Nov 5 2009 	Major Renovations Needed	The only nice thing I can say about this place is that staff is very friendly and helpful. Apart from that the rooms were in a horrible state of disrepair. Stains on walls, light bulbs out, TV didn't work, Internet didn't work, sink was cracked, tiles were missing in bathroom, beds gave me bruises from the bad springs popping out ( seriously not kidding), room was very dark, paint makes you think of pepto bismo, and elevator button was a serious hazard issue.Sorry to say but for the money I have stayed in better in London.	
Sep 27 2009 	Needs closing for complete refit worst place we have ever stayed in.	Do not stay here! Too hot, the lights were broken in our room. The bathroom was a death trap. cracked sink, crack went right through the basin. Shower was rusted up. The floor tiles were broken and raised, we put the mat over so that we didnt' hurt our feet. Our windows were rotten and there is no double glazing, very noisy and we were on the fourth floor. The breakfast was very poor, no choice and overcooked sausage and bacon.How this establishment has three stars fails us. The location is good and that is the only good thing about it.	
Sep 19 2009 	terrible hotel... only decent thing is tube very near by... otherwise horrible...	i used to read these and wounder why bother... now i know why... i searched for ages online looking for good advice in regard to hotel, good value for money, good location, clean and reasonably priced... only got 1 out og the above.. the tube is very close by and this made it great fot travelling for shopping and going out otherwise...terrible hotel..we first arrive, my sister and a friend... booked a triple room, the bathroom had scum on the bath, and the hand basin was blocked, there was a horrible musty smell in the room, we then complained and the girl at reception was very nice and offered us another room, which we took, we were hiven a larger room with sliding door and a balcony , the balcony was also in use for our neighbourin rooms, it was one big stripe, after we had returned from dinner we realised our sliding door was broke and hence our room had ben accesable while we were out.. not safe.. there was also another enntrabce to room with just a nail in keyhole to prevent it from being opened on outside.we then complained again and we were waiting in the lobby for roughly 40 mins while another room was orgainised... this room was ok in comparasion to the other two.. the window was broke again but had being bolted properly... the tiles were cracked on the bathroom floor and personally found this to be dangerous...needed paint and wood on sliding/balcony for rotten...while we were waitin in the hotel a gentleman came downsatirs and also complained aboutnoise levels..we were offered another hotel the next morning via the manager.. who was going to do it through the agency we booked it with...pesonally i thin this should not be as high a star rating.. the croissants were stale that i ate for breakfast...if you are lookin for a hotel i would recommed you stick to marble arch area or hyde park.. from viewing the city these locations were pretty good and from what hotels we passed on the bus tour alot of hotels looked nice... from the outside but as i found out its on the inside that counts...this was an awful hotel... keep away.. photos to back this up..	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location but stuffy room	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. We booked this hotel because breakfast was included in the price and it was close to all the natural history museum, science museum and V&amp;A. We were certainly not disappointed with the hotels location as its literally round the corner from all of the museums and only a 15 min walk from the royal albert hall, hyde park and kensington gardens. The tube station is just across the road (althogh we did not use the tube) and there are plenty of places to eat.Our room was on the ground floor. We were pleasantly suprised by the size of the room and the high ceilings. The room was at the front of the building (the hotel is on a busy street) but we didnt hear any traffic noise as the windows must have been trippled glazed! We could however hear the distant rumble of the tube train every few minutes but it did not disturb us.However, after reading previous reviews i was not suprised to find the air con was broken. A table fan was provided which helped a little but not much. The hotel and its roooms are very stuffy and hot and made me feel uncomfortable at times. In the morning i felt very groggy from the lack of fresh/cool air. The bed was a little hard for my liking and we found we did not really get a good night sleep during our stay. I think if you are prone to hot flushes it would not be a good idea to stay here, although i found the temperature to be tolerable as the majority of our stay was spent outside the hotel room.The buffet breakfast had a great selection of food. We had a cooked breakfast each morning which was a treat for us and was very tasty. The breakfast area was the only place where they had air con and one guest even complained that it was too cold which i found strange!The staff were friendly but i did have difficulty understanding their european accents. The lady at reception was very helpful in giving us directions for the local area and also provided us with a map.Overall we enjoyed our stay and would book here again purely because of the location and buffet breakfast option that other hotels in the area did not provide at such a good price.	
Aug 8 2009 	very large rooms 	very large room, tube station 1/2 block away on Circle line, 3 restaurants across the street.In London getting this size room for the price is not easy. We had a king bed, couch &amp; chairs in main room with a bunk bed in other area of room. bathroom is good size. Also if you go in summer ask for a fan there is no air- con.One draw back no hotel parking. Street parking is VERY expensive and hard to find. So don't take a car use the tube.	
Jul 24 2009 	super location... hotel needs refurbishment	I was a bit apprehensive after reading other Trip Advisor reviews- luckily I hadn't seen the review which states there was a rat in the room! Location is super. Hotel decor is tired. Room was clean and adequate. Very noisy floorboards- I felt sorry for the guests underneath. A lot of traffic noise. I was on the 5th floor. The staff were ok, I felt they were just passing through and were not interested in a hotel career. Breakfast was fine but the breakfast room was dark and you wouldn't linger. Great location beside South Kensington tube.	
Jul 14 2009 	Excellent location friendly service	I stayed here for a weekend and it can harly be outdone for location, next to museums, South Ken tube, around the corner from Le Pain Quotidien, walking distance park. The service was very friendly, free use of reception PC as well as exercise room. Relief to find that rooms could be opened. Great experience. Bed &amp; room were on the small side but who stays in their room anyway in this city and for this rate?	
Jun 27 2009 	Small room	Reception service ok, room was small and tired looking, very noisy, looking at the street, bath room so small, elevator very old, next morning cleaning stuff puts dirty laundry in piles by the hall corridor.	
Jun 19 2009 	WOULD STAY AGAIN WHEN IN LONDON	Only stayed one night (not in the room for long) Clean &amp; comfy, everything worked properly, powerful hot shower, large bathroom, very nice breakfast room with hot &amp; coldbreakfast. Front desk staff were pleasent &amp; helpful.Location was great (right opposite the tube station) Short walk up the road to the museums. For somewhere to rest your head for the night, in a great location it does the job without breaking the bank ! Will stay there again.	
May 29 2009 	A1 Service	I stayed here with my friend for 3 nights when down in London for concerts at the Royal Albert Hall. My initial impression was one of disappointment because the hotel decor is quite shabby and our room smelled of damp because of structural problems around the windows - they need replacing badly. However, after 3 nights my opinion changed.Hotel good points;Warm and welcomingA1 service at both reception and in the breakfast room - at 11pm the night manager came up to fix our shower literally 2 minutes after I had complained that we couldn`t get it to work.Large light room and bathroom.Spotlessly clean.Comfortable firm beds.Very reasonable rates.Right next to South Kensington tube station.Perfect situation for the Royal Albert Hall, the Natural History Museum and the V&amp;A Museum.Plenty of reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance.Kensington is far more pleasant than staying in central London.Hotel poorer points:Most areas need recarpettingSome areas need decoratingThe furniture is shabby and the bathrooms are old.Apart from breakfast, there are no meals available at the hotel, but this is not really necessary because of the abundance of eateries outside.After 3 nights my overall impression was of the hotel as a lovely old lady who needs a substantial amount of money spending on her to make her watertight (!) and fashionable. However if this money was spent, considering the perfect position of the hotel, the room rate would skyrocket.	
May 15 2009 	Good Location for Museums and Tube but bad rooms and facilities	Stayed here for 3 nights (just got back home today) and was not impressed by this hotel. We booked a standard double room for £100 per night and this turned out to be smaller than a Travel Lodge Room, the decor of the room and hotel in general was very poor indeed (carpets fraying and not fixed down in places) We had a room on the 1st floor where the window looked onto the the buildings next door, but insisted they moved us after we found a rat running around in the room last night!!. So they moved us to a room overlooking the front of the hotel, which was smaller (if this was possible) and did not have proper double glazing - so it was noisy. The staff did not care that there was a rat in our room and offered no apology, room upgrade or discount for this issue but just said that they would get maintenance to look at this in the morning. (which i doubt they did) The rat ran under the gap at the bottom of the room door, when we discovered it, and probably into another room.The only positives i can offer are that the location is really good for going out seeing the sights as the tube station and museums are really close. I would suggest that you make arrangements for your evening entertainment (there is only a breakfast room so you will have to eat out for the evening) so that you are either too tired or slightly drunk to care about the rooms when you return. Also there is no room service so get a night cap or hot drink to take back with you from one of the cafe bars nearby.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone that i know as i would not like to receive hate mail / texts from them.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location terrible room	Don't stay in room #9! Despite the photo's on their website this room is dark and has no direct daylight. The location of the hotel is pretty good. Not all staff is very friendly.	
Feb 19 2009 	Not too impressed	Hotels in London are expensive, and I should have known at only £85 for the night this was not going to be great. The hotel is need need of refurbishment, it's dowdy, creaky floor boards. I woke up at 05.30 thinking someone was in my room, it was the floor boards from the room above. The cups leave a film of brown on them after drinking tea - Yuk!On the good side, it's clean, the sytaff are polite and helpful. Breakfast is ok. Location is excellent, very close to South Kensington tube station	
Feb 11 2009 	Down at the heel	This is a 2 star hotel. My room was quite big for London but the place had clearly seen better days - shabby furnishings, desperately in need of paint, meagre towels, tricky shower. On the plus side, there was a little hairdryer provided, and some toiletries. Breakfast was really quite nice. Just a bit depressing decor-wise.	
Feb 9 2009 	I can't belive it has 3 stars!!	I have booked lots of various hotels to test out and have always been pleased this has to be the first time I was horrified. The floor I was stopping on when I got out the extremly slow lift looked far from welcoming the doors were all abshed in and the papper on the walls is peeling and the carpet coming up.I got in to the room and it was just as bad the tiles in the bathroom broken. No heating controll in a very hot room, The window pain was rotting. There was No phone, Alarm clock Ironing board Nothing in the room apart from a TV that didn't work and was very old.The size of room was small and there was not much space between the end of the bed and the wall. I don't know how this has three stars but it doesn't deserve a 1 star. Other floors did look ok on the outside but without knowing what they look like inside I could not say weather it was just that floor.I have taken some pictures of what it actually looks like not what it looked like probably many years ago I think you need to update the pictures.I will add them on as soon as I am able to get them off my camera.	
Jan 8 2009 	Gone Downhill	This was my 5th stay at this hotel, in the last 3 months i cannot believe how much the standard has deteriorated. Since last time the cut backs have been amazing. The service I received, from arrival to departure was awful. In previous years i have recommended this hotel to many people but i certainly wouldn't recommend it now. Such a shame... I have been working in Tourism business fro many years and I must say the my last experience at Grosvenor Kensington Hotel was the worst in my entire life.Lack of standards??? Lack of managment???	
Dec 31 2008 	Good hotel -excellent location	Stayed in triple room on Dec 29 - excellent reception on arrival - also the foyer of the hotel is lovely. Room was fine - on top floor but that was fine. My son had double sofa bed (a proper one not like Travelodge) and beds were comfy. Only had a blanket on our double and thought we would be cold but the heating was spot on. OK the room is basic but very clean and comfortable - would use the hotel again as very near the N History Museum and others (close to Hyde Park). Yes the hotel is slightly shabby in places and certain areas could do with a lick of paint but it was CLEAN and the staff were very helpful. Breakfast was good - quality buffet and staff very attentive to refilling food. At night we were aware of traffic rumbling and being close to the railway and tube stations could feel the intermittent rumblings of trains - but nothing serious and did not stop us sleeping.Good value for money - but would advise if you have young children to specify room with no balcony - the porch doors could be undone by youngsters.	
Dec 20 2008 	Room for improvement and please turn the heating down!	For £94 a night in Kensington, we weren't expecting luxury and our expectations were certainly met by this hotel. The Grosvenor looks very grand from the outside, but the interior of the hotel had seen better days. Our room was ok for the money, best bits being a comfy double bed, bath which filled in about 30 seconds, and that it was very quiet where we were situated so we had two good nights sleep. Bad bits were the rubbish shower, stingy toiletries, broken jacuzzi feature in the bath and the complete lack of decent lighting in the room. Three small lamps is not sufficient to light a hotel room. Also the bathroom heating is constantly on red hot, as is the rest of the hotel - I dread to think what their heating bills are like! The choice of breakfast was plentiful, but the quality of the food was dismal, rubber egg, cheap and nasty meat and cardboard cereal. Nice croissants though. I would say this hotel is adequate for a short visit if you don't expect too much, but the whole place needs a makeover.	
Nov 19 2008 	Stay here only if you need to be on top of Sth Ken tube station	Location is handy, cabs always available and tube on your doorstep, but the rooms in this place are dated and verging on shabby (see photos): beds are flimsy (you can give each single bed a small kick and it will roll a few inches), net curtains are grey, carpets shabby, bathrooms very dated (having said this the loo is ok), crevices dusty. Bathroom amenities are very basic (smallest bottle of shampoo I've seen in a hotel for some time.. with label not even in english). Rooms are not particularly soundproof. Floorboards in the corridors are bouncy and far from solid. We've been charged more than 80 pounds a night for this stay and would rather pay 100+ next time to stay in a more modern hotel. Do not stay here with loved ones.	
Nov 19 2008 	Location ok - rest poor	Just checked out of this hotel - was in London on business but had limited budget for this visit. Very good location if you need to be near Knightsbridge / Kensington area. On a very busy road with a black cab rank directly outside. (VERY NOISY)I was checked into a very dark and dingy room at end of corridor with view of a wall and the bins - I changed at reception to a brighter room but overlooking main road. I managed 45 minutes sleep due to constant traffic / buses and taxis pulling out throughout the night.The room's are terribly furnished - walls are cracking - wallpaper and paint falling off, toilets and sinks cracked. everything very out of date. The reception and corridors are about 100 degrees in temperature so you are sweating by the time you get to your room!!I changed room for a 3rd time and got a quiet room overlooking the French school (apart from 200 French schoolkids screaming outside between 8-9).Overall a good location - reasonable clean but very out of date and tatty. Not a place to stay on business but if you're going out for a night out and need somewhere cheap and central then maybe......There's much better hotels for the money though!!	
Nov 9 2008 	Excellent value for money - great position	Ive stayed in many hotels all over London over the past couple of years and this one is definetly up there with the best as far as value for money is concerned. We paid 79 quid (which is competitive for a 3 star close to the West End) which included breakfast and was positioned exactly where we wanted to be for a night out (near to Firehouse night club). Couldnt grumble about absolutely anything to be honest. Its literaly 100 yards from South Ken tube station. The staff were efficient, helpful and polite. The room was better than expected - probably the biggest Ive stayed in within central London for the price. We were given a family room which had a separate side room with bunk beds and a room overlooking the street with a balcony. The bed was comfy and the bathroom adequate. Admittedly, the room was a little tired but ive stayed in a lot worse and paid more money. The breakfast was awesome. Full english with croissants, yoghurts, cold meats, cheeses, etc. Loads of coffee and juice too. The breakfast alone would have cost over 20 quid in that part of town so really pleased. Will definetly stay there again next time we're out in Kensington.	
Oct 22 2008 	nice good value for price and great location	When I travel to London (this was 20th time) I am always worried about what I will find in hotel as is well known that english are the first in many things but the last for others (hotels i.e.). I booked the hotel on a web portal and i discover a real nice place with great breakfast, warm and professional staff in a great location. tube is just few meters outside the door and if you don't want go to the centre for a bit of night life you have it close to the hotel: pubs bars restaurants just in front of your hotel room. I really would like to suggest Thai square exibithion restaurant: authentic thai food at a very affordable price. I will not come back to Grand China restaurant: expensive and food is not special. If I have to find a weak point to the hotel I should say ... perhaps a little bit of noise but it is just because I want to focus strongness and weakness otherwise I should rather say: very good experience at grosvenor kensington hotel.	
Sep 4 2008 	Fantastic place to stay	We booked this hotel less than 24 hours before we stayed via a web site and for the price were not expecting too much!. On arrival we were given the keys to room 506 which turned out to be a suite. Having only paid £63 we were very impressed by this. Both of the rooms were plenty big enough with ample supplies of tea and coffee for our stay. The bathroom was far bigger than anything i have ever had when staying in London, in fact it was almost bigger than a few rooms we have had to sleep in! The staff were all pleasant and friendly from check in, the bar, the breakfast room and the cleaner. Breakfast was continental and included in the price for us, plenty to choose from and very fresh. the hotel is just a few minutes walk from the NaturaI History Museum and ideally situated for the tube travel to all the main sites of london. i would not hesitate to book this hotel again as it is ideally situated and excellent value for money.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotelexcellent location	My husband and I stayed here from Aug 11- 14th.We found the hotel to be quite charming, clean and it's location was wonderful.The rooms were basic....but really...How much time does one spend in their room while in London anyways?I do suggest asking for additional soaps, as the single one they provide is very small. Also, the soap has quite a bit of perfumes in it.....you may want to bring your own if you have any skin allergies.We were quite comfortable overall.The buffet breakfast was wonderful! So many items to choose from.The service was also great.The hotels location was superb....so close to South Kennsington tube, the Victoria and Albert museum, the Museum of Natural History and the Science museum...all within a 5 minute walk.If you do any double decker tour's, the blue line takes you right to the Victoria Museum which was nice and close.I recommend this hotel and would return again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Very Good Value for Money Excellent Customer Care	The hotel + decor is average...a bit dated, nothing special. However, this was excellent value for money. Excellent customer care - staff attentive to guest's needs. Example, we arrived around 11:30am though check-in isn't until 2:00pm. Rather than having us leave our luggage in the bell closet, they had us wait a few minutes so they could find &amp; clear a room for us as soon as possible. I thought this was terrific. When I booked it through bookings.com, it was noted we'd only receive a free continental breakfast each morning. Well, we were treated to their breakfast buffet each &amp; every morning. Lots of things to choose from, including egg and bacon, fresh juice, fruit, cheeses, muffins and danishes, etc. This was a very nice touch! Also, the hotel is so conveniently located a street away from South Kensington tube station and only a half hour or just slightly more to Heathrow via Underground. We weren't disturbed by any noise from other guests either; it was quiet at night.I would stay there again.	
Jun 26 2008	Barely acceptable	The reviews on this hotel are correct. The location is very good however the hotel needs to be cleaned up. This was not a good value for the money. We had gum on our bed, the shower valve did not work, TV was old and small and the carpet in our room was torn down the seam. At night, the front desk clerk was walking around with bare feet and was busy watching the incredible hulk when I went down to ask for some soap.Positives were that the room was large and you could go out onto a little balcony plus the location is very close to the Underground station.I would not stay here again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Not a good impression for visitors!	I stayed here for 2 nights in June, and as a travel agent I was appalled to find this hotel is considered 4 star! The decor is in desperate need of an update, the showers are dodgy. The rooms musty and being on a main road, even with windows closed it is extremely noisy. The worst factor was the heating which was kept on full blast throughout our stay, no individual controls, and it was 22c outside! The breakfast room was in the cellar and barely above average, but the worst thing of all was staff attitudes/service. We tried to use the hotel bar twice, and were turned away once, and the second time at 10.30pm we were asked to leave, had keys rattled at us, and then the lights switched off! when we came down in the morning our used wine glasses were still on the foyer table. Ok, so the location might be great, but as a visitor this hotel would certainly put me off returning! Do not recommend to anyone you like!	
May 3 2008 	Four star rating a farce	We spent 8 nights at this hotel, which was billed as 4 stars. The location, just steps from the underground and major museums, was great, but nothing else about the hotel deserves praise.The bathroom was tiny and temperature control of the shower impossible to attain--the temperature changed from icy to scalding constantly, with very little time in between. Time of day did not seem to make any difference to this.The beds were comfortable, but underneath the floor was dirty and littered with debris from previous occupants--candy wrappers, anyone? The room and the hallways were very shabby.The breakfast buffet that was included was acceptable. Cups in the room were not replaced or cleaned properly. Fortunately we brought some of our own dish detergent in anticipation of this problem.Luckily, the weather was cool while we were there, because there is no AC. We had the heat turned off the entire time, but the building remained too warm, and we needed to open windows to cool the room down at the end of each day.In all, this was a shabby hotel that I would recommend only to people I didn't like!	
Apr 14 2008 	very nice stay	I lived in london for 10 years, went back there with 2 friends to show them this amazing city. Booked a triple room at the Grosvenor Hotel and I can say the hotel was really good value for money.2 mins away from tube stationlarge triple roomnice breakfast ( included )friendly reception staffvery clean roomour room was at street level and we had no window....I mean no view basically. But to be honest it was not a problem at all, in order to see London you must stay out all day....Bathroom was rather roomy ...a bit old but nice and clean.	
Mar 15 2008 	Modest Hotel good price breakfast and location.	I booked this hotel because of the modest price in the expensive neighborhood where my son is studying abroad. The location is very convenient to the S.Kensington tube station that accesses 3 trains. Check-in was efficient and friendly. Our room was modest but clean. I liked the great water pressure in the shower and the large, thick bath towels. Drawer space would have been nice but was not essential. We enjoyed the breakfast included in our room rate. There was great variety and a hearty breakfast held us over till suppetime. Most mornings we walked or jogged at nearby Hyde Park. However, we did use the small exercise room twice and found it to be adequate. We were able to check our email on the complementary computer in the lobby. We used the cozy hotel bar as a meeting place several evenings.This hotel helped us stretch the &quot;weak dollar&quot;.	
Mar 12 2008 	shabby	i stayed at this hotel a few years ago and it was fine ,so i rebooked for this trip ... mistake ... we are smokers and on the booking form requested a smoking room ,, on arrival we were told that the entire hotel was non smoking .. our sugestion that they update the web details was met with a smirk. our room was on the 5th floor and was tiny, the furniture was broken and worst of all the window was screwed closed ,, i do like a breath of fresh air . the batroom was small but managable for one night until you get in the shower ... 10 mins of tap twidling before i dared to get wet , then two mins of jumping back and forth to avoid scalding or freezing myself ... we went for breakfast at 7.10 am, it looked a good spread ,a mix of english and continental .. we had english ,, it was at best, described as luke warm, the bacon was so tough it must have been sitting there for hours... i will try to end on a positive .... the luggage leaving facilities were a bonus . we didnt collect our cases until 8.00pm and had to show our ticket to retrieve it , the location is brilliant,just a minites walk to south kensington tube .. next time i am in london i will stay further out, maybe st johns wood or swiss cottage ,, the one day tube pass would still cost the same so hopefully i would get a better hotel for the money and be no worse off with location ... xxx sue	
Mar 4 2008 	very dissappointed	Grovesener Kensington Harringdon Rd London.Feb/march 2008,3nights.Recommended to stay,what a shock,brass banister on pillar outside held on to it to walk up steps,nearly fell up steps as banister was loose.Inside no porter,decor shabby,water marks on ceiling,paper coming off walls,carpet threadbear on stairs.In room heating noisey,water marks on ceiling,bathroom no shelf for own toiletries,juccuci bath, but didn't work,floor kept flooding because couldn't turn tats off properly.When complained about anything they made out they didn't understand.When leaving we left our luggage in a left luggageroom and we had to carry our luggage ourselves,and when picking up our luggage we asked for taxi and told to go outside and call one ourselves.When on short breaks I do like it when I don't have to wait on my self.A friend came with us and her window would not close,it was open about 2 inches and it was very cold this weekend.	
Feb 27 2008 	The hotle lo stay away	The location is good. It is conveniently located near South Kensington Tube Station. Staff were not helpful at all. The WiFi never worked but you do not get any refunds. The rooms are small and dark. The beds are very uncomfortable. The carpets were dirthy and soome the furniture were broken. You would be charged for breakfast although it is not edible and cold. The hotel is basically a run down joint and needs new refurbishment and a professional management. Do not try to compare with what you get in North America for your buck. Look for an alternative place. Avoid this hotel if you can.	
Feb 19 2008	Oh My God!!!	Well all I can say to sum it up was that there was a surgical wound dressing in my bed when I clambered into it for a nice sleep!Staff (excluding bar staff) were ambivalent to it all and generally grumpy!	
Jan 12 2008 	A nice comfertable hotel	I had a business meeting and I needed to stay in the area so booked the hotel online. After reading the reviews I wanted to cancel as the last thing I needed was a hassle. I arrived at 11:30 PM on the 8th Jan expecting the worse. But none occurred. I checked in less than a minute, the lobby and elevators were fine; my room was clean, warm and comfortable. Clean bedding and Towels; every thing in working order. Next day the open buffet breakfast was similar to what you would get in a 5 star hotel in London, with hot and cold items and fresh fruits. Checking out again took less than 2 minutes.Yes the hotel rooms need redecorating, but for the price it offer and for the location it is definitely worth it	
Dec 14 2007 	very cheap for location - don't expect perfection	The hotel is in a fantastic location for anyone wanting to see the sights of London and stay in a good area. Far better than the cheap hotels in Victoria/ Pimlico. It is extremely cheap for a central london hotel. Yes- it is very tired internally (the bathroom tiles were stained and some of the wallpaper was missing) and needs a lot of painting and re-decorating. It is also very basic in its decor but i cant fault it for quietness and cleanliness. I have stayed in far worse for this price.I wouldn't want to spend an enormous amount of time in the room but in such a location that is unlikely anyway. In summary - great value if you dont expect a 5 star stay. Don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 20 2007	Very comfortable	This was my fourth trip to London in five years. I usually stay at budget hotels, but with the demise of the dollar, these places have become more and more like dumps. So we opted to spend more money, and we're glad we did.This is a very nice hotel a stone's throw from the South Kensington tube station with access to the Picadilley, Central and Circle lines. It's in an upscale neighborhood with plenty of restaurants and sandwich shops.The best part of this hotel is the breakfast, which was included in the fare and served buffet style. I loaded my plate with scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, toast and orange juice. That carried me through to dinner.The room was bigger than I expected for the money. The bathroom was nice. The bed comfortable, the staff friendly and competent.There's a computer in the lobby with free Internet access. If that's not enough, there's an Internet cafe straight across the street.From now on, I'm staying here on my visits to London.	
Oct 14 2007	A disappointment	We found the desk personnel every unknowledgeable. Whenever we had something to inquire about - they did not know anything. There were no vending or ice machines on the premises. The beds were clean, however, the rest of the room was not cleaned very well. The breakfast was plentiful, but the food was cold. I had a problem with a smelly bedspread and could not get anything done until the following day - no housekeeping staff on hand. I would not recommend the hotel.	
Aug 5 2007 	Please stay away!!!!!!For $200/night you can do better.	My daughter and I checked in last night in this hotel. The main reason I chose it was the location and AC. Guess what? The AC works ONLY in some rooms and those rooms are kind of executive or suites. One would wonder how the AC chose to NOT WORK in the ''little rooms'' ONLY?IT IS SO HOT, IT IS HELL ON EARTH, MAKES YOU SICK. I only wonder why the advertise AC when they know they dont have it. When we checked in they said the next day will look into what they have available and move us. The next day of course we were told everythng was booked. I would think they should know how booked they are weeks in advance, let alone one night...And we were thrown on the fifth floor!!!!! We are on the top of the building and they have a strange - should I call it heater for water???? It is a heater located in the bathroom, it is hot like in winter, I guess it serves to keep the water hot??? Just imagine that hot thing working 24 hours in a room already hot. For $147/night I could have gotten a room in a Central 3 stars Hotel with no AC, but I chose to pay $200 a NIGHT TO STAY IN THIS HOTEL and they actually dont have the advertised AC. Our stay in London is a mess just knowing I come to a hot room. Please stop advertising AC in your hotel!!!!!!! Let people know that only some rooms have it!!! ''Sorry'' is not enough when one is stuck in a hot room for four nights. ''Sorry'' does not keep us cool. ''Sorry'' is free and we paid money to live in your hot hotel for four nights. Doesnt anyone feel the shame for misleading us and so many other guests? I will write a review about our stay here every summer, to remind people to check and make sure!	
Jun 17 2007 	OK for the money!!!	My husband and I stayed here for one night at the beginning of June and we were a bit apprehensive after reading some of the hegative reviews about the hotel. I was expecting a complete dump but it was far from this. OK, the hotel could do with a lick of paint and the rooms and bathrooms need modernising but for less than £100 a night for a central london hotel including breakfast, i don't think you can complain. Although the rooms were a bit tired looking, they were clean and the bed was comfortable. No air conditioning in our room, but we did have a fan in the room. The location of the hotel is fantastic - a 30 second walk from South Kensington Tube Statiion. If you are only using this hotel as a base for exploring it is perfect. However if you are going to spend a lot of time in your room and you like a bit of luxury, you probably need to spend double and go to a hotel further down the road. We found the hotel staff friendly and helpful. The breakfast is great - buffet style cooked breakfast, toast and jams, cold meats and cheese, cereal, fruit, yoghurts and pastries. Overall, for the money we paid, i was not dissapointed!	
Apr 21 2007 	Not bad at all!	We stayed for 3 nights and didn't expect much after having read previous reviews.We had a large room (312) and comfortable beds.Great breakfast.OK, so it's only a 3 star hotel and it looks rather 'tired' and in need of a lick of paint, but all the staff was friendly and helpful.	
Mar 5 2007	Great Hotel	I stayed here with my husband for 4 nights at the end of February. Absolutely no problems with the hotel. The location is fantastic, it's about a 2 minute walk from South Kensington Tube Station. Breakfast was nice - it's served downstairs in the dining room, the staff were friendly and the room was clean and comfortable. We couldn't have asked for anything more for our stay in London.	
Mar 4 2007 	Not too bad...	I stayed at this hotel one night to attend a conference in London. The hotel was booked through a travel agent and paid for by work. I would say that the hotel is in a general state of decline and that it was somewhat rusty and had seen better days. Yet it was ok and did the job nicely. Hotel is located 100 yards from South Kennsington tube and was very handy for where we were going. I ate breakfast and it was reasonable. Overall I would not book it gain for a personal trip, and at £80 I thought it was very overpriced.	
Mar 1 2007 	Glad I wasn't paying for it.	Expected more from a &quot;3 star&quot; hotel. Have stayed at 2 star hotels in London that were nicer. Glad work paid for it and not me. Staff not particularly friendly (joking with each other at reception). We weren't allowed to use water for a short period of time. Some damage to the room.But, great location close to Gloucester Rd tube, and room was reasonably sized.	
Feb 23 2007	Stay way	Be warned. Stay away from this place. Awlful experience from start to finish. Like many customers, we were affected by the &quot;no rooms&quot; scam. They tried the FOC taxi to their &quot;wonderful&quot; sister hotel. Same price, and equally dreadful. Look. Don't be fooled, they are rude, unhelpful, and tricky. We cancelled the reservation, and walked around Kensington to find another honest establishment. Don't be fooled also by the pictures. As no one can sleep in the hall, staircase or breakfast room.	
Feb 8 2007 	Great value	For the price I paid for this hotel, I cannot complain. If we'd paid rack rates for the room (more than double the price we got through [--]) we may have been a little disappointed. The staff were helpful, check-in and check-out were easily done, and the room was comfortable and clean- although the whirlpool bath contraption didn't work and the shower came at you with the strength of fire-hose. In tems of location the hotel is excellent. no more than 2 minute's walk from South Kensington tube, and access on the picadilly line to nearly all the major attractions. anybody who stays here on a business trip and is expecting something extra should maybe consider staying at another hotel. If however, you want somewhere clean, warm and pleasant to stay while you explore the capital I fully recommend this hotel.	
Feb 8 2007	Excellent Hotel	A party of 6 of us stayed here in Feb, booked then panicked when we read the poor reviews. Fortunately they turned out to be unfounded during our stay. The location is fantastic, tube station 2mins walk, centre of the museum &amp; tourist sites and lots of great restaurants and bars on the door step.Some of the decor does look a little tired but this is an old building! and you can see that they are refurbishing. The hotel bar is great as is the breakfast, very nice coffee!Overall I would recommend to anyone (just about to book as in London again next wk) who is not expecting a £300+ standard and location for £80.00...be realistic and you will enjoy!	
Jan 18 2007 	Good kind e professional reception manager Rachel we loved her !	I don't understand what these people are talking about. Me and my family have spent Christmas holidays ( four days) in this hotel and we only have but praises to the staff who made our stay comfortable. The rooms were big and warm and were a relief especially during late afternoons and nights when one is most vulnerable and cold after a long day of traveling and sightseeing. Breakfasts were plentiful and we even had fruits, one thing that even 5* hotels in the area won't provide. The breakfast ladies were extremely helpful and the chef tried to accommodate our demands. Sorry but we did not like the bacon. It's not your fault Ralph. As for the front desk, we could not ask for more. Their new reception manager who happens to be an Asian-Italian and the receptionist Francesca who was an authentic Italian made us feel at home. All in all, we can say that these people who had criticised this hotel before had nothing better to do than nitpick. Go home and clean your backyards, You might find something there that was waiting to be acknowledged for the longest time. Chill!!! Rachele e Francesca: La nostra Francesca studia bene. Tante belle cose e coraggio. Gabriele	
Jan 6 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever	The hotel is the worst I've ever stayed in, primarily because the staff were unbelievably rude and unhelpful. The room's heating did not work so was like a sauna and the window couldn't be opened - when we informed the reception they said it would be reviewed by the technician in the morning - nothing happened. In addition the hot water was uncontrollable. The staff in the restaurant had no idea of customer service aqnd were downright obnoxious. When calling the hotel to speak with the General Manager they were not available, neither was there a duty manager and the I was informed that the hotel was being managed by the receptionist, who had started that day! I believe this is illegal and I will be passing details to the relevant tourist board.In short, this is not a three star hotel, nor a one star hotel - it should be closed. Please save yourself the utter misery of staying there.	
Nov 25 2006 	Deceiving	The hotel location is really good - about a half block from South Kensington Tube Station. The neighborhood is really nice- just a couple of blocks away from the museums and there are a lot of resturants, cafes, etc. near the hotel. I travelled here with a friend and we spent 6 nights at this hotel - after one night in a really disgusting hotel in London and 5 nights in a so-so hotel in Paris, I was really optimistic about this hotel because we paid almost double for this room than we had paid for the other hotels that we had stayed in during the previous week. I was still optimistic when walked into the lobby - the lobby is fairly nice and the bar attached to the lobby looked clean. We checked in, received our room key and that's when it all went downhill. First, I got into the elevator, which bounces at least ten times when it stops at your floor. The elevator finally opened at the 4th floor - the floor smelled, the carpet was worn and stained, and to top it all off, the desk staff checked us into an occupied room. I opened the door to find a dirty room, unmade beds and a large pair of men's underwear lying in the unmade bed. After we finally got into another room, we opened the door to a large stain on the carpet - which we can only decribe as something the looked like a vomit stain. We had basically no water in the bathroom. If you want to shower at this hotel, shower at 10 PM, because there is not enough hot water to go around in the morning. The bedspreads on the bed were filthy and torn. I can only describe the blankets as nappy and disgusting. The desk lamp did not work. The pillows sucked. The temperature in the room was unbearably hot. The matresses were stained and just downright gross. The beds are uncomfortable. The so-so hotel that we stayed at in Paris the week before was a palace compared to this room. For the price that we paid for this hotel, I thought it would actually be clean and new. The owners of this hotel need to invest in and update the guest rooms rather than spending it all on the lobby and the breakfast room.	
Nov 17 2006	Dreadful dirty and covered in bites!	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that it is well located for sightseeing and the museums... other than that it was awful. After turning up to be told I couldn't have the double non-smoking I had booked and been 'welcomed' if you can call it that, we tried several rooms... some had broken showers, one you couldn't turn the heat off, one that was really dirty... the receptionist got increasingly moody as us and two other couples continued to complain about rooms, we gave up because it was too late to find anything else - I woke up to discover I was covered in bites!!! The staff didn't want to know and the service was simply appauling - no matter how cheap this hotel is its not worth it, it doesn't deserve one star let alone three!	
Nov 13 2006 	Book a Kensington Hotel - Stay at a Bayswater Hotel!	My company booked this hotel for me during work on an exhibition at Olympia. I turned up after a long day with dinner in one hand, heavy bag in the other, waiting to eat, shower and sleep. However, things did not go to plan.I turned up with a booking confirmation and reference number only to be told that there was no record of it on the system, they were full, and there was no room available for me. There was nothing they could do for me as there was 'No reservation on their system' (remember that bit its important!)Anyway, they receptionist then said I could actually get a FOC taxi over to their sister hotel the Henry VIII in Bayswater (a familiar story if you read the other reviews) as they had availability.As I had travelled all the way from Nottingham that morning, to Olympia, worked all day until 10pm then travelled to the Hotel without having eaten, the last thing I wanted was to travel again across London, and besides it was not suitable as I needed to be in the Kensington area. I told the receptionist that this was not acceptable, that I did not want to go to another hotel and that if there was no reservation, I would have to go elsewhere. She then kindly (hmm) helped me find a telephone number for the Jury's Kensington Hotel, which I had stayed at before, and witnessed me book a room there. Once this was done, I asked the receptionist how, to go about claiming back a refund for our deposit - she told me she could not help me with this, but I was best to contact the reservation company. With this I set off on my not so merry way for a brief walk to the trusty Jury's Kensington, and had a great nights sleep!! The End....or so we thought...I turns out a month later that the Henry VIII had charged us for a 'non-show' for the night at their hotel. A non show for a room we had not reserved - at a hotel I did not want to stay at!! How does that work ? - well apparently as there was no room at the Grosvenor Hotel I automatically had a reservation made at the Henry VIII Hotel, who had in turn taken the credit card details from the Grosvenor for the reservation, then charged us for this non-show as we did not cancel the reservation that 'did not exist on their system'... fantastic!!If you think about it its very clever - they book you into a Kensington hotel and they suddenly have no rooms available, and have to ship you off to another area of London - one which you probably would not have thought about staying in. In fact thinking back, I now remember the bloke before me a the check in desk being told to wait for a taxi to the Henry VIII. At the time I just thought he could not get a room, but they had been nice and sorted him out! My advice, don't book here - they are incompetent. And don't book at the Henry VIII as they steal your credit card details and charge you for a room you haven't booked. The Jury's Kensington is a great hotel - stay there instead.	
Nov 9 2006 	Never Again !!	Terrible.This never happened to me before. It is a complete rip off.I really was to bussy with meetings, otherwise I would just have walked out.On arrival, the receptionist just trowed me the registration form. The room was below all level: to small for a 4star, needs to be refurbished, the bathroom was terrible and not clean at all... The shower had no hot water, television did't work properly, the matress was dirty.I complainted at reception, 3 times, told them I would like to speak to the manager - nothing changed.The staff was rather unpolite, not only with me, but also with other guest as I observed waiting in the lobby for a taxi.Hotusa should do sometihing about this.	
Oct 13 2006 	A frustrating situtation all in all	I was busy in London all day and omitted to collect the voice mail message left on my personal phone...to arrive and be told that there was no room for me as they had experienced a few &quot; leakages!&quot;I was then told that I was to be moved to Henry 8th Hotel in BAyswater and would be offered a taxi FOC which was ok.The room at the Henry 8th was above the open underground and was noisy,hot and very very dirty.I wanted to go to the gym to relax which was now not an option as there was only a pool at this hotel ( and as I was not planning a swim I had only taken my gym gear!) Nice...There was no room service so I took a walk to Bayswater for tea which was OK.I then decided that as Bayswater was way way from where I was meant to be at 8am the next day I would ask for a courtesy taxi in the morning and to my surprise they agreed.. So thank you for that. I did not like the hotel and the noise!!	
Oct 1 2006 	Interesting Stay	We had read several of the Trip Advisor reviews AFTER booking and paying for our trip so we came prepared for crazy showers and less than enthusiastic employees.We were given room 215. My husband and I were somewhat shocked to find we had two twin beds instead of the one queen/double we expected. We decided to grin and bear it (actually we didn't have any choice because the desk attendant said they were booked solid for the ENTIRE WEEK we were staying and that no other rooms were available. I think I may have offended him by suggesting he see what couples looked like they weren't getting along at check in and shaft them with our room. He declined). Most of the desk staff was rude or indifferent.A word of warning getting to your room - take the stairs. The elevator is so scary I though it was broken. It wasn't!! As is arrived at the appropriate floor, it bounced up and down at least ten times (we counted).Our room had two lovely windows (see, I can say something nice!). Unfortunately, one was glued shut and the other opened to reveal a school full of screaming children directly below. I have always heard that the sound of children at play is lovely, but I have to assume that maybe that reference is to less children. I did not find the screaming pack of banshees relaxing or any other pleasant word. It seemed like recess was an all day affair.I thought maybe a relaxing shower was the cure for a 10 hour flight. This was not in the cards. I suggest anyone staying here physically train for the showers before you come. Jump in and out at high speeds while dripping wet, practice the &quot;grab and shove&quot; (grabbing the shower curtian and shoving it in front of the object that is forcefully driving scalding water at you) and showering with gloves on (all the fixtures are too hot to touch). The shower dance deserves its own review, however, I will just say that I had daily panic attacks at the thought of my 83 year old grandmother (who was staying down the hall) attempting to shower.The hotel is located very close to the tube station and some fantastic museums. I think the neighborhood is hard to beat. We did write down the names of several hotels in the area for our return trip. One last word of advice, don't bother asking the hotel staff about the elevator or the hot water. We were handed such a pack of lies about &quot;repairs&quot; it was unbelievable.	
Sep 28 2006 	Worst hotel ever	Having just returned from a nights stay at the Grosvenor Kensington Hotel, I felt compelled that I should warn others who may be about to make the same mistake. But in the spirit of fairness I decided to read all the reviews already posted before launching into my tirade of vitriol and bile.It seems that some people have loved this hotel (!!) and others have hated it, how can this be? Were my expectations too high to begin with? For context I have stayed in many hotels across the whole range including Claridges, city breaks, country hotels, Travel Lodges, some B&amp;Bs and also been on several £9.50 Sun Holidays and I can say without doubt that this is easily the worst hotel experience so far.At best the hotel could be described as tired and in need of a spruce up, in reality it was shabby and in need of a complete refurb. However when entering the lobby it looks quite impressive (this unsurprisingly is also the photo they use on their website) but once you leave this lobby area the true character of the hotel reveals itself.It starts with the juddery lift and then the threadbare carpet in the hallways leading to Room 215 where despite having booked a double room I found myself in what was obviously a twin where the two beds had been pushed together. The headboards are attached to the wall and so when the beds were pushed together there was only a headboard one side. There were 4 pillows available but one was so small and thin that to call it a pillow is an insult. Clothes were quickly unpacked and put away into the plywood construction wardrobe with 2 sets of built in shelves for non hanging items – how much does it cost to supply a chest of drawers!! I then attempted to put away my wash stuff in the bathroom where the only space to put anything was a small shelf the size of two tiles in front of the mirror. There were two sachets of shampoo and 2 tiny bars of soap left on this shelf compliments of the hotel!The room itself was shabby and in need of attention, the window pane in one of the windows had been puttied into place with the skill of a 3 year old (no offence to any 3 year olds reading this). The bedside cabinet had a huge hole in the side of it, there were exposed wires on the telephone. There was a tv in the room and unlike some of the other reviewers I was lucky enough to have a working remote. I then heard a loud bell and initially fearing the worst that there was a fire I found that the school the other side o the road had just finished and the bell signalled 200 screaming children out into the playground. Relief quickly set in that this was a Friday and that we would not be disturbed by the school run the following morning.We decided to shower and change before heading off into Oxford St, it was then we discovered a very powerful shower which unfortunately fluctuated between hot and cold at its own whim.On leaving the hotel its one good feature was revealed - it is only a few hundred yards to the Tube Station.After our evening out, we returned to the hotel at 10.30 and entered the Norfolk Bar, having just eaten my partner asked for a coffee, to be told that they don’t do coffee. At 11.00 sharp with no warning the shutters came down in the bar and there was an attempt to usher us into the lounge, which is a room just off reception with a couple of sofas in it.We decided to return to our room, the telephone had a label informing me that Room Service was on extension 700 which I dialled to get no answer, so I dialled down to reception to be told that there was no room service.In a mixture of surprise, horror, shock, hysterics and amazement we read the information pages on the tv and I quote information page 160 stated that beverages were available 24 hours a day. My partner then rang back to reception and explained that we wanted some drinks, she was told rather abruptly that there was no room service, when she quoted the TV information she was calmly told that the TV was wrong!! After 10 mins of arguing and being told that there was no duty manager available we managed to persuade the hotel to let us have some ice and some tonic water, but this had to be fetched from reception ourselves. We were given a glass of ice and one small bottle of tonic.Luckily we decided against a cup of tea before going to bed as they were only 2 tea bags and we felt we dare not impose on the hotel staff for tea bags as well as tonic water.The room was very noisy over night with traffic and refuse collection and general noise but luckily the school did not open the following morning.I cannot comment on the breakfast as we decided against it but given the rest of our experience Im sure it would have been lovely !!!!We checked out next morning – apparently there was no manager available for us to talk to – and we paid the £1.50 we were charged for the tonic water, We did make use of the luggage storage facility for the day which was an unlocked room open to anyone with a large sign warning us that we left our cases at our own risk.So how do I summarise our views on the Hotel, with great difficulty without using many expletives. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and would strongly advise anyone to stay well clear of this establishment and any others associated with it.	
Sep 19 2006	Huge Room By London Standards	A great location - just across from the South Ken tube station - just one stop to Knightsbridge, two from Hyde Park and four for Piccadilly.My room (208) was massive - I've never had such a huge room in London before! The room had bunk beds in the entrance area then a queen bed in the main room - along with chaise-longue, dressing table cheval mirror, a couple of armchairs, tea and coffee facilities, hair-dryer and the obligatory all-important Corby Trouser press (!).No iron/ironing board.I had floor to ceiling (pretty much) windows/patio doors that opened out onto a balcony/ledge, so it was nice to get some fresh air - I couldn't see that the room had air-con, but they had supplied a desk-fan, so not all bad (but I guess in those hot July days, it would have been unbearable).For £79 with breakfast - all's not bad in my opinion.	
Jun 26 2006	Can't complain at all	Since we cannot afford a $500 or $600/night hotel, we had very low expectations. We were however pleasantly suprised by this hotel. The room was not the biggest, but that's to be expected. However, it was clean and actually had air conditioning. Breakfast was included and was actually good. The best thing about this hotel is it's location. The South Kensington tube station (which is a stop for the circle, central and picadilly lines) is maybe 200 feet (if that) from the front door. The &quot;Victoria and Albert&quot; and Natural History museums are just a 5-10 minute walk away. Don't be afraid to book this hotel.	
Jun 17 2006	Just Okay	The room we had was large enough and could have been really nice with some upgraded furnishings - and a new bed. The bed was not comfortable. Had a mattress that felt like a bad sofabed mattress. We also had trouble getting cold water in the sink. Both faucets ran hot, and you had to mess around with them to get any cold at all. The room had a pot for heating water so you could make instant coffee or tea, but it didn't work. The breakfast downstairs provided lots of choices but nothing much that tasted good. We decided the cold cereal and canned fruit was the best. Good enough for the budget traveler maybe, but not where I'd stay again.	
Jun 8 2006	Never ever again!	I have to completely agree with Andrew (see previous posting). My husband and I were also give Room 518. The duct tape is still holding the carpet down and the water temperature can not be regulated while taking a shower. Beware: if arriving via a personally driven car, there is absolutely no place to move off the busy street to unload luggage. When we asked about the car park, we were handed a card which indicated a car park &quot;somewhere.&quot; When I asked where the hotel was in relation to the car park, I was told &quot;you park there.&quot; After three more attempts to obtain directional assistance from front desk personnel, we just gave up and turned the car back in to the rental agency. Upon arrival in our room, it was very hot. The temp had gone up and the air conditioning would not turn on. I called for maintenance and the maintenance man said he would have to bring us a fan since the A/C on the 5th floor did not work. The front desk told me that they had now turned on the hotel's air and once a room had cooled down, they would relocate us. After four hours and no phone call from the front desk, I found out that the entire hotel was without A/C and no hope of getting A/C in the foreseeable future. Summer was on us and they apparently had not checked out the system(s). Breakfast was OK - just as anticipated. Elevators act as though they are on their last leg. Hotel could be nice but it has been 20 years since renovation and it really needs help. We would have moved to another hotel, but could not find an available room nearby on such short notice. Advice: Run in the opposite direction of this hotel. We paid for a room with A/C and never got it. No offer of adjustment to our bill because hotel could not deliver what was advertised.	
May 26 2006 	Only for the desperate- slightly better than a park bench	OK i know some will think that i have unreal expectations... Without any emotive language i can summarise as saying that if anything could go wrong the this is the hotel to get it wrong! I booked and paid for 2 rooms through an agent. When we arrived late at night they has let one of the rooms to another person. Initially they claimed i had only booked one room until they checked the paperwork. discovering the error my colleage was moved to another hotel No manager was available after 9 in the evening and despite being told that they would be in by 8 in the morning by 9 there was still no sign. On the first morning the fire alarm went off at 6-30 in the morning...it was ignored by staff - luckily there was no fire. The shower had no thermostatic control so it alternated between scalding and freezing- no amount of adjusting taps made any difference. Breakfast was indifferent and unimaginative but similar to many such places. The room i occupied - 518 had ripped carpets held together by tape, the base of the bed had been ripped, the material just hanging but it was comfortable enough. Second night we had sorted out the second room but we had a small amount of stress on returning to the hotel as the receptionist had lost the reservation on the computer but it was sorted out. The second room my colleague had was in much better shape- in fact ok except where they had put the shower meant you had to crouch as it was in the corner of a sloping roof. Only stay there if you have too!	
May 5 2006	SUPER HOTEL!!	i think all the people that want to go to this hotel or already booked it, made the right decision.when i read the reviews i was really scared actually, i mean if there are grease marks on your pillow and mould everywhere you get quite frightened.But i came there with very low expectations, and it was WONDERFUL!the service was brilliant, friendly, quick and very helpfull!the room was really big with great big soft beds. ( we had a triple room 2 c, 1 a)so there was a bunkbed, and one queensize bed. it was really quiet not a sound at all!the shower was perfect, the bathroom too, except for one or two small cracks in the tiles.we had a big closet, a coffee and tea maker, a big tv screen etc. everything was excactly what it said it would be.and most important it was very clean!!!also the gym and spa are free, very very nice, the gym equipment is very modern!and you get a breakdast buffet, really nice!!!so it is a bargain , and i don't know what the people who wrote the other bad reviews are used to, maybe the deluxe hilton, ofcourse this hotel is a bit old, but it is really cosy!and second of all, people who had a bad experience only write a review, the ones who did had a hell of a time don't!!so really no need for worrying, and if you want to be sure of a good room, just ask for room 204 ( 1 queen, 1 bunk)bye!	
Mar 29 2006	Old and Very Tired Hotel	We happened across this hotel through a booking agent and thought it would be ok, good location etc. When arriving at the hotel the staff were very friendly and helpful, at first glance we thought it looked really nice.The room was a massive dissapointment, in desparate need of a good clean and a refit, the amenities were not good and generally just looked old. The bathroom didn't get any better, the window couldn't be opened as it had rotted away due to the water and steam from the shower, there was mould and mildew growing up the walls and general again needed a good clean.The shower was an experience in itself, not only was it like getting washed under a hosepipe you also had to keep stepping in and out as the water temperature changed constantly!!In general I would aviod this hotel until it has undergone a revamp, staff a friendly but this doesn't make up for the state of the rooms.	
Mar 22 2006	Nice Friendly Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night last weekend. At £79 a room with a box of choclates and a bottle of red wine thrown, it seemed like a real bargain! I read some of the reviews here before departing and become a bit concerned! I needn't have worried. The staff were friendly and welcoming, the room very large and comfortable and the breakfast ok! The hotel is situated in the very nice area of South Kensington so it's ideal for Hyde Park and The Natural History Museum! I would stay here again, even without the chocolates and wine!	
Feb 19 2006	health hazard	reasonably priced place. You will think you are getting a bargin - but don't be tempted! The room was mouldy, the central heating did not work, the mattress was stained and brown, and the shower squirted out at all angles, flooding the bathroom and almost causing an accident on the water soaked floor! they could not move us that night. in the morning they said we could leave our luggage downstairs and come back later for a standard room that would be vacated. We wanted a shower! To be fair, they then moved us to an 'executive' room. This was ok, nice big victorian room, warm with a big bed. However, the loo seat was broken, and the shower only got to luke warm at best. On our last night the TV blew up and all the electric appliances stopped working. We did make it to breakfast, be warned. We work in a prison and noticed that some of the suppliers used by the hotel must be the same. All we can say is do not eat the margarine! Even our 'guests' wont eat it! Stay at this hotel at your peril. If you must, make sure you are near a fire exit!!!!	
Jan 31 2006	Not as bad as expected	I booked to stay here through a travel website before I read the reviews. I chose it because of its location across the road from South Kensington tube and the fact it was walking distance from the museums and Kensington Palace. My partner and I arrived at the hotel around 11am. I had taken with us the print out of our booking confirmation which was a good thing as to start with they couldn't find my booking. But the lady on reception was very helpful and apologetic and after a quick phone call my booking was sorted. So only had to wait about 10 minutes. She explained the room wouldn't be ready until 2pm as that was check in time but we were aware of that anyway. So we left our luggage in the left luggage room which was kept unlocked so anyone could go in there. But I had used a combination lock on the suitcase after reading the reviews about this facility! We decided to go to Kensington Palace first and this was probably about a 20 minute walk. After visiting here we were able to check into our room, so we had a freshen up bath before going out for the evening. We weren't expecting a spa bath so although a little disappointed when that part didn't work we didn't make a big fuss as we hadn't asked for it. The room itself was clean, roomy and perfect for the one night we were staying. However the labels on everything are still Moat House ones so that needs to be changed. We ran out of tea and coffee as the supply hadn't been topped up but the night receptionist soon got those for us. Had no problems with the shower the next morning. Like a previous poster, the tea was cold by the time we got down to breakfast but a fresh pot was soon made for us. The continental buffet breakfast was more than sufficient we found. As we weren't leaving London until later that day we were able to leave our luggage again after checking out. This time it was a day that the concierge was in, so we had to sign for our luggage to be left.Overall this hotel was not as bad as expected and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 20 2006	Needs a Refurb!!! Rip off!!!!	I booked this through Expedia for £79 advertised as a 3 Star. We took this deal over the phone as we were returning from Milan and wanted to go shopping in London before returning home.Our room was very big.It had a plug in radiator to heat the whole room which did NOTHING!!!The bathroom window was taped up with DUCKTAPE!!!!!The floor was so slippery in the bathroom when wet it was a HAZARD!!! The floor level in the bedroom was so slanted that the dressing table was actually tilted!!!This hotel is very dated and needs a Re-fit!!For an extra £20 you can stay in 5 Star luxury in Mayfair so this was an absolute rip off!!!!	
Jan 9 2006	Good Hotel for the not so picky	I saw all of the negative reviews and was worried that I had wasted my money. I reserved two rooms for my family and can say that our experiance was pretty good. Staff was very friendly, rooms were comfortable. One had two twin type beds and the other had a queen size bed plus bunkbeds in a small but seperate room. Yes the water was tricky to figure out but after the first shower you learn pretty fast. About the only downer for me was the pillows that should have been retired years ago. Otherwise this is a good hotel located in a very good area. I would stay here again.	
Jan 4 2006 	Desperate Travellers Only!	Prior to Christmas 2005 I spent a forgettable 5 nights at this hotel. Initially reception staff(later identified as the hotel manager) were very pleasant however this was soon to change when I asked that problems I was incurring be corrected. The double room was small but clean though at times incredibly stuffy.The most dangerous aspect of this trip was that on trying to use the shower what was initially temperate water became hot and boiling - the only saving factor from significant burns being that immediatly following was freezing cold water. I spoke to reception regarding this and was told that there was a problem with the boiler that was being fixed. On day two the same problem however the man at reception had no knowledge of a broken boiler but suggested to me that as there was a bath in the unit I should use that! This problem was never corrected and I along with others that were complaining at reception were treated with total disdain - we were fortunate that we were allowed to stay there appeared to be the atttitude!Continental Breakfast - inclusive in my room price - was an interesting problem. Pots of tea are made all at one time at the start of the morning so become significantly cold. When I asked fro a hot cup of tea this was never produced. A full English breakfast was advertised on all tables however on enquiring on 2 days I was told there was no cook available so I didn't try again. Breakfast content varied - on some days cheese and meat, others cheese or meat only and again others neither.Tablecloths were not changed daily - obvious by the fact that I had spilt tea on one day and made the mistake of sitting at the same dirty table the next day.I was in London for a business trip and so was anticipating that I would receive messages pertaining to my meeting times etc. I constantly checked the message system on the TV and on two occassions asked at reception for faxes or messages.Always there were none. Imagine my surprise therfore when I was checking out to be asked if I had received my messages! Further investigation informed me that they had arrived 3 days earlier and maybe the TV system is broken. This of course doesn't explain why the receptionist could never find them.It certainly explained why the person I was due to meet never arrived!This is a beautiful old hotel that could so easily be a delight to stay in but with the attitude of staff and the ongoing problems one would have to be desperate to stay there again.	
Dec 23 2005 	dreadful hotel	I chose to stay in this hotel as it fitted my criteria of being close to a tube station on the picadilly line(easy access to and from the airport). Bad mistake!! Although it looked nice in the photos, the room I had was small, dark and depressing, with very dated decor.The toilet would not stop flushing, there was no instructions on how to use the phone or the television, the remote had no markings, which made it's use impossible, but worst of all - when I got in the shower the water would send out blasts of boiling hot water every 30 seconds or so. My friend who was there with me in a different room had the same problem, but her shower was over the bath, so when she jumped out of the way of the hot blast, she slipped in the bath and fell.When I complained about this at checkout they didn't really seem to care.The only good point of this hotel other than it's convenient location was the breakfast, which was of a good standard compared to other London hotels I have stayed in.My advice would be - find somewhere else!!!	
Oct 24 2005 	Simply Appaling	Our most appaling hotel experience ever. The management and staff of this hotel clearly believe their function is to give orders to guests and make sure guests abide by rules that suit the management rather than guests. This is a run down, tired hotel which obviously had no money spent on it in decades. The management and staff are all foreign and have an attitude that they are doing guests a favour by allowing them to stay in their hotel.Rooms are falling apart - both bath taps fell right off on the first touch. There is a very fancy air con facility that to best of staff knowledge has never worked. Restuarant staff are friendly but never managed to get a single order right first time.Beware those guests who change their dates and advise the Hotel in advance. Twice we witnessed harrassed guests at the reception counter being told that the hotel had never received the notification and the guests would be charged for their original dates. (These are only two examples of many arguments witnessed at reception) In both cases the guests produced proof of their mails. In one case the manageress said she would charge the guest credit card (which had already been swiped for authorisation) anyway as she was sure the mail had never been received. Room key cards are always only valid for a day and you will have to get your card 'renewed' at reception every day. The concierge handles the reception duty most of the time and can be relied upon to inform you that he is doing you a favour by serving you as it is not his job.Management attitude can be best described as 'policing' Customer service is not part of their remit. I only wish we had read the reviews on this site before choosing this hotel. What a disaster - you have been warned!	
Oct 18 2005	good value excellent position	We stayed for a weekend and found the hotel to be pleasant and very good value for money. The position is ideal for sightseeing - very near to South Ken Underground, 5 minutes walk from the Science Museum and V &amp; A, 10 minutes from Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park.Staff were pleasant, our room and bathroom were clean and cheerful, the bed was large and comfortable. the shower was fine. No problems at all and very good at £69 for two in Central London. We'll return.	
Sep 23 2005	Hotel from hell! Never ever again!!!!	I am an American tourist visiting London for the first time. We were all really excited about our visit but this very quickly turned into a nightmare. First of all we checked into a four star hotel booked through hotels. called the Grosvenor Kensington Hotel. We were surprised when the taxi-driver who had been driving for 20 years did not even know the hotel or its location. Finally, we found the hotel and from the outside, it looked quite nice. My friend and I had a lot of luggage and, upon arrival, went to the front desk for assistance and asked for a bell boy. The girl at the desk told us that she was the only person on duty and that we would have to bring in our own luggage. After a struggle up eight steps to get to the lobby, we were totally exhausted. We found the elevator which was so small that we had to take four trips to get the luggage to our hotel room. Exhausted and frustrated we put the security key into the door only to find that the electronic lock would not open. Once again, we returned to the front desk in order to have to card activated. Finally we got into our room only to find that the hotel room did not compare with the photographs that advertised the hotel and its facilities. The bed-spreads and the curtains totally clashed - they definitely needed a new interior designer! We decided to take a shower only to find that it would not shut off. Finally we got it closed off. Going to bed was another nightmare. The supposed fluffy pillows were as flat as pancakes. We called reception and asked to two pillows to be sent up and she asked me to come downstairs and collect them myself. But being exhausted from the journey to London and the escapade getting luggage up the stairs, we declined.  The first morning we thought we would start the day off early and, in an American tradition, wanted to have a cup of freshly brewed coffee. At 6:55 a.m. we made our way to the breakfast room only to find that it was locked and that there was no member of staff in sight - and we certainly didn't smell any coffee brewing! Disgusted with the whole ordeal, we decided to eat out. When we returned later that evening, after a very tiring guided tour of the city, we decided to go to our room - still no pillows - and the room was very hot. I decided to make some fresh tea as there were cups and an electric kettle there. There was no water, no milk and no refrigerator for milk. I really wanted a cup of tea and took a short trip to the local grocery store in order to buy tea supplies including bottle water. I returned to the hotel and put water in the kettle only to find there was no plug socket to plug the kettle into. I finally ended up boiling the kettle ont op of the TV set. The next evening we returned early in order to rest because we were going to have an early start the next day. The room was very hot. We called reception because we couldn;t open the window and there seemed to be no air conditioning unit or switch. We kindly asked if they could send us up a fan only to be told that they didn't have one. After an hour, we called downstairs to ask how we could rent a movie on the TV as the channels were very limited - only four stations! The reception apologised and let us know that it was broken. On the morning of our final departure, again we called for help with our baggage and again the girl told us that she was the only one on duty. The funny thing was that the hotel had the audacity to leave a comment card by our bedside and that it why we are writing to you. We couldn't recommend this hotel to ANYONE - this was supposed to be a four star hotel! I wouldn't even rate this hotel a one star! During our visit, many of the other guests were complaining to reception so we are not the only guests to have felt this way.	
Sep 16 2005 	Worst hotel experience ever .. what a ripoff!!	We decided to stay at the Grosvenor hotel based on customer reviews, some of the polished photos you see and the huge price drop they claimed to have through 'HotelClub'. Apparently they were one of the recommended hotels indicating their full rate as £248 per night for a double whereas the offer gave us a rate of £69 per night plus breakfast. Sounds great, doesn't it? And another thing they were classified as a 4 star hotel. Upon arrival (around 12:30pm) we were told to wait until 2pm because that's when they do their check-in. We asked what to do with our luggage and they directed us to a room in which we were supposed to stash our bags until 2 - no valueables should by left because everyone can go into that room, nobody checks if you're taking your bags or someone else's.Don't expect anyone to carry your bags they don't do that - surprising for a 4 star as they claim to be. After arriving in our destined bedroom we found that we had room for 4 people - one double bed and one bunkbed. The size was ok but the shape was awkward, very basic and shabby - to be fair they did try to be clean but I thought their efforts weren't good enough. It was a warm day so after looking for air-conditioning (there is none) we opened one of the two windows, but we couldn't get a draft since the other window was blocked by the bunkbed. In the evening we enquired about room-service and the inhouse restaurant and found out that they only do breakfast and there is no room-service, we were advised to shop at a nearby shop that's open 24 hours for our food supplies unless we wanted a restaurant. So got some basics from the store and were stuck because there is no fridge to put them in. By the way did I mention that the remote control didn't work? And there are only the 5 basic channels in addition to one blurred payperview channel.The first night went by and it was fine, we decided to go down for breakfast first and then shower but found that there was no shampoo in the bathroom so we planned another trip to the store after breakfast. The bathroom was a good size but had cracked tiles and the toilet constantly flushed on its own, but the shower that is the jewel in the crown. I adjusted the water temperature before I turned on the shower and only found that it dripped down the wall. The only way I could get enough pressure was by increasing the hot water to the point where I burn my skin. I decided to give up on that and started to fill the small glass with water and shower in this way- very third world! We had some plans so went out. When we came back we requested a change of room because of the shower. We were asked if the room was cleaned or not. If it wasn't then we wouldn't be able to do so. We went up to check only to find that the key card didn't open the door. We went down and found lots of people with the same problem. (this will happen everyday) The receptionist renewed the key's code and we went up. I called him to say that the room was clean and he asked me to come down to collect two keys for two rooms (great service) he asked us to check those two rooms and decide which one we wanted. The first one was directed to the back and was extremely noisy because there was a school at the back. And the other was directed to the main street but at least the water pressure was right. We decided to take this one. So I had to return the other key and we went about gathering our belongings and carrying them up to the new room. In the evening we opened the window to get some air – the room was stuffy. That night was one of the worst I experienced. We closed the window because of the noise from the street, traffic doesn’t stop ever with busses and taxis constantly on the go. This meant that we were suffocating with the heat. We got up for a cold shower twice just to cool down but it wasn’t enough. We eventually opened the window but we couldn’t sleep. When we left the hotel that morning we asked for a fan and the receptionist told us that he will check if they still have any. When we returned in the evening he told us that he didn’t find any. The outrageous thing was that they only owned 10 fans and they were all used by other guests! How can a hotel this big with no air-conditioning have only 10 fans? How did we sleep that night? Barely. We bought some ice and I started putting ice cubes in the bed to cool us down, we decided to take the noise from the street and sprayed ourselves constantly with water.Now lets get back to cleanliness, although our sheets were changed everyday the pillowcases had grease marks on them, not small insignificant ones but big blotches. I used another pillow for one night hoping to get a clean one tomorrow but we got more dirty ones. You might also want to check out the head boards. They are wooden so can be wiped easily but they actually had a thick layer of grime on them. Yuck.Never again with I stay there. I don’t recommend that anyone else does either. Everything I wrote is the truth, so judge for yourself.	
Sep 9 2005	very happy of my stay	I'm very happy of my stay in this hotel. We had a spacious room (I had never got a room like that), the personnel was very pleasant. The price was very reasonable for this type of room. Next time, I will stay in the same hotel!!!	
Aug 27 2005	It Was Just ok	We arrived in London after a long flight from Tampa, Florida..we could not check in until 2p.m. so were allowed to store our baggage in a holding room (not locked..anyone could have taken anything). We had to walk around for several hours until we could get in the room The room was just adequate..clean..no air!!! very small...the coffee pot which is just a pot that heats hot water did not work..we called about this and it was never replaced or fixed. The door knob in the bathroom kept coming off. They have a complimentary breakfast which we found was not included in the cost of our room but we were offered coffee or tea in the dining area because of our inconvenience. We both agreed that we would not stay here again...at a cost over $100 definitely not...when I think of the room we could have stayed in in the US for that money it is just amazing.	
Aug 10 2005	Deceptive advertising	I spent a week at this hotel and was very disappointed to discover that it did not have the ammenities that were advertised--most notably no AC or wash cloths. The Air conditioning, while actually in the room, was completely inoperable and it was unseasonably warm in London. The bar was nicely appointed but the seats were dirty and greasy and were in serious need of a good cleaning. The elevators were very shaky and bounced up and down dangerously. The front stoop, though marble, was cracked and the hand rail was falling off. The staff was most unco-operative unless you were spending money by booking additional services. They also had language deficiencies (could barely speak English). The location was superb and the maid service was above reproach but it definitely did not live up to its reputation and I am suspicious of the online service I used to book this hotel.	
Jul 18 2005	What you see is not what you get.	I stayed at the Grosvenor Kensington Hotel and did not get what i had paid for. Upon reviewing the hotels amenities online, i was pleased to book the room but upon arrival i quickly found out that my room did not come with what i had paid for, A/C, hairdryer, sofa bed, complementary newspaper, and CD player. And to top that all off, when I had asked for an extra pillow i was told that the hotel could not spare one. I asked if the hotel was fully booked to which they replied no and you cannot get a pillow from another room either. Let this be a lesson to those first time European travelers as i was when this trip was started. You do not always get what you paid for even if you booked through a legitimate company (---).Would i stay there again? NOWould i use that company to book my hotel again? NO i would not.	
Jul 5 2005 	Fine by me!	Maybe I'm easily pleased but it was plenty good enough for me, and at £79 a night (i paid for a single room but got a twin!) it was good value. Breakfast was fine, staff were ok, bedroom was a fair size and the bathroom, while old fashioned, had a spa bath. Lovely! Wasn't looking forward to staying there after reading the reviews here (it was only a business trip, mind), but gets the thumbs up from me...	
Jun 12 2005	Avoid this hotel	I regularly stay in London for 1/2 nights for both business and pleasure. I booked this hotel off the internet where it said it was 4* and that 'recently refurbished rooms offer all the comforts of fine living'. Turning up at the hotel which is in a great location for central London I was looking forward to my 'recently refurbished' room. On arrival I was allocated a room which was tatty, grubby, did not have proper bedding and had not seen a lick of paint for years. It was so bad I never even went into the bathroom.My wife went hot foot down to reception (now my wife is not one for compaining - she usually leaves that to me - so this shows how bad it was) and complained that this was not a 4* hotel and we refused to take the room. After discussion with reception and the manager we were give a crown room which also had not been refurbished curtains but was not quite bad enough to compain about. If the bathroon had been in a house it is the sort of thing that an estate agent would have described as 'in need of morenisation'. It was not clear from what the staff said as to whether some of the hotel had been refurbished or that the refurbishment was still to start - but I did not get the impression that we were the first to complain. They certainly knew the web site was wrong and blamed the new company which had bought it.Places like this give the star rating system a bad name. Go elsewhere. There as some good hotels in London - this is not one of them.	
May 14 2005	Good Location. ..and that's about it.	Yeah, it's very close to the tube, so if you are flying into Heathrow and want to save a million dollars on cabfare, this would be convenient. However, words couldn't describe just how small our room was. There was an ~ 11/2 foot circumference surrounding the bed (a double) and that was it. It was old, stuffy, and dirt cheap. If you need thrifty, I suppose it'll do. If you are on a nice vacation, you won't be spoiling yourself by staying here. Oh, and shower before you come to the Grosvenor because chances are good that you'll end up with a third degree burn or else a serious case of hyperthermia. Skip it.	
May 6 2005 	it's a dump	Even considering that the rates are very competitive for a London hotel, I still would call this hotel a dump, and not worth the money. It's really too bad because it originally must have had the amenity to call it a 4 star hotel. It is so poorly kept, and seeing how they try to keep the lobby and hallways impressive, you wonder whether they are trying to con you. The lace curtains had holes in it, the door knob in the bathroom came off whenever I tried to open it, and the shower head was grimy. The cab driver told me that the hotel changed names three times in the past few years which should tell you something, and the receptionist who was actually courteous and helpful told me that the hotel had recently been sold to a Spanish company. Let's hope the new owners try to do something about it, since the current owners apparently have no such intention. Don't stay here.	
Apr 9 2005	Ugly hotel	Dont go there!! the hotel is scary dark and smelly, I gave it 2 stars only for the great location, I dont know how they got 4 stars!! 2 stars is high for a hotel like that.	
Apr 1 2005	inferior room with the booking through Hotels.com	Because of the booking through Hotels, we were assigned an inferior room facing Harrington Avenue. The Confidential Bar across the street from the hotel was so noisy on Friday nights until 4 am, we hardly had any sleep that night. I asked to see a more quiet room, was shown couple nicer rooms on the quiet side of the hotel. I decided not to move since the clerk asked that we pay an extra 50 pounds per night for the change.	
Mar 30 2005	good location for tube service	We were in London 3/12-22/05 and stayed at this hotel for the first 3 nights of our stay. The hotel is within a short block of the South Kensington tube station so the location is very good for getting around London. We landed at Gatwick and took the express to Victoria train station and then hopped on the tube to South Kensington station. From there we walked across the street and there the hotel was. The hotel lobby and hallways were very nicely decorated (at least the first 2 floors we saw were) and until you got into the rooms you thought you were in a very nice smaller hotel. We arrived about noon and were able to leave our bags in a little room until we could actually check in a little later. The hotel staff we dealt with were extremely nice and helpful so we had no complaints there. There is free internet access in the little tv room off the reception area that was great to have. This was most definitely not a 4 star by US standards, more like a fancy low priced hotel chain. We were in room 201 to begin with, it was very small (like a childs small bedroom) and old looking, the bathroom was big compared to the size of the bedroom but also very old. At first I did not think the toilet had much pressure but then realized you had to pump the handle to flush it more than once in a roll. The tub was good sized but the water ran hot and cold so you had to watch it as it was running. There was about 1-2 feet on each side of the bed to the wall, there was probably about 3 feet to the door and then this narrow little hallway to a desk where you could plug in your hairdryer and have a mirror to look in as your dried your hair. The plug in the bathroom for my hairdryer would not work, but the main problem with this room was the door lock did not work so you could not lock the door when you went out. If you were in the room you could use the chain but you had no lock if you went out. We notified the front desk right away and they were very nice about coming up to fix it, and promised to not leave it unlocked so we went to dinner. When we returned it was locked but the minute we unlocked it it wouldn't lock again. We called them again and there was nothing they could do that night so we had to lock it with the chain only. We did tell them we could not stay in a room that did not lock and wanted to be moved the next day. They did move us with no problem to another room and gave us a free European breakfast for our 3 mornings we were staying. When we went out the next morning we packed up and left our stuff again in the little room downstairs while they found us a new room that 2nd day. We were moved to room 205 which was a lot bigger room (both rooms were on their 2nd floor, our 3rd floor in US) and a lot bigger bath room. Both the new room and bathroom were more modern and a lot bigger than the first one. We most definitly liked room 205 better than 201 and if given a choice would always chose this one over first. We paid $120 per night (---) which was really to high for what we got especially the first room (more like $60-$75 room), the 2nd I would rate at $80-$90 range. I would not pay for the breakfast considering the pound is worth $2.00 in US. I heard someone say the breakfast was 10 pounds (or $20 US) which was way too much for what they offered, go to McDonalds and have an egg mcmuffin, it's cheaper) but if it's in your room cost then it was a great deal. Where our two rooms were located we did not hear any noise from the outside so noise was not a problem for us. If you don't have alot of money to spend this was a good hotel to stay in, it was clean, the help was very nice and helpful, the breakfast was good (if included in your room cost otherwise too expensive), we felt safe there, the location was very good both to the tube and walking around. We would stay here again if we were going on a budget but if I go again I am not going on a budget so I will stay in a little bit more upscale hotel but our experience was not bad at all with this hotel and I would not have a probelm recommending it to someone but would tell them the above info. I read the reviews on this website of this hotel so was not expecting a 4 star hotel by any means but was a little curious about what we would find. The hotel was fine.	
Mar 27 2005	Not 4 Stars through quality of rooms.	I actually live in cambridge about an hour north of London. So I suppose I could be considered a semi tourist, visiting for the weekend over the easter break.  The first thing I must say is as soon as I walked in to the room I did not think that it was a 4 star hotel. The shower was extremely temperamental (going from hot to cold without warning), the wallpaper was peeling off the wall and the window frame had rotted away leaving a hole which had been quickly and poorly painted over. The noise from outside was terrible, although it is London so I guess I should let it off for that.  This said, I did not spend alot of time in the hotel which was probably for the best really. It is in a great position which is definitely the best thing going for it.  Look around before deciding on this hotel.	
Mar 11 2005	Staff attentive ; room needed updating; bonkers shower	I have to say that the staff were helpful and on the three occasions we had to ring reception, our request was dealt with courteously and promptly. What a shame the rooms are a bit of a let down. We paid £215 for a triple room for 2 nights which I appreciate is not a huge amount for London but given that it is supposedly four star, I expected a bit more. Everyone is right about the shower - I have a burnt bum to prove it! Also, ours was so stiff we couldnt turn it off and just had to leave it until the maid came. There was gaffer tape around the shower head which had a bit missing so part of the spray seemed to spit right in your eye! It all looks like it could do with a deep clean. There is no mini bar which was a surprise and the only plugs are behind the TV and under the desk which is a bit odd given there is a kettle in the room. Speaking of the kettle. it had something flaking off the element which looked ropey. Our room overlooked the street which was a bit noisy with people visiting the takeaway late at night. It is in a great location though - the tube is literally one minutes walk away. Theres a shop there that sells doughnuts as big as doorstops! We didnt have the breakfast so I cant tell you about that. I appreciate London hotels are pricey so I wont say this one is shocking but it doesnt deserve 4 stars. If youre going as a couple, stay at the Sherlock Holmes hotel on Baker Street (bakerloo line) instead which is divine and is about £95 per room per night through expedia although the hotel does specials on its website. The only reason we didnt stay there this time is there were three of us and the SH dont do triples. If theres a few of you and youre not overly fussy, the GK might be fine.	
Mar 9 2005	Comfortable	This hotel is perfect if you are not looking to get killed on the exchange rates as other hotels in London can be expensive for those of us paying in USD.The room was comfortable, albeit severely dated. On first day the bathroom doorknob came right off...more hysterical then aggravating. Remember European hotel standards differ from American.PROS:- Easy access to S. Kensington Tube, on Piccadilly line with stops through most of touristy central london, very little transfers unless going north or south. Straightshot from Heathrow (Piccadilly Line)- Explore, the streets around hotel are loaded with restaurants, grocers, and pubs. Harrods and HighStreet-Kensington are less then 20 minute walk as well as Hyde Park and Museums- Bed was comfortable, was able to check in early (noon), quiet, staff was nice and pleasant.- One internet kiosk for checking email and surfing web (free). There was also another network cable (RJ-45) for connecting a laptop and we were able to link to a wireless network, but unsure this is offered from hotel or were piggy backing off of someone else's signal.CONS:- Dated. The room needs renovation.- I agree with the latest reviews, the water pressure is good, but temp control is non existent. Once you find the temp you want, that temp would cycle to scolding hot and then back to the temp you selected, almost on a 90 second rotation. Made showering challenging and interesting. Especially if you forget after a night of drinking.- When the staff cleans the room, the towels were not changed they just folded the same towels and hung them up for you. Not necessarily nice if you are there longer then a long weekend.- While most of the staff is pleasant, one bloke was not, and you will know him as soon as you see him and talk to him. He would rather be anywhere else then talking to you or working.Summary:You get what you pay for. It was nice and cozy for a budget hotel. But if you are in London to visit and holiday, you are really only using your room to sleep and clean up in. For that this hotel is perfect for budget travellers.I would recommend.	
Mar 5 2005	Grosvenor OK	Our family of 4 just returned from our 1st visit to London. We stayed at the Grosvenor based on it's close proximity to the S. Kensington tube station. The location was great with the tube just around the corner. It is also very close to the Natural History, Science and Victoria &amp; Albert museums. There are some little restaurants in the area too. The hotel itself was fine. We had a family room which consisted of a very small entrance room with a closet &amp; bunkbeds for the kids and then an nice large room with queen sized bed. The condition of the room was fine other than the bedding which was old along with the mattress (springs were easily felt). The bathroom looked refurbished, but the ceiling leaked from above and the shower was deadly. My daughter even tried trying to shower the first day. The water temperature was unreliable and different each day. It took 10-20 minutes trying to get it acceptable to hop in &amp; then it went from scalding to cold. Our room faced the road on the 3rd floor and it was quite noisy. As for the staff, most did not speak English well at all. The breakfast room staff was not friendly and barely spoke English. The continental breakfast was OK with cold cereal, juice, yogurt and some canned fruit. There is only one small lift that works and no one to help with luggage at all. They don't even offer. All in all, I would recomend for the location and room size.	
Mar 5 2005	Great Location nice little place	We stayed at this hotel for a week in July 2003 when it was called Kensington Moat House. The location is ideal for beating jet lag, we found. We took an overnight flight from JFK and landed around 8am. It was very simple to just hop on the Tube at Heathrow and get to our hotel (it's only a few steps from the South Kensington Tube stop). The front desk allowed us to check in early and drop off our bags. Although we were exhausted, we knew we had to stay up all day. The area around the hotel is great for walking around. The Natural History Museum is close by as well as Victoria and Albert Museum. Also, there are great restaurants and pubs and shops and even a few clubs around the neighborhood.The hotel itself is OK. The rooms are a little small, but adequate. They are nice though. We had a small issue with noise and temperature control in the room. There was no air conditioning, as with most hotel rooms in London. Since it was late July, it was a little warm at night. We would open up the window, but our room overlooked Harrington St on the 3rd floor. Although the road is one way, it is a major vessel for busses and trucks, even late at night. So noise was a concern while the windows were open. The breakfast was good and had plenty to choose from. The staff was great. In fact, one night, the night manager let us stay in the lobby with some friends we had met drinking all night long. The bar closed at 11pm and he dutifully fetched us drinks all night after it closed.All in all, the hotel is pretty average, but the ideal location makes it above average. It worked very well for us for a whole week.	
Mar 4 2005	What do you want for short money?	As previously noted this hotel is in a great location. Our room was large by European standards. The hotel has an exercise room, elevator, free internet and brealfast room. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. Our big problem was the shower. The water temperature would fluctuate from hot to boiling hot, and the water pressure could do damage to most mortals. The staff was cooperative and friendly. This is not the Ritz, but you are not paying for the Ritz.	
Feb 6 2005	Great location for an average hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Grosvenor Kensington for 4 nights. We took the tube from Heathrow and the hotel was only a few steps from the exit. The outside of the hotel was beautiful so we were hoping the same of the inside. Unfortunately the indside didn't live up the exterior. When went to our room we almost didn’t make it because the elevator was so rickety. We took the steps the rest of the time. The room itself was very worn and hadn't been updated in a while. The carpet was coming up in one of the corners leading to the bathroom, and the bathroom had a similar worn feel. The water temperature in the shower was hit and miss and way the shower curtain hung, water got all over the bathroom. There wasn’t much else to the room except a TV that got about 10 stations, but we didn’t spend much time in our room.The South Kensington neighborhood of the hotel was very nice and seemed safe. We had plenty of choices of restaurants and a couple pubs close by. Being just steps from the tube stop was a huge plus because this station connected to the Piccadilly line and the Circle/District line. 90% of the places we wanted to go to we could get to without even having to transfer making travel very quick and easy. The Grosvenor was a decent hotel, we booked through Expedia and thought the rate was very reasonable, and the location made it definitely worth it. If you are looking for a basic hotel to use as a place to be able to see the whole city from, I would recommend it.	
Dec 1 2004	Who Could Ask for Anything More ???	We arrived at the Grosvenor early on Tuesday, Nov. 23. We were greeting by a delighful staff who was more than happy to answer our questions ranging from location, to food, to money exchanging. Our room for three was clean and spacious (as was the bathroom). The hotel was in an outstanding location - safe, near tube stops, bus stops, and also offered nice walks to nearby sights. Each time we departed and arrived, the staff greeted us warmly, asking about our day, other destinations and offered suggestionswhen they could! I would happily look to stay here again - especially after they called to get us an early cab out the morning of our departure before the tube ever opened.	
Nov 23 2004	Grosvenor Kensington great location	I stayed at the Grosvenor Kensington as part of a Virgin Vacations package from November 9-15, 2004. I found the staff overall to be friendly and helpful. When my group arrived to check in, the hotel did not have our updated reservation and the hotel clerk was rather rude. Once he made a phone call to his manager, his demeanor changed and everything was okay. Our room was spacious but in desperate need of update as the furnishings were a little shabby. The bathroom was spacious and clean.  The location is the best part of this hotel as the tube is across the street. There is also an internet cafe across the street which is very reasonably priced. The Victoria and Albert Museum as well as the Natural History Museum is a very short walk away. I think that I would stay here again especially if the rooms were updated.	
Nov 19 2004	Would definitely stay here again	I am wondering if some of the people that have written reviews of this hotel have even stayed here. I stayed here for 5 nights as of Nov.5th and found a clean, nicely furnished and very pleasant hotel. I am usually picky and as a Product Manager of a tour operator tend to be harsh with properties. I was more than pleasantly suprised here. Are rooms small. Well, this is Europe isn't it?Stay here and you will find a bautiful small lobby, nice pub and very well looked after property with good efficeint staff. Plus, the location in South Kensignton can't be beat. Highly recommended and at a great price.	
Nov 2 2004	Not as Bad as everyone said	I read the reviews before I left for my trip on October 28th and I was expecting the worst. I booked this room through Gotoday.com and got the room, tour and transportation to and from airport for a great price. When we arrived the hotel staff was very friendly. There were three of us staying in one room and the first room they gave us was small so we asked to be moved and they did so with out even charging us. The room was clean and a great size. The room was located on the street side which made it a little loud but nothing unbearable that I wasn't able to sleep. They served standard european continetal breakfast fare -- Bread, fruit, ceral, juice, coffee or tea. The underground stop was at the end of the block - unbeatable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 12 2004 	If you want to know what to expect ask detailed questions before booking	Location fine for exploring, but stayed in twin room and beds were very small (length and width) and they moved away from the wall - where the head board was attached to. The jacuzzi in the bath not only didn't work, but all the plumbing was exposed and who know what germs were lurking inside. Forget posh toiletries here, only Dove dispensers on the wall in the bathroom, which if you do take a bath can't be reached. The loo is crammed between the wall and the bath. No shampoo or creams. Croissants for breakfast were awful, this is an area which is &quot;little france&quot; so they should have been able to get their hands on some good stuff! Kettles facilites, but coffee is instant muck. Overall, with the same level of diservice and noise you can get cheaper places to stay in london - for the rack rate price you expect better. I agree with the other comments that renovation is needed. Oh, and make sure you put the chain on the door if you don't want the cleaning staff bursting in at 9am.	
Sep 28 2004	Nice 	We stayed at the Grosvenor Kennsington in September 2004. The room was clean and small for american standards yet quite roomy for the price. It was clean and well kept. The front desk folks were not always the friendliest, but is was fashion week and they were very busy. The continental breakfast was good but not much variety and you had to pay extra for a hot breakfast. We had a small balcony with a view of a schoolyard. We really enjoyed our stay and would stay there again. It is very convenient to the Underground as well which makes it very easy to get around London.	
Aug 16 2004	Disappointed with Grosvenor Kensington		
Jul 30 2004	Excellent Location So-So Hotel		
Jul 12 2004	Girly weekend		
Apr 27 2004	Formidable hotel		
Apr 21 2004	Over rated		
Apr 2 2004	Good place		
Mar 29 2004	Great Location		
Mar 9 2004	Very pleasant stay		
Mar 5 2004	Disappointed		
Feb 19 2004	Great location but the hotel needs some work		
Oct 9 2009 	buon hotel confortevole con ottima posizione		
Oct 8 2009 	interessante rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Aug 19 2009 	Estupenda estancia		
Jul 27 2009 	No dudaría en volver!! Súper centrico!!!		
Jul 9 2009 	Il massimo per chi vuole vivere fino in fondo Londra e trovare un eccellente servizio al suo ritorno in albergo		
Jun 14 2009 	Es un poco caro dos noches 162 libras = 190 Euros		
May 3 2009 	Limpieza = Cero		
Nov 6 2008 	mah!		
Oct 4 2008 	??????????????????????????????		
Mar 12 2008 	stanze orrende....ma ottima colazione		
Feb 28 2008 	Qualité-prix imbattable		
Jan 5 2007 	Bof		
Sep 26 2006 	Horrible estancia en el Grosvenor!!!!..		
Jun 4 2006	que horror!!!!!		
May 9 2006	Una pena de hotel		
May 9 2006	Hotel prometedor pero poco cuidado		
