	Contemporary and clean comfy beds convenient location and knowledgeable staff	My husband and I spent three nights at the Andaz through redemption of my Hyatt Gold Passport points, and were very happy with our stay. We were offered coffee and tea upon our arrival. Our reservation was in order (we had requested an early check-in when we booked the room) and the non-traditional check-in process was relatively seamless and quick. We were earlier than our early check-in request, and they gave us the option to wait until the room-with-a-view we requested was ready or take a similar room that was ready but internally-facing - we took the ready, internally-facing room.We enjoyed the sleek styling of the lobby, and the traditional styling of the internal area between the hotel and the 1901 restaurant. The decor of our room was also sleek and contemporary, just a bit dark for our tastes as our windows looked internally into the hotel &quot;courtyard&quot; or atrium (which we knew ahead of time).The room was very clean, and the bed very comfortable. The bath was okay; the shower's water temp would fluctuate quite frequently and seemed to lose its heat as the shower progressed. Also, there were no regular outlets in the bathroom except for face shavers - they did provide a hairdryer and hideaway mirror vanity at the desk, but I'd prefer to have the option to dry my hair in the bathroom; my husband had to shave his head with his electric head shaver in the bedroom instead of the bath. We heard very, very little from our neighbors through the walls of our room; the noise we did hear was from the hallway - doors closing, the clinking of glasses/bottles from the housekeeping carts, etc. But it wasn't an overwhelming bother.Compared to the hotels I've stayed at in the U.S., turndown service here was pretty late in the evening - close to 9pm.We didn't use the workout facilities, but we did take a tour of them and were impressed. The gym was relatively spacious, with cardio equipment and weights. There was a steam room also, in addition to the treatment rooms associated with the spa.The staff we interacted with were all friendly and very helpful, providing information about food and attractions both in the local area and in other areas of London.We found the hotel conveniently located, right next to the Liverpool tube station and a short walk to the Spitalfields Market, St Paul's Cathedral, London Bridge, etc. What we didn't fully realize is that the area right around the hotel is mostly business-oriented, so some of the shops and eateries are not open later in the evening or on the weekends. We were doubly-surprised to hear that some of the Andaz's restaurants are also closed over the weekend (the sushi place and Catch). Their George pub was open on the weekend, and we enjoyed a pint there and the ambiance. On Friday evening, we had a late night dessert and coffee/tea at Andaz's Eastway - both the sticky toffee pudding and the banana dish were fantastic.We would definitely stay at the Andaz again for our next trip to London.	
	elegant hotel with very helpful staff. laid back feel.	Only spent 1 night at the andaz but thoroughly enjoyed our stay. From the moment we walk in it felt special, with a relaxed and speedy personnal check in process. The rooms were well appointed and with the added bonus of a free minibar consisting of water, juices and snacks was a welcome surprise. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean and tidy. we would recommend this hotel for a perfect stay in london	
Nov 22 2009 	Hip stylish very friendly food and drink quite expensive	Most things have been said about this hotel. It is very stylish, hip, cool but also has a very friendly atmosphere. Staff are really super caring and friendly - that is everyone from a cleaner you meet in the elevator to the check in staff. I loved the check in, very informal and efficient. I travelled with my 3 year old daughter and the staff called her by name during our stay.One small crib was that we could not get breakfast in the buffet room on a Sat morn about 9.40am - we would have to have waited 30 to 40mins. That was disappointing as we went into the A La carte breakfast room and while the service was great, I thought that the cost of the food was outrageous for what it was. But then this is London!All in all, a great hotel close to a major train / tube station. Absolutely perfect for anyone who needs to be in The City or East End of London.	
Nov 11 2009 	Spectacular service ambiance style attention to customers	I was impressed about everything, from innovative (and early) check in to my choice of eateries, price ranges, and personalization. I can't cite any one staff member because every Andaz staff member was outstanding. I feel like I stayed at the George or other expensive hotel--and yet, I saved money! The decor, free juice bar and chocolate covered hazelnuts, and access to the Net were just some of the special touches. The Andaz has it all and does it better than any other hotel in that price range. I shall return!	
Nov 10 2009 	Would stay there again location is great and service is super.	I booked this hotel over the internet as Hyatt members and seniors we got a great rate. I chose the hotel because of its proximity to the Liverpool St. Station. Our check in experience was smooth and the staff were welcoming. The room was a little small but clean and well equipped. It was obvious that this was an older hotel that had been extensively renovated. The hotel layout is interesting with open lifts running in an atrium. However the room was quiet and the bed was comfortable.We used the hotel as a base for some sightseeing in London. Very convenient location for this . We took a walk through &quot;The City&quot; to the Thames and Tower of London. The station made our other trips easy, including catching the train to the crusie ship terminal at Harwich.Throughout our stay, the staff was unfailingly pleasant. Check out went as smoothly as the check-in.	
Nov 10 2009 	A clean and austere place	The hotel is located near my company's London office and is very convenient to Liverpool Street Station - you can take the Underground and Heathrow Express easily to and from Heathrow. The check in is nice with employees with laptops coming right up to welcome you. I know it is London so you can expect a small room. The rooms are small, the bed was fine - not lumpy. Everything was clean. The room was depressingly austere though. It struck me as grey and lifeless. Nothing warm or welcoming. It became a clean cell that I just wanted to sleep in. The gym was fine with equipment in good shape and available. Information about the hotel and its services was not easy to locate - I couldn't even seem to get the tv to work properly. For business travel it is fine, but doesn't give much respite or cheer after a busy day.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent value and quality	Spent a very enjoyable weekend in London staying at the Andaz. The room was wonderful, the food in the Catch restaurant exquisite and the staff amazing. We had a wonderful time, lovely place to stay.	
Nov 5 2009 	Overpriced business hotel with central location	stayed at the Andaz as the Apex was full. got a nice upgraded room. Good Hyatt status recognition. Relatively expensive for the value. unconventional check-in/out is not the quickest. Fantastic location.	
Nov 1 2009 	Tremendous	Tremendous hotel, everything exudes professionalism. Provides everything one would expect from a hotel of this class.	
Oct 31 2009 	Fresh and convenient	The Andaz is a design-oriented hotel within Liverpool Street Station, conveniently located yet quiet. Rooms are simple but classy. Comfortable, good windows and aircon, nice colour scheme, good shower - all one needs for a weekend in town. There are a few loose cables here and there, but altogether rooms are a pleasure to stay in. The hotel appears quite anonymous, despite the much-lauded personalised check-in, and the lobby is rather dark and forbidding, leaving the guest with no idea of the pleasant communal areas behind the grey slate and concrete. I am not sure what they achieved with the refit, I much preferred the old COnran outfit for pure design, but for comfort and convenience look no further.	
Oct 24 2009 	stylish hotel	Great hotel, spacious room with lovely decor. Free mini bar in the room with juices and snack comes in handy. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is ideal with lots to do near by such as spitafields and we found a lovely dinner in hoxton a 5 min walk away. The facilities are excellent, there is a steam room with comfy bathrobes. Only a couple of negatives, the duvet was small, in comparison to the size of the bed, not long enough! I'm not sure the mobile check in works, it was busy when we checked out and the concept of a que went out of the window! An enjoyable stay nevetheless, i'd definately recommend it.	
Oct 22 2009 	Standard expected of a Hyatt	Great location, staff efficient but friendly. Made welcome, room was excellent and complimentary upgrade for anniversary much appreciated. It was comfortable, hospitable luxury! Would recommend	
Oct 18 2009 	Modern clean hotel great location.	First time being in the Liverpool St. area. There are so many shops/restaurants around the hotel and the tube is right there. However, you may want to ask directions when you get to the station, we went out the wrong exit and found it difficult that first time to find the hotel since there are quite a few ways to exit Liverpool St. station. The room was a good size for one person, I had a single bed, my friend a double but the room sizes were the same so hers was a little tight but other than that, we were really happy with the room. Nice desk, great flat screen tv. Mini fridge with lots of water and juice, replenished daily.	
Oct 15 2009 	Loud Water System -- But very solid London hotel	The Andaz Hyatt does a lot of things right. It's chic. I has a beautiful lounge area on the 1st floor that was always deserted at night -- I had a pleasant evening there one night with my laptop. There are many restaurants to choose from within the hotel -- loved 1901. Great service.The minibar is free, breakfast is included, and there are are two places you can plug in American power cords.Two complaints:#1 -- the pipes/water system is DEAFENING. It seems like whenever someone in the hotel flushes the toilet, the entire sink makes a massive sucking noise and the pipes sound like they're being rushed with water. it is REALLY LOUD.#2 There is no iron and ironing board. I've also stayed at the Waldorf Hilton, and they provide this, which is really nice for a business trip.	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonderful weekend	We stayed at this wonderful hotel for the weekend as we were going to a wedding. The welcome, the comfort and the total warmth of the staff were everything one could have wished. The room was large and comfortable and quite unique with a view across Liverpool Street Station. This could be off putting to some but I found it fascinating and no station noise entered the room at all. It's a five star hotel and it deserves to be.	
Oct 13 2009 	excellent hotel experiance ;o)	Great staff, great service. We chose Andaz due to location. Flying to/fm Stansted it was very comfortable to be located so close to Liverpool Street Station. We really enjoyed the Hospitality of the staff. We requested early check-in on arrival. No problem, we got our room at 10.00 - after a few minutes of refreshments and registration. Spacious rooms, nice bars and resturants. We let the sommerliers at 1901 guide us trough dinner with some excellent wines. Highly reccomendable. Thank you, Joris ;o)	
Oct 11 2009 	Terrible experience lost personal belongings	The hotel is located in a prime location with convenient London transportation network, but the services provided was totally unacceptable as a 5 star hotel or any star rated hotels for that matter. The booking system has serious problem and didnt confirm with you about the booking at any time. After I faxed and sent the email, the system shown that I have made 3 seperate bookings for my 6-day stay, which means I need to move around the rooms.There is a large function hall down on the 2nd floor, and rooms on third floor can clearly hear what is going on. The noise was annoying at night if there are parties going on.To my biggest shocking, I lost my face wash during my stay. Apparently the housekeeping attends checking thru all my belongs and decided to &quot;put away&quot; one of my facewash. Do not recommend.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Best Hotel in London	The Andaz is a one of a kind place! 6 restaurants, 2 bars, and service always with a smile! Amazing lobby! Rooms are huge with high ceilings big bathrooms and free minibar!! Tons of TV channels and the most confortable bed in the industry! Every time i go to London from now on i will stay at the Andaz!	
Oct 7 2009 	Very nice!	Stayed here last month; lovely big room, if a bit dark - when is there ever anywhere suitable in a room to put on make-up?Not sure about the check in experience - nice idea, though it does lead to a bit of standing around when trying to check out. And there aren't that many places to sit and wait.We were eating out with friends at Smithfields, so great location.The hotel does have several bars, it's a pity that none of them were open when we returned at 11.30, and in need of a night cap - room service just doesn't have the same atmosphere.Lovely big clean bathroom, proper hairdryer ( pet hate - the ones where you have to keep your finger on the button) and big towels. Pricey breakfast - we went back to Smithfields!	
Oct 1 2009	Excellent from check in to check out	The hotel was wonderful from checking in to express check out. Our bags were carried in, we were settled into comfortable chairs we were offered drinks (an lovely and very welcome cup of coffee) and then check in came to us - what luxury. We obtained a cheap weekend deal, but the quality of service was unwavering. The rooms were simple, but luxurious; the bathrooms were spotless and the dressing gowns and slippers able to fit my plus size! The only slight down side for the bathroom was the height/depth of the bath which made slippy dismounts from the shower a careful affair. We dined in the 1901 restaurant on Saturday night and we haven't had such a lovely meal for a very long time. The service was truely excellent throughout and I cannot commend the staff more than enough - from the chambermaid (friendly and helpful) to the maitre d' (far from snooty) we were made welcome. I would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Sep 27 2009 	Fantastic	Fantastic service, fantastic room, overall stay - you've guessed it - fantastic.	
Sep 25 2009 	Fantastic hotel decent location	Beautiful business hotel in very hip city location. Close to Shoreditch house, Boundary and Brick lane/spitalfields... But maybe too close. At night time it is a ghost town, though liverpool street station does guarantee a bit of foot traffic until late. Great if you have business in the city but next time I cash in my Hyatt points for a london holiday, i think i will stick to the west end uber-touristy hyatt. Still, an AMAZING hotel if you plan to hang out in the City/east end. Bed was way too firm (i'm spoiled by starwood dream beds) but room was very stylish a beautiful. PS, you can trust all the photos. Rooms are clean and look just like that.	
Sep 24 2009 	Amazing hotel...luxury and value.	This hotel was amazing and was at a great price. It is a modern architectural piece of art since I saw actual Londoners standing in line to tour the hotel. The have a great check in process where you sit down and relax and they come to you...with coffee and snacks. Room is modern, clean amazing with a place to doc your ipod. The mini bar is free and restocked. Also, this hotel is in a PERFECT location. This is now our favorite place to stay in London and we will be back.	
Sep 22 2009 	Fab hotel excellent loacation!	One of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in!! Great service from check in to check out. Located by loads of great restaurants and bars as well as being around the corner from Brick Lane and Spittlefields market - both a must see, Sunday's are the best!The decor is great as are the amenities. Free internet in your room and complimentary mini bar were definitely well received. Will definitely go back and recommend it to all!!	
Sep 22 2009 	lovely unusual hotel.	Excellant location, staff extremely helpful and cleanliness was exceptional. Lovely complimentary mini bar and bath products.	
Sep 21 2009 	Enjoy the hotel and AVOID THE SPA....	Good located and connected. The hotel has nice looks and excellent hygiene. All clean and shinny. Food from room service was very enjoyble too. I like everything but ... the SPA! with prices dearer than Claridge's or Berkeley (OMG), it doesn't deliver. With the rooms next to a gym with a very high music volume and the trains running every minute, you can't have peace and relaxation. You even feel the vibration of the trains! Service wasn't good either. Again, enjoy the hotel but do yourself and your pocket a favour and find another place for massage treatments.	
Sep 17 2009 	If I lived in a hotel this would be it.....no really	So, I am the kind of guy who travels three weeks a month and has been in every kind of imaginable hotel on every continent; good, bad, ugly and sometimes, intolerable. I am a certified hotel snob but only because I virtually live in them. I discovered Andaz &quot;by accident&quot;; London is full of very average dumpy places posing as four star hotels, so on an unexpected week of work, I was forced to go on TripAdvisor recommendations, site unseen, and chose the Andaz because of ranking, and its high end but practical, modern, uncluttered concept. I am a Hyatt Platinum member and had not heard of it; apparently there is one in LA and another opening in NYC: a no check-in desk, business hip but classy, substantial and without the hype, customer-centric concept; renovated loft feel (original building was a hospital, then hotel which was taken over by Hyatt a few years back to create the first Andaz). The location (literally right at Liverpool Street train station) is one benefit for easy access to the rest of London, bit that's just the beginning. I literally &quot;live&quot; here when in London, and in most hotels, I do find something to be displeased with!If you are looking for staid, classical, antiquish traditional hotel service with all the usual &quot;no's&quot;, stuffiness and rip off extra's, this won't be your hotel. Andaz's have done away with desk check-in's (you know, where you stand in line for 15 mins and right when its your turn, the front desk person picks up the phone because someone apparently more important called from his/her room?..yeah) Well, these guys figured it out. All calls are answered by the back office of equally qualified and attentive staff. The front desk actually all about you and it really isn't even a front desk, but a group of well coiffed and suited (think GQ meets Walls Street) chic and competent looking &quot;Andaz hosts&quot; holding nifty hand held computers (if I can call them computers- they are tiny!) who find your booking, call you by name, check you in and haul your luggage to your room (all the same person!) Wait...and when you walk in, you never stand....they actually seat you in a lounge area where the host approaches you. Its all a very civilized affair but without being contrived or precious. They just get you in your room really fast and you don't have to fight for service.They have figured out the internet and mini-bar thing: just give it to your customers free (even if its built into the costs somehow) and customners will love you and come back, especially if the rest of the service is good. So all that is &quot;free&quot;...and of great quality...fast internet, good quality mini-bar food thats replenished. The rooms are all what you would expect: high ceilings, each has slightly different configurations, but very clean lines and &quot;chic and modern&quot; but solid-think a converted loft, decorated by tasteful minimalists in Manhattan. There is nothing Ikea here. Spotless and no smells or noises. Sound proof...and clean as a whistle.The hallways are quiet and smell nice, but neutral; no food or perfumy smells. I can tell the place is always clean and kept to the highest standards. Beds are top quality, dreamy, high count thread sheets; bathrooms large and have some of the original fixtures tastefully updated. There are high end, quality bath /shower products you will want to bring home with you: jojoba butter moisturizer..etc..gender neutral without all the perfumes; really good stuff I have brought home with me on occasion. The rooms are soft tones of blue, red and dark wood (lighter wood on sixth floor newer wing) and some cool red chairs you will actually love sitting in and reading. And..oh...the desk and chair are actually functional (dont you love hotels where the desk is actually not intended for anyone who actually has to work in their hotel room?) These guys have it right. I work for 6 hours straight, often on the phone with clients when in London, and the ergonomic chair, right sized and spaced modern desk and fast no fuss internet are all I need. So, the space is airy, clean (and I am a fanatic on this one) and maybe a bit masculine, but feels like nothing was spared: tasteful, modern minimalism without the austerity, short-lived fadism and/or cheapness and cutting cornersFinal note: The gym is great..everything you need and right in the lower level under a restaurant....the gym space actually used to be some kind of temple and has been well renovated: latest equipment, sauna, massage available and trainers etc....always spacious, not crowded, open when you want it. I used it everyday. There seems to always be someone cleaning the place, almost compulsively, but that's kind of what you want in a hotel, isn't it?So, dont think about it. Book it; you won't be sorry. The &quot;team leader&quot; for the hosts is a nice guy who looks you straight in the eye and cant do enough for you; the Andaz hosts are a global team of young women and men and lend a really nice, &quot;cosmopolitan and efficient feel to the place. Lots of bankers during the week and some weddings on the weekend, but (sorry to sound kid-phobic) never any screaming kids running around, which works for me when I am travelling and working. I feel like these guys would be written up in &quot;Fast Company&quot; or &quot;Business Week&quot; ; they are listening to the customer and doing it right; they are also disrupting the hotel guest service model all the way to the bank, and being more customer centric not just in lip-service like their competitors, but in the way they have designed check-in and the whole guest experience literally from the time you walk in. If you are coming to London and want a &quot;reasonable for London&quot; hotel (I have paid anywhere from $US200-450 per night ) where you can rest, work, exercise, have good access to the rest of London,have peace of mind and get treated really well but without pretension, pushiness or exorbitance, this is your place.And yeah, I would live here if I lived in a hotel. Just go. Andaz is the place. Trust me. Book 'em	
Sep 16 2009 	Great hotel and service. Next Liverpool St station	The hotel is next door to the Liverpool St Station of the Tube making it easy to get around. It's not a straight shot from Heathrow but it wasn't too hard to connect. The Heathrow Express is definitely the best way to get to and from the airport. The local train takes far longer. The Andaz is located in the financial/banking section of the city so it's perhaps not as convenient for sightseeing. The hotel and staff were great. We were trying to line up last minute tickets to Wimbledon and they bent over backwards to help us out. Our room, while not huge, was very nice, new and clean. It was well appointed and appears to have been built or remodeled in the last year or so. The bathtub is oddly high making it hard to enter and exit. Careful grabbing for the towel heater when you slip out since it's rather hot. Not withstanding the height the shower had good water pressure and the bathroom was well appointed.There's a decent size gym in the basement. A half dozen treadmills, free weights, machines, yoga mats, fit balls and a good selection of equipment. We lifted weights and then ran around London's sights.There are several restaurants in the hotel but we did not eat at any of them. They all looked good though. There's also an M&amp;S Simply Food market across the street with a great selection. Somewhat like an organic 7-11 with wine. We need them in the States.We booked our room with points but i believe it's fairly expensive. Of course, all of London is pricey.All in all the Andaz was great and I'd highly recommend it.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great stay	Lovely modern hotel with great beds. We booked for a birthday treat and we were not disappointed. The real advantage is that it is right outside Liverpool St station. On a weekend the Spittalfield market is worth a visit with so many places to eat that breakfast is not needed. We had to wait 25 minutes for a cooked breakfast because all the cooked food had gone but that is our only gripe. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2009 	horrible HORRIBLE reception employees	upon arrival we were greeted with smiles. But, withing minutes, the reception employee tried to overcharge us for our stay. We had booked a triple room through bookings.com, which clearly said all taxes included, still the reception people tried to add taxes to our total. After a lot of &quot;polite&quot; dispute, they tried to charge us for the 3rd person. Once they realised they couldnt, as we had a valid contract with them, we were denied entry to our room (which was previously said to have been ready for us), until noon (the normal check in time). The room was clean but nothing great. Bathroom clean also. 3rd person had to sleep on a roll-away bed. Location is at the FAR END central London--not convinient for shopping or sightseeing. Metro station however was right next to the hotel, so no real problems there. My biggest shock was when I repeatedly asked for a map of the City of London, and was given a tiny A5 size map of the area surrounding the hotel. Upon check out, while I was standing next to the reception i noticed that there was a drawer full of large folded maps-the kind all hotels around the globe provide their customers with!!!!NICE TOUCH: mini bar was stocked with 3 bottles of juice, cookies, and choc covered nuts daily, free of charge.	
Sep 6 2009 	Best Hotel In London- Fantastic	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over the August Bank Holiday weekend. The professional and friendly service we received from the staff at this hotel was just fantastic from the minute we arrived to the minute we left. On arrival we were shown to some seats and then offered complimentary tea or coffee.We were checked in by a guy with a laptop. There's no reception desk at this hotel! The whole check in experience was both welcome and informal and a refreshing change from other hotels.We were allocated two adjoining rooms for our stay and even though we arrived early our rooms were ready.The rooms were spacious and well appointed with complimentary mini bar with mineral water, fruit juices and granola bars. The Bose I Pod docking station in the room was also greatly appreciated. The beds were very comfotable and noise levels in the room were minimal.We decided to explore the area, but on reaching the entrance realised it was raining quite heavily. Not a problem, one of the staff quickly appeared with 4 umbrellas, which again was typical of the service at this hotel.Breakfast in the 1901 restaurant was both plentiful and of excellent quality. Even though it was buffet style, the cooked breakfast was as good as 'cooked to order' in many other 5 star establishments. My parents sampled this same restaurant one evening and were impressed with the quality of the food.The room itself is very grand and again the staff excelled themselves.When we next return to London, we will be staying at The Andaz. This is the best hotel we have stayed in and we have stayed in many 5 star hotels! The customer service is second to none! We went for afternoon tea at The Ritz whilst we were here and the customer service there, whilst very good did not come up to the standard of The Andaz.. You just don't get service like this anymore!!My thanks to the management and all the staff for a great stay!!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location nice rooms but trying too hard	My wife and I stayed at the Andaz for one night in August as a guest of Hyatt and we visit London regularly so I am probably a bit cynical. We had a lovely stay and the hotel is in great location, just outside Liverpool Street station. The Andaz is pitching itself as a trendy and hip hotel in the equally trendy and hip Shoreditch area. But as I am well over 21 it was all a bit lost on me.Anyway on to the review:Check inNow the Andaz doesn't have the usual check in desk but instead has stylish people standing around with laptops, checking you in remotely.So we were approached by one of these stylish people, who subsequently told me that the smoking room I had requested wasn't available and actually the room wasn't available as it was still being cleaned!This wasn't a problem as we had plans and came back to the hotel later.I did, however, feel fobbed off by stylish person one so when I went back I asked another stylish person, this time a very helpful lady. And as suspected my smoking room was now available.The roomsOur room was fine. It was clean and had very nice fixtures and fittings that you would expect for a decent hotelYou can request a pre loaded i-pod for the room (see very hip) which fits into a BOSE speaker system but you do have to leave your credit card details and they will charge you £400 if you nick it.The bathroom was equally as nice but the water system did make a heck of a noise.You do have a free soft drink mini bar which is pitched as a healthy mini bar - Ours contained 2 bottles of water, 2 bottles of apple juice and one museli bar. Not a great selection, particularly if you don't like apple juice but a nice touch.We didn't try the overpriced breakfast as there was a Pret over the road.Overall this is good hotel in a great location but it just felt that it was trying too hard and not getting it right all the time.	
Aug 29 2009 	Nice to have a hip hotel like the Andaz in a business area	Sleek and modern, unique approach to providing accomodations. It was a pleasure to stay here and its my second time, which is as nice as the first. Plus the hotel is becoming surrounded by lots of happening places, so its not isolated by being in the business district at all. This is a plus for when you stay over a weekend as I did.And they were so great after flying all night they had my room ready at 9 am even though check in isn't until the afternoon. They were so nice. Love it there.	
Aug 28 2009 	Lovely Hotel	I stayed at the Andaz Hyatt on Liverpool street for 3 nights.The hotel is very well located, right next to Liverpool train station that connects to stansted airport,the tube and national railway.Also you can get buses to Oxford street and all major sightseeings!! The hotel is beautiful and well designed.The rooms are not very spacious,but they have all shorts of utilities like ipod dock,lcd tv,wifi free internet and free healthy mini bar. The only thing that was a bit weird, is that when someone flashes the toilette, you can hear it very loud in the bathroom, either if it comes from the next room or another floor.The breakfast is very good and had no problems there.	
Aug 27 2009 	A Great Hotel	A great hotel. Stayed in a king size room with the most comfortable bed ever. The bathroom had excellent amenities with a heated towel rack and a good size bath. Breakfast was excellent and was included in our price which we booked through roomex.com. A free snack bar was included. Would stay here again without hesitation.	
Aug 24 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!!!	Do not miss the chance to stay in this excellent hotel. It may be a little expensive but it is totally worth it. Coviniently located in the City of London, the underground station is adjacent to the building. Very safe, very helpful, very good. Especially if you fly in Stansted Airport, you just hop in the train and hop off at the hotel's front door!! Excellent big rooms if you spend a liitle extra (it is always to upgrade your hotel room to something bigger to experience the best that a hotel can offer), very clean, very contemporary, very nice bathroom, ipod is a blast (very powerful output!!), LCD a treat!I was very satisfied with the served breakfast on a nearby restaurant and you will NEVER be hungry there! Cafes, restaurants, supermarkets and just around the corner. Shopping is also a treat with excellent street markets nearby.	
Aug 19 2009 	Loved the Andaz!	We stayed two nights over the weekend and really enjoyed our stay. Check-in was unusual with the staff coming to you with lap tops, but it was efficient and the woman was very nice. She upgraded us for being Hyatt members and we got a corner room on the top floor, which she escorted us to. Great size for a London hotel. Modern, sleek and clean with a reasonable sized bathroom. The bed and bedding were one of the best we have ever slept on and I must find out how to buy one for ourselves at home. We slept like babies!Room service was prompt and tasty, and the complimentary water, juices and granola bars were a delightful touch. The bathroom amenities were also very good and I felt like we got a very plush experience for only 120 pounds a night.Location is extremely convenient being right outside Liverpool street station. We even saw the Liverpool Football Team stay at the hotel! Staff were very helpful and friendly, not a bit of pretense at all. We've stayed at the Hoxton a few times before and found this to be more luxurious, spacious and high-end for about the same price. We enjoyed it and will definitely be back. Well done, Andaz!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic room	Really big, nice rooms (we upgraded to a suite) in a super convenient location. Service was a little slow at times and fantastic at other times. 1/2 block to Liverpool St station. Several pubs and quick food in the area.Will stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Modern Addition to the London Scene	Arrived early morning from a flight from Australia hoping that my room would be available. Alas, although requested, there was nothing available. The clerk at check in was generally helpful and spent some time trying to find me a room. I could pay more to upgrade but I declined. I asked if I could use the showers in the Fitness Centre which he said was an option (why he did not suggest this when all I really wanted was to freshen up is beyond me). Int he end he found me a vacant room which was at a lower rate than I had booked. I had fears of entering the proverbial London shoebox sized room but was pleasantly surprised to find a room comparable in size to other cities. It was internal so the window looked into a central space but I suspect this made the room a lot quieter being near a busy street as well as Liverpool Station.The room was modern and tastefully decorated with a comfortable king size bed. The inclusion of a &quot;healthy mini bar&quot; which has complimentary juices and water is a nice touch. ALso, free internet is also a great bonus. The Fitness Centre was also reasonable well equipped.As for gripes, the air conditioning never seemed to make the room cool and the reverse of the hot water which never seemed to get hot!Overall the hotel is at a reasonably high standard but there is some room for improvement. I would certainly stay there again. Proximity to the station and central London was excellent.	
Aug 13 2009 	Excelent modern hotel	If you like modern hotels, this is the place to stay. We had a huge corner room, with flat screen TV, Bose iPod docing station a mini bar with complementary juices and water and the most comfortable, huge bed. The hotel is conveniently located at the Liverpool trainstation, which allows you to get everywhere quickly and is especially helpfull, when you want to take the Stensted Express to the airport. Would always come back!	
Aug 7 2009 	Excellent hotel	Upon arriving at the Andaz, we were greeted in the lobby and checked in remotely, the hotel is well located and beautifully decorated inside. Our suite was out of this world with a huge bedroom and parlor and well appointed bathroom. The staff were warm, friendly and extremely helpful. The ala carte breakfast was excellent and great service. Conveniently located next to Liverpool St. Station and London's famous curry row.	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean and Modern But Questionable Service	This is a fairly new hotel with modern, minimalistic design. Very nice that the price includes internet and all drinks in the fridge. The rate is really not that bad considering it's in London. Great especially if you are traveling elsewhere through Liverpool station. However, choices of entertainment and food are limited. More importantly, I just do not understand the staff's service and behavior during my stay.The strangest thing I experienced at this hotel is the treatment of my luggages and the service of the staff. I checked in on July 24 in the early afternoon and got a great corner room. After checking in, I left my luggages in the room and went out for city tour. When I came back in the evening, all my belongings were gone. After checking with the front desk, they told me they had to remove all my stuff because they thought they were the luggages left by the previous guest. It sounded unreasonble to me since I checked in on the same day and the room was cleaned. I would have called them for assistance if there had been lugguages left by the previous guest in the room. The fact that they took my stuff during my stay without asking is odd. Besides, there were name tags on my luggages and they should have known that they belong to the person who just checked in.The strange treatments did not end there. The next morning at around 9 am while I was still in bed, I heard a person trying to scan the key card to get in to my room and playing with the door knob. I looked through the peekhole and saw a person with uniform (the hotel staff) at my door trying to get in. The point is: the person NEVER KNOCKED THE DOOR. I opened the door and was quite upset about the behavior. The staff apologized and told me he was just checking the lock. Checking what? There was nothing wrong with the lock and the key. It was the treatment of my luggages that was inappropriate. If they really had doubt about the lock and key and needed to examine them, shouldn't they inform the guest before trying and AT LEAST KNOCK THE DOOR. Sounds like a common-sense? Well, the staff surely didn't show they understand it.I did not lose anything during my stay but they lost my trust in its security.It's a shame because I did like the design and facilities.	
Aug 3 2009 	Lovely breakfast shame about the customer service	Booked this hotel via lastminute.com, surprise hotel 5 star. Paid 143/queen room with breakfast, but the rack rate wasn't far off this on the hotel's website. Good location. Rooms small, but quite stylish. Free healthy mini-bar and internet, but not 24hr free! Check-in a bit of a free for all - no desk. Breakfast fantastic, lovely surrounds and excellent everything! Check-out awful, spoiled by the hotel Line Manager, Alex, trying to charge us for one of our teenage daughters. Held us up for about half an hour, and totally spoiled the whole stay. The room was booked for 2 adults per room, but he was trying to charge us for a breakfast! We stayed calm, but he had us running around trying to prove this ... After he went off to check himself, he grudgingly came back and let us off! Our booking was accurate, 2 adults in each room. BEWARE!	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent hotel for vacation stay	We recently returned from our visit to London and a one week stay at the Andaz Hotel. We (two adults and one 11-year old child) stayed in the open suite plan. The purpose of our stay was for a family vacation. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Andaz. and plan to return during our next stay in London. We highly recommend this hotel.Customer service is really important to us and we very pleased with the service provided by each of the Andaz staff members we interacted with. Staff members were quick and responsive whenever we called for assistance (extra towels, etc.)The open suite plan is quite spacious. It provides a sleeping area (with a true king size bed), a work desk area, a sitting area (large sofa and ottoman), a small eating area and a nice sized bathroom. The room includes two LCD televisions (one in the sleeping area and one in the sitting area); a safe; a mini-refrigerator; and two wardrobes. Our room was on the second floor in the corner, and had extensive windows (overlooking Bishopsgate and Liverpool Street), as well as vaulted (at least 20 feet) ceilings. The hotel as a whole and the room in particular were very clean. There were absolutely no issues with cleanliness over the period of our one week stay.We found our room to be fairly quiet, even with its location on the second floor. While I did hear some outside noise the first Friday night, every other night was very quiet. There is the occasional sound of street traffic and sirens, but these were not very noticeable. The hotel and the rooms do have certain characteristics that might be awkward or unusual to visitors that are not expecting them. But, if you have read this and the other reviews, you should not be at all surprised and there should be no concerns. Additionally, once you are checked in, a hotel staff member should offer to show you the room and demonstrate its &quot;unique&quot; features. Take advantage of this. Numerous reviewers comment on the greeting/check-in (the lack of a formal check-in desk). We really saw no issues with this. We were promptly greeted and assisted upon arrival. During high traffic times, it is easy to see how it could become difficult for the hotel staff to keep up with who arrived first. But, the Andaz seems to have responded by providing extra staff members. To operate the lights in the room, you do have to insert your key card into an electronic device attached to the wall just inside the entry way. The room's main lighting controls (switches) are also located just inside the door. There are secondary controls in the sleeping area on each side of the bed. A peculiar annoyance, though, is that there are no lighting controls within the bathroom. The bathroom's lights are controlled by the room's main switches (just inside the entry). Peculiar and annoying, but you do get used to it.We particularly liked the location of the hotel - immediately next door to Liverpool Street station. Within minutes of leaving the hotel you are able to pick up breakfast inside the station (at one of many choices) and then hop on to one of the major tube lines. Nearby (within quick walking distance) is the Old Spitalfields Market with several options for dinner. One important note. If you plan to arrive before the check-in time, I highly recommend that you call to confirm availability with the hotel. After years of travelling in the US, we have never had an issue arriving early and obtaining a room. If you read the Andaz reviews, you will notice that several reviewers (including us) encountered this as an issue. In our case, our flight arrived earlier than expected, our bags were the first off the chute and our shuttle left within 30 minutes of arrival. As a result, we arrived at the hotel around 9:30 AM. The hotel had been booked the night before and the room initially assigned to us was not available, as the current guest had not checked out yet. However, we worked with the hotel agent and he made arrangements to assign us to another room, which was vacant, but not ready. We were offered access to their gym and spa (to freshen up/change clothes) and they held our bags. We chose to wait for the room to be made ready. While we waited, we were provided drinks and cookies and the hotel agent came by frequently to give us updates, as it did take awhile for the room to be prepared. While we certainly would have preferred to have rolled straight in to the hotel and into our room, the reality is that we were there earlier than the posted check-in time, and we had not confirmed the availability before hand. We were quite pleased with the service we received during check-in, despite the delay in obtaining our room.We did not eat at any of the restaurants, and so I can not offer any reviews here. We received our express check-out information and everything was exactly as it should have been. I always prefer to check out in person and was quickly and pleasantly assisted with this as well. We chose this hotel in part because of its affiliation with Hyatt, which we prefer within the US. I was not sure what to expect based on the mix of previous reviews. The hotel easily met and exceeded our expecations. We really enjoyed our stay here and will easily stay here again in the future.	
Jul 21 2009 	Modern hotel with outstanding service	My initial review of the hotel was going to be average as I had a couple of issues but the hotel went above and beyond in trying to resolve them and make sure that my stay was a good one. I checked in early morning after a trans-Atlantic flight from New York and a room wasn't available. The hotel did give me access to the fitness club that actually had great private shower and changing rooms which was very welcome after my overnight flight. As I was about to head out to my late morning meeting, I was offered a room that had become availabe although it was not on a high floor as I had initially requested in my reservation. Despite my better judgement, I decided to take the second floor room as it gave me a little time to at least unpack and download emails before leaving for the day. I came to regret that decision that night as there was quite a bit of both street noise (people yelling from the bars around Liverpool station) as well as interior noise from people getting in and out of the elevator (the room was two down from the elevator). I asked to switch rooms the next day and the hotel did accomodate me despite being sold out. Unfortunately they moved me to a room where the air conditioning controls were broken and it was sweltering. I called the front desk and they said they'd have the engineers fix the room temperature through the central controls and to give it twenty minutes. After thirty minutes, it was still uncomfortabley hot so they sent an engineer to the room to work on the problem while I went to the gym for a work out. I came back to the room an hour later and the room was relatively cool but the lights had stopped working. An engineer came up quickly to try to fix the problem and both he and the front desk was very apologetic (especially since this was my fourth or fifth call to the front desk). The engineer was obviously doing his best to help and he eventually fixed the problem after another fifteem minutes or so. Basically this more or less was a text book case of Murphy's Law but everything was eventually fine.The hotel manager came and spoke to me personally the next day at check-out to apologize again and gave me her card and told me to contact her directly for my next stay in London and they'd be sure to take care of me. So good job overall on service recovery... As for the hotel, the public spaces are great and the rooms are clean and modern. The bathrooms are probably the best feature of the room as they are oversized and well appointed. The location isn't my favorite but it is easy to get around since Liverpool tube and train station is right around the corner. Definitely ask for a room on a high floor though and away from the elevators.	
Jul 20 2009 	An absolute ripoff - Do not be fooled by the website pics	The website looks amazing but the whole place is an absolute rip off. We paid £130 for one night in a pokey room that was no better than you would get at a Travelodge for alot cheaper. It's like they have put a funky facade on an old hotel but not bothered to improve what's beyond reception. It gets worse when we tried to eat something. I ordered a bowl of fruit for the room that i estimated to be around £6 but was charged £11 for 2 apples, 1 pear, 1 banana and some wrinkly grapes. I then ordered 2 sandwiches. Again, not being aware of the price i assumed these would be around £8 each, imagine how shocked i was to geta bill for £33.95 for two average sandwiches. £33 can you believe it? I just feel like such an idiot for not checking but would never have imagined in my wildest dreams that a hotel company would so blatantly rip people off. I assume this hotel (being in central business London) is preying on business people and tourists. I am ashamed that this practice is going on in our country. Tourists - stay away from this place. You can get much better quality and value for money elsewhere. London has some great hotels with excellent food and service at a reasonable price and this place should be avoided at all costs.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Hotel but a bit too Trendy	This hotel has great weekend rates and looks gorgeous so we booked here in spite of it being a bit far from the action.The building itself is really quite beautiful and they have done a very nice job with the renovation. As noted, check in is a bit chaotic. They were not all that busy when we arrived so we did not have an issues and were even offered a drink while checking in. Check out was difficult ans there really was no line and the staff really had their hands full trying to figure out who was next. What is so wrong with a traditional front desk? Also, as noted, no real bell staff that I could see.The elevators are a bit slow but once upstairs I was really happy that I chose this hotel. It is all done in a very modern style without being cold. The beds were great and large. The iPod dock was a nice touch. There is a small refrigerator built into the wall holding complementary water, fruit juices and snacks. Better yet, there was space in there for some cheese and salad which I bought at the M&amp;S across the street. I want the bath for my house. Good strong air conditioning - important as the big window in my room overlooked a noisy street so I could not open at night. With all closed, the room was very quiet.We did not use any of the restaurants and the bar looked a bit trendy for my taste so I ordered a few beers from room service one night. The prices were reasonable and the service very quick.Service overall was good. A lot of issues seem to come from the odd check in/check out process.The hotel is close to the Tower and Tower Bridge but really more suited for business. You can get to livelier areas using the tube located under the hotel. Having all of the shops at Liverpool Street Station around the corner is very handy. The rest of the area is fairly quite on the weekends.The hotel is very expensive weekdays. If you can navigate the odd lobby processes and don't mind staying in the City, this is a good place for a weekend stay.	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice place-shame about the staff and the check-in!	We arrived fairly hot &amp; bothered after a long car journey to eventually find the unremarkable entrance. There was no doorman, so no help with luggage. The check in arrangements are shambolic. The staff have no I.D. just hand held computers which they say help them give you a personal service. This may be true if you are the only person there, but its rubbish when there are several groups waiting to check in. There is no semblance of a queue so you sit, and sit. When we were checking out there was one poor woman who had been waiting for an hour and a half and still couldn't get into her room.We had a complaint about our restaurant bill-it took an age to find someone who was willing to take some responsibility. She said she was the guest services manager and that she would pass our problem to the day staff. Guess what happened next morning?No one had the faintest idea what we were talking about. Check out time-again a huge wait then an £80 &quot;unknown&quot; amount on our bill. Again no manager to be found and when he eventually appeared his idea of dealing with our complaint was-to give us a comments form.They also want to charge you £30 per day for valet parking when it is possible to park on street all week end for £2.00 (Go to Finsbury Circus, about 5 mins walk)Oh, and the shower leaked!	
Jul 12 2009 	definitely no 5 star service	Although the hotel looks quite modern and fashionable i don't have the best memories. It felt like as soon you booked the room and your credit card is charged they give a damn about you.Especially if you pay a room rate of over 200 £ without breakfast. Already by checking in i felt put down by the reception lady. All the stuff is foreign and seems not very skilled in excellent customer service. I stayed with two friends and we booked a room for 3. The room was very small and an extra camping bed was put which was very short and uncomfortable. The breakfast was very nice in a beautiful Hall. The hotel is located right in the finance quarter and around the courner of a station.	
Jul 8 2009 	wow!	Stylish, comfortable 5 star hotel next to liverpool street station. The rooms are very spatious and well appointed and have lots of drinks/snacks which are ...wait for it...free...unheard of in UK!. In room entertainment/ music jukebook/films/internet excellent. Service is slick and friendly and unlike the other London five star establishments which are frankly stuffy and pompous.The choice of restaurants/bars is huge including japanese restaurant, fish restaurant etc. spa and gym on site. I highly recommend.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location 	Booked for a one night stay - Saturday night - via Hotels.com - cost was £130.Only 2 minutes from Liverpool St Tube as you exit the hotel you can see &quot;The Gherkin&quot; is visible just a couple of streets away. Fantastic location for Tower Bridge &amp; the South Bank with it's trendy bars &amp; nightlife. Bit of a different check-in - we couldn't see a desk and nobody was about then someone appeared at an informal standing desk area and checked us in. Stayed in a special needs room - although neither of us is disabled - the guy who checked us in took us up and asked us not to pull any of the red cords - very polite and friendly service.Bedroom was top quality with Queen bed, cool air con (just the job in the recent heat) and very minimalist decor - good 36 inch plasma too. Bathroom was spacious and bright with wetroom shower. Only problem was there was no plug on the sink - small gripe really and didn't bother to call for one.Went out for a couple of hours and when we came back someone had been in our room and pulled the cutains and re-arranged the bed linen. I can't say I was happy with staff just letting themselves into our room - so black mark there.Apart from that everything was great. Breakfast was really good - had smoked salmon &amp; scrambled egg - price was £30 for two as I hadn't booked inclusive b&amp;b via hotels.com.I'd recommend for the location and friendly staff &amp; quality room &amp; bed - just ask them not to make any unscheduled visits to your room!	
Jul 5 2009 	Awesome Hotel - Very Impressive	We found this hotel through Expedia and thought it looked very nice and it was in the perfect location for our trip, so we decided to book. As the hotel is in The City the hotel has a lot of business travellers staying on weekdays therefore this rates are double the price through the week and it is much cheaper at the weekend so we did not pay the full rate. As you go into the lobby the hotel is very grand and contemporary, the staff then checks you in using handheld computers, there is complimentary tea, coffee and fruit juices in the lobby as well as fresh pastries in the morning.We arrived early on Saturday morning to surprise my husbands sister who was staying at the hotel for her birthday, it had been explained to the reception staff that we would be arriving and that they should let us up to there room for our surprise visit, they were very accommodating and helpful. We also checked in at this time which was very good because it was only 10am. We found the staff very nice and they didn't look down there noses at us, which I had read in previous reviews.We were asked when we arrived for a credit card which we gave them however what they don't tell you is that they hold £75 until you leave and if you don't have a credit card you are asked to pay £75 per night. When we got to our room it was very nice, there is a complimentary minibar however there is no alcohol in the minibar. The bed was very comfortable which I have found rare in hotels; there were also lots of pillows which is always good. Our room didn't have a view we were actually looking out into Liverpool St train station which didn't bother us, however in the morning we could slightly here the announcements in the station.However my husband’s sister was staying in another room on the same floor and although still nice it didn't have as much character as our room. I feel we got value for money however, if we had paid the higher midweek rate I would have expected more from this hotel.The location is absolutely perfect for seeing London as you have the choice of 3 tube lines which all go to the major sightseeing parts of London. I am defiantly going to stay at the Andaz again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Style over substance there must be better options than this?	Arrived after a 10 hour overnight flight from the US, walked into the 'reception', looked to my right and saw two guys in suits, standing at a table playing on their laptops. One guy turned his head, looked down his nose at me over his glasses and said &quot;Hi&quot;. &quot;Do you know where reception is?&quot; I asked&quot;This is it&quot; he replied(I couldn't help but think, if this is the reception of a hotel at this price, why don't you turn towards me properly, smile and say something like &quot;welcome to the Andaz sir&quot;)Not a good start.After he'd finished checking me in I did comment to him that its a little confusing as there is absolutely nothing marking this table out as being the reception.He replied in an indignant tone &quot;yes, its very different isn't it&quot;.Next, up to the room, he'd given me a room facing over Liverpool Street but unfortunately, when I went to un-pack I opened the wardrobe to a bad smell of body odour. I left it open for a while to see if the smell would dissipate but 20 minutes later no change so, I called reception to ask to change rooms.It took quite a while for the 'guest services' girl to come up and I had to call them once to see what was happening. She seemed quite flustered when she arrived at my door but said she had found me another room (can a hotel in The City really be that busy on a Saturday afternoon?)The previous 3 weeks I'd been staying in hot &amp; humid Houston so, once I was un-packed in my new room I thought I'd open the window to get some fresh air.You actually have to call security to get the windows un-locked, they did this quickly and I threw the window open to enjoy some cool early evening air.After watching TV for a while I realised someone must be having a BBQ near by as the smell was quite intense however, when I walked over to the window and put my head out I realised I was actually looking over the roof of Liverpool Street train station and the BBQ smell was coming from the exhaust vent from Burger King in the station.Needless to say, I closed the window and that's the way it stayed for the rest of the week.The TV gave some problems, it would intermittently flash up big messages on the screen about &quot;Your Sky Box needs to re-boot&quot; and such like although they would try and fix this quickly when I called. I didn't watch much TV for the rest of the week though.Bathroom ok although the plumbing in the walls makes some very strange noises, I guess because its an old building. The tap on the sink in my room had a tendency to leek and this would flow onto the floor making the floor quite wet. Oh and be careful with the showers, they are of that old style with a big lever for temperature, there seems to be only a small point in the middle for 'warm', either side of that is freezing cold or boiling hot.Breakfast is ok, if you can find it! I'm guessing they must have had some problems with guests not being able to find the breakfast room as there now seem to be lots of signs on the walls as you go through all the various corridors and up and down stairs to make your way there.The room they serve breakfast in is very nice, high ceiling and very grand.The food though is quite averageOne good thing I remember was that the room service was quick and the food very good but overall I certainly wouldn't go back to this place or recommend it to a friend.	
Jun 27 2009 	Stop seaching!	Been to London more than 10 times and we finally found home!Booked a doubleroom with queen size bed, but was &quot;upgrated&quot; to a truly king size.Nice room with a bath top that fits tall people as well.Breakfast buffet was absolutly amazing, the spacious restaurant was beautiful.So, if you want a stay in London and want a hotel with perfect location, service, nice rooms and a breakfast that beats most other hotels, Andaz it is.It is a little expensive I think, but instead of having trouble with things at a cheaper hotel, I would say that the extra money is well spend.	
Jun 27 2009 	brilliant concept of hotel accommodation	I was looking for a luxury type hotel in London which had availability at short notice and a good range of leisure facilities. I took my boyfriend here for a bithday treat.It is a stone throw away from Liverpool St station and other tube connections so ideal if you want to visit theatre sites whilst staying in London.We arrived at the hotel and were greeted immediately by a member of staff who made us extremely relaxed and offered us refreshments. Their reception is an informal area where you are checked in using portable laptops. We were offered a room upgrade which we accepted quite happily!The room was fine all the usual mod cons flat screen TV and fridge where most of the drinks and food stuffs were complimentary no extra charge! The bathroom was nice it had lovely touches and again complimentary toiletries for you to keep. Both healthy ranges are on offer such as organic apple juice and biscuits to organic toiletries.We dined in the 1909 restaurant all courses were brilliantly made, especially as I am vegetarian (one that does not like cheese!) they made a meal which was a combination of other elements from other menu dishes and they were most flexible in allowing me to make up a meal plan. The decor and atmosphere in this restaurant was fabulous, whilst you enjoyed your meal a cellist improvised to all kinds of music from mellow to upbeat tracks chosen by a trendily dressed DJ who manoeuvred around the room using a pace maker system (he controlled the order of play with a handheld device) you could if you wish choose tracks from the available music list. You could still enjoy a romantic meal or chat casually with your fellow guests.We enjoyed a morning in the gym which is well equipped with cardiovascular and weight training equipment amongst free weights they had a Smith's machine and other comprehensive items if you like to weight train for fitness you would not be disappointed here.We enjoyed our time in the steam room which is very large. At the time we visited we were the only two people in there so we really chilled out here. Other guest s came by and used the gym etc.There are massage and treatment rooms available too, at additional cost. We did not try any as they were quite expensive at £100 an hour for a massage, I am use to paying no more than £45 at my local gym. You can also have beauty treatments if you book with the spa staff. We did not try any as we were only there for the evening until mid-afternoon the next day.We checked out about 11.00 am and were able to leave our bags in a storage room so we could do a bit of local exploring. We visited Spitalfields market which is under a roofed area. There were loads of places to eat and generally chill you can buy designergoods made by the stall holders who were all very nice and friendly.We got back to the hotel and had a late breakfast there in their Catch Restaurant, service was a bit delayed but again they accommodated my vegetarian needs effortlessly and although we had to wait some time between the first and second course the meals were healthily made and delicious.I would definitely stay again at the Andaz again. We enjoyed this hotel it is somewhere listed in the 40's to 50's for rated hotels in London.	
Jun 24 2009 	Geekily Victorian	Last stay here (until earlier this month) was 2 years ago, when hotel was named the Great Eastern. Location on top of Liverpool station is fantastic for City/East visits, and the re-do of the Great Eastern is an improvement by Hyatt chain. Gym is very good, but layout of hotel due to placement over the station is convoluted, as what may be placed &quot;vertically&quot; in other venues necessitates horizontal placement here. Bfast, for instance, calls for getting off elevator on Floor 1 (not ground floor) and walking over into another building. Plumbing also resembles cross between what one might find on a airplane (high pressure toilets) with a shower from a caravan. Wifi either is underpowered or is being used by many teenagers streaming video. Also, for a modern place, some rooms can be dark and lacking outlets to charge laptops. Very clean place, though, and convenient. Restaurants/bars during week are populated by local City workers, male thirty-somethings wearing pin-striped suits w/o ties. Several small business meetings were being held in the hotel during our stay. Weekend is slower pace, but hotel is quick walk to East attractions.	
Jun 24 2009 	Decent but has some flaws	My wife and I stayed at the Andaz for 3 nights, and I have to say that there were plenty of positives, but a few head-scratching negatives.The room that we got on the top floor was rather spacious which is understand is not the norm in London. The big ultra comfortable bed was fantastic (Hyatt always does this right). However, with this being on the top floor of a very old building, the only way to look out the porthole style windows was up, since they were high on the wall. That was strange.We loved the free minibar and wifi (although it was brutally slow bandwidth for a hotel of this caliber). The flat panel TV was nice and large, however I believe that the list of available channels is very, very limited. I love the towel warmer in the bathroom - great trend in hotels.This hotel has one of the best hotel gyms I have ever seen.The downsides seem petty, but it made the trip a little frustrating.First, we had to get a step ladder for the bathtub. It was a high step up and it didn't feel safe (especially since the handle on the wall was loose). After speaking with the hotel GM, they wound up also bringing us (my wife is short) a non-slip stool, which was better.Also it appears that this hotel doesn't believe that travelers want to look pressed and clean as the rooms do not come with irons and ironing boards. Upon asking for one, we were given an old crusty iron and an ironing board that not only had a nice tear in the pad (try ironing on top of that), but it also appeared that it had been thrown down a flight of stairs on more than one occasion. When we asked for a replacement, we were given a more steady board, still with a torn cover and another beat up iron with a broken switch on it.After much back and forth with housekeeping, they finally brought us one more set (after being told that there were no more available in the hotel and the hotel has less than one per room) that was a slightly better iron and an ironing board that had the cover put on backwards (I swear it was comical at this point).The last issue was for my wife. The hair dryer isn't in the bathroom, it's in the desk - along with the makeup mirror. It's underneath the desk and it pulls up. We didn't know this and even asked for a makeup mirror to be brought up because my wife was having issues in the bathroom (again, she's short). Instead of telling us where the mirror was, they just told us that they didn't have a mirror to give us.Now, in the hotel's defense, this could have been covered in the &quot;let me show you to the room&quot; that was offered when we checked in, but we declined after having gotten in on a very delayed red-eye. Who knows...?Overall, the location was fantastic for getting around London and the staff was efficient and pleasant if lacking a certain feeling of warmth. The GM genuinely wants the guests to be comfortable and was incredibly helpful when speaking to him.Just get your clothes pressed before you go.	
Jun 20 2009 	Great Hotel	This Conran designed hotel is wonderful mix of modern and Victorian styling, with a great lobby area and pleasant, efficient staff. It's next the the Liverpool St. station so easy to get to if you choose public transport. Although modern, the rooms are very comfortable. Plus, they offer free amenities like bottled water and snacks in the room, which are replenished daily. This hotel succeeds in being modern and doing with style.	
Jun 18 2009 	Get a good deal via lastminute's Top Secret hotels	We recently got a good deal, approx £125 for one night, for Andaz via Top Secret rooms on lastminute.com which we were very happy with.The hotel has lost only a small amount of its character in its transformation from The Great Eastern to part of Hyatt's new chain - I'd say hip and corporate contemporary rather than cutting edge these days. But onto our stay, our comfortable, well fitted out room was a good size and the bed was massive with good white sheets and bedding. We also liked the iPod docking station, the clean and super functional bathroom (with bath), the generous amount of Ren toiletries and the mini bar stocked with complimentary organic juices, water and nibbles.Location, right next to Liverpool St, made getting about London on a hot Bank Holiday weekend really easy. A great choice if you can get it via lastminute.com and need to be close to Liverpool St. Our only niggle was reception - they were so busy when we were checking in/checking out &amp; retrieving luggage that it took forever and a day, the best part of 1/2 hr to actually get to our rooms. However, the desk staff were gracious &amp; as efficient as they possibly could be and the complimentary soft drinks they were handing out at check in went some way to assuaging the backlog of hot and sweaty guests building up.However, if the company is paying and you don't mind a 10min walk, Threadneedles has more character (but the rooms are smaller), and if you're on a budget (&amp; can book in advance to get the super cheap deals) and looking for something a bit more Hoxton hipster, then The Hoxton might be more for you.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great stay at a lovely hotel	I stayed here on a Saturday night with my husband and 22 month old son and we would thoroughly recommend the hotel for a weekend getaway in London. The staff were friendly, the reception was impressive, and our room, although a little small, was well kitted out with everything we needed - including a complimentary fridge of water, juice and nibbles, a flat screen tv, ipod dock, bathrobes, lovely Ren toiletries etc etc. We were sorry to have to leave!	
Jun 7 2009 	exactly like the pictures	this hotel is extremely modern...the staff was friendly. the room was small, but perfect for me for a 2 day stay. definitely the nicest hotel i've stayed at in london.very close to the tube station with easy access to most lines of the tube. it is in the financial district which shuts down after work, but it at least it's quiet.	
Jun 5 2009 	standard not stylish	OK, if you're making a comparison to a Hilton or similar, maybe Andaz has a few chops but it's really not anything to get excited about - our room lacked character and had a bathroom straight out of a suburban new build. There were also some pretty major plumbing issues - any toilet or shower use (in our room or those close by) resulted in a roaring nuclear detonation that made the room shake. Not great for a nights sleep. And dispensing with a front desk in favour of wandering staff with laptops just made check-in a farcical. Stick to Threadneedles, Rookery or Zetter.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great City location yet not a fab experience...	The best thing going for this hotel is its City location - if that is where one has to be for business, it is very convenient... For the money, I would probably head somewhere else next time when staying in the City (perhaps even the the Hilton across the London Bridge).So the cons first. In many ways, this hotel is quite beautiful, I loved the domed areas of this old refurbished building, and yet, despite all the modern design features, eg. rather lovely sleek furniture, accents of colour in otherwise monochronistic colour scheme, and high tech touches - it lacks soul. It sure doesn't evoke in one any great feelings or memories to take away.The floor plan, at least in my room on the 5th floor, did not make sense. The bathroom i had was absolutely enormous, for no apparent reason, you could skate in it, and yet the room was so small for such a grand bathroom... Soundproofing is not great. Aircon is noisy and it did not cooperate on the temperature regulation front, so I had to switch it off which then made the room too stuffy to sleep in. Doors not easy to get into.Last gripe, the laptop check in by, what seemed universally height challenged staff who insisted one sat down on backless useless round stools in the reception upon arrival whilst one's luggage and laptops were thrown all over the place, was inconvenient and slow. They need your credit card to swipe, but it was not working so one got stuck in there for inordinate amounts of time. Whenever one needed &quot;real reception&quot; people to talk to, the line up was there and it was frustratingly slow.On the positive side, housekeeping and support staff on the actual floors were super helpful (in fact they are the ones and not laptop wielding snooties on the ground floor who are kind enough to help one navigate a rather meandering large building). Any calls for room service were handled in super efficient and friendly way, and I have to recommend the japanese menu for room service, which was very good for hotel food. So, to sum up, an OK hotel, but not great.	
Jun 3 2009 	Would be great but snooty and rude staff disappoint...also very noisy	great beds, great location, a little pricey...but could have been great except I was checked in and strugggling with two heavy bags. it was a hit day and I mist have looked a little frazzled but the bellboy outside did not offer to help. In fact I came in and out 5 times that day and each time he just looked down his nose at me. Then I wasn't ven shown to my room; just given a key It turned out my room was a long way from the lift and I had no help!The next day my key card wasnt working. Again Iw as carrying a very ehavyy bag and ther was no apaolgy for me having to come abck down - twice! The second time the guy didn't seem to beleive I was staying in the hotel as I didn't have picture ID on me only a credit card. I had to wait 40 miuntes for a manager who then took me to my room, but no apology was offered.It's experiences like this where thre's no acknowledgement of one's time hwich make you feel like you're bing ripped off. It's an expensive hotel,a nd I felt taken for granted.Also its' pretty noisy - take your ear plugs!!	
May 28 2009 	OK but take some ear plugs!	A lot of money has been spent on refurbishing this former Railway Terminus Hotel and it's very slick and modern. Unfortunately I would expect to find a bar open at 11pm! On returning to the hotel we found the George Pub was closed, 1901 bar was also closed and the only bar open was the champagne bar which was so noisy you couldn't hold a conversation. Our room had a vacuum operated toilet (like an aircraft) which was very noisy and the water system drained via a pump operated system which when people started taking showers at 6:30 in the morning was also very noisy! Writing this I'm looking forward to a decent nights sleep in my own bed! Not what you expect for £300!	
May 21 2009 	Amazing value.....but......	Extremely friendly and efficient staff. Offered (very welcome) cup of tea on check-in in lobby. Shown to room where facilities, and use of key to access electric power were explained. Room and bathroom very clean...complimentary minibar a nice touch. BUT...why the silly (stylish) uncomfortable bench instead of a two-seat sofa...(much uncomfortable wriggling). Breakfast excellent,and excellent value...serving dishes freshly topped-up by attentive staff.If only the hotel had been closer to the West End, it would have been pretty much perfect!	
May 19 2009 	Best hotel in London for luxury and position	This is an amazing concept in hotels. It is based around fitness and food. Included in your hotel charge is the mini bar (full of healthy food and drink) as well as all the Internet you can use.The staff (especially the manager) go out of their way to help you with every bit of your trip. Rooms are big, clean and modern. Food is also something special	
May 5 2009 	So hip and modern loved it!	When we got to the hotel, we were sat down and checked in while we were sitting down, once checked in. Took the lift to the 5th floor and the view was amazing! Bed and bathroom, clean and roomy and comfortable!Breakfast was the best part, we had a choice of salmon,eggs, ceareals, different types of bread, juices and teas. We were allowed to use internet, spa and gym!Friendly staff, everywhere. It was a real pleasure to stay at the hotel! I will recommend this hotel to any one of any age.	
May 5 2009 	very very good but	Stayed here for the first time over the may day weekend. the hotel was excellent - a large room which was quiet at night and a pleasant temperature cooled by excellent a/c. This is unusual for London hotels of any class. Now come the but - hotel lacking in information re breakfast times - location of amenities. Breakfast itself was poor for a five star rated hotel - my wife sent her eggs back - they were cold . How do you fix it - stick it under the grill for five mins - now hard yolks - the way you fix it is to recook a fresh batch. Much prefer the buffet system at the Hilton. Second black mark - in room tea/coffee mug was chipped and was not replaced over our two day stay. Overall as London hotels go this is excellent - just needs a few wee tweeks and it will be unbeatable.	
May 3 2009 	style over substance	It is a beautiful hotel but falls short on a number of levels. Check in was efficient but receptionist did not explain vagaries of 'key'. Difficult to open door and when one entered the rom was pitch black and difficult to turn on lights! (Key had to be inserted into spaecialdevice before lights worked...) THe hotel bar was loud and service stopped before 1 am on a friday night. At one on the dot I was ushered out to a corridor/lobby to finish my 17£ cocktail! The next morning there was no available/convenient socket to plug in the kettle. Also the hotel guide was overly designed and not easy to follow... On the plus side the bed was fantastically comfortable and the view from my(small) room was lovely!	
Apr 27 2009 	Gem of a Hotel	This Hyatt property is located directly above the Liverpool Street Station so it is very accessible to the tube - it is approximately a 20 plus minute trip from Paddington Station (if you are taking the Heathrow Express). I had read about someone's reservations on staying here because it was not centrally located - if you don't mind using the tube (and get a day pass), it really is very easy to get around. (Figure 25 minutes to Buckingham Palace.) The hotel is very stylish/modern/urban. The rooms are huge as is the bathroom. Both the room and bathroom was very, very clean, and when the turndown service came in, they resupplied towels and other amenities that had been used. The room was cleaned early and it was spotless. A nice touch was the water, cookies, and almonds that were located in the free refrigerator. The workout area is decent size especially for a hotel in a downtown location. It was clean and there was a variety of machines and free weights.There are four restaurants attached to the hotel. Be warned, however, that on the weekends, only two of those restaurants are open. This is the City area and many things are closed in the area. However, the area is becoming more of a &quot;hip&quot; place to be and more and more restaurants and bars are staying open on the weekend. I did have breakfast at one of the restaurants and it was very nice - just a fry-up but very plentiful and reasonable price wise for London. If you are needing a taxi, there are plenty right outside the door. My only unease with this hotel is the check-in/front desk staff. The gents that I spoke with were very helpful but the two women at night were not as good. They were very pleasant but their understanding of English was limited and it was difficult to discover what was happening in the local area. I know that the front desk staff is trying to be trendy and all, but it is just as easy to check in at a desk as to sit down in the lobby and have the staffer come to you (and then run back and forth to a desk station to retrieve information). Would I stay again? Yes but... I will probably try the Hyatt Churchill next time because it will be closer to the area that I will be spending my time in on my next visit.	
Apr 27 2009 	Central location and high quality service	I stayed at the Andaz last night and have to say the hotel is in a fab location (near Liverpool st station but you can't hear a train!), the service was very efficient with staff running around with laptops and the room was lovely. I got this hotel at a top secret location rate which was definitely value for money. The gym was good and the steam room was nice (no jacuzzi/sauna).I ordered a few things from house services and the items were delivered promptly.	
Apr 16 2009 	Pricy and breakfast disappointing. Could do better with special touches	Got taken here for a weekend treat and first poor experience was a long wait in the check in queue as they do it on laptops. No doorman to greet and I was concerned that there are so many unguarded exits especially when you remember where it is. CCTV does not make me feel secure. The public areas were beautifully restored however this being a heritage building.Room was nice and bed comfy but I was amazed to find few toiletries at this price- ONE bar of soap to share whilst he was in shower and I was in bath and NO bath or shower gel at all. Not very 4 star or is it meant to be 5 star? As a member of the baby boomer generation I did not feel very comfortable here although I did not feel like this at trendy W in NYC.1901 was hosting a function so we ate in the other restaurant which was not busy but chefs could not tell us provenance of food or if it was free range even. Meal was not inspring.Breakfast a major disaster for me as all from menu as individual orders. No soya milk, low fat spreads, or bread I could eat (crispbread or corn/rice cakes) I ended up with a huge bowl of porridge! You should be able to get all this in a major European city these days- they should go to the Radisson in Berlin for ideas. There should be a buffet pick and mix option for guests as the breakfast area is open to the passing public for business meetings. Overall I think they could better unless this is just aimed at younger people and business types.	
Apr 6 2009 	Nice hotel good price a bit out-of-the-way	This hotel was good value-for-money in London. Style-wise, it seems geared toward the 20 or 30-something professional demographic, teetering between design hotel and business hotel in feeling.On the plus, the hotel is modern, visually interesting, and rooms are spacious, well laid-out and comfortable. The rooms have nice 'special touches' like complementary mini-bar and wi-fi. The reception service was good and, again, the price was good.On the minus side, there was an issue with our bathtub that never got fixed despite a couple of phone calls to maintenance. There was some irritating, perpetual noise from the pipes and air-ducts that made for a not-great sleep. And location-wise, it is in the heart of the banking district which means that it is a complete ghost town after five and on the weekend. If you want dinner after 9, forget about it, for example. It is right beside a major tube station, but still - the neighbourhood is certainly not ideal for a weekend traveller. I would recommend this hotel, but with the reservations above.	
Feb 28 2009 	highly recommended	This is a gorgeous hotel it has a very relaxed feel to it which is rare for a hotel in central London. The rooms are very spacious with EXTREMELY comfortable beds. The hotel has lots of nice touches like the small guest bar in the lobby, you can sit and help yourself to a complimentary glass of wine or two and bar snacks which we thought was really nice. The mini bar in the room was also complimentary and was fully stocked with lots of nice fruit drinks and snacks. They will bring breakfast to your room if you prefer for no extra charge and it was one of the best hotel breakfasts we have ever had. It is well located to see all the sights of London, as you are more in the cultural part of the city and the tourist centre of the West End a very short tube ride away.	
Feb 21 2009 	True 5* accommodation 	I took my son and his girlfriend to London for a Theatre weekend. We stayed in a King Suite at the Andaz. The value of the accommodation was excellent - I was only charged for 1 adult (both kids being under 18 went free). The suite was very large and with a very reliable air conditioner built in to the master bedroom, very controlable and made for a restful night's sleep in the very comfy King Size bed. The main bathroom and second W/C was clean and in fine order (well supplied with REN toiletries which I had never used before - very nice indeed)! The lounge and dining area was modern in design like much of the hotel, however, this is combined cleverly with some traditional elegence (particularly in the 1901 restaurant). On our first evening we had dinner in the 1901 restaurant; the service and surroundings were quite literally heavenly. An elegant live violinist played beautifully in the dining hall throughout our experience... she was in no way intrusive and enhanced the occasion perfectly. The selection of wines was superb and served with professionalism. Breakfast was included in the room price and arrived the following morning with obvious care and attention where quality and presentation are concerned - all room service was conducted in a friendly manner. We felt very welcome throughout our stay. Unlike other reviews which report noisy plumbing, we did not experience any such problem. The water temperature in the shower was a little difficult to control and my morning newspaper was forgotten but these I don't view as complaints, rather more like tiny blemishes on a fantastic hotel experience. Overall, i'd recommend this hotel to anyone and I will definately come back to experience more of the many facilities and restaurants on the premises.	
Feb 20 2009 	Superb - Blew Me Away!	I do not normally write reviews, let alone gush, but this hotel is a welcome relief for a solo traveler on the road. I got in early today and wanted to store luggage until check-in, but the three young men who work the lobby - all of whom were clean, professional and smartly dressed - let me check in right away, brought me a glass of water, carried my luggage to my room and refused a tip, despite my insistence. I am a very, very frequent Hyatt traveler, and Andaz gets right the few things Hyatt gets wrong; for example, they include internet at no extra cost, and some great other services. I love the room, the location is amazing (right next to a tube station, walking distance to Tower of London). I intend to stay nowhere else in London in my future trips, if I can afford to stay here.	
Jan 23 2009 	Perfect wedding destination	We held our wedding party at Andaz, and couldn't have been happier with the service, from start to finish. The events team were excellent - and the day was perfect. The bedroom was spacious, clean and bright and the staff very pleasant to deal with. We needed to leave some luggage to be collected the following morning and this was handled professionally. The hotel is stunning, really unique with its modern fittings in an old building. All in all I would stringly recommend the hotel for any reason for stay. The only negative I can think of was that the shower didnt drain properly - not an issue for 1 night though.	
Jan 22 2009 	Really cool hotel great staff facilities and location.	My wife and I stayed in the Andaz hotel, Liverpool St. last weekend. The location is excellent, literally around the corner from Liverpool St. station.The reception area is very tastefully designed and the staff were extremely helpfulCheck-in was hassle free and one of the receptionists showed us to our room and explained all the features in our room.  We stayed in one the King rooms and both my wife and I agreed that it was one of the comfiest beds that we had ever slept in.The bathroom, shower etc, were good and powerful and the room was quite spacious and nicely decorated. The complimentary juice and snack mini bar is also a great touch. I tried out the gym which was very modern and extremely well equipped. The steam room was just what the doctor ordered after a few beers the previous night. Tthe individual changing rooms and showers also added to the &quot;5 star feel&quot; of the hotel. We didn't have dinner at the hotel but the we had a drink in the hotel Bar The George which was busy and had a great atmosphere compared to so many other dull hotel bars. Breakfast was included in our rate and is served in a trendy cafe next door. The breakfast was very good, it's not a buffet, but the portions are very generous and it was all freshly cooked.The express checkout was also handy as we were in a hurry to catch the Stansted Express.  All in all we're both looking forward to our next trip to London and to staying in the Andaz again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Family Loved It	Stayed here with the family, and chose it because it is so convenient for a Stansted flight. Staff were very good, breakfast in-room very early prior to departure was top notch. No complaints and it really is quite different to the run of the mill London hotel.Yes the area is quiet at night, but this is London and you are not short of transport options.	
Jan 2 2009 	Funky Lush Hotel Next Door to Liverpool Street Station!	My oh my what a lovely funky hotel this is! A lovely stay on New Years Eve 2008! (The hotel extended check out time and breakfast serving time with it being NYE)Leave Liverpool St Station and turn right (applies regardless of which exit you leave) and within a matter of moments you will hit the Andaz hotel! So, location wise it couldn’t be any closer to the station which obviously gives you access to the National Rail network and also the underground!Having read reviews on this hotel I kind of knew what to expect and I wasn’t disappointed! When we arrived there were quite a few folks checking in, we simply took a seat and waited a short time for someone to check us in! The service for checking in was efficient and fast and we were even upgraded to a king room free of charge - BONUS!! You are offered a drink at time of checking in, although don’t expect Coke, my boyfriend asked for one and was told they only do organic!!! So no fizzy pop here!! If you want snacks or anything fizzy then there is a Tesco just over the road so fret not!!The reception area is very modern as is the rest of the hotel, it truly was nice and my boyfriend was pleased as he is rather fussy with regards to hotels!! Men!!!We were in room 270 on the 2nd floor which is accessed by the lifts! We walked over a little glass bridge and our room was just down the corridor. The room was lush and the bed quite possibly the best I have ever slept in!! As you walked into the room on dark wooden floor the bathroom was to your right and wardrobes (with lights in!) and fridge filled with juice and water on your left! The bed and desk area were in front of you! Overall the room was lovely! The view was what was to be expected but it wasn’t an issue! The hotel provides you with Andaz robes and slippers, nice touch!! Plenty of lovely fluffy towels were provided in the bathroom, the bath ones were huge!!!My only faults with the room / hotel were that there was a rather odd sound in the bathroom every time the hot water was used - monster in the pipes perhaps! It only lasted a few seconds so didn’t matter just thought it was a little random! Also, the temperature control on the shower was a bit hit and miss, it was either red hot or freezing cold, perhaps it was just me not knowing how to work it properly!! The other thing was the temperature of the room, after getting in at almost 2am after New Years Eve the room was freezing, I tried to alter the temp with the electronic control to no avail so it took a while to warm up so that was a bit of a downer when all you want is to get cosy in bed!!! Also, for those of you who want a kettle in your room, tough!! You don’t get one! There is also NO HAIRDRYER which was a bit of a bum as I didn’t take mine, but never mind!!Breakfast was included in the price, and my oh my am I glad it was! You had to sign a ticket with your room number on and for 2 breakfasts, some fruit, toast and 2 teas and a juice it came to over £50, as if!! It was nice, but not worth £50 so it’s a bonus you don’t have to pay for this! You can pick to have breakfast in your room but we were advised that it was an hours wait so we opted to get up and go to the restaurant which was just outside the hotel a few doors down! I’m glad we did as there was more choice on the menu than what was on the room service menu (which may I add is very expensive - £18 for a sarnie, I don’t think so!!).Overall I loved my stay at this hotel and will consider it in the future and also recommend to others, as it is so close to the station everywhere you want to go in London is easy to get to!!! The hotel is very modern and funky and bright and just very swish it was ace!!I was here for New Years Eve 2008 and if I was to do London again for NYE I think I would find a hotel as close to the fireworks as possible as it is near on impossible to get across London after the celebrations, it was a wicked NY but soooooooooo many people it was crazy! We ended up walking across half on London and finally got on a bus!!	
Dec 21 2008	Chic cool and convenient	This hotel is fantastic. The lobby area sets the tone, as there are some nice surprises. There is no traditional check in desk, but you are greeted by the staff who check you in with there lap-tops. I stayed on the 1st floor. I left the lift into a huge, modern atrium, with a really cool bar area.My room was beautifully decorated, with a complimentary mini-bar, and a full english breakfast included by room service.Overall, it's excellent. The location is brilliant, right at the heart of Liverpool Street station seconds away.I will certainly stay there again.	
Nov 17 2008 	Nice Place Good Location	My wife and I stayed on a Saturday night. Handy location if you are coming from Stansted airport. Also good location for some of the nice but less touristy areas of London - Farringdon, Clerkenwell, Shoreditch, Hoxton. All these areas are full of nice bars, clubs and restaurants, with arty vibe (latter two can be a bit rough late at night).If you want to go to the West End and Buck House, it would not make sense to stay here. But everything is accessible via Central and Circle tube lines. Liverpool St is quiet(ish) at weekends, but you can always find a shop or cafe open.Great reception, swift check-in at 2pm, helpful with local bus info, showed me the room and all mod-cons. Room was medium size, modern decor, large bathroom with Ren products (the Mrs tells me these are good). Free juice and water in the mini-bar, but no booze.Free laundry, internet access. Bose Ipod speakers provided.Decor is typical trendy modern, not too outlandish. Some of the corridors and areas of the room could have done with a good vacuum, but nothing too bad. Got a good night's sleep, bed comfy and temperature was right (all too often too hot in London hotels !)Breakfast was good, in Eastway cafe, the hotel is a bit of a maze though, not obvious where the bars and restaurants are.We didnt try any of the bars or restaurants, we staggered in late at night and went straight to bed ! I am told by friends they are nice though.Quite good value at weekends as this is probably aimed at city workers in the week. I would stay here again if I needed to be in the area.	
Nov 14 2008 	Very good classy and convenient hotel	This hotel in the city and just near the Liverpool Street subway station is really convenient when you come for business. Even for leisure, it is far from nothing in London thanks to the subway being just next door. And you are just minutes walking from Spittafields Market and Brick Lane, Barbicane, or Saint Paul cathedral.Rooms are large and beds are really very very comfortable. The bathrooms are perfect.Bars are nice. The room service is fast. Breakfast iin the Eastway restaurant is good as well as is dinner.And the staff is very nice and helpful.	
Oct 11 2008 	Serious Issues Reside Here	This hotel is off the beaten path in the financial district of London which becomes a ghost town at 6:00 every night and all weekend long. The hotel is an supposed hybrid of the Hyatt chain which mantra is excellent service which is what I did not receive during my stay at Andaz. The maid/room attendent was apparently riffling through my closet and decided they should elimate all the dry cleaning plastic hanging in the closet. I had planned to use those bags when repacking, the hotel could have cared less that their employee was going through the guests closet. The checkout from this hotel was another disaster, they could not produce an accurate bill before departure and said they would send one to me. I waited over three weeks and had to go back to the travel agent to receive the final bill for this stay. I had booked stays for the month of November at this hotel and promptly cancelled them based on the above problems. While you maybe tempted to check this hotel out, buyer beware.....while it looks like a great deal it will cost you far more than biting the bullet for a central London hotel in time, aggrevation and taxi fares.	
Oct 10 2008 	Love the extra touches	Since Hyatt took over this hotel, there have been some very positive and welcome changes. Unlike many hotels, there are a lot of extras included now - free internet, great breakfast (either in room or in one of 2 restaurants), laundry included, juice/water in room, and a coffee and wine bar in the lobby with small snacks available. For the business traveller, these are really helpful - there is nothing worse than having stinky workout gear in your hotel room - here, its gets washed for you! The gym is extremely well equipped although small - it doesnt take too many users to make it crowded. The trainers are excellent - very knowledgeable and helpful. Room - big comfortable beds, TV sound is poor though. Bathrooms - extremely functional, although the vacuum flushing is very noisy, and travels from other rooms. Noise can be an issue here - try to get a room away from the event spaces. The doors slam hard in every room, and along with the vacuum flushing/drains, can make for a noisy start in the mornings. And as the hotel has a high proportion of business travellers, people are up early! Service - i find the staff very helpful and efficient - service is understated and makes you feel &quot;at home&quot;.Location - cant be beat if you need to be in that part of the city. Overall, despite the noise, this has become one of my favourite hotels.	
Oct 3 2008 	Coolest hotel in London	I stayed at andaz in September after not having been there for two years. The lobby looks incredible and I found the reception team to be both friendly and informative. The atmosphere in the bar and restaurants was as fantastic as I remembered, if not better - is there anything better than having your server remember how you like your eggs and what your beverage of choice is? The rooms are still as crisp as they were when they opened. I was also really impressed by how much the area had changed, there are many great restaurants, bars and shopping choices available. Overall I loved my experience at andaz, the staff are wonderful and the hotel will always be my hotel of choice when travelling to London.	
Oct 1 2008	Contemporary stylish clean different but ...	Nice hotel, very handy for Liverpool tube station (and McDonalds)Check in is a bit different, smart dressed staff with wireless laptops while you sit on a sofa. Nice.Rooms, reasonable size, clean, smart, free movie channel, bathroom ultra clean and tidy, mind you sink drained slowly.Fridge with a few free drinks in it - very good. But no mini bar of coffee facilities.Safe in the room was good, lighting and furniture very contemporary- i Liked it.Only downsides,got back on Sat night at midnight after a show to find no bar was open, no coffee facilitiy in room so had to ask night porter to brew one up (which he did veyr helpfully). Lots of noise from a wedding (which was using best bit of the hotel). Went through an empty champagne bar, and main pub was shut. Looked really nice and was looking forward to ending with a drink so that was disappointing.Breakfast was very nice, again hard to find dining room, staff at reception told us to go outside, walk down road and into next cafe which seemed odd but it worked. Excellent service, lots of staff, food was very good and quick, and all included.Booked on lastminute.com but it wasn't any cheaper than going direct.	
Sep 8 2008 	very hip - if you like that sort of thing	We stayed one night in this hotel late August, and found it to be comfortable and user-friendly. But its atmosphere leans more to the hip and funky than warm and welcoming, in my opinion. Plenty of positives to report: we arrived early and the staff gave us immediate access to a room, which was spacious enough; breakfast was complimentary and plentiful; location was ideal for walking 15 mins in most directions to landmarks like St Pauls, Shakespeare's Globe Theatre &amp; Tower of London. Also a few steps from Liverpool Street Tube station, which connects you to anywhere you want to go. But the hotel feels quite 'corporate' and a bit dark and shadowy for my liking. By contrast we stayed in the same week at Hotel Threadneedles around the corner, which had a much more traditional, comfy, club-like feeling (see my review on that if you like). In the end I think it boils down to personal taste &amp; style - cool &amp; funky versus warm and welcoming.	
Aug 28 2008 	Unassuming Minimalist Chic	Recently taken over by Hyatt...but kept majority of design elements from The Great Eastern it was. Perfect location for City and close proximity to West end by tube or on foot for avid walkers. Very quiet on weekends, Sunday esp but as for a New Yorker that's ok. Loved that the inclusive breakfast could be had in the huge, comfortable bed.....many dining options and drinks. amazing welcome at check in...a drink on a leather lounge chair...ill take it! Fantastic bathrooms in the old fashion design. Free water and organic juices in fridge, very friendly staff.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotel in the City area of London	I have stayed in this hotel on a number of occasions, both for business and pleasure. The general quality of the hotel is excellent. Each room has a very comfy king size bed, flat screen TV, complimentary soft drinks in the mini bar and free use of wireless and movies. Its location on Liverpool Street means that its regularly used in the week by business people, but it does serve as a great location for tourists as long as your prepared to use the under ground or walk a bit. Please bear in mind that at the weekend a lot of the area is closed as the sizable working population are not around.Breakfast is included in the room price and offers quite a substantial choice of both hot and cold foods. The George Pub which is a traditional English pub offers a good selection of beers and bar food all at a reasonable price. The champagne bar is a nice place to sit and relax in luxurious surrounding although the last time I stayed at the weekend it was closed.Check in and out is fairly relaxed, you sit on the comfy chairs and reception comes to you. In conclusion, it’s a great place to stay if you like to explore a bit and don’t mind using the public transport (Oxford Circus is 5 stops on the Central Line). If you want to be right in the Centre of London and walk to all the usual tourist destinations around Oxford Street, Leicester Square and Covent Garden then you may be better served looking at alternatives a little closer.	
Jul 28 2008	Funky weekend experience	I stayed here in the weekend 25-27 July. The place is easy to find getting out Liverpool Street station on the correct side (out of tube on the left, up the elevators, where is the Macdonald. Just take left, the hotel is 50 mt far.) No reception, basically: a bunch of guys welcomes the guests, doing the check -in straight away. Funky rooms, complimentary minibar, elegant bathroom, free internet on the 1st floor and in the room's tv (max 1 hour here), charming and silent (I was on the 2nd floor). The breakfast is served at the Miyako restaurant located just next the main entrance: menu 'a la carte', therefore no buffet: I assumed I could order as much as I could, though. Pricey place, but as long as the breakfast is included... I had a couple of requests, and I was helped; I asked for a late check out and I obtained it in a minute. I was 1 hour late on that, and nobody complained. Highest rate for the Andaz, finally, also because of the weekend deal: I found reviewers quoting something like 245 gbp daily rates or just a little less..too much, but that's the weekday price for liverpool streets business travellers: I paid 110+taxes during the we, definetely a more than reasonable price.If in London during the weekend, I'll be back here for sure.	
Jul 22 2008 	Pricey Funky and less than we expected	Stayed at the Andaz on business with a group. Hard to find the hotel from the street, and when we finally DID find it, the door was out of order. Made it to the lobby, then waited....waited....waited for someone to check me in. No apologies, no real help either. The room is modern and very small, very black, very chic, if you like that. I thought I did, but found more things difficult than enjoyable. The bathtub was hard to climb in and out of, and both the sink and shower drains didn't drain! It took me several tries to find the closet, and the in-room fridge was barely cool, let alone cold. My room was cramped and not evenly shaped, which made matters worse. I liked the juices, the artwork, the atmosphere. Not enough signage to help you find your room in the hallways, and I'm not a fan of the &quot;smart card&quot;, but the hotel grew on me. I loved the glass of wine after work (wished for another, so I went to the bar, which is their intent). For 250GBP a night, I find it expensive, regardless of breakfast and juices. We requested an early check-in and received it, but were charged for the previous evening's stay - so be forewarned. There are several nice facilities adjacent or attached, we enjoyed one of the nearby restaurants quite a lot. I might go back at a lower rate, for a longer stay in a better room. The Andaz is an acquired, funky taste. Overall it wasn't terrible, but I would not suggest it to many people who expect a traditional hotel stay. For the artsy crowd or the nouveau-riche, however, it might be just the right place to enjoy London.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great service and contemporary interior	We booked through the hotel website and got an offer including breakfast, mini bar, movies and internet (standard I think) for about £140 per night at a weekend.This was well worth the money, lovely hotel, grand but contemporary lobby, well designed simple room with cool chairs, lamps and extras. Check in was a big free standing table to the side of the lobby and very informal and quick.Located right next to Liverpool St station, good weekend location for Spitalfields Market, Brick Lane, Shoreditch and of course the City and surrounding attractions.Definately will be back, the staff were so helpful and the free breakfast was a feast!	
Jul 15 2008 	Andaz - Great start for a new Hyatt brand	Have stayed at the Andaz on 2 separate occasions in July 2008. Will be coming back for a third stay.This is a new brand for the uniformly excellent Hyatt hotel group. It differs from the Park Hyatt and Grand Hyatt in that it attracts a younger, modern affluent group.Hotel is very good to excellent. The hotel has the Eastway cafe for breakfast, I would def. avoid and have room service instead. They also have a decent pub called George attached. Gym is much better than average, however not on par with Hyatt offerings in Tokyo. The best thing about the concept is that laundry, excellent breakfast, minibar, movies and internet are complimentary. Yes, I did say laundry and excellent breakfast. The only minor downside and it is small, is that the flooring should be spic and span. The staff try hard but need a little more experience, this should come with time. Highly recommended.	
Jun 22 2008 	Over the top on trendiness and price	The entrance to the Andaz is a bit difficult to find. I wandered the streets next to Liverpool station looking for the entrance, wondering if I had the correct address. I came to find out it was just due to very discreet signage, and the hotel is in fact, as indicated, right next to the station. Yes, as other reviewers have indicated, it is a very trendy and non-traditional lobby and greeting. The gentleman that checked me in was very friendly, and showed me to my room. The experience as a whole was very nice; the rooms were clean, well equipped, and had some nice extras that you wouldn't find elsewhere. Free internet, free movies, free fruit juice and water in your room... However, all of these things have to be free to come close to justifying the price tag. I stayed here due to proximity to an office building where I was having meetings, but otherwise would have certainly looked elsewhere for a better value. On a Thursday night, they charged 385 sterling. In my opinion, about double what it was worth. So, while I would highly recommend this hotel if price were not a consideration, the price tag alone would prohibit me from staying here again. In fairness, on the weekends the rate drops significantly as business travelers are no longer the customer base. For the Friday and Saturday nights following my stay, it was only 140 sterling. Much more worthwhile! So if you're a weekend visitor, definitely check this place out!	
Jun 17 2008	Terrific Hotel with all the extras included!!!	My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt ANDAZ in London for three nights in May, while in town for the Chelsea Flower Show. It is located just outside the entrance of Liverpool Station, which makes getting around very quick and easy. There is no reception desk. When you arrive one of the staff greets you with a tablet computer and checks you in quickly and easily. We checked in early (about 10:00 am…check in time is 2:00 pm) with no problem, and were also upgraded to a deluxe king room for no additional cost. Just a short aside here…If you’ve been to London lately you may have noticed that it is difficult to find English speaking staff in hotels, but that is NOT the case here…all staff spoke perfect English, and many were clearly London natives…a really nice situation. Our room was AMAZING. Sixteen foot ceilings, huge floor space, beautiful décor, floor to ceiling windows, and a very large Plasma television (more on that later).The entire place…public spaces as well as guestrooms, is ultra-modern. This may be off-putting to some, particularly when you consider that the hotel occupies a nineteenth century building, but we loved it! The large bathrooms are WONDERFUL, with huge soaking tubs and separate shower. The toilet is like the ones on airplanes, and can be a bit noisy unless you close the door. Everything was spotlessly clean and maintained daily to the highest possible standards. The bed linens and towels were of the best quality, and showed no wear or staining.The room includes breakfast in the rate ($60.00 American per person if you purchase it separately) and they will bring you anything that you want at any time. This policy includes ROOM SERVICE if you want it. One morning I had an English breakfast, but since I can’t eat eggs, I ordered a double order of Scottish smoked salmon and an American style waffle instead. No one batted an eyelash, and everything was perfect. The meal also included FRESH SQUEEZED orange juice! The price of the room also includes unlimited laundry and dry cleaning, with same day service if you get your laundry in early in the day. The laundry is returned either hung up, or packed in wicker baskets lined in tissue. They even pressed my tee shirts! The minibar is also included. It contains bottled water (still and sparkling) and the most wonderful bottled organic fruit juices I have ever tasted. If you want more, just go down to the lobby pantry and help yourself to as much as you want.The problems were minimal. We couldn’t get the room cold enough for us, and the high tech lighting system was tough to figure out. Our main problem was the television, which turned itself on at 4:20 am each morning. We were told that this was an error, as 4:20 am was the time when the system was reset each day. I’m sure that this issue has been resolved by now, but just in case, unplug the television before you go to sleep…surely a minor inconvenience compared to the huge number of positives at this fine establishment.I can’t imagine returning to London without staying at the ANDAZ again. It was wonderful. Hyatt is opening ANDAZ branded facilities in New York, Beijing, and elsewhere. I will seek them out whenever possible.	
Feb 20 2008 	Overall very good though lobby/check in a bit different	Very modernised lobyby/lifts/room - not sure that lobby was better for not having a reception desk but worked fairly well - staff were very helpful at all stages.Room, bed and bathroom all good size, clean and comfortable.Breakfast very good but service fairly slow, even for drinks - to be fair it was very busy but still a bit too slow - probably was 15+mins for drinks, 20+mins for any food but arrived with US pancakes/waffles as well as Englsh options and fresh croissants. Breakfast would have been very expensive (&gt; £60 for two) if not included in room rate.Difficult to find way from front part of hotel to breakfast room, no signs, had to ask someone and it was very circituous, if we'd known we'd have walked around outside!The old staircases had some great decoration, likewise the bar.Valet parking was a very good helpful service.Only negative was we asked for early check-in (in advance) but they don't offer this as a feature, just said if you turn up early you might get it - as we were on a tight schedule to go to a wedding we couldn't afford to risk delay so had to travel up in our wedding clothes. Think at this level of hotel they should offer it to the extent available, or be clearer about it.	
Feb 7 2008 	Andaz - Why oh Why have they spoilt it !	Having been a regular patron of the Great Eastern Hotel, I have now stayed in its re-incarnation “Andaz” twice. The first time, the hotel was full, so my only option of a room was the somewhat demure “Queen Suite” - which didn’t even have a bath ! I found the new check-in procedures OK, if a little “Gimmicky” but there was not the usual sense of “Nothing is too much Trouble” which was one of the Great Eastern’s defining strengths.I tried again a couple of nights ago - This time in a king suite (£376 inc. tax) - which is quite a handsome price - even in London. I had requested a smoking room - “Sorry this Room is not a smoking room and we have none available anyway”. I ordered a Mojito - and was served a weak Rum &amp; Soda with a sprig - well more acurately a flop of old wilted mint - it was thoroughly awful. The Bed was not kingsize, the bedroom too hot, the lounge too cold, the healthy bar - water and a couple of juices, disappointing.And what on earth have they done to the place ??The Gugennheim inspired tundra now has pretentious writings adorning, as do the lifts’ ceilings ! It is cultural vandalism ! If this is what Hyatt brings to the party, they will not be getting my invite !I feel this formerly Conran Hotel was one of the best I had stayed in, whilst in its GEH guise, but the new “Hip” Andaz has left me with a bitter, and expensive taste in my mouth ! I need to find a new base in London !	
Jan 1 2008 	Great New Hotel Concept	I spent New Year's Eve in London and stayed at the Andaz hotel. We had a 22 layover in London and decided to make it part of our vacation! We ended up using our Hyatt points for the hotel, but rates were pretty reasonable (~$350). The hotel is near the financial disrict so it caers to business travelers. It is styled very similarly to the W hotel chain. For New Years the hotel did not seem to be very crowded and I'm guessing the rates were lower that normal. The price includes EVERYTHING - laundry, dry cleaning, pressing, huge breakfast, bottles water and juice ... for London this is an amazing deal. Our breakfast came to 70 pounds for 3 people! You can get anything off the menu (very extensive) -- we opted for room service and were not charged any extra fees. The hotel is literally right next door to Liverpool Station so getting around London is pretty easy. Staff is very nice and accomodating.A few problems ...-The room was very hot and the inroom AC/Heat controls didn't seem to work very well.-We had an interior room ... window looks out to an interior courtyard with in the hotel that in enclosed with a glass roof. I found this really odd. Had I been in London for longer that 22 hours I would not have accepted this room.-the bathtub is REALLY high and difficult ot get in and out ofAll in all, it's a great hotel with a great concept. I would definitely return and look forward to this hotel line.	
Jan 1 2008 	Nuevo concepto de Hotel en la City londinense		
Nov 23 2009 	Excelente		
Nov 12 2009 	très bien		
Oct 15 2009 	Magnífico.		
Oct 11 2009 	hotel design très bien situé à Victoria Station		
Jul 7 2009 	Bon rapport qualité-prix pour Londres		
Feb 18 2009 	Schönes Hotel aber schlechter Service		
Dec 29 2008 	Service Style und Special		
Jun 27 2008 	Pas parfait mais presque		
