	Very nice would certainly revisit	I visited this hotel for 7 nights this November, and I was very pleased with the service that we received relative to the good price that we paid for our stay. The hotel is in a relatively central location, just minutes away from the tube. The room was basic but had whatever was necessary to make our stay a good one, cleaned and having fresh towels provided on a daily basis. Breakfast was a good one, with fresh fruit being really fresh, whilst the hotel environment and staff were extremely helpful. This hotel is ideal for anyone looking for a centrally located budget hotel in london for a very good price, and we'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 10 2009 	Poor value hygiene and easily one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in	Firstly, the location is not really Notting Hill. That would make it somewhat upmarket. No lift to the fifth floor.Walls in bed and bathroom covered in mould. Noisy throughout the night due to firedoors in corridor slamming and paper thin walls. Overall dirty and grimy with linen that looked unchanged. During the night we even had a vistor of the four legged furry kind rummaging through our luggage... NOT something you would expect in a city hotel. Don't be fooled by the photos that they have on their website like I was. Oh did I forget to mention that the staff were reasonably consistent in their abilty to give incorrect directions to basic landmarks. Wifi was also relatively expensive compared to most hotels that now have free wifi as standard. The location is not an easy walk from the tube if you have luggage. Would recommend staying closer to paddington if you are coming to London from an international destination and wanting to avoid cab rides or treacherous battles between luggage and steep escalators and stairs which are characteristic of both bayswater and queensway tube stations.	
Nov 9 2009 	Getting tired; time to spend some money	The UMI needs some urgent renovations; particularly the bathrooms which consistently disappoint on every visit. Last time, it was paint peeling off the side of the bath and lukewarm shower water; this time it was a leaking tap and shower head that dripped all night and wasted litres of water. Nevertheless we like to stay here because it is in a great location in lovely Bayswater, only 5 mins walk from the Bayswater tube station and Queensgate Road Restaurants. The reception area is also nice, and the staff are very friendly at all hours, which is also nice. The breakfast here is great and speedy, but the restaurant downstairs for night dining is to be avoided at all costs - horrible food, shockingly bad service and depressing ambience. How they think anyone can eat with muzic blaring and sports playing on a silent large TV screen is beyond us.	
Nov 6 2009 	Didn't quite live up to its advertising but still a good choice	We stayed for one night only (as planned - we didn't walk out!), wanted somewhere inexpensive, convenient for an appointment the next day, in a nice area and not depressing, and it ticked all these boxes.The decor of the room was a little odd, I think they'd taken over another hotel and not yet redecorated. It didnt fit their young and groovy image, and was a bit tired and old-fashioned, though it was pleasant and inoffensive. I would guess the main new additions would have been the bed (very good, though not big for americans) and the flatscreen digital TV with freeview, a nice touch. We had the executive room, not sure it was worth it, though it wa a good size so maybe the standards are tiny. The bathroom was minute - just a toilet and shower - but was freshly painted.As well as the reasonable price and fairly nice room, the best thng was the great location - on a lovely and very quiet square with a park in the middle. But a block away from Westbourne Grove, with more restaurants and shops than you could shake a stick at. Frankly I can forgive the odd loose floorboard for the beautiful old building we were in - if you want standardisation, go to a Holiday Inn (the hotel does have a lift, though)I wouldn't come here for my honeymoon, but I'd happily stay again.	
Nov 5 2009 	Good value but tired rooms	The hotel recepton was very friendly and helpful and the reception area is very smart and clean. The room was small and the decor of the room and the corridors is very tired and really needs to be upgraded and first impressions on entering the room were disappointing. Once used to it, it was fne and was very clean. The locaton is pretty handy to the underground or the bus to the West End and walking distance to Kensington.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wouldn't recommend to a friend but ok for the money	Stayed here for two nights at the begining of October with my boyfriend for his birthday. I chose the hotel because it was the cheapest yet the best reviews for a 3* hotel i could find. The room was an ok size, (at the end of the day your only sleeping in it) the sink was in the bedroom, and the bathroom was so tiny you litrally couldn't swing a cat in it. The bathroom was full of black mould and absolutly stank of foust, but, it was clean to use both shower and toilet, just didn't look very nice. I'd read reviews before staying at this hotel, and a couple said about creeky floorboards..that didn't stop me booking. BUT, seriously, were talking LOUD creeky floorboards from the room above that kept us up until 1am! And our room was next to the lifts so that was noisey too! So if you are sensitve to noise, do not stay at this hotel, or ask for a room on top floor away from lifts.The breakfast was good. It def filled us up til lunch. You had 4 options to choose from including toast, muffins, cereals, fruit, teas, hot chocolate, orange juice, apple juice etc. Was very nice, no need for a cooked full english.It was about a 6 minute walk to bayswater station, and a 12 minute walk to Queensway station. They are the nearest stations to the hotel. You could obviously get a much closer hotel, but this was ok if you can be bothered to walk.....in the rain.All in all, it was an ok Hotel, wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to a friend really. It was good for the money tho, I piad £150 for 2 nights including breakfast, so in London, that isn't bad. The staff couldn't have been more friendly either.	
Sep 25 2009 	Disappointing room but good location	We upgraded to stay in a Grove Room for a few nights but were very disappointed. The towels were stained and bathroom was small, and the 'quality' coffee and tea were basic. The bathrobes didn't match and overall the room was quite shabby and needed work. The bedhead was attached to the wall by two short screws that didn't hold when leaning on it to watch TV. The location was good - being walking distance to Metro station, restaurants, pubs and other essentials like pharmacy and groceries (but there's no fridge in the room so don't buy anything that needs refridgerating!). The hotel has a cafe and restaurant but we chose to eat out as there were lots of great options like Thai and Indian and fast food options if you're after something quick.	
Sep 24 2009 	Disappointing	We stayed at Uni for 3 nights on our way to Europe after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. The staff on reception were very pleasant, however we were quite disappointed with the hotel overall. As we arrived about 8am in the morning, we had to store our bags until checkin time at 2pm - the luggage room can be accessed by anyone who asks for the key &amp; so is open to theft by anyone who goes in there - I stress that we did not have anything taken but the opportunity is certainly there - luggage security definitely needs to be looked at.For 2 of the 3 nights we had no hot water - the reason given was that in older buildings the pump can have trouble lifting the water to the 3rd &amp; 4th floors. Management did have the problem attended to quite quickly &amp; were very apologetic but when you have to shower in cold water it's no fun. We also ventured down to the &quot;restaurant&quot; one night for dinner but the menu is very limited &amp; they weren't open to preparing anything that wasn't on the menu (even something as simple as a toasted cheese &amp; tomato sandwich). The tables were very basic &amp; there was absolutely no charm about the surroundings so we ended up going elsewhere to eat. On the other hand, the breakfast room is very pleasant &amp; you have a choice of cereals etc with the continental-style breakfast which was included in our room-rate.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Bayswater &amp; Queensway tube stations so it is very easy to get around London. There is also an excellent Chinese restaurant near the tube at Bayswater as well as a plethora of other eating establishments &amp; pubs in the area.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent experience - better than expected!	The UMI Hotel in Bayswater is great. If you have any experience with a European three star hotel, then you will know exactly what you are getting with UMI - except just a bit better. It is clean, extremely close to 3 underground stops and several major bus lines (I cannot explain why any reviewer would complain about this - but some have), the service is friendly, the breakfast is fine, the televisions in the rooms are wonderful, and the Bayswater part of town is within walking distance of Notting Hill and Kensington Park. Around the front lobby areas the hotel has documented the history of the hotel's space - explaining how the row houses were converted into a hotel and who used to live in each home. I just mention this to explain the thoughtfulness put into some aspects of the hotel. It is an older building - the elevator is slow (but, hey, there IS one) and the carpet is worn in places - but, oh well. It doesn't detract from the value of the hotel or take away from your vacation in London. For three pounds you can purchase a 1 hour internet card - and if you are just using it to send an infrequent email or check theatre times you will be fine with that for your stay. There are four computers available for guests - and I never had a problem getting on any of them. Some have complained about the noise at the hotel - and I cannot explain that either. The hotel is quiet - especially at night. It is a sleepy part of town - very residential and mostly full of similar styled hotels. The doors to each room are fire doors - found frequently throughout London - and they are heavy, so they do slam. But, the noise is not bad - especially when most of the hotel is sleeping. The water pressure in the sinks and showers is awesome - and there were no problems with water temperature either. Each day we received fresh towels and our room was cleaned. The television gets many, many channels. The bed is not great - but it is clean and good enough. The room is small, but it won't be a surprise if you do some research first (like reading this!). The room is good enough for sleeping, showering, dressing, and storing your things - you shouldn't be spending much time in the hotel anyway! We were there in August - so it was hot, but not too bad - we kept our windows open all the time for cooler air (and, I would still say the hotel is quiet!). The morning breakfast is good enough - hot drinks, pastries, cereal, yogurt. There are plenty of daily newspapers and magazine available to take. There is also a place to store your luggage if you arrive too early or fly out late (if you want to store something important behind the front desk instead of in the municipal storage closet, just ask). All in all - it was a great place to stay. You cannot beat the price - and, it is important to mention, even though this is a budget hotel, you are not treated like a budget traveler - nor do you feel like one staying here. The staff is helpful, and the hotel is full of happy travelers from all over the world - families, college students, older people, married couples - I was quite surprised because I guess I was expecting just travelers like me (young). I think the diversity of guests speaks to the comfort of the hotel - this isn't just a hotel for backpackers and study-abroad Americans (though I am sure both types would enjoy their stay at the UMI!).	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location nice for the price	We stayed here for 4 nights at a fabulous rate I found through the UK tourist website. I agree with a lot of what the others have said. The rooms are clean (staff seems very hardworking) but a lot of things are old and a little run down. Rooms are small and bathrooms are tiny but servicible. We did notice noice from upstairs neighbors, but I've had the same problem in lots of hotels this is extremely difficult to fix and in an old building like this one probably next to impossible. The service was very good and we liked the simple breakfast. The neighborhood is beautiful and quiet, while being only a couple of blocks away from the underground, shopping, restaurants, and of course Hyde Park. Our three teens liked their room and the flat screen. Only real complaint was no air conditioning. It was pretty stuffy at night, and we had to leave the windows open all the time. The windows opened very wide but we were on the fourth floor and there were no screens. If I had young children I would have been seriously concerned this is a real safety hazard.	
Jul 31 2009 	Basic Hotel Great Service Fantastic Location	We initially chose to stay at the UMI Hotel for convenience as it was the pickup and drop-off point for our tour group. We were slightly concerned after reading mixed reviews but were pleasantly surprised.We stayed on the 5th floor and both room and bathroom were much larger than we expected. We even had a mini walk-in wardrobe. Nice wallpaper, and an Audrey Hepburn theme which seem to carry throughout the hotel. Both room and bathroom were clean although the some of the bathroom fixtures should be updated. It took us a while to get used to how to turn on hot water for the shower. The hotel provided kettle, hair dryer and there was a flat screen tv with cable. Iron can be provided on request. I would suggest that you also leave your windows open when you're out and about because we occasionally returned to the room and there was a strange smell. We didn't know what it was, but put it down to poor ventilation. Like when you walk into a school demountable that hasn't been aired out. Also, there's no elevator to the 5th floor because its on the roof so you take the elevator to the 4th and then take the stairs. The service however was FANTASTIC! The reception, staff at breakfast as well as the cleaners were very friendly. The staff were very helpful in recommending nearby restaurants, routes to supermarkets, cinemas and sites. When we needed to print tickets out for a tour we booked to Stonehenge they were eager and willing to print it for us. Also, because the room doesn't have a fridge, if you have some food you need to store in the fridge, you can just give it to them with your name and room number and they'll store it for you. Another example is when we returned at 10.30pm and wanted cake but the hotel cafe was closed. The staff still went out of their way to get it for us.The hotel also offers a free service if you want to book tours or shows. He also provided us with a walking tour route of London. Breakfast was good, but its not buffet-style. Every morning you choose 4 things off their menu and then they serve it to you. Plenty of newspapers to read! Location was PERFECT! A few blocks away from Basywater Station and a little further down is Queensway Station and Kensington Gardens. There's about 4 supermarkets including Tesco Express, M&amp;S, Sainsbury and a Chinese supermarket about 3-5 minutes walk away. There's also plenty of restaurants from Italian, Chinese, Japanese, Indian as well as Whiteleys shopping centre which has a small cinema. Really great area, lovely character buildings, clean and also very safe. We got back at about 12am on a weekday and it was lively and buzzing.Would probably stay at the hotel again. Really loved the area, and although the room wss basic, it was clean and you need to remember that you're going to be out most of the day anyway and really only want a place to sleep. The service was really high, and the staff need to be commended. Recommended if you're looking for an inexpensive hotel in a great area with lots to do.	
Jul 29 2009 	it was great!	we loved umi hotel, we stayed for 5 days, and we were so happy! very cute breakfast in the morning just simple yogurt, croissant, juice, coffee, tea, fruit. 4 options. very nice. the rooms were very clean- simple nice, hair dryer, soaps, flat screen tv, etc. was very close to train just a few blocks - we loved the area! in fact our 2nd hotel was so bad we tried to come back but umi was booked so we got another one around the corner we didnt want to leave bayswater. nice people, good internet although a little pricey we later found out that just up the block on the way to the train there was the same time limit for 2 pounds less. but we want to stay there every time we go back	
Jul 28 2009 	Good value and location	Room was very clean,bathroom small but well supplied with towels and soaps.Hotel is well located for the tube and shops and is close to Kensington gardens . Staff were pleasant and helpful.As a light sleeper i requested a quiet room and was duly given one looking onto Leinster square which ensured a good nights sleep.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London on a budget looking to do some sight seeing.I did not use the hotel restaurant but prices seemed very reasonable.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not what we were hoping for	The reason I booked this hotel was its fantastic website promising ' a new concept in hotels...to offer you some of the best London hotel accommodation, with excellent service and facilities, all at a value price.' As a young couple this really sounded up our street! I kept an eye on the price of a Grovsner Room as it fluctuated right up to £165 per night and after finding it for just under £80 I jumped at the chance of a 'great deal' expecting a fresh, vibrant and funky hotel with comfortable, contempory rooms (again a reflection of the website).On arriving at the hotel we werre definatley impressed with the location and the hotel building (it really was a Notting Hill setting). The staff were helpful as promised and everything was looking good! The only problem was on enterering our room... The furniture looked like something you would pick up at a car boot sale and the bathroom was so small it couldn't even fit a sink in it which subseqently was in our bedroom. It definatley was not the type of room we had been promised...and paid extra for as a Grovsner Room. I even had to call downstairs to double check we had the right room. I know that finding a room in London for under £100 a night can be a challenge but I really believe that Umi Hotels are promoting a false idea of what the hotel has to offer.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good value for London	I liked the location of this hotel; it's about three blocks from Queensway Street (with loads of restaurants and pubs) and four blocks from the Bayswater tube station on the Circle Line. I liked the neighborhood, with its multicultural busy streets. Our room was of a good size, although (I'm guessing it's because the building was older) it had about a 10-degree list. I'm not kidding, it slanted that much. You could feel the slant even ont he ground floor. Also, while we never heard anything from our neighbors to either side of us, we heard everything from our neighbors above us. Very thin ceiling, plus the floors creaked so much. For the most part, our upstairs neighbors didn't do anything out of the ordinary but it was very loud in our room. I'm sure we were the same to the people below us. Get a room on the top floor! The staff was very nice, although the breakfasts were overprices. If you go in looking for a home base with a nice location, this is the place for you. Also, we ewre very close to Kensington Gardens, so my wife go up early and was able to run most mornings. Internet was available, but for a price.	
Jul 9 2009 	Really Old and Dirty	We have booked three rooms and paid in advance through hotel websites. However, when we check-in they said we have only booked one room! Finally, only our parents can stay in the hotel ,rest of us had to stay in an apartment for one night. We finally got another two rooms next day, but finally they did not give us an explaination why they did not have our booking. I did not satisfied about the room. Firstly, there are some stains on the carpet, and it seems the carpet have not been cleaned for a long period of time. Secondly, we find that the two reading lamps did not working, we had to wait for three days before the lamps repaired. Thirdly, the hair dryer was too weak, fortunately my sister had brought one.There are too many doors in the corridor, I think they are unnesssary and only make people inconvenient go in and go out! If possible, do not choose the rooms on fifth floor - lifts can only go to fourth floor and you must go to fifth floor by stair. The hotel give us the room on fifth floor, we were very clumsy when taking our suitcase to walk the stairs!The only advantange for the hotel is location - quite near to the Bayswater underground station and there are also some restaurants it is very convinent for dining and sightseeing. However, compare with the money I paid, I do not think it is worth to get a such room and service!	
Jul 4 2009 	Umi Deluxe suite	We moved to the Umi hotel from Ibis hotel in Barking and we were very happy. We booked in a deluxe suite in one of the adjusting buildings. The room had a nice view into a park in front of the building. Area was quiet and room was very cozy. It was very small though, but as we stayed only a few nights we did not bother. There was a little kitchnette and everything looked nice. Well chosen colors and nice furniture did a good impression. If you looked closer, lots of things were damaged or hardly holding together. So that decreased the final rating. Staff was helpful as far as we needed. Breakfast was not special, but was OK. We got what we expected and after seeing Barking we were happy to move to the Bayswater... :-D	
Jul 2 2009 	Very Good Location	I stood four nights at UMI Hotel in London and I was very pleased about its location. The underground stations are near and it is a very quiet area in London, although close to restaurants and cafés, perfect for a night walk. I agree with the other customers about the noise and the flushing problems, but our room was cozy and I slept very well. I will surely come back.	
Jun 28 2009 	Room service gave us their garbage	Okay, this is a budget hotel but *still*... We stayed for four nights, having booked from overseas and having had friends who stayed here. It wasn't much for *London* prices (89GBP to 139 GBP) but it still seemed like a complete waste of money. We were woken on the first morning by obscene shouting coming from the corridor/next room. I thought maybe it was guests and ignored it for a while, but when we left I realized who was making the noise. We were next to room service's little 'office' on the third floor. Okay, so the doors and walls were thin. But on the last morning we were woken by room service shouting about the &quot;[--] bottles in the room, why are there so many [--] bottles in the bl**dy room.&quot; Nice.Perhaps because we didn't tip room service, they basically didn't bother to clean the room after the first day; I mean, they made the bed, but they didn't bother wiping down the sink (which is in the bedroom, yes).There was also the matter of the leaking bath faucets, which probably disturbed someone downstars, as a hotel employee tried to get into our room while my fiancee was showering in order to see whether we were somehow joyously spraying water all over the bathroom. They didn't fix it that day while we were out; instead we went through the same rigmarole the next morning; this time, we were finished our showers and let them in to look at the tub. They fixed it with a LOT of grout.The hotel needs a bit of repair; creaking floorboards and shrieking taps are a noisy, bed is really uncomfortable and you just roll off it basically... the tub is cracked and the bathroom ceiling was mouldy ... but okay, this is budget... yes, the tv worked fine (except when you plug something in--and then it just stops) ... Probably the best part of this was on the third night when we arrived back to find a full bag of garbage in our room left by room service. I guess they 'forgot' it. Awesome. I took it down to reception and they wrote something down in their little book, apologized... but that was it. I guess that was business as usual at Umi Hotel.If for some reason you do go there and need wireless access to search for your next stay, don't spend 3GBP for 3 hours on the internet, go down the street to one of the several internet cafes there.Oh and of course... do keep in mind that if you don't check in by 11am, you will be required to pay for or stay for two nights, rather than just one.	
Jun 24 2009 	Family trip to London - Umi is ok	Very British standard, anyway clean hotel in the beautiful old building. Renovated but in the British way. Not for the people who want big hotel chain standards.Quite a good situation (Bayswater and Queensway underground stations in 5-10 mins walking distance). A lot of teenager guests who were having fun on the hotel door steps during the night on Friday / Sunday -&gt; very noisy two nights of our five nights. The floors of the old house make noise as well. Have your ear plugs with you :).Beautiful small park in front of the hotel. Good breakfast in nice restaurant. During the breakfast you could see the quiet guests (couples, families) as well. Very international.Umi has a concierge service and for example Mme Tussauds &amp; sightseeing bus tour tickets can be bought in the hotel without queing.Overall: ok.	
Jun 13 2009 	Beware!	My friend and I stayed at the Umi once at the outset of our trip before flying to Italy and also at the conclusion before flying home to the US. The first room had the sink in the bedroom. The sink had two faucets, one for hot and one for cold, and neither worked very well. There is a trick to getting the toilet to flush by repeatedly pumping the handle. The carpeting had huge stains and the bed gave me a backache. The shower was impossible to turn off and you needed to grab a towel in order to get a strong grip on the shut off valve. When staying in the second room, all the same problems remained except now our crummy sink was in the bathroom. What amazed me is that, on one hand I was worried that I couldn't flush the toilet, yet I could watch a flat screen tv. I'm not sure Umi has its priorities straight. I'm not used to luxury when I travel but this was a little too much for me.	
Jun 9 2009 	Small room but good location. Bad for car parking.	It was ok. The room was very small which i knew beforehand but it was clean and good enough for a couple of days. I had big hassles getting out of the hotel though as there is no where to park and load up the car and i had to park down the street and try to ring up and pay for parking even though i was leaving and only wanted to grab my cases and go. I tried ringing and ended up spending a heap more $$ on the phone call than the parking fee. I was really annoyed as all i wanted to do was go and i thought it was all ridiculous. They should get special permission for a drop off/pickup bay. it is in a good location, near Hyde park and Oxford St.	
Jun 8 2009 	Very disappointed	although staff are helpful and polite. I am afraid the hotel is let down by at least the room I stayed in. It was not cleaned well and the furniture a litle shabby. Taps and showers didnt work well. One good point is its location. Near to tube ,shops and many types of eateries.	
Jun 3 2009 	Impressive hotel in London	We stayed in the en-suite twin bedrooms. Although rooms are a little small, they are nicely designed and with all amenities provided - clean towels, wardrobe, tea and coffee, hair dryer, iron and ironing board. The hotel is located slightly off the Bayswater high street so there are plenty of eateries and shops nearby! Will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Jun 2 2009 	nice great value for london	I was really impressed with Umi Hotel. The location is very pleasant - on a quiet square with a nice little park and very close to some decent restaurants. Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are about a 10 minute walk from the hotel and a taxi from Paddington costs about 7 pounds. Rooms are small, but clean - the rooms overlooking the park are nice. And they have small LCD TVs, which is a nice touch. The only negative thing is that the noise in the hallways of people hauling their luggage can be a little annoying, and the floors are pretty creaky, but it's an oldish building, so that's to be expected. The continental breakfast is really substantial and you get proper lattes if you want also. The staff were also really friendly and warm. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2009 	Well worth the money simple but clean	I stayed in the Umi hotel with friends, we booked quite late, literally a few days before we went &amp; this was a last option. We had looked at a few other hotels within this price range &amp; found they had bad reviews so we just hoped for the best with this one.When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised to find it situated in quite a nice area, though it wasn't the best it was out of the way enough to allow a decent sleep. The tube station was a short walk away &amp; the location wasn't awful, as we did most of our travelling on the tubes &amp; knew the lines quite well already.The room we had was a twin bunk, it was 2 bunk beds, a desk, freeview television, kettle &amp; en-suite. It was clean , white sheets on the bed which were spotless so I can't complain. Bathroom was statisfactory, not spotless but not dirty as such. Though two of the lights were literally hanging off the wall (Yes safety hazard you would think) there was no major issues, though I was fairly annoyed that you had to squeeze against the wall to get to the top bunk on one of the beds, they had clearly not thought the postion of the bed through.Overall I liked the hotel, I found it was clean &amp; well worth the money. I would definately stay here next time I visit London as the price is great for what you get &amp; I've heard some real horror stories of other hotels.	
May 7 2009 	Nice stay	We were 3 persons who stayed 3 nights in May in a double and single room. Very good service in reception and breakfast room. Good breakfast apart from tea and coffee which did not taste very much. Big double room, but very small single room. Comfort in beds could have been better. Otherwise great location in quet surroundings	
May 3 2009 	could not fault it	We were a group of 10 girls on a hen weekend from Wales. Very close to Paddington Station and a few minutes walk from shops and restaurants. Very friendly staff, rooms were very clean and our towels were changed eventhough we were only there for two nights which we didn't expect.Continental breakfast was very nice and was served until noon. The barman in the bar downstairs was very friendly and stayed open until the early hours!! Would definatly recommend this hotel and would stay again if I were to visit London.Great weekend, thanks!	
Apr 1 2009 	Good to visit London	The hotel is in a perfect position to visit London, very close to the yellow, red and green tube line (I think this is the strongest point of this structure).Rooms are old (wooden flat, old moquette) but sufficiently clean and spacious.The quarter is lovely and very quiet; in a fiew minutes by feet you are in Queensway, an animated and cool street full of pubs, restaurant, night opened supermarketPrices of rooms are cheap for London. I would advise this hotel	
Mar 18 2009	thank you	we stayed at umi london last week we were a group of 42 people, we had such a great stay the staff was really friendly and hard working, the food was great the breakfast was much more than we expectted ( continential) the concierge was very helpfull and the reception staff and cafe staff was very hard working and nice, the rooms were very clean the housekeeping was fantastic! great location , quite hotel and great prices.we are deffinently coming back.and we were very happy with our stay there.thank you to all umi staff	
Mar 5 2009 	Mmmm - not quite sure.	I am not sharing the love for this hotel. Maybe I got an old single room but it was decidedly tatty and poorly furnished. The bathroom had a pull cord light for goodness sake. On the plus side the staff were friendly and with loads of European families staying there was a very nice atmosphere about the place. I will stay again and see if I was just unlucky with the room but overall I have stayed in better value for money alternatives in pretty much the same location.	
Feb 6 2009 	Highly Recommended - Fab place for the price	This is a gem of an hotel in one of the best locations in London. Its near to all forms of public transport in a very nice area of London.Reception, cafe and relaxation areas were clean, stylish and comfortable. Loads of free daily newpapers, Timeout etc.Roam was compact and neat as a pin. Very comfortable bed(single). Had little extras such as a sewing kit, tea and cofee etc which one does not expect from an hotel in London in this category. Breakfast for me was great - A big frothy cappucino, croissants, muesli and orange juice along with a national daily newspaper.Service in reception was courteous and efficent. I stayed here on the night of the worst snow in London in 18 years (1st Feb 2009) and so glad that I did.Recommend this place without hesitation.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Place to Stay in London	Recently stayed 3x at the Umi in between trips visting friends. The place was fantastic. Clean, friendly and very reasonably priced. My first impression was how clean the room was. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate for a moment to return to the Umi and am thankful for this hotel helping make my stay in the UK enjoyable.	
Jan 6 2009 	Served its purpose well	I decided to stay at the umi hotel because of its location, price (£89 between three of us) and its reasonable reviews on this website. On reaching the hotel (which we didn't have very good directions to and only arrived at thanks to a passerby) we were pleased to see quite modern decor and it seemed to be very clean. The receptionist said all the right things although seemed to have an abrupt manner and her male counterpart was mcuh friendlier.She informed us we had been upgraded to a quad room which was excellent as we were supposed to be getting a triple bunk. The lift was in good condition and the room was average but very clean and had a good view onto a pretty garden in the middle of leinster square. The windows were hard to use and we didn't really want to use the shower as it was old and although probably clean, wasn't very pleasant.There was a flat screen television in the room, a wardrobe and a safe (which cost £5 to use.)The duvets were very thin and i was cold at one point in the night, i was also awoken by footsteps above us but i suppose there's not much the hotel can do about that.The next day after checking out we were able to leave our luggage in the 'luggage room' which was very convenient as we didn't have to drag our luggage around all day, but again the same receptionist was not very pleasant.There was also a concierge at the hotel who although seemed sincere and was helpful enough, did not have a great grasp of english (something i would consider vital for a concierge) and couldn't supply us with a tube map, although did tell us where the station was etc.The cafe in the hotel was very nicely decorated and the breakfast was really nice with a friendly waitress, the only downside was that her lack of english caused her to get my order wrong twice. The day of our arrival however, we sat in the cafe to order a drink and perhaps something to eat (it claims to be available throughout the day) and after waiting for ages i eventually went and asked the receptionist if we could get something from the cafe politely. She replied &quot;What do you want?&quot; to which i said we didn't know but would like to ask what was available etc.On retrospect the umi served us well for our purpose as we were only there for one night. It was comfortable enough, had a great location and price. However, I wouldn't recommend it for a longer stay than this as i didn't feel inclined to use the shower. Also, although the staff were helpful enough that particular receptionist had a terrible manner and didn't make eye contact with us once. I would stay again if I had to stay for one night, but for longer periods I would invest in a hotel with better bathrooms.	
Dec 15 2008 	Average	This hotel is not too badly priced by London standards - I booked through the hotel website quite far in advance. The location is good - safe, not too noisy and a five minute walk from Bayswater underground. The room was tiny (but that's inevitable in London and for the price), but clean and well stocked with robes, hot drinks etc. The bathroom was clean with a good shower. Breakfast was not too bad, and included. A good system, but a bit stingey. Nice coffee though! The staff on the whole weren't too bad - not exactly sunbeams of joy and laughter but not rude either. All in all, it's a good value hotel but doesn't have much character.	
Dec 11 2008 	Great Hotel!!!	I will deifintely return to this hotel. It is situated in a safe neighbourhood with all the amenities one could need. The hotel staff were friendly and very informative. They even booked my London bus tour from the hotel. They have a great cab service which is reliable and reasonable. There is a restaurant and bar in the hotel if you are up for a nightcap before bed. The nearest tube station is Bayswater and it is very central (on the central line) so not far from anywhere you wish to go. The rooms were clean and comfortable. I would stay here again without question and their rates are fantanstic in comparrison to others in the neighbourhood. I highly recommend the Umi!!	
Nov 29 2008 	Very disappointed	We decided to use this hotel following high recommendations from this site however I was extremely disappointed. The initial entrance and reception was very pleasant and the staff were very friendly. On entering our room, 116 at the rear of the hotel, the first thing we noticed was it was in dire need of modernisation. Although it was fairly large, the sink was in the main bedroom (which took up a quarter of the room), and there was very little room between the bed and sink.., how this passed a health and safety check, I will never know. Thank god we didn't need to get out in an emergency. The taps in the sink both ran hot water so we had to buy bottled water to clean our teeth. Despite being at the rear of the hotel, there was noise throughout the night, (from inside the hotel), ie creaking floor boards and doors banging and if you want a lie in, well forget it..., the hoover starts at 8.30 am. Despite all the negatives, the hygiene was of a very high standard but I would not wish to go back. Also on a positive note, it was situated in a very pleasant part of London and within a couple of minutes from the hotel, you had all the shops and restaurants you could wish for.	
Nov 22 2008 	Loved Umi London	My family and I stayed 4 nights at Umi in October and really enjoyed our stay!!The staff was friendly and serviceminded, our quad room was nice and clean with four lovely single beds, a fridge and a nice private bathroom! The maids made the beds, cleaned the room and changed towels every day! It was great to come back to our hotel after a long day, shopping and sightseeing!The hotel had a bar, a small restaurant and internet, which is unusual for a budget hotel. The area was nice and calm, and close to restaurants, shops and the tube. We were also pleased with the price of this hotel = good value for the money! We really recommened this hotel and will stay there next time we go to London!	
Nov 19 2008 	Good value hotel in the center of London; clean 	This is a great place to stay if you're on a budget as it's clean, cheerful and right in the center of Nottinghill Gate/Bayswater. We paid £100/night for a family room with one double bed and one single for our 6-yr-old. The reception &amp; cafe staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were basic and small but clean. There is wear and tear on the bottom of the walls and doors, but otherwise the room was clean and cheerfully decorated. The beds and all linens/drapes were clean and new. The beds have white cotton-covered duvets which is a nice change from the usual polyester budget hotel bed covers. The bathroom was basic/small but clean and well-organized. The shower and bath worked and there was no lack of hot water for drawing a bath.There were only 3 minor negatives: 1. We were given a room on the ground floor facing the front of the building and it was a bit noisy from cars &amp; guests talking in front of the building at night. If you stay, definitely request a room facing the garden side which is very quiet. 2. The cafe continental breakfast isn't terribly filling--the croissants and muffins were rather empty of taste as well as calories. 3. The TV reception is awful--even the TV in the bar had fuzzy dots and lines through the programs being shown.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great!!!	Very pleasant stay, the staff were extremely friendly, room was clean and comfortable, food was lovely and not over priced, in a brilliant location. I was very impressed :)There were a few downsides to the stay: The chef didn't turn up on the 1st night there, but there are loads of places to eat within a 5 minute walk so that wasn't a problem.The room was slightly small, but we didn't spend much time in there so we didn't really notice it.The croissants at breakfast were cold! :) But again, everything else was lovely.I found that for the price of the rooms, this hotel is very good value and I would definately stay there again. It is very quirky, with the sink in the bedroom(as opposed to the bathroom) and slightly wonky floors...i think it used to be victorian town houses that have been joined to make a hotel, got lots of personality! We stayed in a 'Groove room' so we got a cafetiere with fresh coffee every day, and kimonos as well and a paper every day. Overall, a very nice stay :D	
Nov 1 2008 	Could do worse...	I have just returned from a week at Umi - I had a single room as I was on business. It's okay for a London hotel - I've definitely stayed in worse. The reception area and bar give the impression that it's reasonably smart and almost trendy but the rooms don't keep up the same image. My room was tiny but actually that didn't bother me. It was a bit odd having the sink in the bedroom part rather than the bathroom but one makes do. I did manage to pull my headboard off when I tried to move the bed as it was only glued on! They replaced it the next day so quick service! I think if you were coming for a romantic weekend you'd be disappointed as this isn't that sort of hotel. If you were backpacking or just wanted somewhere cheap to rest your head, if away on business, then this is ideal. The breakfast was a high point as the food and coffee's good quality rather than being cheap and nasty. I agree with another reviewer though that it feels like a hotel that's tried to be done up, but on the cheap. Overall I'd return if I wanted a weekend in London to visit museums and theatres etc as the location is fab. Staff were relatively friendly.	
Oct 31 2008 	Disappointed	I expected an average 3* hotel with good quality/price. But...The 1st room, was over-heated +++. i had to have the wondow wide open all the time. The TV didn't work &amp; the only way I could watch was by sitting in the sink (yeah the sink isn't in the bathroom). I changed room. The 2nd was just between the stairs &amp; the lifts and above the entrance of the hotel. I didn't sleep for 3 nights. A real nightmare.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great hotel to stay	I've just come back from 2 nights at the Umi hotel and I would definitely recommend this hotel to any of my friends and am planning a return visit next year. Its a lovely hotel in a beautiful area only 5 mins from Bayswater tube station. There are plenty of restaurants, bars and other amenities in the area.The staff were extremely pleasant and helpful and we were always greeted with a smile. The continental breakfast was included so helped us to a good start to the day and breakfast is served til 12 if you need a lie in. Our rooms were spotless and were a good size.	
Oct 21 2008 	good central london hotel	We stayed at the Umi Hotel in London on October 15th for 2 nights. After reading the last few reviews I was slightly nervous. We arrived at 8pm &amp; check in went smoothly &amp; the receptionist was very pleasant. We had a double room (408) and it was a really nice clean room (spotless infact) We also had a nice view of gardens out the window. The beverage tray was stocked with a range of teas &amp; coffees including fresh ground coffee. Breakfast was lovely with a good choice it was fast but that doesnt bother us, and the staff were friendly &amp; helpful. We would definitley stay at this Hotel again. The only complaint we would have is the floorboards from the room above,so maybe ask for a top floor room.The area around the Hotel is excellent, with a good range of restaurants,take aways, pubs &amp; shops. We used the Bayswater tube stop &amp; it was only a 5min walk to the Hotel. If you go on maps.google.co.uk it will give you exact walking instructions.	
Oct 8 2008 	Not worth the money	Very expensive for what it is. Rooms are old, very very small and noisy. The staff is not friendly. The breakfast is very expensive compared to a local pub breakfast. Really not a good choice for the price.	
Oct 8 2008 	OK but a bit disappointing	I booked Umi after reading some good reviews here and the location (Bayswater/Notting Hill) was convenient. On arrival I was pleased as it looks out onto a garden square and reception looked smart and contemporary. Staff were, at all times, lovely. However I was disappointed when I got to my room. I paid for a Grove room (311) - unfortunately I could not see why it was classed as a 'superior double'. The furnishings were old fashioned and tatty, the bathroom had seen better days and the bath really needs replacing. I had to go straight out and did not have the time or energy to complain to staff - I regret this now but I did complete a customer feedback form. The bed WAS comfy, the digital TV worked well, breakfast was simple but pleasant. If anything I was just disappointed that what could be a really nice 3* let itself down on presentation.	
Sep 25 2008 	A cut above	Umi definitely provides better value for money than many similarly-priced London hotels, especially if you are able to arrange a favourable rate by booking ahead.Last things first - the room is small, or at least, mine was. But then, what else does one need to do there when in London, other than rest, change clothes and maybe enjoy a cup of tea?My room, Nº 224, had a large window with a VIEW - not something you'll get at every London hotel. The room overlooked an idyllic garden where one could catch sight of squirrels playing; it was nice to just lift the blinds in the morning and lie in bed looking at the garden.Speaking of which, the bed was very comfortable: two nice pillows: coffee/tea facilities in room; modern, functional bathroom: and a flatscreen TV with a full assortment of channels (Lots of BBC and ITV plus CBeebies, Sky News, CNN and more) - again, not something you'll find at all comparably priced hotels.Someone was even thoughtful enough to hand little signs in the various rooms at ground level explaining who lived in each area of the Umi in 1891, and showing census extracts for that year.The hotel was not noisy but should you get a room with a window, pack earplugs just in case - I always do, for any hotel. Definitely a pleasant experience. Two things to bear in mind: 1) You will be asked for either a swipe of your credit card or £20 deposit at check-in to cover possible damage to the room, so be prepared; also - coffee in-room is apparently limited to one sachet, per person, per day! (Not enough for some of us...)	
Sep 15 2008 	Above average London hotel at a fair price	We shared a tripel room at the Umi Hotel for 3 days in september 2008. The hotel is located in a nice and quiet neighbourhood conveniently situated 5 min walk from a tube station. We found the room quit big for a triple and furnished with nice beds and light duvets (nice for a Scandinavian!). The room was cleaned to an acceptable standard and we had clean towels every day. One issue to comment on was the flats screen telly that didn’t carry a decent signal for any channel. The breakfast was served in ground floor and a good service was given as a lot of staff was available – but be sure to arrive no later than 8 – 8 15 am as You may otherwise have to wait for a free table. Continental breakfast is served at the table - you are given a choice of 4 items from a list consisting of fruit/cereals, bread and drinks. Remember that you can have toast as a side order without extra charges. Be sure to choose the fruit salad – it was really nice. Don’t plan on sitting down for a slow meal – it looks like the hotel needs to move a lot of guest’s trough the breakfast café real fast. All in all a really nice budget hotel in a city where budget hotels tend to be really rundown. I would go back to the Umi hotel on another occasion if I was looking for a place to stay in the same price range – on the other hand I might choose to move up the scale a bit if I only need a double room on my next visit to London but that just to get a bit of “luxury” it’s really not necessary.	
Sep 9 2008 	At Last a good hotel in London that doesn't cost the earth	I had a single room for one night at the Umi and wasn't quite sure what to expect after reading some previous reviews. All I can say is that this hotel was excellent value for central London and all the staff I met were very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and comfortable although the bathroom was small, but then cleanliness is more important to me than room space. I'd read some reviews that criticised the rooms and staff but my experience was great from start to finsh. The price was excellent and included continental breakfast. The only minor niggle was that the mattress was too soft on the single bed. I don't know if that applies to other rooms though, and I had a good sleep anyway. I arrived quite late and was happy to find a few late-opening places to eat on Westbourne Grove nearby. It's located in a good safe area and it took me about 5-10min to walk from Bayswater tube station to the hotel. I'll definitely be staying here again as I've been in a few disappointing budget hotels in London that cost more. This was a real find. Thank you Umi.	
Aug 16 2008 	A gem budget hotel in London	Book via Venere.com...This is a find, a gem of a budget hotel in London! The room, though small as expected, is very comfortable, and certainly not a closet like another hotel I've previously stayed in London. It is in safe, clean, quiet, underground-accessible Westminster neighborhood. The hotel staff are superb - helpful, and courteous. There is a lift. There is a reliable internet service/computer workstation. I will reserve again when I return to London.	
Jul 28 2008 	Excellent!	I alway stay in the Bayswater area and at last, with UMI, have found a base! This is exactly what a &quot;budget&quot; traveller needs: clean and with everything you need, not squallid like so many of the other hotels in this area. OK, so the room is small, but do you go to London to stay in your room? I didn't find the basin in the room a problem. I liked the touch of the box of tissues. The breakfast was also excellent and all the staff very friendly and professional. I hope they continue exactly this way and offer a great quality/price ratio!	
Jul 28 2008 	Great value for money savvy staff!	This is a great hotel! The rooms are really cheap, and I have never encountered more professional staff in London.I find it hard to find decent priced single rooms in London; single supplement charge of hotel rooms are usually horrendous, which I find frustrating since I normally travel with couples. At Umi I only paid 59 pounds per night including breakfast (I strongly recommend the blueberry muffins) which is not a lot more that what my friends paid per person in the double rooms. My room was not huge (as stated by several previous reviews) however, if you've ever been in London you'd know that rooms of more than 10 square metres don't exist.The location is excellent. Walking distance to Portobello market and Kensington gardens, and the area is really nice. The best thing about the hotel was the staff though. I normally get really frustrated when staying in London, normally the receptionists know less about London than I do, and it is hard to get good advice on where to go. However the receptionists in Umi knew all the good nightclubs and gave great little tips on what was on during the weekend, some great little shops, where to eat, drink and what to do, so we didn't end up in all the touristy expensive places... I've been to London so many times, so I wanted to see some new places, and they knew exactly where to go. This hotel is great value for money!!	
Jul 23 2008 	verygood	it was really good experience,thought i had a long flight from india staff were really welcoming and offered me room wihtin 1 hour nice coffee shope where you can get nice coffee with fresh food. overall i would say this is nice hotel i would come back and stay again.	
Jul 20 2008 	Go Somewhere Else - ANYWHERE Else!!!!	I have never experienced worse customer service at a hotel! I watched the clerks roll their eyes at other guests and talk behind their backs when the guest walked away. They were incredibly argumentative with me and other guests and made the stay very uncomfortable. I e-mailed the corporate office to let them know how rude the front desk staff had been and I never got a response. The rooms are okay, but you can do much better for the money. Any call you make (including phone card and credit call cards) are charged at $ .50 a minute! So, if you are using a calling card, you will pay with the minutes on the card and an additional $ .50 a minute to use the hotel phone. If you don't use a calling card and call direct, the rates are outrageous! The rooms are shabby and rundown. Breakfast was a pre-packaged danish and yogurt. You can find much better than the Umi!	
Jun 26 2008 	Simple London Hotel	I stayed here four nights in February and stayed in a single room. It was a good price for London (about 100 usd per night) considering the painful exchange rate. It's not far from tube stations. I used Bayswater and Queensway.Now the rooms are small and there are squeaky floors throughout the hotel, but that wasn't a huge bother. I was glad that it was really clean and the bed was so comfortable. There is little room to place things and no place for toiletries in the bathroom.The staff was excellent and the concierge guy was the best and helped arrange transportation to the airport for me. Something different about the hotel that I liked was their breakfast that was included in the room. Many of their products were organic and fair trade. I made sure I was there every morning for breakfast. I'm definitely coming back to this hotel.	
Jun 24 2008 	Worst customer service I’ve ever encountered!	My stay here was just awful – this hotel has just about the worst customer service I’ve ever encountered. Firstly, when I booked online this hotel had a different name - the Westminister. I was never informed of the name change and spent a number of hours searching for it when I arrived in London. The weather was particularly bad and when I did finally arrive at reception, I was completely soaked through. Then a young man at the desk tried to convince me that I had cancelled my booking the previous week! I asked for a manager and when she arrived both her and the young man had a full-blown argument right in front of me! I could hear them saying there was no room for me and they each blamed each other for “loosing” my booking. After more than two hours (!) of sitting in my drenched clothes in reception I was finally (and begrudgingly) given a single room (even though I had booked for &amp; paid for a double). I stayed just one night and when I was checking out a girl tried to charge me for my stay – despite the fact that I had paid online months previous and had a receipt to prove it. She called the manager and I got held up for over an hour trying to convince them I had in fact paid. This was highly embarrasing as the lobby was full at the time and I was treated with no sensitivity whatsoever. Finally, after a call from my credit card provider to the manager, they accepted that they had already recieved payment. I then told the girl &amp; the manager that I had not enjoyed my stay at all and would not be recommending the hotel to anyone. At this, the girl actually had the cheek to roll her eyes and laugh! I asked her if she was laughing at me – I could hardly believe my eyes – and she made a face at me!!! Her manager, standing beside her, never said a word to her! I got no apology and barely even a goodbye. Absolutely appalling customer service. Only stay here if you are comfortable being treated as a third-rate citizen.	
Jun 13 2008 	Nice enough for a wee break.	Stayed at the Umi hotel for 3 nights in a double room in mid June,the place has the look of an old hotel that has been done up on the cheap,but at least its trying.The staff were all helpfull and happy enough and the &quot;tick your own breakfast &quot;order cards were ideal as most seem to have little spoken English.I dont think there is one straight wall or level floor in the building but hey, its not my mortgage!The nights were very stuffy and the rooms could do with a fan,(I`m sure Ikea has a range for you Mr Umi )apart from that we had a nice stay.Ideal base for a few days	
Jun 12 2008 	Never Again!	My son and I travel to the UK annually and this year decided to spend a few days in London at the start of our trip. We found the Umi Hotel through Hotwire and have never been so disappointed. The reservation that was sent to the hotel was for 1 adult for a single room - beware! In Britain, this translates to a single, twin bed. When I showed the front desk staff my confirmation from Hotwire, as being for 1 adult and 1 child, they rudely informed me that they would only consider the information that they were sent and that since I was requesting an &quot;upgrade&quot; I would have to pay more. I contacted Hotwire and was told that the situation was taken care of but was still continually harassed by the front desk staff to pay the additional amount. The room itself was a tremendous disappointment. The curtains were black on the edges, the towels had holes in them, and when I went to turn on the shower, the control handle came off in my hand. I asked the front desk staff about local restaurants and they would refer me to their hotel restaurant only. I was loathe to try it after the treatment I'd already received. Any information I requested from the front desk was given in a patronizing manner and I was continually asked about paying for my &quot;room upgrade&quot;. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Ever.	
Jun 11 2008 	Could do better could do worse.	Two colleagues and I were booked in three singles for a business trip. It's not exactly anything to get excited about if you're there for business, but I imagine a backpacker or solo budget traveler would be satisfied. The rooms are so basic, like staying in a college dormitory. I think I was in room 206. Bed was comfortable and soft, and the trade-off for sleeping in a single bed is you have more floor space. The bathroom I had was ridiculously small, although my friend's bathroom was a bit longer so your feet weren't in the shower when you were on the toilet, like in my bathroom. The sink isn't even in the bathroom, it's in the bedroom instead. There is a small armoire for hanging up clothes. The TV was nice but the satellite reception was rather dodgy, I didn't get many channels although I got a station here and there, now and then. My friend's room had the same problem, hardly any TV reception; but my other friend's room (with no satellite) had fine reception, but only basic stations. (I suspect London is not a good city for satellite reception, with all the cloudy weather? Just a theory, but I also had it happen at another hotel I stayed at in the same area.) The hotel breakfast, included in the 70 pounds/night rate, is really good. You get a good variety of pastries, drinks, fruit, yogurts, cereals. The hotel itself is quiet but it's on a square, and at night there seem to be boisterous crowds of men hanging around, at least on two of the nights I stayed. The staff at the hotel were very friendly, and the location is good.	
May 17 2008 	Probably great for budget travelers	I booked this hotel for one night in London as I was heading home after a week in London, then Brussels and Bruges. I based my pick on the reviews here.To be fair, the previous nights I stayed in a 5 and 4 star hotels. For this night I wanted something relatively cheap with easy access to Heathrow.So approaching the hotel in the taxi I noticed a lot of of cheap, youth 'hostel' hotels in the area and this made me a bit nervous.The staff at Umi was very competent, friendly and nice. They were very helpful in finding a late night place for dinner. They were great!But the hotel and room had a strange smell of mold and curry. I know this was a hot week in London but there was an odor. The room was recently &quot;remodeled.&quot; Not sure what was done except for installing a flat screen TV. The rug was dirty and the floor sloped to one side. The bed was awful and barely fit two adults. The bathroom was tiny and was not well maintained. And this was for 100 British pounds!! So not exactly a cheap place.	
Mar 18 2008 	Very nice stay	My friend and I spent 3 nights in a double/twin room. We received excellent service. Had a really great stay at the Westminster. Friendly and smiling staff, ok rooms. Would definitely stay there again. Nice breakfast and the coffee was great. Would have preferred a buffet and more alt. choise of bread instead of sweet bread. A short work to Portabello Road and underground. Great value (London prices that is!). We have stayed in other 3 star hotels in London and this has by far been the best hotel.	
Mar 12 2008 	Great Experience at Umi	I found Umi online while booking a long weekend in London with 2 friends. We were traveling to visit our friend who’s studying abroad there for the semester. We stayed in a big room with 3 single beds, a spacious bathroom, and plasma T.V. The continental breakfast every morning was delicious and the wait staff was pleasant and punctual. The concierge helped us plan our days so that we could see and do as much as possible without spending too much, which is a challenge in a city as pricey as London. Overall, we were very pleased with Umi. We had a great time in London and the hotel is always an important part of the experience.	
Feb 27 2008 	Basic but clean and friendly	I stayed at this hotel for exploratory reasons. I'm going to be working in London and I wanted to know if this hotel was adequate/comfortable. In summary, yes the hotel meets my requirements. It's cheap, clean, friendly and well situated. For a more detailed review read on....On arrival the foyer is modern in appearance and the reception staff were friendly/polite. However, once you're past the reception the corridors become somewhat drab and show signs of aging. The room I stayed in was clean, but basic - it showed signs of being from a bygone era, i.e. old wardrobe and hand basin in the room (rather than in the bathroom). The woodwork around the basin had seen better days and I could not decide if the mirror or the sink was sloping, but one of them was definitely not straight!However, having said all that the room did have coffee and tea making facilities and the television had more channels than most other hotels I've stayed at. The bathroom was small, but fucntional. The shower was powerfull and certainly refreshing after a full day wondering around London. The hotel also has WIFI, at £3 per hour. So, where possible the hotel has modernised itself to meet more recent expectations. The nearest tube station is Bayswater (6-10 minutes), with Paddington train station just 15 minutes walk away. Hyde Park is also close by (about 10 minutes) and the local shops are just around the corner. This hotel is great if you want something cheap and cheerful, with great access to the city.	
Dec 22 2007 	Umi is okay but ...	I stayed at Umi hotel for six nights a week ago. The information given in other reviews was quite accurate so I knew what to look forward to and expect. The service is very good the concierge was more than helpful. The breakfast – You can choose from 4 items. One can also ask for extra toast to add to the croissant.The fact that the sink is in the room didn't disturb me at all. The mattress on the other hand wasn't even &amp; not hard enough.  In another review it said that biscuits and free water were provided - I didn't get such addition but I did get a small fridge at my request.My room faced the leinster garden – there was no disturbing noise and I slept with my window open as far as it was able to open.I want to add that it is not permitted to smoke in the hotel and smoking was one of the reasons I chose this hotel (out of others as location, price &amp; information I read in the reviews) – it said in the description there are non smoking rooms but not that smoking is not permitted at all.This made me stay at the hotel as little as possible and as a solo traveler I intended to return not very late in the evenings and watch television in my room. There is a problem with the television – only 4 channels and not even BBC1. For a traveler that wants to see the news – it is a disappointment..	
Oct 23 2007 	comfortable and good value too!	I stayed at the Umi for one night, on my own, and I have to say I found it to be comfortable, welcoming, safe, clean and good value! I had stayed here previously when it was the Westminster, and it has now been brought up to date as the Umi. Yes, the floors are sloping and creak a little, but it is an old building and that's part of its charm! My room was at the back, perfectly big enough, flat screen TV, very quiet indeed - my only complaint was the clanking of the heating in the early morning. Coffee/tea/biscuits and free water all provided - I paid £54 for one night, which I consider a bargain for central London. 5 minutes walk from Bayswater tube station, 15 minutes walk from Paddington main line station. Reception staff were efficient and welcoming. I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2007 	A very disappointing stay	I stayed at Umi for 5 nights this past week.While I was expecting a budget hotel, I was not expecting it to be such a miserable stay.While the lobby and restaurant looks renovated, my room was very shabby. The furniture bottoms were shaved off to accomodate the sloping floor.The hallways and my room were VERY stuffy. I could not keep the windows open due to large swarms of bugs coming into the room. There was a cluster of lady bugs at the top of my window on the inside of the room. They roamed all through the room. My sheet was not changed even though I had dropped a sandwich on it. It stayed there even though it was apparently in need of changing.The people at reception were not friendly or warm. None seemed English and gave me the feeling of not being in London, and I seemed to feel I was bothering them. The only person to say 'Thank you' was me when I talked to them.There was a lot of noise, loud music all night from the flats across the street. There was yelling, and extremely loud music from immigrants and it kept me up for 2 nights. Literally it was all night and seemed violent at times with yelling between the flats.A lot of yelling which made the neighborhood an usafe feeling.I would not stay here again since I could likely find a nicer hotel for a little more money.I do not know why hotels do not insist of good customer service. It seems to be a thing of the past. Not the usual experience I've had in London before. Does not deserve 3 stars. 1 1/2 at most.	
Jul 12 2007 	disappointing...	This hotel has been renamed as &quot;Umi&quot; and I booked one of their &quot;Grove Rooms&quot; which was billed as their best rooms, with bathrobes, teas, welcome snacks and mineral water. (No mineral water or welcome snacks were provided in my room!)The room was shabby, but they had tried to dress it up as a more modern &quot;boutique style&quot; room. My biggest complaint was the shower. I expect a power shower in a hotel, not a domestic white plastic shower. The water pressure was appaling. I've never known anything like it! I didn't feel clean, after standing under the pitiful trickle and I wouldn't book this hotel for this reason only.It seemed like an old-fashioned, chain hotel which was well past its sell by date had tried to fix itself up a bit and relaunch, but the main areas they should have concentrated on were neglected. I'd rather they replaced the carpet or installed a decent shower as gave flavoured teas and bathrobes.The hall areas were dowdy and dull, a bit creepy actually. The lift was tiny and rather 70's in style with wood panelling.The girl at reception who checked me in was really nice, and all the staff was pleasant enough. There's computers with broadband (fee) in the reception area, and a coffee shop and nice lounge area with newspapers.It seemed like a lot of students and tour groups were staying when I was, but I didn't hear any noise.	
Jul 12 2007	Not as bad as it sounds!	Before I stayed here I was very unsure of this hotel by the reviews written. But i can honestley say it is not that bad, altough i did stay in one of the grove/superior rooms (These rooms are recentley refurbished). These rooms are just okay, they are basic but kind of cosy. We walked into the reception which is very nice, on the left is the breakfast/snack bar wich is also very nice, and on the left of the reception there is a lounge with internet access, further on is a lift to the bar and restraunt (underground) or up to the rooms.The rooms are quite small. the hall that leaded into the main part of the room was slanted, there was a door on the left leading into a small en-suite with only a toilet and a shower (no sink!). The sink was located in the main part of the room. The room had a terrible view looking onto the back of the hotel. The bed was quite comfortable but was small, and the rooms were quite hot. We had a nice flat screen TV but only had 4 channels. For breakfast there was a continential breakfast. There was a choice of cereals, fruit salads, muffins, croisannts, pastrys, tea coffee, juices etc. which started from 7am. Overall the hotel was not bad but would recommend booking superior rooms!	
Jun 27 2007 	Great for a London Hotel	I stayed at the Westminster at the end of May for 5 nights with my boyfriend. We were very happy with the hotel because we had heard some pretty bad things about London hotels. The rooms were quite small but we were expecting that, because in London you have to pay a fortune for a big room, but why does it matter because you're not spending much time in the room anyway (only sleeping and showering). The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable and there were nice little things like dove soap dispensers in the shower and by the sink. The only thing i would say about the room was it was very hot all the time, they need to install ceiling fans to get the air moving. The breakfast was quite nice, also has the option of taking it away if you have an early start! Fantastic area, lots of restaurants and shops with Bayswater tube station a short walk away. I was also there on the morning of the fire alarm, but it's good to know they had a good evacuation plan, and we didn't mind the 4am wake up...it's better to be safe that sorry!! Anyway it made a very funny story to tell when we got home! All up this place was great for the price and we were very pleased with our first stay in London.	
May 29 2007 	This Place Is *Very* Hard to Describe"	I read the other reviews below, and I can understand how there is confusion about this place. It seems unusual for one small hotel to have so many different price points for rooms. There are business rooms (and business people) here. These are the rooms pictured on the hotel's web site. During my six-night stay, there were groups of American high school students traveling with chaperones and some American college kids. They seemed to all have been placed on the upper floors. Families and regular tourists seemed to have been placed on the lower floors. That's where my room -- room 224 -- was located.Some folks I chatted with stayed here because (1) it is very safe (2) it is bug-free (3) there is a not-too-bad free breakfast that lasts daily until noon (4) it is within walking distance of dozens of restaurants of every possible cuisine (5) the #70 &quot;red bus&quot; stops at the corner (6) two different underground lines are within easy walking distance (7) there is a &quot;we're all in this together&quot; camaraderie among the guests -- some of whom moved out after a 4am fire alarm we had on May 28th.This makes up, somewhat, for the small rooms, the squeaky floors, the cramped ensuites, and the smell of burnt timber noticeable in some parts of the hotel -- and even the broken window sash in my room that I propped open daily with a coffee mug.The nicest things I can say are that this hotel is filled with 'personality' and that I met some really great people here. I'm sure some will be back for another stay. Me? I'll have to think about it.	
May 8 2007	Not So Great	I was there 4 nights in April. As another reviewer observed, the single rooms are extremely small and the tv reception is very poor. To this I would add that the furnishings in my room were tired and worn, nothing remotely fresh about it. You should not believe the website room descriptions are necessarily accurate. I should also mention that my room faced Leinster square and there was a lot of street noise from rowdy people carrying on all night.It's not all bad news. The location is pretty good with access to the tube, pubs, and dining all within easy walking distance, and overall the neighborhood feels safe. Also, the hotel appeared reasonably clean, and the staff reasonably friendly. For what I paid (via hotwire) this hotel was probably a fair value at US $85 per night. That's not much for London.Photo 1 - Shows the room as viewed from the entry door. En suite is on the right and a small freestanding closet on left out of camera view. Photo 2 - Shows desk made from a board and what appears to be a shower curtain rod. Note frayed upholstery on chair. Taken from en suite.	
Apr 27 2007 	Dont trust their website	Booked a single room in this hotel after checking the hotel website. Rooms shown as nicely decorated and text says all room warmly decorated and comfortably furnished. Not my experience. The room I was allocated on arrival was like a corridor, the ensuite really small, mould on the sealant of the shower. The receptionist had told me when handing me the key to dial 0 if there were any problems - should have got alarm bells ringing I guess.I called reception and asked for a different room, they sent someone up I told them this is not what I had seen on the website, she showed me to another room which was a bit bigger, the ensuite was even smaller than the last though, not big enough to accomodate the basin so that was in the bedroom, I could sit on the loo and put my feet in the shower, not bad as I am only 4'11&quot;. Was minus the mould though.Both rooms were painted cream/magnolia over lining paper, anything but warm and far from welcoming. The television reception was so bad not able to watch it. Complimentary tea and coffee ok if you only wanted to have two drinks.The front of the hotel looked different on the website, that showed hanging baskets but nothing like that in reality.Over all a real let down.Perhaps their double rooms are better. I do not normally travel alone and if this is the general standard of single rooms people are getting a raw deal, and are paying more. It was only a one night stay, but even so I felt that they had misrepresented the type of accomodation they were offering. I know they say you may not get exactly the same room as in the photographs, but hey this was so far removed as to look like an entirely different place! Wouldnt recommend this hotel. I have made my views known on their visitors feedback, be interesting to see if I get any contact from them - would show whether or not they take customer care seriously.Be warned ring and check what the accomdation is really like in relation to website.	
Apr 13 2007 	Excelent service 	Myself and my girl friend just came back from a weekend break in London, we stayed at The Westminster Hotel in Bayswater, the hotel was exseptionally clean and tidy althought it is a 3* hotel it felt like a five star, all the staff are so friendly and helpful, they really can do anything for you from booking theatre tickets to getting your laundry done the same day. Breakfast was excelent offering fresh pastries, fruit salad and a great tasting cappachio, It really is amazing to stay in such a friendly enviroment were nothing is to much hassel, its amaizsing to see a 3* hotel offering such great service and standards at such reasonable prices, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 11 2007 	Good Value	nice and quick check-in ,staff are very friendly . Good breakfast and excellent location.Will certainly go back	
Dec 22 2006 	The room smelled badly!	The first room we got, smelled badly and had damp/humidity in the walls. The window didn't work properly - and was some places it was covered with mold. :-( We asked in the reception, to get a new room - but the hotel was fully booked. Our first night at the Westminister hotel, was a bad experience. Because of the smell, we had to sleep with the window open all night. The next day, the housekeeper moved our luggage to a new room, with was mutch better.More generally: Good breakfast, but we missed a darker/more heathy bread alternative. The service was ok. The nightguard was really nice, the rest of the staff could have smiled a bit more. :-)The standard of the buidling is poor. The lobby and restaurant is ok (newly renovated, it seems), but the rest of the hotel is a bit shabby. We had problems with the toilets and the shower - everyting is quite old.Awoid room 204!! Next time we visit London, we will try another hotel.	
Dec 4 2006	Cute!	Charming!Stayed at the Westminster last week on vacation with my wife and found the hotel to be much larger than I had imagined. Great size room (Grove Double) with robes! The lobby/bar area is recently renovated with plasma screens &amp; a coffee/alcohol bar where a delicious breakfast is served each morning from 7-11. Also a great spot to unwind after walking all day.Pros: location (Notting Hill), charm, decent size room, priceCons: small bathroom, a bit smokey (for families), kind of hard to find initially (all the building are in the same style)Would definitely stay there again for the price and the location.	
Nov 27 2006 	Great Weekend	Had a really great stay at the Westminster. Friendly staff, clean rooms and great value (London prices that is!). Would definitely stay again. Really enjoyed the breakfast, the coffee was great (so nice to have good coffee in a hotel for a change!)	
Nov 24 2006	hairball in window!!!	hairball in window!, rotten milk! and that was in the first 10 minutesrun by russians, with non- english speaking staff! room was OK, clean (except for hairball), beakfast was goodbut expensive, but then again its in london!	
Nov 14 2006	Not all that great	Felt like I was staying in somebody's bedroom in a house rather than a hotel room. Tiny rooms, very basic bathroom. No AC. Most disappointing though is that their website makes it look like a boutique hotel where in fact it's a series of coverted Victorian row houses!!At least the breakfast was nice, even though it was in the basement.The location is great however. 5 minute stroll from the Tube, lots of nice restraunts close by.	
Nov 12 2006 	do not pay full price	I paid £70 for one night stay, supposed to be half normal price. On arrival at 2pm room still not ready, the room allocated was small and in need of decoration. The on suite facilities consisted of a tiny room with a toilet and a rubbish shower in it. There was a washbasin located next to the bed in the main room. One of the main reasons we booked the hotel was that it had a bar which was open until 1am, we were going to a concert and wanted to wind down on our return. Unfortuantely although there was someone on reception,they refused to walk the ten yards to the bar in order to serve customers. The barman had decided he no longer wanted to serve customers and just shut up shop.	
Nov 8 2006	bed like a buckboard	Reservation was not on record although I provided the confirmation document. We waited over an hour for the room while front desk contacted the travel agent. I guess they didn't want to welcome us while they checked out the error. Worn, tired, creaky room. 12&quot; TV with only a few channels. Raised, slippery tub with no shower curtain. Cracked linoleum.But the worst was to come . . . the bed was a slab mattress with a thin covering and no padding at all. We had to re-make it and use the duvet as a mattress cover then request blankets for warmth because. . . there was no hot water or radiator heat for 2 of the 3 nights. The front desk had posted a sign that the boiler would be repaired between 11 and 4 pm. I guess the repair was not a success. They finally let us shower down the hall. They did NOT offer a room change or offer any explanation other than they were working on it and in a half hour the water would be ready. It really ruined the London visit. And it was not a cheap hotal at $180 per night. I've wrote a complaint to the travel agency. I doubt anything will be done. It was worth the price of a campsite: $20 per night. The front desk was polite but useless.	
Oct 31 2006 	Rooms Not The Same As The Pictures	Checked in to this hotel. Went to the room. Came right back out and checked out.Only a few of their rooms are remodeled. I stayed in hostels as a college student that looked better than the rooms that are not remodeled. The beds sagged several inches before laying on them. I could feel the springs poking through the mattress cover. The carpets were shredded and pulling apart at the seams. I would have had to leave my socks on to enter the bathroom and to take a shower.Ended up paying 2x as much for another last minute reservation at another hotel.	
Oct 19 2006	Ok for some but not others	When I first stayed here, I was new to London (only stayed at another hotel the first night). I was expecting the worse (as I did not book and was not paying for the hotel). The first thing I saw was the small and quiet square it sets on. I entered the lobby and found the reception to be fairly fast and accomodating. The lobby and public rooms were quite modern and chic (on the budget side) looking. The only problem I first saw was the very tiny and slow elevator, which you could out run on the stairs without actually running. Overall, I can overlook that part. The parts I cannot overlook are:1. Smelly halls and room: not terribly smelly, but they could have a redo of old and warn carpet and that would do the job. 2. Stale cigarette smelling sheets: The bed smelled still of someone's smoke. 3. The creaking floor: The floor made ALOT of noise when you walked in the room or the hall. 4. Terrible bathroom: No washcloths and constantly smelled slightly like urine.5. Prowlers: Someone went into my luggage while I was out at least two times, perhaps three times. I could not find several of my things after I left (which I could have left behind, like foot power).The parts that are worth mentioning are:1. Good location: very nice area of Bayswater, near the Bayswater, Queensway and Notting Hill Gate stations (a walk though).2. Quiet: Other than a few loud voice in the hall, the hotel and neighborhood seemed quiet. 3. Breakfast: The breakfast was not bad, but free, mainly continental, with a selection of bread/roll, cereal/yohgurt, milk/juice/bottled water, and tea/coffee/chocolate.Overall, it think this place is dumpy by my standards, but for the price and its location in London, a slightly below average place. I stayed here three nights and that was enough. It would be okay for maybe only one night, but I would not push it any longer than that. I figured that the place was about £90-£100 a night. My first night I stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington, which was a full service hotel for about the same price. However, that hotel had some short falls as well, but was a more comfortable stay, a more central location and about he same price.	
Oct 16 2006	Cosy hotel	We stayed there for 3 nights and had a lovely time. The staff at the front desk was so nice and helpful and ve also got very clean and spacious room, bathrobes, big choice of Tv canals, free daily papers, honestly, it was much nicer than we expected. The location of the hotel is also very convenient, just about 15minutes by tube to town centre and the whole area of Bayswater is also very nice - plenty of shops, restaurants, pubs and not too noisy.The breakfast may some people find poor, but for us it what great, you get a choice of sweet pastry, choice of yoghurt, cereal of fruit salad, everything is organic and high quality - great start of a day. I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again. Young couple from Czech R.	
Oct 10 2006 	I would stay here again!	I read and read and read all the online reviews and basicly nothing in London had a very nice rating least of all in my price rage (less then $120 USD per night, peanuts!) So I must iterate that when staying in London A) rooms will be smaller then Americana B) Bathrooms and toilets are 2 different things, may not be in your room unless specified, and will again be SMALLER C) the climate here is usually cold and although they do have an occasional heat wave it doesn't last long enough to warrant the expense of AC systems. Get Over IT! The sooner one lets go of such Hotel criteria and expectations for London, the better off one will be.That being said, I was pleasantly surprised by the Westminster Hotel and so were several friends who picked me up there (based on thier knowledge of hotels in this area being Hostel-esque.) I did get the &quot;Groove Room&quot; which is thier recently renovated rooms &amp; a few pounds more. I highly recommend the upgrade. I was quite happy with the plain white linens (yeah!) and simple beige decor! I don't think I could have handled the londonesque seemingly addiction to flower wallpaper and likewise printed bedding for 5 days. The room was small by American standards, but larger for London standards. There was an &quot;ensuite&quot; bathroom/wc and yes it was small, but we are letting that go remember? I had a &quot;single&quot; but that had a double bed (yeah!) There was an internet cafe in the lobby, an expresso bar, a regular bar and breakfast was included. The lobby and room furnishings were contemporary, new and well done.The staff was hit and miss. I had a good experience but a fellow traveler did not.... guess it depends on who you get... remember this is London where a &quot;thank you very much&quot; can actually sound contemptuous... I stack it up there with regional seasonal effective disorder....	
Oct 9 2006 	A great bargain	Just back from several nights at the Westminster. I'd reserved a double &quot;Grove&quot; room for my husband and I, and it was fine - definitely one of the rooms that HAS been recently refurbished, and very quiet both day and night. It was a bargain at 69pds per night. All furniture and fixtures were new, the bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows and a great new comforter/duvet, and the bathroom was newly redone as well, with plenty of hot water and good water pressure. The size of the room was perfectly adequate - certainly not huge but I've had smaller rooms for much higher prices both in London and the continent. It's true that the staff wasn't very personable but they dealt adequately with what few issues we had. For example- the computers they have for guests to use (for a small fee...1hr for 3 pounds) were not hooked up to printers. When I needed to print something the staff let me email my documents to them, and they printed them right out, with no extra charge. Apparently the breakfast has recently changed from some sort of continental buffet to ordering off of a limited continental menu, still included in the price. We never attempted the cooked breakfast as the cereal, fruit, juice, coffee and croissants were enough to hold us until lunchtime. The location was excellent and we didn't experience any of the problems with the neighborhood mentioned by others. Close enough to the Bayswater, Queensway and Nottinghill Gate underground to get anywhere you want to go, but away from traffic and clubbing noise. Lots of good restaurants all around, from pubs to any kind of ethnic you want to try. All in all, we would stay at the Westminster again, it was a real value for the price.	
Oct 7 2006 	Loved the location but the room was like a cell	I stayed at this hotel with three friends. We chose the hotel based on the location mainly, and the website made it look great for the price. It was also a bonus that they provided quad rooms, which made it even cheaper (£26 each for two nights).However, I would not recommend the quad room at all - it was like a cell! It was hot and stuffy, the window would hardly open (and was difficult to access due to the bunk beds anyway!) and it goes without saying for the price that there was no AC! The bathroom was ok though, so if you're not spending much time in the room it's not a problem and has everything you need. To be honest, the price and the location really made up for the shortcomings of the room. You're only a few minutes away from Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, so you've got access to the Central and Circle and District lines, and you're a few minutes from the lively Queensway too, lots of shops, restaurants, pubs. It makes it really easy to get around and to find what you need.We were able to pop to and from the hotel a number of times, knowing it wouldn't take us too long to get where we were going, whether it was only out to eat on the Queensway or into central London.The reception staff were lovely, but we were concerned when we asked about the left luggage room and were just handed the key to go and let ourselves in - we could have helped ourselves to anyone's luggage, and seeing as they must let anyone who asks into that room, it's not actually terribly secure. Bit worrying.Our main problem was with the breakfast. The breakfast room staff were rude and unhelpful and the cooked breakfast was like nothing i've ever experienced! The meat just tasted awful (I'm a fussy eater but even my less discerning friends were disgusted), the scrambled eggs were watery etc. The continental breakfast is ok though (average, nothing to rave about, but much more edible than the cooked one and as it's included in the price, it's worth eating to keep you going until lunchtime!)Overall - this is definitely worth considering if you're on a budget, but go for a twin/double room (although I wouldn't recommend for a romantic getaway!) and avoid the cooked breakfast like the plague.	
Oct 6 2006 	Don't Even Think About Staying Here	When I pulled up in the taxi, I immediately knew I didn't think much of the area. A bit seedy and rundown. The &quot;hotels&quot; in the area more resemble hostels. This was true of the Westminster which Expedia had rated as a 3* Hotel. The reception was very basic. Hotel needed MAJOR refurbishment. There was a damp and musty smell throughout. No room service, no restaurant, there was a cafe which doubled as a bar. Service was mixed. The manager was rude and ignorant. I heard another guest complaining but she got no joy from him. The barman was rude but most of the other staff were fine. When people turned up at the hotel, the look on their face just said it all. The girl on reception told us our room was one of the &quot;nice ones&quot; on the top floor with a &quot;great view&quot; so I hoped the rooms were better. NOT. The room was poky, unbelievably claustrophobic, damp, musty, cheaply decorated, way beyond what I'd call basic. The only thing I can say is that it wasn't dirty, but nor would you call it very clean. Breakfast was not included in a twin room rate of £172 PER NIGHT and cost £5 each for a continental breakfast - no English breakfast available.!!!The location was good in terms of access to Tube (Queensway) and it was about 5 minutes from Paddington Station, but bad in terms of walking around at nighttime - youths hanging about in hostels &amp; flats blaring music and shouting things at passersby.London, however, is a great spot. Would definitely recommend visiting the Tower of London, Madame Tussauds &amp; Westminster Abbey - try for the guided tours! Great eateries &amp; pubs in Soho, Leicester Square &amp; Covent Garden.Was very disappointed in Expedia for their representation of this hotel.This hotel is more of a hostel with some added facilities - ie a cafe and internet access. It was completely NOT value for money, which was the main problem as well as the fact that the quality was just SO poor.	
Aug 31 2006 	Good hotel for the price	This weekend I spend 2 nights in this hotel. I stayed in many hotels in London and this hotel was a real surprise when I arrived !The hotel is located in the lively neighbourhood Bayswater, few minutes walk from Starbucks, all kinds of restaurants, shops, supermarkets, the Whiteley mall and 2 undergroundstations Bayswater and Queensway.The hotel is located in a quiet street so no noise from the busy streets. The hotel reception and lobby were really nice and all the staff was friendly. Breakfast was very good too ! Buffet style but with lots of things to choose from !The hotel has 2 elevators and the hallways are ok. My room no. 222 (twin room) was small but clean and everything you need. Coffee and tea making facilities and iron bord and iron. Good small room.Overall this hotel is a great hotel for this price !!(I booked through the hotelwebsite 49 GBP per night for a twin room).	
Aug 21 2006 	Great Hotel for the Price	Yes, the Westminster is an old building (originally 18th Century, if I'm not mistaken), the rooms are small, the elevator is tiny and all of you Americans will have to put up with only a few channels on the small TV. On the other hand, the price, for what you get, is great so long as you book online and not when the hotel is almost full and the prices rocket up. The service is excellent and the breakfast is wonderful. I've stayed in several hotels in the Bayswater area and this was easily the best one I found.	
Aug 20 2006 	no need to go there	When we checked-in in the hotel the first thing that suprised us was the staff. No friendly at all. Only a young man was courteous but the other members (a receptionist and an housekeeper) were quite rude and certainly do not know what smiling means. We didn't feel welcome!The room was disappointing. We paid more than 100£ a night for this 3 star hotel but we should have stay in a 1 star as the standard would not have been THAT different! We have stayed at few 1 star hotels and wanted to treat ourself for this stay but it wasn't that special. The room was small. Very difficult to open our suitcases (we had to put them on the bed to do so!). There was some stains on the blanket. The screen TV was quite big but so close to the bed that it was painful to watch the TV.The ceiling is pretty low, you feel like in a cage. The bathroom is fine, nothing exceptional but clean and clear.I don't recommand this hotel. Staff is rude, rooms are small. Spend your money somewhere else if you can. The area is nice thought, close to central London, shops, restaurants.	
Jul 24 2006 	Keep Looking	This hotel was a big dissapointment. The room that I was given was shabby. Stained rugs....baseboard pulling away from the wall...buckled wallpaper. Overall appearance was grim. The staff was nice enough but the accomodations were below expectations. No blankets on the beds....only sheets. The door was an old fashioned wooden dooe with a bolt lock that felt unsafe. Basically I stayed there as I had no other choice at the time I arrived but would not recommend or stay again.	
Jul 17 2006	Simple and Great Value	Very simple but clean rooms. The service was excellent as was the breakfast. I would stay again as overall great value for money.	
Jul 16 2006	Good area good price good stay	We stayed at the Westminster Hotel for four days in May 2006. I had also stayed there in 2005, and found this time that the rooms had been remodeled. They are smallish, but decent if you are not coming to London solely for the hotel. It is in the Bayswater neighborhood, close to 2 tube stations, and a five minute walk to Hyde Park. There are also some neat little restaurants and pubs very close by. It is close to a shopping center, and the walk to the shopping center is more noisy and hustle and bustle. However, the hotel itself is by a quiet little garden. There are some youth hostels close by, so it can get louder on the weekends. But we enjoyed it very much. The hotel is clean, and the people are friendly. They can even book theatre tickets for you, and were able to get us a discount. The area feels very safe, and it definitley helped us enjoy our stay. Also fits most budgets.	
Jul 6 2006	Never stay there again	A friend and I stayed at the Westminster for five nights in February. The hotel is ideally located in Bayswater very near Notting Hill and Portobello Road and many other attractions like restaurants, shops (Whiteley shopping centre is five minutes walking), Hyde Park... When we entered the reception, the first impression was good but when we were given the key to our room and the receptionist told us that we were on the fifth floor and that the lift only got to the fourth our &quot;nightmare&quot; began. After the landing of stairs to the fifth floor and the narrow wooden doors we had to pass in we got to our room. How freezing!! The room wasn't well insulated and, althouf¡gh the heating was on, it was really cold. At night we had to sleep with sweaters and socks on our pyjamas. The next morning we asked for a chjange but they told us that it was impossible because they were full, so we asked for extra blankets and all that we got were extra sheets; they told us they had run out of blankets. So, I wouldn't stay at the Westminster again. Its web page is great but my room wasn't similar to the ones that appear in it.	
Jul 5 2006	Avoid if you aren't a backpacker!	I booked a room at this hotel for two nights as I was staying in London on my way to and from the continent. It is rated as three-star, but one would seem more appropriate. It is actually a row of houses knocked into one. The first stay was uneventful but the hotel rooms looked very tired. I quote &quot;All rooms are quietly located and comfortably furnished to a high standard&quot;. Mine wasn't but it was OK for a one-night stay so I left in the booking for the following week. Unfortunately I asked the hotel to call a cab. It turned out to be a private car and I was charged £20.00 to Waterloo - a journey which in an official cab would be £10 to £15 at most (I came back in a black cab the next week to check). A nasty little surprise for strangers and one wonders who pockets the extra money? Also, I thought it was illegal for hire cars without meters to take people without quoting a price first? But I may be wromg about this.Second visit. &quot;Your room is XXX on the fifth floor. Take the lift and then walk up one flight of stairs.&quot; Hold on a minute, I am partly disabled and cannot manage stairs AND my luggage. A porter was summoned and my bag taken up. I could not believe my eyes! The tiny room contained two metal double-deck bunk beds, of the sort used in youth hostels 40 years ago!! I said there must be some mistake and rang reception. They said it was the only room they had left but eventually found me a room with four beds on the fourth floor. There was hardly room to move around, it was stiflingly hot, and the windows would hardly open. As it was 10pm by then I stayed, but how come when I booked several weeks before they did not tell my travel agent they only had a room with bunk beds on the fifth floor? Then I could have booked somewhere else. Again, are bunk beds for four people allowed on the fifth floor - if so I suggest the fire people should look at the dangers. Sadly, I was too shaken to take photos!Incidentally, the website claims they have trouser press and Iron &amp; board in all rooms. Not in mine they didn't.To be fair, the breakfast was excellent, with a good choice and all very fresh.But, don't stay there unless you are a back-packing dwarf. If that was an example of the room I got having booked well in advance, I shudder to think what they offer to anyone who walks in off the street.	
May 23 2006	Great value	Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights recently with my mother and thought that at £40 per night each it was great value for money. Short walking distance from Bayswater tube station. We stayed in 2 single rooms which were clean with lovely decor and a good shower. Buffet breakfast which was included in the price (£3 extra if you wanted a cooked breakfast) was really nice and plentiful. If I had to pick a fault it would be that the decor of the reception area was not as nice as the rooms and leaves you with perhaps not a great first impression. Overall I thought it was great value for money.	
May 19 2006	Mediocre at best	The Westminster in itself is not a bad hotel, but is nowhere near as good as its website suggests and overpriced for the services and facilities offered - this is a one star hotel with three star prices.The rooms are in dire need of refurbishing, with both wallpaper and paintwork peeling. The bathroom was small and poorly lit, with water pressure from the shower suffering badly. Although we were offered another room after the first night, the customer service was a little unenthusiastic. None of these problems were the end of the world, of course, but if the Westminster didn't portray itself with such high regard, it would probably have far fewer disappointed customers!	
Apr 14 2006	Enjoyed my stay	I stayed at the Westminster Hotel with my mother in November 2005 for 5 nights. The location of the hotel is excellent, near Whiteley's shopping centre on Queensway and a short walk from Bayswater tube station. Although the room was pretty small, which is to be expected in London, the room was clean and the beds were comfortable. Having been in England during wintertime before, I was afraid that the room would be very cold, but the room was warm.The continental breakfast, which was included in the price, was good, with quite a wide range of selection. It gave us a good start for the day! The staff was pretty young, maybe a little unexperienced, but very friendly. I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 5 2006	Won't go back	This was a disappointing hotel. The room was tiny, the beds were the most uncomfortable I have slept in for a long time. My young daughter and I swapped beds after the first night as neither of us could sleep - we had both hoped to find some respite in the opposite bed but unfortunately both beds were equally bad. The mattresses were hard and lumpy and the beds were really very small. I was disturbed by noise from the adjoining rooms at night which made matters worse. The whole place is looking very tired although I have to say it was very clean although the carpet in our room was so thread-bare it was hard to imagine it would ever be really clean again. The breakfast room needs a thorough re-fit, and the selection of food was not at all inviting. The staff seemed to be young and inexperienced although they all did their best at being professional. I definitely would say this hotel is over-priced and I won't be going back.	
Apr 3 2006	Not bad but...	I stayed 4 night at his hotel. I liked the beautiful building and the location is excellent: very near Notting Hill and metro stations nearby. However, the room was very small and the WC miniscule. As I was alone and I only wanted a place to sleep with average conditions and a good location (the area is very quiet) it was ok. However I think it's overpriced comparing to others. The breakfast was ok but nothing fancy and the personnel friendly. You'll probably get the same for less money elsewhere.	
Mar 16 2006	A good little place	I have stayed at the Westminster several times. I felt moved to write a few lines here because of the review below by the lady from Bermuda. I think she may have gotten her hotels mixed up. The Westminster is no where near Victoria Station, so if that's what you want in a location this is NOT the hotel for you.The rest of her description sounded pretty close to the Westminster, except I don't recall airconditioning. At least not in my room. Another may have it, I don't know. Also, regarding the breakfast, the Continental is included in the room price. I don't know if the Westminster offers a L13 cooked breakfast, because I have their coffee and croissants and go! (The do have a nice Continental breakfast spread with fruit, cereal, yoghurt, cheese, salad, cottage cheese, croissants, juice, rolls, coffee and tea.)Anyway, I don't want to criticize the lady, but I wanted to make sure no one books at Westminster on the strength of it being near Victoria Station (again, it is not).It is near Queensway (closed until Mid-May 2006) and Bayswater Road Stations.	
Mar 9 2006	Very good deal	Good deal. If you are searching for a relatively cheap accomodation, not at all pretentious, but at the same time cosy and confortable and in an excellent position to visit the city, this is the best solution for you!Not at all expensive (we paid 298 pounds for 4 nights in a double) considering that we are in London!We had an executive double room (3d floor), no-smoking. The staff is kind and helpful, desk service is available 24 hours a day, rooms (at least the one we had - 306) are big and very clean. Good shower.Wonderful location, walking distance from Bayswater tube station, adiacent to the pretty and cosy Notting Hill area, good pubs around to go and eat/drink. Very good breakfast.Only weakness: rooms are probably a little to hot, even in winter, but not as such to complain that much about! And you may find the view from the window not that exciting (particularly if the room faces the backyard - as room 306 does).	
Feb 18 2006	Not bad for money	Decent hotel but not worth full price. Ok if found cheaper. Breakfast good in mornings and rooms clean if not a little small. Would consider stopping again. Very quiet location and easily accessed from tube. Staff were polite. Had a grove room which wasn't bad.	
Jan 19 2006	Can't really compare it to other hotels in London	Because it was my first visit and the only hotel that I've stayed at in London.The staff were nothing but friendly - and I mean every hour of the day. Even the maid was pleasant and gave me extra towels. (By the way they don't supply washcloths). They would smile and acknowledge me every time I walked in the door.I had a single room, being that it was only me. They placed me in a room that was midway between two levels so there weren't any rooms on either side of me. I arrived at 7:30am and they immediately had a room for me. Likewise for my parents who had arrived at the same time 3 days earlier. Neither of us had booked an extra night for this, they just gave it to us.The single room is very, very small. Compare it to an elongated cubicle. There was a single bed with a down comforter and a fleece blanket for the cover. No top sheet, but the comforter was to die for! Pillows were feather but hard as brick and flat &amp; small. Reverse cycle airconditioner along with a separate furnace heater, so I could run the airconditioner at night - which I did every night. The rooms were at a comfortable temperature, but it did become a bit stuffy due to the size. TV has seven local stations. And it was clean - something that I check at every hotel. They don't vacuum daily though.Bathroom is extremely small and you sort of have to rotate the handle on the toilet almost 360 degrees to flush. That was amusing but time consuming. There's a shower stall, but you can't bend down to pick up your soap. I'd say if you're bigger than a US size 12, then you'd have trouble navigating around the bathroom. I kept hitting my elbows and I'm not a size 12. My parents' room had a bathtub that was so deep that my able-bodied dad needed help getting out. In other words, you need a step ladder.Two workstations with internet access in the lobby. Payment by credit card.My stay there overall was quite pleasant until New Year's night when they put someone in the room above me at 4:30am. The floors must be wooden because the footsteps came through loud and clear. Smoking was another issue for me and it was a constant annoyance every night. My parents ate at the continental breakfast most mornings and was surprised at the end to be presented with a bill for 13 pounds for each breakfast (that's for each person). Location is about two blocks from Victoria Station (providing you come out at the right entrance) and I felt extremely safe walking back and forth alone both night and day. Victoria Station is nice to shop and eat. The Station has KFC, McDonalds (I think I counted 3 altogether), Burger King (don't forget to ask for condiments though), Pizza place, steak restaurant and other eateries. Has nice dress shops for men and women, grocery market, electronic store, record store, several small pharmacy type stores, health store, hair accessory (Claire's I think), jewelery store, Avon, book store and many many more.Pick up the bus tour (Big Bus was better than Original) right at the Station. A hint; if you're going to the London Eye, buy your tickets on the internet first. Then when you get there go directly to the machines and insert your card, and print your tickets. It will save you a LOT of time waiting in two long, slow lines (one to buy the tickets, the other to actually board the Eye). I've stayed at various hotel chains and Vegas Bellagio, Venetian etc, and I'd put the Quality Westminster as comfortable for the price. The next time though, I'll stay closer to Picadilly Circus mostly for the evening functions.Enjoy your trip!	
Jan 12 2006 	Cheap and not so cheerful	Its very typical of a lot of hotels in bayswater, in fact it's possibly better than most. Having said that though it's by no means a good hotel.Rude non english staff, who struggled to speak english add to the charm!The breakfast is very basic but at the price what do you expect.I'd advise American guests to stay away as it really isn't up to the standards you would expect. (try hilton paddington if you want a quality hotel)However its cheap, clean and in a great location.I'd stay there again as for business meetings in the area it can't be beaten on price.	
Jan 7 2006	Excellent value! We would definitely stay here again!	I stayed here with my boyfriend two days before Christmas. I found the hotel to be in a very nice neighborhood (only a couple of blocks from the Bayswater tube, and 1 block away from a cute street with nice shops - try the gourmet burger place - GREAT!). After a very long flight from California, we were able to check in early - at 1pm (just remember to email the hotel and ask if early check-in is possible). Our room was on the 4th floor and I was a bit concerned initially because it was right next to the lift. But, we had no problems with noise and although our room was very small, everything was very clean and well-maintained. We paid 44 pounds for the night, so I can't complain about the room size! Mattress was very comfortable and the breakfast was very good (good selection - as many of you have mentioned). The hotel staff were all very nice, friendly, and helpful. I'll definitely stay here again whenever I am in London. And, I should also add, too many people on this site complain about insignificant items (IE. The reception area being a bit older/frayed). If you want the Hilton, then pay the Hilton prices! :)	
Jan 4 2006	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in!	I have to agree with the majority of people. This hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are really small, staff have really bad attitude, you can hear the people walking from the floor above, the bathroom is small and claustrophobic and the list can go on. So in a nut shell....Dont bother.	
Nov 11 2005 	best London Hotel I have stayed in	I was not looking forward to staying here after some of the other reviews but at £35 a night I thought I could bear it. What a pleasant surprise! Staff very helpful and friendly, excellent breakfast with fruit, yoghurts, cornflakes, meats, cheese, croissants and English option ( £3 more). Room spacious with flat screen TV, desk and clean. Even more amazing was an iron and ironing board in wardrobe - I was there on business and this was great. I checked at reception and they said only some rooms had the ironing board.Internet access downstairs and a bar. Locally there are loads of restaurants from chains like Subway to ethnic. Single woman may feel a bit nervous is some of the surrounding streets which have budget hostels so stick to main road and access hotel from there. There was never a problem but my wife gets nervous as we are not used to the big city.	
Oct 21 2005	Do Not Stay At the Westminster	I stayed at the Westminster with a friend over the summer and would never recommend this hotel to anyone. When we first arrived our room was not yet ready so we decided to walk around a bit (even though we were both exhausted from our long flight) when we got back to the hotel the room was still not ready so they then gave us a room on the fifth floor. Their elevator only goes to the fourth and we had a lot of luggage with us and they had no one there who could bring our luggage up so we refused to take the room and opted to wait until our room was available. Next they gave us a room on the second floor but it just so happened that our room was the only one on the floor that had a flight of stairs leading down to it. I especially did not find this funny because I had made it clear that we did not want to lug our luggage up and down a flight of stairs. Finally we were able to get a room but I will never again return to this hotel. Not only because of the rude staff but because the rooms were awful. I understand that in Europe rooms are smaller and old but that wasn’t the problem, the room was dirty and the bathroom was worse, the bed was uncomfortable, you could hear everything from the streets at night, and you could hear people on the floor above walking around. London is wonderful city filled with plenty of decent places to stay. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here.	
Oct 9 2005	Good budget hotel	This hotel was very nice for what it is...a budget hotel. It is conveniently located near two tube stops (about 5 minutes walking from Bayswater or 10 minutes walking from Paddington). The breakfast buffet was large and diverse. The single room was small, but was better furnished than many rooms I've stayed in in Europe: TV, desk, wardrobe, even a balcony. The staff was helpful and friendly.With that said, I agree with some of the complaints of other reviewers: I could only get warm water out of the sink, there was no A/C, and I could hear other guests walking up and down the hallways. But for 40 pounds a night in central London, you really can't be that picky. The hostel I stayed in earlier in the week cost more than that!All things considered, I thought this was a very good value for the money, and would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2005 	Only good for the location	Do not be persuaded by the attractive website, the only reason to stay here is be close to Notting Hill for a reasonable price. The staff was sweet but incompetent, the non-smoking “grove rooms” were tiny and still smelled of smoke, the beds were lumpy, the shower very small with little water pressure... There are much better places to stay in London.	
Sep 29 2005	Excellent Location	We were looking for an older English hotel in a great location with friendly staff and we certainly found it with the Westminster Hotel.The Hotel is older so there was a musty odor in the stairwells, but it has elevators that can be used to avoid this. There is a trick to flushing the toilet but the bathrooms are very clean and if you're on the fifth floor, they are very large and have a tub. The bathrooms on the second floor were small and only had a shower.The staff was VERY friendly and eager to help us with directions, bus tours, etc. There is a breakfast room downstairs that served cereal, breads, fruit, yogurt, and coffee. There is a small bar upstairs.The Bayswater Tube Station is a very short walk away and the neighborhood is surprisingly quiet for being in such a great location. We went exploring the first day and ended up in Kensington Gardens... and eventually Oxford Street. It was a nice walk, although we just took the tube back to Bayswater from Bond Street.There is a mall just around the corner, complete with Starbucks, Burberry and a movie theater. There are many cafe's and restaurants all within a couple of blocks. Lots of souvenier shops and many western fast food places like KFC, Pizza Hut, McDonalds, etc. all within a few blocks.As I said... Excellent Location.	
Aug 25 2005	Sub Standard	Warm water runs from the cold topRooms are hot with no air conditioningNoise from the surrounding streets is appauling (loud music from residents to the early hours)Poor maintenance of roomsShowers run at a trickleNo mineral water provided in rooms even though the website indicates this is provided - perhaps it evaporated in the heat!Cleaning staff make to much noise and have no consideration for guests or do not disturb signs.Walls are not very thick between rooms you can sometimes hear next doors TV!!All the rooms are in serious need of some updating.	
Aug 5 2005 	Average	This hotel looks ok when you get there but like most hotels they always try to make the reception area look good in a hope that when you arrive the rooms will be the same but they are not. The rooms are pretty average and in somerespects are very dated however there are a few signs that the management is endevouring to update partd of it.The corridors are really outdated and they look it, the wiring isnt hidden in any way its just clipped to the calls and painted over a number of times.The floor boards creek no matter where you step and the floors can be uneven in places.The Staff on reception are really friendly and helpful and deserve top marks.The housekeeping staff however barge into your room after one knock on the door and dont give you time to respond, they also make as much noise as possible for some unknown reason as they go from room to room, moving equipment shouting to their colleagues in some cases and totally ignoring the do not disturb sign, if in fact later in the day the sign is still on the door they will still knock and when they cant get in they will strat ringing your telephone - this is really stupid.The hotel say they face a quite garden area in bayswater, however the gardens and parking next to it cannot be used by the hotel, in addition the residents round about will play lots of loud music till the early hours depending on the weather conditions outside and the time of year. This can be further problematic when there is no air conditioning in the rooms (which get very hot) and you have to open the windows permanantly to try and get the air moving. The windows are the original sash type and often drop when u least expect it. There is no double glazing either.The bathroom if you could call it that is a cupboard contaning a shower and a toilet. If your a big person you havnt a hope in hell of getting in there. The cupboard is that small there is no room for a sink so that has been placed in the main bedroom area.The wardrobe is small, an ok size but contains only 4 hangers not exactly enough for todays traveller. There is an ironing board and iron provided which is really useful.There is an extra charge for using the inroom safe deposit box which is a bit naff, that should be a service within the daily rate not an addition.The internet access for laptop users is £7.5 for a 24 hour period however be warned that the 24 hour period runs from mid day to mid day and mid day to this hotel is 11.00 so if you buy it at 10.00 you will only get an hour - - pathetic.Overall the hotel is good but as previous users have said you get what you pay for however with this hotel you should get alot more for the price.	
May 3 2005	Decent	The Westminster is not a dump, but it is not the Ritz either. Basically, you are getting what you pay for.The rooms are on the small side, but they are comfortable and fairly clean. My only complaint was a weird odor, I wouldn't doubt it if the furnaces were rather moldy. The complimentary breakfast was a nice bonus. Although it was nothing special, (just juice, bread, milk, cereal, coffee, tea, yogurt) it was a nice start to the morning.The staff was friendly and helpful, and the location is great in a quiet area of Notting Hill Gate overlooking a courtyard. Comfortable, nice-looking, does the job.Thanks, Westminster Hotel!	
May 3 2005 	GVFM!	OK, this is no five star hotel but it does not advertise itself as one. I got a great rate on my room for a one night stay on a bank holiday weekend (paid just over 40 pounds for a single room). The room was pretty basic to say the least and could have benefitted from some refurb but having paid alot more for London accomodation I was happy enough. There was an en suite with shower facility, again pretty basic but all clean.The location is pretty good with Bayswater tube station a few minutes walk away and some good place to eat very close to the hotel. The hotel itself is set in a quiet square with gardens in the middle making it very quiet.One word of warning though...... this is not the place to be making international phone calls. A quick flick through the hotel brochure brought to light that a three minute call to Australia costs over 23 pounds in this hotel!!!!! No excuse for this nowadays when you get low cost call companies that only charge 3p a minute to Oz!!I would stay here again if I needed a bed for the night in London and did not want to be seriously out of pocket. The staff were pretty friendly and all in all it was good value for money.	
Apr 29 2005	Would definitely go back to the Westminster Bayswater	My two sisters and I stayed at the Westminister Hotel, 16 Leinster Square, Bayswater when we went to London last week for 2 nights from Dublin. We booked online and stayed in a triple room which was bright, spacious, smoke-free, warm with very comfortable beds - 1 double bed plus 2 single beds. There were 3 wardrobes in the room and a normal sized bathroom. Everything was very clean which was important to us and the hotel staff provided bottled water with the tea/coffee making facilities (well, we had to ask for our water as it was advertised on their website). The continental breakfast was really lovely, plentiful and served in a big breakfast room. One of my sisters is a vegan and the staff kindly stored her dairy free milk int the fridge near reception! If you come in after a couple of drinks remember to open the window or turn down your radiator as the room can get quite warm at night! Bayswater &amp; Queensway Tube Stations are a 10 minute stroll away and just around the corner from the hotel is a beautiful organic store which sells everything including freshly cooked take-away organic food. We will definitely stay at the Westminster Hotel again and would recommend it to anyone. Price worked out at about Eur56 per person per night incl. breakfast - perfect!	
Mar 12 2005	ok	This hotel was just ok for me. Particularly, the room was too small and there was a strange odour coming from the bathroom, I reckon. This smell was not pleasant at all. Also, the floor kept cracking so when my neighbour from the upper floor got up in the morning I couldn't sleep no longer. One more problem was that housekeepers kept breaking into the room in the early morning and were making loud noise during their cleaning. So this hotel is very average and I'll try to find something else next time.	
Mar 3 2005 	Fairly basic but ok	My room was a single, and as such really quite small, but clean and with everything you would expect for the price and the star rating. The radiator was on full and didn't seem to be able to be turned off so I had to open the window all night but otherwise it's fine for a night's stay as with my trip, though perhaps not so good if you are staying longer and want the hotel to be a memorable feature of your holiday. Nevertheless the staff were friendly, the complimentary breakfast ok, the bed comfortable and the location safe and close to the tube and a variety of restaurants.	
Feb 10 2005	Recommended	The westminster hotel was excellent for the price. Our twin room was large and bright, although the bathroom was quite small. The staff were really friendly and the breakfast was more than adequate. Lots to choose from and you can eat as much as you want! The only disadvantage I found was the distance from a tube station. I had to get a taxi to and from Paddington station to get around London. Other than that the location was nice, in a quiet street with lots of shops in walking distance. I would definately stay here again. 	
Feb 9 2005	Good Value London Hotel	Stayed here in Feb 2005. Good and quiet location, 15 minute walk to Paddington, 5 minutes to Bayswater Tube Stop. Tiny room, but it was clean, the bed was comfy and it had just been decorated. Breakfast was adequate, we had the continental breakfast included in the price and we paid an additional £3 each to also have a fried breakfast. Staff were indiffernt. However as we payed £61 for the two of us, can't really complain. 	
Feb 6 2005	A Nice Place to Stay	I spent a weekend in July at the Westminster and had a lovely stay. I shared a room with two friends, and our triple was a nice size. The linens were fresh and the room was well kept. The bathroom, while small, was clean. As someone else commented, the toilets didn't always flush on the first try, but I found this to be pretty common with toilets all over the UK... they really do just work differently than American toilets. Breakfast was much better than I expected with several tasty options instead of the typical toast-and-jam &quot;continental breakfast&quot; I've had at other UK hotels. The staff were polite and helpful in giving us directions and helping us plan outings around town. The location is great too, as the hotel is on a quiet street only a short walk away from a variety of restaurants and shops. The only inconvenience we encountered was that the elevator only goes up to the fourth floor, and we had a room on the fifth. It was a bit of a hassle to drag our luggage up and down that extra flight of stairs, and the elevators were either slow or not working at all. Besides that, it was a great stay and I would recommend the Westminster to anyone looking for a decent, not-overly-priced place to stay in London.	
Dec 19 2004	Surely not the best but affordable	It is not too easy to find a Hotel in London which you can afford and it should be clean. The Westminster is. The rooms are small, very old houses, connected, the view to the yard backside is absolutely awful, close your eyes before, then the curtains. The bathroom was pretty clean, white tiles, spacy, really !! The warm water appeared after a &quot;quarter of an hour&quot;, the walk to the room was with a lot of different levels on the floor, don't drink and walk. We had 2 rooms, one for my mum, and this room was terrible small, one single small bed, even problems to store the luggage.The breakfast was pretty good, OK, not fully cooked, but you can order for about 3 pds. more, it was a buffet, continental, very well equipped.This is not the Hilton, but here you can stay for a week, and not only for one day for the same rate. The way to the tube is about 5-10 minutes walk, the area is very busy, just steps away from the hotel, but the hotel itself was very calm, even the adjoining youth hostel didn't bother us.If we would stay again there ?? I think so, if it will not decrease in quality.	
Dec 8 2004	Westminster Hotel	Good priced hotel with a nice location. The room was a bit shaby and needed some repair, but was clean and everything worked.	
Dec 5 2004	Great Value for Money	Having read and heard of so many horror stories about 2 and 3-star hotels in London, we chose this hotel because of the good above comments we read about it. We were not disappointed, and had a great stay. The hotel was well-located, service-oriented, with spacious and cozy rooms. Guests were a combination of UK-business men, young American and European adults. We have not seen what other hotels in this category look like in London, but we felt that we got great value for money with this one.	
Jul 6 2004	Good value		
Jun 17 2004	Enjoyed the stay		
Mar 26 2004	Loved it - Perfect for student travelers		
Dec 10 2003	Give this one a miss		
Oct 23 2003	good breakfast		
Jul 30 2003	small but cute		
May 21 2003	Definitely tourist class hotel		
Mar 4 2003	Theme hotel		
Nov 16 2009	Muy bueno		
Nov 9 2009 	Buona base di partenza per visitare Londra		
Oct 20 2009 	Trevlig personal på lungt hotell med turiststandard.		
Sep 20 2009 	Hôtel pas mal bien situé mais un peu cher pour ce qu'il est réellement		
Aug 12 2009 	Buon hotel a basso budget		
Jul 22 2009 	Accogliente		
May 29 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix et quartier calme et sympa		
May 17 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo hotel carino e comodo		
Apr 19 2009 	Buena ubicación y mejor limpieza		
Mar 31 2009 	bella sorpresa		
Mar 17 2009	Mauvaise expérience à LONDRES		
Mar 11 2009 	Excelente relación calidad-precio y limpieza		
Feb 25 2009 	Tipico Inglese		
Feb 8 2009 	Hotel en maravilloso barrio de londres		
Feb 5 2009 	hotel très bon rapport qualité prix		
Dec 26 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Oct 31 2008 	umi - perfecto		
Oct 23 2008 	Alles perfekt!		
Mar 30 2008 	Más ventajas que inconvenientes		
Mar 5 2008 	Génial !		
Jan 17 2008 	Non male		
