Nov 7 2009 	Excellent wonderful hotel	We booked this hotel as son having op at the Wellington Hospital, excellent location if you are visiting someone, you can walk it in 5 mins, we arrived early for hospital appointment and asked if we could check into the room. All was ready, room very nice, not that big but good enough. We hadnt booked a table for a meal but managed to get one at short notice, meal was brilliant excellent food. Would definately stay here again but hopefully not for hospital visiting!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great hotel but room could have been better	Thought the hotel itself was excellent. Didn't use the restaurant but Bar / Restauarant area where we had a drink seemed very nice and was a very good atmosphere in there. Thought the hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful. Decent location in 'zone 2' so very quick tube ride into the main tourist / shopping areas. Only downside for me was the room itself. Whilst it was okay, it seemed a bit basic, and no better than i'd expect at a roadside hotel chain, let alone a 4* hotel. But all in all was pleased and would stay there again when i'm next in London. Good value considering the location.	
Oct 30 2009 	Good value but take ear plugs	Surprisingly good rooms, although the walls are paper thin so all night you hear people coming and going along the corridor. Also cleaning staff cleaned the roon next to ours at 6am, very noisy hoovering!!!	
Oct 27 2009 	Never Again	Myself and my two sisters stayed here on the October Bank Holiday weekend. We had booked a triple room but were given a small double with an extra bed squeezed into a very confined space. There was only towels, toiletries, cups, milk etc., for two people even though we had booked for three, we constantly had to ask for more. The staff were less than helpful (non english speaking) the dining room served the same carvery every evening, the bar charged different prices depending on who was serving and the location was too far from the City Centre. There was no where to go in the evening except back on the tube or taxi into the City.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel suited our needs completely	Have just come back from weekend in London and found the hotel great, we had three bedrooms and all were of a very high quality, beds extremely comfortable. En suites were spotless, with loads of lovely soft towels. The staff were extremely helpful - particular mention to the concierge who was so kind when three of our party could not fly home due to illness - he booked the ferry for them - above and beyond the call of duty, especially as we had booked out a number of hours earlier. We dined at the hotel on Saturday night - buffet style and the food was excellent, every thing very tasty and as much as you wanted- they even cooked home made pizza for our teens and were so attentive - the chef was very helpful. Surrounding area beautiful, bus service excellent 2 tube stations near enough.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location good accommodation	We stayed here for two nights mid October - the room was spacious and comfortable. The downfall was our 'fully air conditioned' room wasn't - the air con had been switched off &quot;for the winter&quot; and our first night was extremely stuffy and uncomfortable. On speaking with the front desk the next morning, they didn't advise the situation but that they'd get someone to take a look and fix the air con. That night we went back down as nothing had been changed and only after waiting for quite a while did they admit the air con had been switched off. We asked for a top sheet to replace the heavy doona and this was delivered immediately. The solution of opening the window works only up to a point as the traffic noise is considerable. Having said that, we spoke with the manager the next morning and the issue was addressed adequately, albeit we'd lost two nights sleep!We would stay at this hotel again but for those who don't like hot rooms (23 degrees) you need to be wary once summer has passed. I'm not sure all the rooms had the air con switched off so maybe this can be addressed up front.The hotel is a great location for the subway and buses and adjacent the beautiful Regent's Park.	
Oct 8 2009 	A lovely hotel in a lovely location	We were very pleasantly suprised by this hotel, which we got a great price for through lastminute.com. The location is superb, particularly for any cricket fan like myself, as it looks right over Lords cricket ground and would be great for anyone needing to stay over to attend a match. Also, the hotel was so quiet given that we were staying in London - normally its such a noisy place but I can honestly say we barely noticed any noise at all.The service from from the staff was brilliant, except for one grouchy concierge one morning but I will forgive them that as the rest were so helpful, friendly and attentive. There was no problem with us switching room as the first one we were allocated had a set of stairs in it, not suitable for our two year old. We were moved without argument to a more suitable room.The rooms were lovely - clean, well arranged and with great facilities. The only very minor complaint I could find with the room was the toilet roll holder was in an awkward position!! Room service was quick and the food was good quality. Parking was good too.Overally I would recommend this hotel to anyone needing to stay in London.	
Sep 23 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	A 15 minute brisk walk (with bags) from either St Johns Wood Station or Baker Street Station, this hotel is situated opposite Lords Cricket Ground. Its proximity to the main road meant the room did suffer from traffic noise. However, the room was very clean, with adequate wardrobe and drawer space, large flat screen TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and small fridge. The bathroom had a great shower and towels were changed daily, if required. On arrival and departure (the main entrance is strangely at the back of the hotel) the reception staff were friendly, polite and helpful and the public areas were clean, bright and airy. Both check-in and check-out was straightforward and quick.Overall, Pros were good location, clean room, great shower and price paid (similar to some of the national budget chains but far better standard of accommodation). Cons, traffic noise and distance to underground stations but there is a bus stop outside the hotel.When next visiting London, I will definitely check room availability at this hotel.	
Sep 14 2009 	Cricket heaven	Only stayed one night at the Danubius to watch the ODI England v Australia. We chose the hotel for location, across the road from Lords. As we were travelling some distance we also wanted confirmed car parking (£20 per night). On arrival we were on the parking list so after checking in we left keys with concierge and went off for the day to watch England lose. Our room in the hotel was newly refurbished - stylish,good space,very clean with usual mod cons. Our view was over the car park from the 7th floor but was fine and quiet. The staff in Reception were efficient and polite. The bar and restaurant areas were not obvious at first and little information about them were given. However as we did not need to use them we cannot comment on the service there. We did notice that breakfast was quite expensive with no alternatives, on a Sunday, in the area. However due to leaving very early to return home we again did not use the restaurant.Overall the Danubius is a good 4 star London hotel in a convenient location.	
Aug 28 2009 	A lovely hotel for our short break	Booked the Danubius for a short two night stay with my wife and young son Callum.The Hotel is very easy to find - just down the road from St John's Wood Underground on the Jubilee Line and adjacent to Lords Cricket Ground.The reception staff were most courteous and welcoming - and we were checked in really smoothly and efficiently.Our room on the sixth floor was lovely. It was spacious and very clean. The tv screen was already switched on with a personalised welcoming message! The air conditioning made the room really comfortable. There was a double bed and two twin beds, a coffee table and settee and chair, a desk with a swivel chair - all carefully set out in the spacious room. The decorations were fresh and the bathroom immaculate.The continental breakfast served in the lovely dining room was a true joy. The range of fruit, cereals, breads, pastries, cheeses, cold meats etc was first rate. The Danubious eating area, named Minsky's, is a delightful restaurant - it is a outstanding area in which to enjoy your meals. The staff were polite and efficient.The shared areas, corridors, lifts etc were spotless.We really enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel to friends, colelagues and relatives.We will stay here again on our next visit to London.Ron Naylor	
Aug 27 2009 	Good value hotel	This is a pretty typical London hotel. The rooms are a nice enough, slightly on the small side and the furniture was a little tired but generally ok. Smoking rooms are available my room had a fridge, which i prefer to a mini bar. The Location of the hotel is good especially if you are arriving by car, as its just outside the congestion charge zone and it has its own car park. Staff were very polite, although i never used any of the bars or room service so can't comment on them. Would stay here again, at the right price.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great value for room only	I stayed here in room 426 for 1 night in August 2009 and booked a 'room only' rate through the internet. I got a double room even though I only booked a single for about £90, not cheap but this is London! Room very clean, coffee &amp; tea and all bathroom goodies provided. You will need to walk a little way to find the subway or use a bus to get into the centre of town, these are just at the end of the street. Taxi about £10 into Oxford Street area. Parking a car here is £20 for the night, food and drinks are expensive and breakfast at around £14 should be avoided, there is a great little cafe right outside the main gate that does good food all day. Would I stay here again - Yes.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good place to meet cricket players!	We stayed the night of the Sussex v Hampshire Friends provident trophy and stayed here for 1 night. The food is excellent, staff are friendly and best of all we met the Sussex players here after the game. Who were very friendly and posed for photos for us. My only complaint is the price of drinks and the fact that there were only a handful of staff on to cater for lots of people. A round of 4 drinks cost £40 (2 vodkas and coke and 2 southern comforts and 2 cokes. But didnt mind as we met up with Luke Wright (England), Murray Goodwin amongst others.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	Just spent a couple of days at the Danubius and enjoyed every moment.This is a great hotel in an ideal location ... A couple of hundred yards from St John's Wood tube station which is minutes from anywhere.The hotel has car parking at respectable rates ... £20 per day at time of writing ... Which is fantastic for London and meant a trip up by car rather than Rail hell.We stayed in one of the refurbished rooms which were lovely ... Comfy bed, near silent air conditioning, flat screen TV, trouser press, safe, a well fitted bathroom and a good sized (empty) fridge to fill with all your holiday drinks ... A nice touch.The breakfast was to die for, great variety, fresh, well cooked, piping hot, plentiful and managed by attentive and friendly staff (which was typical throughout the hotel).We've stayed at many hotels in London over the years and, at this price range, the Danubius is the best value for money by quite some margin.No doubt we'll be staying there on our next visit.	
Aug 4 2009 	Perfect location smart hotel	We chose The Danubius for it's location and the fact that we could park on site. We weren't disappointed. Access to the hotel was easy and parking hassle free. It took away most of the normal stresses of visiting London, very handy. Also, it sits just on a bus route and tube, straight to the centre, maybe 10mins. The staff were great, really attentive and made us feel special from the minute we arrived. The room was comfortable, with a brilliant big bed and great flat screen TV. The bar downstairs is very stylish and quite inviting, if a little quiet for our liking. We didn't eat at the hotel, but it appeared a little pricey, as were the rooms(we had no joy getting a better rate, so this was an indulgence!) Overall a lovely time.	
Aug 2 2009 	Very enjoyable break at a superbly located hotel	My wife and I needed a hotel to stay in for a long weekend in London taking in the FP Trophy Final at Lord's. The hotel was ideally situated for Lord's and also London Zoo and Camden Markets which we also visited on our other days there.I had emailed in advance to advise we would be arriving well prior to the check-in time of 14:00 so that we could go on to London Zoo. The response was quick and confirmed that our baggage would be secure whilst we went out and we could check-in later. When we arrived we were delighted to find that our room had been prepared for an early arrival and we could drop our bags off and go out straight away.The hotel does not look the finest from external appearance but inside it is beautifully turned out and our standard room looked recently refurbished and was very nice indeed. One final word should go the staff. They were excellent, attentive and polite at all times.	
Jul 13 2009 	Danubius? More like dubious! Please don't be blinded by the stars...	The worst hotel experience of my life. Me and two of my friends fancied a bit of luxury so we booked the Danubius hotel... how very wrong we were.We arrived at half one, collected our keys and made our way to the room. All 3 keys did not work. We then asked the very close maid. She failed.She asked someone else. They failed. We went back down to reception. They tried. They failed (Got the pattern yet?) our show was at 2:30 and so we had to leave. We left our bags and said we'd be back about 5.We returned at 6:30. The problem wasn't fixed. A maintenance man had to practically break into the room and then spent 20 minutes fiddling with the door. When entering the room a 3rd bed had been shoved in a twin room(this is not what we booked) Also had 2 towels, 2 mugs, 2 glasses (you get the idea. there wasn't the facilities for 3 people -which we had paid for) there was also dirty tea in the teapot.After getting ready we tried the keys again- didn't work. Went downstairs to reception and listed all the issues and said we would like to be moved. This was agreed. We went out for our meal. When we returned our room hadn't been swapped and we were met by the most rude hotel personel I have ever encountered. We were treated as second class customers because we didn't book through their site. The main 'manager' spoke over us and treated us like children (unaware that although we are young - we are three professionals - not that this should make a difference) I was told to stop shouting at one point (which I wasn't) We gave up. She offered us nothing in compensation even though after 10 hours we were unable to get into our room. She took us to our room and said there was nothing wrong with the key. When in the room we rang the operator for towels, etc which we needed. It took 45 minutes for them to bring them.The most shocking was when I looked in the fridge and found an opened carton of milk with a use by date of August 2005. I couldn't believe my eyes. Again no apology when this was taken to reception the next morning.Nothing was offered as compensation at any point.Please do not waste your money at this hotel. I had such a bad experience that it ruined my short stay in London which we had been planning since August last year. I feel abused by this hotel.	
Jul 2 2009 	good location basic hotel good value for money...	i stayed in the danubius hotel for a night last month..i booked at a reasonably good price through internet [140 euros]. The room is basic but with all you need during a business trip....i checked in late and had dinner in the room which was unexpectedly ok for a uk hotel [i mean uk is not a gourmet country after all...]the gym is open 24 hrs a day and is well equipped wient ll you need for a quick workout...breakfast was ok...in general i think danubius is a descent hotel for a business or leisure trip...in a good location...if you dont want to spend a lot of money in accomodation	
Jun 26 2009 	Great staff	This a just a good hotel. The entire hotel experience is according to expectations, which is great.I'm writing this review because the staff are really fine.I left my keys at the hotel a week ago. Back at home, I called the hotel, and a friendly lady offered me to send the keys. Later i realized that I would be visiting London again. That was yesterday. staff rememered me, and they brought my keys straight away.Thanks!	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel for both location and price	The hotel is located opposite Lords Grounds and about 15 minutes bus ride to Oxford Street and Central London.If you require an underground station, both St Johns Wood and Baker Street are within walking distance.  My double room was just the correct size for a double but you could not put a third person in the room.Breakfast could not be any better for choice and food and would probably last you most of the day.Will definitely come back.	
Jun 9 2009 	Average hotel but great location	Having stayed at the Danubius several times earlier, the hotel does not have any exciting features except for its location which mainly attracts a loyal clientele. Situated right opposite lords on one end and regents park on the other, the location is apt if your a cricket fan and are spending a few days in london. Both baker street and st. johns wood tube stations are within walking distance and the hotel is a 10 minute bus ride away from oxford street. Amenities of the hotel are fairly average, rooms are neat and small and air conditioned which is very important during the london summer. The hotel has recently renovated a few rooms which are of a higher standard. Again, I greatly recommend this hotel if your not looking for something too fancy but within your budget and you dont intend to stay in the hotel for most of the day its just perfect.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel and an even better surprise...	Stayed here for five nights towards the end of May. The hotel was very nice and clean. My girlfriend and I both agreed that the bed the hotel had was the most comfortable we'd ever slept in and we travel a good deal. The hotel is situated across the street from the Lord's Cricket grounds and Regents Park. Fairly convenient to the St. John's Wood (Jubilee) tube stop and roughly a ten minute walk to the Baker Street tube stop. The area is fairly quiet with a nice mix of cultures, a bit of an Arab feel as there are two Hookah bars on around the corner from the hotel. The only down side to this hotel is that the walls are fairly thin and you can make out muffled conversations from our neighbors. But, as my girlfriend and I are fairly used to traveling and got in late most nights this really didn't bother us all too much. We had fresh towel every day and the room was kept very clean. The best part about the hotel is that it is situated about 5 blocks south of the Abbey Road studios where the Beatles recorded their last album together and that pretty much made my trip. Also the Baker Street the home of Sherlock Holmes and Madame Tussauds are within walking distance. Well worth the trip.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent choice	booked this through one of those 'mystery' booking sites, ie cheap rate but you don't know which hotel you are staying in until the booking is confirmed however the hotel was perfect. Check in was very fast &amp; efficient. The room (335, twin) was very comfortable &amp; above all very quiet, nice view of Lords cricket ground &amp; St Johns park from the window. The trouser press did not work at all but, very importantly, the air conditioning did which is usually a bit hit &amp; miss. The beds &amp; duvets were really comfortable, I had the best nights sleep I had had in some time. We did not use the hotel facilities such as the bar or restaurant, we found plenty of lovely local places just a couple of minutes walk away on St Johns high street (check out the Turkish restaurant 'SOFRA', great value &amp; so friendly). The walk to the tube station was about 8 minutes but we found it much cheaper &amp; easier to get on a bus (better sight seeing prospects too!). The number 13 bus from across the road in Park Lane takes you all the way to Charring Cross Station area via some great sights. We did not realise until we were taking the number 46 back to Paddington as we left for home, that we could have also visited Little Venice quickly &amp; easily.Next time I stay in London I shall make a point of booking at the Danubius.	
May 18 2009 	BRILLIANT	Only word to describe the staff and hotel is BRILLIANT.I am a regular visitor to hotels in Europe and especially London and very fussy any little thing will set me off.From the moment we arrived at the Hotel it was like coming home. It was 11.30 when we got there. I thought I could just park the car and go for a coffee until we could book in but when I asked there wasn’t a problem they booked us straight in, helped with the luggage and all with a smile. The staffs were very friendly; the room (625) was very clean and well equipped. The restaurant staff at breakfast were very efficient, the Bar staff were wonderful. The concierge looked after the car and when I asked for some where I could wake to and have a coffee he gave me good directions and a great place to chill out over my coffeeWe are back in London this weekend and will be staying there again.	
May 5 2009 	Never again	Arrived at noon. Because we wanted to pay cash, we had to pay upfront,and when done, were told there was no room available before 2 PM.The young lady at the desk told us pretty rudely 'that's the rule'. We hadfilled an information form when arriving at noon, had to do the same again when we came back in the evening to finally get to our room. they did'nt find the first one anymore. Internet is available 'at a modest charge',which is a disgrace nowadays, small (but clean) room, breakfast expensive, parking expensive even if nearly empty (sunday night),location a hefty walk from city center, the only nice person I noticed was a color guy acting as concierge.	
Apr 24 2009 	Worst Hotel Experience	We arrived very late, because of ferry problems, called the hotel as soon as I could, at 11pm. Rude front desk told me I could not reschedule the room, I would be charged a &quot; no show&quot; fee of a full night.READ THE FINE PRINT before you book. Also its NOT a 5 min walk to Abbey Road as advertised. BEWARE	
Mar 23 2009 	Modern rooms pleasant stay	Chose location to be near a friend's home - unsure if location would be great to most travelers, as it's a good 10 minute walk to the St. John's Wood tube station (not so fun with luggage). Value was good for short stay. Room was nice, renovated and modern - flat screen tv, duvets, everything updated and modern. Close to delightful St. John's Wood High Street, with great shops and restaurants. Service at front desk was good. Now is part of an Eastern European chain. Satisfied with stay and will stay there again if need to be in that neighborhood of Central London.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel nice location...good breakfast...	Hi stayed at this hotel on the 19th March 2009 for 1 night great room nice and clean loads of pillows, comfortable bed, clean and modern bathroom, pleanty of tea and cofee, need a bit more milk though, fridge in room, flat screen tv, air con, or heating, small but cosy, not much of a view but we was out most of the day so didn't bother us, bar was a bit pricey but we only had a couple of drinks, off licence just out side so get your bits from there, bus stop across the road, takes you to the centre of London, car park was £20 from noon til noon so not too bad but still should be free for residents especialy at this time with the credit crunch..... breakfast was good buffet style with loads of choice.., we never pre-booked so got a discount at the hotel..for £10 each, £15 per person other wise.We booked through late rooms.com so got the room for £99 which wasn't bad, other wise they were £299 can't see how or why...All in all a lovely stay, check out was 12 noon, nice staff and lovely hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	Ok hotel but breakfast service appalling	I'm writing this review in the hope that someone important working at the hotel reads it and takes note. My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend and overall the hotel was fine but i really hope they can sort out some extra staff to deal with the breakfast rush. One poor woman, who was working her backside off, was having to seat people whilst also clear tables and set up new ones. Despite working as quickly as she could this led to long queues for breakfast with everybody waiting able to see lots of vacant tables. I think a 4* hotel should be able to afford to pay for one more member of staff to sort this problem out. This poor woman also had to take drinks order and on the first morning our tea never came, no doubt forgotten about whilst she tried to do so many other things under the pressure of an ever growing queue. All the staff were very helpful and polite and happily changed our room for one that didn't stink of stale smoke.	
Jan 31 2009 	My Hotel In London	I stay at the Danubius Hotel approx 6 times a year. I am always welcomed and have found it a pleasant experience and extremely relaxing. On the one occasion when I had problems with room service - it was late. My complaints were taken very seriously and received a written apology from the management. If you're a boy, you can even have a room overlooking Lords Cricket Ground!	
Jan 1 2009	A Decent Stay	We stayed in a standard room for 5 nights over the Christmas holiday. The standard room was very small and wedge-shaped, and despite a lot of vacancy, we were placed at the juncture of two buildings on the 2nd floor overlooking the kitchen roof and vents. Horrible view, and awful kitchen smells when we opened the window. The room was tired, the furniture worn, and the curtains in need of a good washing. However, the bathroom was very nice with a beautiful tub, tile work, modern fixtures, and very hot water and good pressure. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. Housekeeping made an appearance every morning around 10 am - when we needed service, the tidying up provided was very good. We had some very restful and quiet nights there. The big refrigerator was very handy.My biggest complaint about the room besides the placement of the room was the electric tea kettle. It was handy, and I used it every morning - until the 3rd morning when I looked in and saw white curd-like stuff covering the electric coils and floating through the water (which I had been drinking for 2 days.) I have seen this before on electric pots with exposed coils - I guess it has something to do with the minerals. It was absolutely disgusting and housekeeping should be cleaning these on a daily basis. I also do not think the tea cups are replaced every day; housekeeping simply rinses them in the bathroom sink. The lobby, and whole hotel actually reminded me of a hospital or home for the aged ...it just has that feel to it. The hotel bar was pleasant. We did not try the restaurant, or the gym. We did not use the internet. There is not much in the way of restaurants to walk to from the restaurant -- we got in at 11 pm at night and had to take a taxi to Camden and back for food. In retrospect we should have ordered room service or pizza, but we had been on a plane all day and needed some fresh air. We chose this hotel to be close to family who lived a few blocks away and because it was affordable. It was a nice stay, but mostly because we were out of the room from 11 am - 11 pm. I would not stay here again.	
Dec 12 2008	Woth considering	Stayed for one week in December 2008. Found accomodations to be quite comfortable, room spacious and nicely finished. Housekeeping was excellent. The place was spotless.We also enjoyed the pub. Internet connections there were horrible, but with some pushing managed to have the hotel waive the charge. There is a Starbucks closeby where I could get T-Mobile Hotspot coverage (more expensive than the hotel but it worked.) Staff were efficient and professional; not quick to offer solultions to problems - but willing to speak to management when we proposed a resolution (example - the internet didn't work very well so you shouldn't be charging for it.) After initially holding that there we no problems with the internet we finally had a comment that they were in the process of replacing wiring.Location was convenient to public transport (St. John's Wood tube station is 3 easy blocks north and not a problem with good wheeled luggage.) Also double decker bus service provided quick access to the west end. It was also an an enjoyable area to walk. All in all I would consider staying here again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Absolutely fine.....	I thought that the Danubius was fine. The location was good, it was great being able to walk to the zoo and the park. The area, while residential seemed safe and very pleasant. The high street has some decent restaurants, coffee shops and shops. Great charity shop - if you've got a spare £295 to spend on an old (and not very nice) Valentino evening dress!!I only had breakfast at the hotel which was always plentiful and perfectly acceptable. My husband was living at the hotel for a couple of weeks ate there sometimes in the evenings and said the food was not so good. Drinks in the bar were expensive too he claimed - but they would be wouldn't they?!Room was a bit on the small side, but clean, fresh bed and towels daily. Morning restaurant staff and cleaning staff were good. Reception staff not so. I repeated the same thing to different staff several times who virtually all seemed a little vacant - maybe it was a language thing as English wasn't the first language of the ones I spoke to - but it wasn't a major problem - just a bit irritating.All in all, a pleasant enough stay and I would stay again if I needed to be in this area.PS Parking £20 a day for residents.	
Nov 24 2008 	value for money	stayed here for one night to attend a conference for work. Easily accesible by tube and well located for a number of london attractions e.g london zoo. Room was clean and looked like it had been recently renovated. Wide choice for continental breakfast option, room service prices were reasonable and portions large. Staff were polite and friendly.	
Jul 23 2008 	Decent hotel	Clean, well maintanied rooms of a decent size. Staff was also extremely helpful and courteous. The only drawback was the location as there are no restaurants, shops etc in the visinity. Would recommend the hotel to those looking for a no frills but comfortable stay in London at an affordable price.	
Jun 21 2008 	Ermm.... UGH!	Needs closing whilst its refitted.Away from everything but very quiet if you like it that way (or like cricket). Otherwise 9 quid taxi from Euston and a good 15 mins from Marylebone on foot. Resturants &amp; bars are a good 10 mins brisk walk away.60's building with lots of revamping necessary to make it a nice place. Rooms clean but dated and aircon/heating doesnt work properly. Some staff unhelpful to the point of unpleasant - thank goodness this doesnt include the cheery doormen, otherwise you wouldnt go in! Air Canada block books this hotel to the tune of probably hundreds of rooms a night sometimes, so the reception can resemble an airport check in hall at times.If it was cheap I'd say fine....but it isnt. If you are not business travellers, a couple of miles further north and you could shave £100 per night off the cost, you would have a better room/service, be near a tube station for sightseeing and and have in the bank the cost of a taxi both ways for an evening out in the city.	
Apr 10 2008 	football holigans only	A very, very large T.V. screen in the Pavillion Bar dominates the whole bar. It was full of loud, rowdy football holigans singing, shouting, dancing and get drunk whilst watching the game on Tuesday night. Very unpleasant and not the sort of thing I would expect from a hotel in Regents Park. Air conditioning was full on cold. Engineer came to fix it and it was then full on hot. The controls did not work. Towels were very thin. Only one member of staff on reception when we tried to check out.Concierge was excellent, very helpful and charming. Breakfast was okay although they had left the rind on the pineapple which was not easy to cut off with an ordinary knife.	
Feb 15 2008 	An OK hotel	Just returned from the Danubis Hotel after a 3 nights stay. The hotel is in a more subhurban area of London so you have to be prepared to walk or use public transport. There is little in the area except housing, offices, Lord's, a couple of small shops, Regents Park and the mosque. Nothing to do in the evenings and not really the sort of area you want to wander around at night.The hotel itself was fine. The breakfast buffet was good as there was plenty of choice. We also ate in the restuarant one evening - the food was ok but not brillant. We were kept waitng a short while for our meal but we were offered a complimentary drink! We didn't think that we had been kept waitng that long yet it was a nice gesture. Staff were always very pleasant.Our rooms were on the 5th floor and not renovated. They are still working on the 4th floor. They were clean however, and it didn't really matter if they were a little shabby as we were only in there during the evening/night. The rooms do get very hot during the night so it was dificult to sleep at times and quite noisy due to passing traffic including trains. The walls also seem quite thin as we could hear other guests talking in their rooms once the TV was off.Would I return to the Danubis? Probably not due to its location.	
Dec 1 2007 	Update to my Sep 8 2005 review of THIS hotel.	Alrighty, so I am a busy person and do lots of shopping so there is definitely NO ROOM in my luggage or hand bag to carry a digital camera like I used to back in the day. Sorry, NO PICS to back up what I'm about to say. Don't let that stop you from banking on this review.Well, after now almost nine years of travelling back and forth to the UK, I have learned that St. John's Wood is NOT the MOST exclusive little area of London. I apologize. Great for cricket lovers though!Let's get back to the hotel shall we?...... The Danubius has been in overhaul mode for the last little while. I wish I could say that they're doing an Extreme Makeover, but then I'd be lying. The restaurant, the bar, the gym, the lobby (not incl. the little store that is now an office) are all EXACTLY the same as they were over five years ago. I don't have a problem with that, don't get me wrong but, a little freshening up never hurt anyone. Enough already, I know you want to hear about the ROOMS!!!Here's the skinny! Thankfully, this hotel has completely overhauled the second and third floors. They are in the process of doing the 4th and well, considering that the (sometimes working, sometimes not) elevators go to the 11th, they've got a long way to go.I think I would have preferred it if they shut down and did the whole entire job but clearly, that's not feasible or maybe they're cheap &amp; greedy, I don't know. Either way, it's annoying to hope you're gonna end up on the renovated floors only to get the SUPER CRAPPY old ones. Talk about spider central! Once I saw a spider there that no joke was the size of a small tarantula. I didn't want my shoes dirty so I had to kill it with the bottom of a glass. Yeah gross, I know! They seem to love bugs there. Even the hallway windows are often left open. (can we say invitation???)Moving right along, let's talk about the new rooms because I know you know how horrible the old ones are. The new rooms have new furniture, totally new bathrooms and even a new TV (very few free channels, the rest is pay for movie stuff). They rooms are totally sheek and outfitted with wireless or highspeed with ethernet cord provided! I am fully impressed and can only say that the one thing they didn't change was the bed which is funny because quite honestly, that was the only thing they were getting right from back in the day. So, Danubius, kudos to you for not screwing up the beds! (oh yeah, new bedspread and head board but, sheets still the same, too bad...)Service at the hotel? Well,..... language continues to be an issue all over England but I have to be honest, at a HOTEL in England, should ENGLISH not be a requirement????????Poland is everywhere in England. Poland is working the phones, the room cleaning, the restaurant. I'm good with Polish speakers everywhere, but again, a little English wouldn't hurt. Wait a minute! I take that back! A little English DOES hurt because that's ALL many of the people in this hotel have. Makes for lots of confusion. One day I asked for a tea pot, I got tea bags. Another day, I asked for Kleenex and the cleaning lady just stepped back from the cart in the hallway and motioned to me that I could take whatever I wanted. (Sign language does work in awkward situations!)The phones? well, either you get Marsha who actually speaks and understands English or you're on your own and so is anyone trying to reach you. My last name is as easy as SMITH and each time I get calls in and people ask for me, they begin the conga line of &quot;pardon me, how do you spell that?&quot; If you can't get SMITH the first time around, imagine what happens with people that don't have boring old last names like mine.The food? I am not going to gush! I LOVE THE FOOD at Minsky's New York Deli! The breakfast buffet is to die for, I had the dinner there all summer long right up to October (my most recent stay). I can't say enough about the food. BE ADVISED! It's fattening. Yeah, I said it. I gained weight as a result of overeating in the UK and without question, it was mostly Minsky's food but , it was gooooood! Near gushing? Ok, I'll stop.Front desk staff? Leave lots to be desired. If you deal with the same person over and over again, you'll be fine but largely, the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. That's not commendable.Hhhhmmmmm.....location...again, as far as I'm concerned the location is good if you want to be away from it all but still be in convenient walking distance to little shops and restaurants. (24hr convenience store right beside the hotel..go there in my jammies all the time......they just bought out the store next to them so they'll be even BIGGER and yes, you can get your tickets to ride public transit right there!!!)That's it for now! I really do hope that this was helpful to you like the little thingy says underneath this review. If you do bite the bullet and stay at this largely overpriced hotel, I do encourage you to write in and help readers to hear another perspective but don't sugarcoat! That doesn't help any of us!Happy travels!:-)WD	
Nov 18 2007 	Shabby rooms	Not my usual hotel for a stay in London so approached it with trepidation. Its in a wealthy area of London - but not really close to anything other than the zoo and a cricket ground.Its a long walk with a suitcase from the underground station so a taxi is almost obligatory. Eight pounds from Padington. The staff were welcoming - but not amenable to an up-grade - the public rooms are fine - the bedroom I had less so - shabby is about the best I can say as it all needed a good overhaul. It was however comfortable and seemed clean. Good shower and lots of hot water.Food - nothing special. Breakfast - ok and the staff were well - perhaps over - managed. At least the tables were kept clean and clear. Coffee horrible as is usually the case in the UK.	
Oct 8 2007	Terrible Awful Outdated - don't stay	This hotel is outdated and not worth the money. We have just stayed there for one night and it was enough. The rooms are dirty and outdated and the bathroom was so small we both couldn't get in at the same time. The toilet bowl was dirty and the shower door stuck (no bath). We upgraded from a standard room to an executive room for £30 and it was terrible. God knows what the standard room is like. You are better spending your money at the Marriott in Madia Vale - lovely hotel with lovely staff. Never ever ever ever again.	
Oct 6 2007 	Good location but that is about it	I stayed here because I needed access to the nearby hospital &amp; the hotel location was ideal for that. I wasn't going to be spending much time in the room apart from sleep but I took the advice in the other reviews and asked for a refurbished room which was actually very nice, the only problem is that mine was on the main road which was REALLY noisy even with the windows closed plus the room was boiling hot, apparently there is no air conditioning and even with the heating turned off the room was too hot in my opinion. I’d suggest asking for a room away from the main road if you want some sleep then you can open the window if the room is too hot without being disturbed!!! Also I didn't rate the breakfast much, you could easily walk to nearby cafe for something better. Apart from those little problems the hotel is nice enough plus the location is perfect for central London.	
Aug 7 2007 	Danubius Hotel	We have just spent 2 nights at the Danubius and were rather disappointed with our room. Admittedly we never complained but upon checkout when we aired our views we were told we should have asked for a &quot;refurbished&quot; room. Unfortunately at the time of checking in we never realised you had a choice. It was only when our son arrived the next day and his room was fantastic that we knew there were better rooms on offer. He had a fridge and we never, he had a plasma TV, we didn't. But we never stayed in the room for long so it didn't matter. If you are visting Lords Cricket Ground then this is the absolute ideal place to stay. Its less than a 5 minute walk away. The buffet breakfast is fantastic and the staff are friendly. There is nowhere at all to park a car in the surrounding streets so you have to use the hotel car park which is £18 per day. But perhaps a small price to pay to know your car is safe.	
Jun 28 2007 	Give it a MISS!	Stayed for 1 night nut was totally disappointed. The location was amazing, looking the Lords cricket ground but everything else was a way below par. The check-in was standard , without a smile n any warmth. When I checked in to the room it was a non-skoking room. I had asked for a smoking room. When I went down to the reception they said that they have no smoking rooms available so had to stay in the non-smoking one. The rooms as it is need some serious uplifting. It looks shabby, old and uncared for. Could do much better with such a property.	
Jun 10 2007 	This is a a great place!	Read the reviews on this place before booking, seemed pretty good overall and the hotel didnt disapoint. It is in a great location by Regents Park and a simple stroll will take you into the heart of the place, Londons Zoo is walkable and Lords Cricket Ground is opposite. The tube as St Johns wood is straight up the road and 10 mins at most, this is great communication link to easily take you into the heart of London or like me to Wembly Stadium, less than 15 mins by tube. The hotel itself does seem to look a bit eastern european, but you cant fault the service throughout. There are some renovations at present, but we wouldnt have known about them unless they were sign posted. The rooms especially the new refurbsihed ones are great, stylish and perfect for the business or tourist needs. I booked through cityandshow and got a great rate. The breakfast is plentiful and a reasonable standard and price, all in all, this place is great value for money with a great location and superb links to key areas of London	
Jun 9 2007 	Needs Renovation	This hotel is located in a great area, across from Regents Park and Lord's Cricket grounds (sacred ground for cricket fans). Because of that, I believe the prices are a bit high for the room quality. It used to be a Radisson and the room I stayed in definitely showed that. Two small twin beds which I don't think I've ever seen in a hotel in my life. The carpet and linens were outdated and everything seemed to be in disrepair. The television was old and on a rickety cart. I really felt like I was staying in a motel and not a quality hotel with the Danubius reputation. That being said, renovations were underway in the hotel, just not on my floor. The room I stayed in had a great view overlooking both Lord's cricket ground and Regent's Park. The room was kept very clean and the hotel restaurants had great food (especially since a full breakfast buffet was included). The hotel was also in close proximity to the Sherlock Holmes museum and Madame Tussaud's. And if you are a car buff like myself, there are few places in London that I saw with more exotic cars.In the end, I gave this a low review primarily because the price was too high for the quality. I'm sure that once the renovations are completed and the hotel has more of the Danubius quality, I think this will be an excellent place to stay.	
May 27 2007	Pleasantly surprised	Although undergoing renovation - 1/2 3rd floor it proved to be the friendliest London hotel we have ever stayed in. The bedroom was spotless, it was relatively quiet and if you were a cricket fan it was perfection. Breakfast was first class, plenty of choice at a beautifully presented buffet with attentive staff. Nothing was too much trouble.Highly recommended, including the parking system. Brisk 5 minute walk to tube, 2 minutes to bus and central London much faster than tube. Great for sightseeing, outside congestion charge - just so ok to pop car in.	
May 18 2007	Grotty	Stayed here for one night as was convenient for business meeting.Room was large - but grotty, stank of smoke. Carpet was well stained, floor tiles in bathroom broken, furniture in need of repair.Breakfast was OK - but I'm not going back.	
Apr 23 2007	grim staff 	The pictures of the Danubius didn't look very alluring, but I wanted to stay in the area. I booked a single and prepaid for two nights through Lastminute.com. Unfortunately, I ended up spending the first night in the hospital. My husband called the hotel, explained the circumstances and said that I would be arriving the following day. I knew I wouldn't receive a refund for the missed night, but I was taken aback when the front desk told me the reservation had been cancelled and that I would have to pay another £89 if I wanted a room. When I protested, I was told I had to take the matter up with Lastminute.com. But it was the hotel that had taken it upon themselves to cancel my reservation. I felt pretty shaky as it was and didn't appreciate this. The receptionist was not sympathetic although after much consultation and phone calls he allowed that he would reinstate my reservation. It took more than an hour to have my bag delivered (I was too weak to take it up myself.) The concierage said they had written down the wrong room.The hotel is owned by a Hungarian group and has a whiff of the Soviet bloc about it. I didn't use any of the services, and I skipped continental breakfast for an extra £12.95. Most of the television channels were premium. I was very happy to leave the next day.	
Mar 30 2007	Wonderful stay in London	Thoroughly enjoyed my visit at the Danubius with a spacious room with very comfortable twin beds. The service was excellent at the desk for sign-in with Fatso Rufin who was very helpful along with his staff. Hotel is within a short pleasant walk to St. John's Wood stop. Continental breakfast was excellent and very generous selection. Carvery at night was very good too. Lovely canal walk near the hotel which I would have missed if not for a friend. Ask at desk how to get down to it. Cafe Laville at 453 Edgware Road was a memorable eating experience oerlooking the canal and boats.	
Mar 20 2007	Excellent hotel by European standards; slightly inconvenient location	The Danubius is a fine place to stay and if you can book it at a reasonable rate, you should not go wrong. The only criticism we have is that it is a long walk to the nearest underground station, but there is no problem obtaining a taxi to wherever you may want to go. Our room was large, the fixtures were convenient (unlike some modern London hotels), and the staff was very helpful. The WiFi network seemed to work fine, although it was expensive and proprietary, and the optional breakfast was very extensive--it was really worth the ten pounds it cost at the current unfavorable exchange rate for the dollar. The hotel is nearest to Paddington station, which is fine if you are going via Heathrow. If you want to get to St. Paul's or the docklands, of course you should not stay here. The west end is near enough, however, and the facilities rank high enough that it is worth the taxi fare to get where you may want to be. We stayed two nights and were quite pleasantly surprised and fully satisfied.	
Mar 19 2007	generally a miss	We booked this hotel based on price and its tripadvisor reviews. However, we were unaware of the distance to the Baker Street tube station... 11 minutes or 0.9 miles one way! Not a big deal... I know. But it made making a &quot;quick trip&quot; to the room a real hassle. The room was clean enough but the window dressings would not close properly, providing no privacy. At breakfast, the staff were very intent on clearing my husband's plate and he had taken one bite of toast! We spent the entire time asking to be left alone to finish our 8 GBP each breakfasts. The selection was lacking and knowing now we wouldn't have even bothered with a meal in the dreary restaurant. All in all I would give this hotel a miss. We have stayed in many London hotels and there are much better within the same price bracket located closer to those all important tube stations.	
Mar 16 2007 	A very pleasant stay!	Stayed here for two nights in order to attend an event at the Lords Cricket Ground (sadly not cricket!) which is situated literally a stones throw away. Had read some of the reviews and was slightly dubious (excuse the pun) but had no reason for concern and indeed note that most of the more recent reports have been positive. Clearly the management here have taken action. Good experience started at reception with several very pleasant young ladies providing a friendly and efficient welcome. My room was on the first floor- just past the bar and was one of a group known as &quot;Plaza&quot; rooms- possibly a throw back to the previous chain who had this hotel?Room was clean and modern with a refurbished bathroom. Also had a sofa which was OK but prevented the closing of the curtains properly! The only downside was the view of the car park. Visited a colleagues room and noted great views over Lords. Bar staff also very friendly and breakfast was above average. Noted that the rack rates were very high but we didnt pay anything like those levels and I'm sure there are bargains to be had. Interested to see that this is the only UK hotel of a chain that dominates the Hungarian market. I have visited the Steam Spa at the Gelert in Budapest, Danubius's flagship and wonder if they might be tempted to install Budapest style Spa facilities here!!	
Mar 12 2007 	Pleasantly suprised	When I read the reviews of this hotel when booking in January for my boyfriend's birthday, I thought that for the price I paid (£200 for three nights with continental breakast) it would be okay! How wrong was I, it was a great hotel. Maybe not 4 star, nearer 3. The staff were friendly and could not do enough. Check in was efficient and the bell boy took our luggage up and showed us to our room.We had a room which overlooked the railway lines, however as we were on the 10th floor that wasn't a problem. We were not disturbed by any noises. The room was spacious, clean and had the most comfortable bed I had slept in in a long time.The hotel are currently undergoing renovations to the bedrooms on two floors, however we did not hear any building noise.The breakfast was plentiful, with a good selection and friends of ours who joined us for the Saturday night upgraded to full english for £5.50 extra.  The hotel was conveniently located with St John's Wood tube station only ten minutes walk and Marylebone 15 mins away. It took around 40 minutes from leaving the hotel to getting into Covent Garden for bars and restaurants. When we left on the Sunday we took at black cab from the hotel direct to Kings Cross and this only cost £10.All in all a great hotel for the price. We will definately stay there again.	
Feb 14 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	Having booked a family room with this hotel, we arrived at the hotel at 9.20 a.m. on a Saturday morning expecting the usual line of &quot;Come back at 2 o'clock and your room will be ready for you then.&quot; It was lovely to be told that as our room was a family room it was ready and we could go up to the fourth floor immediately.We already knew the family rooms didn't have a view so we weren't surprised to be overlooking the railway line. What did surprise us was the size of the room.Having stayed in a number of 5 star hotels whose idea of a family room is either two double beds or one double bed and a sofa bed, the boys who are now of the age when they have no wish to share a bed, were absolutely delighted to find three beds in the room.One queen size bed with two separate large single beds behind a small dividing pillar. The room was enormous and clean and remarkable value for money.The next morning we went down for breakfast and again were surprised with the choice on offer - all the food was hot and freshly prepared with the chef continually replenishing the sausages, bacon etc and the staff were incredibly polite and friendly.Throughout our stay we did not meet one sullen member of staff and had absolutely no cause to complain about anything.Just across the road from Lord's (do the tour of the ground if you get the chance) and a short walk from St John's Wood tube with a direct link to Bond Street, Green Park, Westminster and Waterloo.Plenty of local independent shops in the area plus the omnipresent Tesco Express and a good choice of restaurants.Would we stay again - definitely!	
Jan 29 2007	Fantastic	Recently stayed at this hotel and had a great time. Was a little aprehensive about staying there after reading some reviews which slated the place however its a realyl nice hotel and in an excellent location.I stayed on the second floor of the hotel which I thought would be noisy due to some reviews sayin they could hear tube trains rumbling past below however the noise from the tubes was very faint, and not noticeable. My partner , who I travelled with didn't even notice any noise even after I told him bout reviews on this site. The room temperature was just right, as was the room interior. The room was not small and I thought rather spacious compared to other London hotels. Also:- The staff were friendly and polite.- Room service was not very efficient as food we had ordered without particular ingredients still came with the stuff we did not ask for.- 5 minute walk (at the most) to tube station.- Easy to find.	
Dec 24 2006 	A relatively pleasant experience	I was booked into this hotel in association with a conference I was attending at a nearby college. I had read the reviews and did not come with high expectations. However, my room, with two single beds, was quite spacious and comfortable. It is not plush, but worked fine for the three nights I spent there. I found the location good and walked from there into central London via Baker Street.My room came with the English breakfast, which was quite good. Lots of different items on the buffet and coffee was brought quickly. On one day, we did have to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, but this appeared to reflect some unusual arrangement of tables from some event the night before.The wireless rates were higher than I wanted to pay, but the hotel had a business office with a number of computers that you could use, paying 1 pound for 15 minutes. Since all I wanted to do was check email, I decided this was the way to go rather than paying the much higher in-room rates.All in all a relatively pleasant stay.	
Dec 6 2006 	Suprisingly Good	I booked this hotel direct for one night as I was attending a conference. Further to other reviews I was not expecting much but learned enough from them to ask for a 'nice clean bathroom' and a view.This is exactly what I got. A lovely view of the cricket ground. The room was spacious and spotlessley clean. I also had a very comfortable arm chair and footstool which made a change to watching TV in bed. I even had a robe which was nice for a standard room.I dined on my own in my room and the room service was prompt and tasty.The staff are very efficient but they could smile a bit more. I doubt I would stay here for pleasure but as a business venue it is top rate.All in all a very pleasant one nights stay.	
Nov 30 2006 	OK hotel	Got a cheap room rate from hotel-assist.com at short notice.The Hotel is actually in a suprisingly good location and I walked to Marylebone and Baker street in under 15 minutes. The view across Regents Park was fantastic.Rooms are no different to say Holiday Inn and are very comfortable and clean but a little small. Car parking was a pre requisite and was no problem with a lower rate than most central London hotelsThe nearby St Johns High Street had some good bars and restaurants.Overall a good stay and I would return	
Nov 28 2006 	A slice of Hungary in the middle of London	This is a business hotel in a location I would not have chosen, but my husband was attending a conference in the hotel. The Danubius is part of a Hungarian chain and the staff at the front desk is typically eastern European, brisk but lacking warmth. Our room was on a non-smoking floor, which curiously smelled like cigarette smoke in the corridor. Our room was pretty quiet and a good size with a decent bed, but what was supposed to be the 'comfortable' chair was stiff and outdated, and it was so stained we wouldn't sit in it. The bathroom was average. We had a drink in the bar one night and our waitress had never head of Tio Pepe sherry, though it was on the menu. It arrived warm in a whisky glass. Don't expect any nibbles. The buffet breakfast was very good, and the breakfast staff first rate, friendly and efficient. Though they were extremely busy every morning, coffee and tea were always brought to our table right away. The hotel is right next to Regents Park and the Central Mosque. The nearest tube stops are Baker Street or St. John's Wood, and both are about a 1/2 mile walk. Bus stops to Oxford Street and Piccadilly are close by, however, and you're walking distance to the delightful Marylebone High Street and the Sherlock Holmes Museum. Around the corner from the hotel are two excellent espresso bars.	
Nov 21 2006 	don't expect too much	The downsides of this hotel are: pay per hour/day wi-fi very slow, unprofessional drab staff, hotel decor very tired and obviously lacking from investment to bring it up to date, drab lighting and depressing atmosphere throughout, especially in the bar, lack of good restaurants, location not quite central, room decor and comfort average, bathrooms and showers in particular, very poor , a fixed head and dribble - not quite good enough for business travellers and not very interesting for tourists either. On the plus side, it's just a bus ride away from main tourist attractions and shops. Bus 82 outside takes you straight down to Oxford STreet, Picadilly and near Knighstbridge/Harrods. Regents Park, Mosque and Lords Cricket Ground (some rooms have views over the ground) just nearby. The rooms are clean, the beds are new and large. Parking is available underground at £18 per day. The hotel is on the 757 bus route to Luton Airport. I work in London and we got ok rates on Hotwire and might stay again because the location is convenient for us but it's not great and you can't help feeling it should be a lot better, there are certainly better choices in London than this depressing hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	Fantastic View	Have just returned from a two night stay seeing relatives in the big smoke. The views from our 11th floor Room were awesome. Overlooked Lords where you could see most of the pitch. (sorry but this to me was out of this world). This room must go for a fortune when there is a Test on. Room was of a decent size, very clean and for us very cosy. We booked with Continental breakfast which suited us really well. To be honest i loved it.............again the staff were brilliant and more importantly the coffee was excellent.!!!!!!!!!!!!!The walk from St Johns Wood Tube is hardly any distance at all. In fact we walked from the Hotel into Town via Regents Park which at this time of year was brilliant.All in all a nice place to stay. We are already planning to come back.	
Nov 7 2006 	Lacks attention to detail	Good reception - willing and helpful staff but some little niggles with room service. First of all they got the order wrong on my first night and when I pointed it out to the waiter who brought it to my room he said (in very broken English) I'd need to contact reception to let them know.Breakfast toast arrived without butter.On the second day I ordered a pot of tea and cakes - the tea was not even lukewarm!Went to the bar on the second night to get some wine - glasses were tatty - not dirty but scuffed from the dishwasher. However, good food, well priced and the people are very keen to help - willing and friendly.	
Nov 6 2006 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Danubius for 1 night in November 2006. Had a twin room on a no smoking floor. Excellent views from the room.The room was standard size and comfortable. The beds were comfortable and clean.The service received at reception was quick and efficient.We had continental breakfast which was nice and fresh.The hotel is in a very smart residential district, and a five minute walk from St Johns Wood Tube Station.We have no complaints about any aspect of our stay at this hotel. Its not The Ritz but it is clean and comfortable and we would stay there again.	
Sep 14 2006 	Wow - What a great Hotel	Booked this hotel as a gift for my wifes birthday.Was extremely worried after reading all the reviews and was even thinking of cancelling it - I am so GLAD i didn't.Apon arrival we were greated by a very friendly door man who then instructed one of the porters to carry our luggage in. The girls on reception could have not been more kinder and attentive to our needs.I was allocated a smoking room - but being asthmatic needed to change which they did straight away.. no problem at all.I told them that it was my wifes anniversary and I recieved an upgrade - no charge!!!! The room was a good size, with great views over Lords Cricket ground - it was very clean and tidy.The concierge organised my theatre tickets, taxis everything nothing was too much trouble for them.I have found this hotel and service a pleasure to be at and will definetly return again - do not believe all these other comments - go and see for yourself ... they obviously had a bad day!!!	
Sep 11 2006 	mouse in bar	firstly we were given a non smoking room when we asked for a smoking. then within a half hour of arriving at this hotel, we were having a drink in the bar and saw a mouse under a chair. when we told a member of staff, they just laughed and said it was a &quot;big problem&quot;. then their was a problem with the waterworks, so we had no cold water saturday night and the toilet wouldnt flush (lucky im not too fussy) but other than that everything was good, about a 15minute walk to st,johns wood tube station. staff were friendly room was fine. bus right outside hotel. 24 hour bar and room service was great although drinks were fairly expensive.	
Aug 26 2006 	far away from Metro	The hotel is about 15 min walk from St Johns Wood Metro. The heat was quite unbearable when we walked in mid-day July. Besides, it was not easy to get a taxi in this residential area - we waited for 20 min for one on a weekday at around 10:15am. The room and hotel is of 3 - 4 star standard. Air-con worked fine and quiet.We had some problems in the internet access in room and the calculation of internet charges was a bit awesome - GBP3 for 2 hours within 24 hours. But it turned out that we were charged more than we had used and we had to argue with the staff upon check-out.Most staff we talked to were from Eastern Europe. We really couldn't understand what the reception staff was talking about when we enquired about the internet access. Besides, we requested an additional single bed in a triple room upon check-in at noon. The bed was not there when we returned to the room at 10:30pm. Hence, we could not rest right away.We would not come back.	
Aug 20 2006 	Excellent Hotel!	We stayed in a standard double room at the Danubius Hotel for five nights in August and one additional night separately – after short trip to Edinburgh. So we have seen two standard double rooms. It was excellent stay!The rooms were very clean and good equipped. The room size is even bigger than should be in four stars hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was also good, especially for arrival from Stansted Airport – The &quot;National Express&quot; coach stops with distance of 20 m from Danubius.The Continental Breakfast was rich and tasty. We would definitely go back to this hotel again, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 7 2006 	Absolutely disgustingdirtyrudehorrible staff	As a valentines present for my girlfriend i decided to take her to london and see the lion king, as a treat i thought we would stay at a hotel close by, a nice one at that.the web site said that this hotel was very close to the main theatres. it was nearly 45 minutes on 2 different tubes, not to mention the 30 minutes it took to walk from the hotel to the station, and then from the station to the theatre.it cost £156 for the both of us to stay there one night, i have paid less than that in 5 star hotels in the maldives, so i expected some luxury. i was sadly mistaken.i am by no means a fussy person, alls i ask for is a nice, clean hotel room with friendly and attentive staff. What i got was absolutely disgusting. The carpets in the room were stained by tea, coffe, tobacco, and the bed had some distinctive stains which looked very similar to bodily fluids.It was a hot day and the windows were both broken, this coupled with the smelly room was just unbearable. We decided to go downstairs to the resturant. In all fairness the food was lovely and the main reception and resturant were absolutely lovely, very lavish and what you would expect for your money. The service however wasnt. We waited 45 minutes for 2 sandwiches, as i said befor im not very fussy but three quaters of an hour to make 2 bloody sandwichs is unbelievable when there was only one other persone in the whole place.The staff were so rude, the 2 people on reception could barely be bothered to even check us in. As soon as we arrived at the check in desk the two ladies were having a conversation and didnt even acknowledge us. we waited nearly 5 minutes before they would turn around, only to be greeted by a filthy look. we were made to feel very unwelcome, thats all i can say about the staff really. Just out and out rude.Back to the state of the room: it stunk of smoke, the carpet was filthy, the bed was uncomfortable and covered in stains. The decoration was outdated. The wallpaper was stained by tobacco.We decided the next day to visit London zoo, which is only supposed to be a 5 minute walk away, we thought that despite the sheer rudeness of the ladies on reception the previous day we would ask them for some help with directions. Again a big mistake, she acted like Kevin and Perry, a rude teenager. We felt guilty for dragging her away from her coffee and her chat. She obviously couldnt be bothered to help us, she handed us a map and pointed rougly to where it was. I was not happy to say the least.One saving grace was that the baggage guy was really cheerful, helpfull, smiling and shock of all shocks could speak more than pigeon english. A real credit to a disgusting cheap and nasty hotel, i really hope he gets a job somehwere else becuase they really dont deserve to have him working there.I knew before going to this hotel that it was owned by Hungarians, and was expecting hungarian people to work there. I am not a typical english man who expects everyone to speak english when he goes on holiday, but when i visit a hotel in england, in london i expect the staff to be able to have some kind of conversation with me, more than please and thank you, not that we ever heard that except from the baggage guy.I have looked through the reviews on this site for this hotel and i am truely shocked, maybe we just had the worst room in the hotel. I really hate looking at needlessly bad reviews on this site, but i can tell you with my hand on my heart that this is the worst hotel and the worst staff i have ever ever ever experienced in my whole life.The only thing i can recommend to you is to stay in a travel lodge or one of the other cheap hotels because at least they are clean and basic, and their staff will have some form of customer service skills.I genuinely hated the experience of staying here, i would recomend sleeping rough compared to staying here, again i cannot stress enough the importance of avoiding this awefull dingy smelly sickly hotel.	
Jul 31 2006	Danubius Hotel - Convenient location	We have just spent 3 nights at the Danubius having stayed there several times previously when it was under different management. (its changed hands loads of times in the past few years). The hotel has several plus points - it has car parking, is outside the congestion charging zone, rooms are OK and with air conditioning and there is a bus stop opposite the hotel with frequent buses in and out of the city to late in the night. There is a little convenience store next door that sells London transport passes. There is also a coffee shop which looked nice next door to the hotel and I noticed a few of the hotel guests eating in there..The car parking is a bit pricey at £18 for a 24 hour period and you need to be careful with timings as the 24 hour period runs from 12pm - 12pm and odd hour over that is £3 per hour. However we just parked the car and left it there so that offset the congestion charge of £8 a day to go into the city and it is only about 10 minutes by bus to Marble Arch.We can still remember the decor from when it was the Regents Park Hilton many years ago so it is getting a bit faded although not tatty but the rooms are clean and so are the public areas. If you like cricket it has great views over Lords if you are high enough up.The breakfasts are OK but there's not a great deal of choice and they have become quite watchful over who is only entitled to a continental breakfast and make a big issue over which end of the buffet counter you can use although I did sneak a slice of bacon and some scrambled egg on my plate I felt I was being watched. The staff in the breakfast room drove me to distraction- attentive service is one thing but they are over zealous and snatch your plate away the split second you put your knife and fork down and before you have even swallowed the last mouthful. If I had been there any longer I would have had to say something.On convenient location alone, if you have a car its worth staying there and we would stay there again.	
May 31 2006	High quality but some rough edges	The Danubis Hotel, just 10 minutes from St. John's Wood and close to Regent's Park used to be a Ramada Hotel but is now owned by the Hungarian hotel chain, Danubis. Once state owned the Danubis Hotels were privatised on the continent some time ago; but our stay at its first London accquisition could in part be better associated with old jokes about communist hospitality.The room was excellent (if small for the price compared with other London hotels I have stayed in); and kept very clean. Unfortunately a noisy heating/ air conditioning unit (reported but not, I think, fixed) did not make for a good night's sleep; and the central lifts are very noisy, so I would advise anyone considering staying here to ask for a room well away from them. Language problems with foreign, East European reception staff also prompted frustration; considering the outgoing MD of the chain prides himself on his knowledge of languages (including Mongolian) it was annoying not to be able to make myself understood. While my requests were trivial (room keys issued that did not work, for example, trying to access the fitness centre and not being given the correct information to do so), this could be worrying when it comes to more important matters.I would also have to say I found the in house restaurant very disappointing; while there it was clear some changes were afoot so perhaps food quality will improve. Suffice to say here, our one evening meal was very disappointing (I would recommend Richaux or Sofras in St. John's Wood as alternatives); and expensive (my suggested alternatives are also expensive, but at least the food there was good). If breakfast is not included in your room rate then go elsewhere: I think £15 per head for breakfast is outrageous, even for a four star hotel.The Danubis has all the trappings and potential of a very good hotel; I am not sure how long it has been in its current owner's hands, but I think it can only get better. Certainly every member of staff we encountered tried to be helpful (despite the aforementioned language difficulties) and this, I think, is the establishment's best asset.	
May 27 2006 	Profs tour	I met a buisness friend from Austria we had been to the Hotel when it was the Ramada Plaza she was adventurous and wanted the sights of the West End theatres I wanted Cricket.Under the very structure of the Hotel is a four track underground system, the staff actualy showed me the door at the bottom of the vehicle entrance ramp that leads directly to an old abandoned Station, the noise morning noon and night from thundering trains was rediculous.The Oriental Restaraunt in the basment was too highly priced and the food was cold.	
May 9 2006 	Can be a very nice place	I write hotel reviews for a living, and it is often the case that what is written about a hotel and how it actually is, are two different things. Now obviously when I visited this hotel they were aware of the fact that I would be writing about the quality of the hotel later so as you can imagine, they would bviously make that extra effort to give me a nice room.The room I recieved was a double room on the top floor of the hotel with beautiful views across the Lords Cricket Ground, I was very impressed. The room was a good size, with plenty of room to walk around. The bathroom was also a reasonable size but the flush on the toilet didn't work properly (a common fault with most hotels it seems.) I was happy with the room apart from the air conditioning was broken and i couldn't turn it down, so I had to roast with the windows open, joy. The dining area was beautiful, I was really impressed. However, the buffet breakfast was much to be disired. Now I've worked a Travelodge previously (it happens) so I know how the food is cooked and that a hotel at the Danubius' standard should be alot higher, but to be honest it was just as bad. The cooked food was overcooked and hard, and there wasn't all that much choice. Maybe I arrived late, but all the same, I paid just as much as the person who got there first in the queue. The cereals and juices were well presented and I had no problems with it.The Regents Park hotel is beautiful, the rooms are excellent if your lucky (I've read ppl have had bad experiences), and sometimes the service isn't all that polite I've found. Apart from that, I'd use visit this hotel again and hope for the same quality again.	
May 3 2006	Very good hotel	A very relaxing 4-star A class hotel. Rooms are spacious, clean, and nicely decorated. I stayed there for 5 nights. Excellent value for money. Customer sevice is good,. I especially liked food room service, I remember ordering the seafood mix platter and my partner ordered salmon. They were delicious, and come in a really big proportion. The hotel also has a very relaxing spacious office available for its guests to use anytime, and which includes internet. Internet costs 1 pound only (for 15 minutes) - which is excellent when you compare it to other hotels such as Holiday inn Express which charged me around 4-6 pounds for one-time half an hour!! Tube station is around 18 minutes away, just exit the hotel from its back entrance door (through the pub), and keep walking straight up ahead. You can cut the distance by taking the bus if u liked.	
May 2 2006	Great hotel	This was an excellent hotel for the money. We stayed there for 4 nights and were pleasantly surprised. There is a 24 hour kitchen and bar here which was great on our first night as we were getting over our jet lag. The rooms are a decent size for London and even have a mini fridge in them. There are only 5 channels on the tv but we didnt mind because we didnt come to London to watch tv. The nearest tube is St Johns Wood, about a 7 - 10 minute walk from the hotel. The beakfast at the hotel is your standard continental breakfast and is ok. There is a little cafe around the corner from the hotel but I wouldnt recommend it. We picked up stuff at the little market next to the cafe to eat on the run for something quick. The staff were friendly and helpful. The concierge could answer all our questions and give us great directions. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 7 2006	Good Hotel Good Location Good Price	I would recommend this hotel great location near St Johns Wood tube station and was a resonable price for a London HotelRoom was fine no problems there, all the usual thing you would expect.Staff were helpfull and friendly.Breakfast is pricey, So recommend a short walk to St Johns Wood and have breakfast there.Car Parking chages are a bit cheeky £15 day, Butr overall we had a great stay and would go back	
Jan 30 2006	Fantastic Stay	I stayed at this Hotel recently and i reckon its one my excellent stay's in London.Outstanding customer service as reception guys were very kind.We went to the hotel in the morning for early check-in,first the guy said we were too early to check-in,but when we explained ur situtuation they were kind to check-in us at that time.I really appreciate for the help they did for ur.I would recommend this hotel for all the tourists who visit london.All i can say fantasticcccccccccc.	
Jan 30 2006	Brilliant hotel - highly recommended!	We stayed in a standard double room at the Danubius hotel for two nights in January and loved every minute of it!The room was very clean and tidy, with a TV and en suite shower room. The staff were very friendly and available at any time at reception if you needed them.The location was also good, with St. John's Wood tube station just a short walk away.I would definately go back to this hotel again, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 12 2005	Stay away...	Dont get fooled by the price that you pay for your stay.I paid £59 and I could have got better service if I had stayed in a 2 star. This is yet another name change the hotel was one of Ramada hotels and now has been sold and the service has gone out of the window as well. I was really annoyed with the level of service, firstly the recption staff looks at you as if you are here to increase their work, secondly they gave me somking room when I had requested for a non-smoking ( My 10 year old is asthamatic), I was really furious at this as I had called mentioned it on my reservation and also called &amp; reconfirmed that the room we are getting was non-smoking.Further on the rooms cleanliness is revolting, there were blood stains on the bed sheet and on much calling did the porter come and change the sheet for us. I thought that this things happen once in a while and probably this would be the end of it. But neverthe less, the bathroom flush did not work and when it worked there was no hot water in our room. I am sure this sounds as a series of unlucky events and maybe this happens to 1 in 100, but what upset me the most is that the management was not at all forthcomming in apologizing or even admitting that there was a problem.My only recommendation is that if you want to enjoy your time in london,to show your children a good time and not go through such treatment where you feel that you are giving your hard earned money meaning to people who dont value your business... then stay away from this hotel.	
Nov 6 2005 	The Best Hotel to Stay	I stayed for a night this week and i rellay enjoyed my stay. Reception staff was very helpful and friendly. They have given outstanding serice to the guest dealing with the complaint on spot. It was a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 27 2005 	Change of name but problems remain!	Another change of name for what was once upon a time the prestigious Hilton Regents Park, and has been Jarvis, Ramada, etc, inbetween times. The staff have marginally improved - reception is a little less surly than it was. But other long-running problems with this curious hotel continue. For example, on my recent stay of 3 nights, they first put me in a standard room when I had booked an executive upgrade. After a lot of suspicious keyboarding, I was grudgingly transferred to the room I had booked. At which point they forgot my preference for a high floor and put me on the lower (noisier) levels. Then the TV woke my up at 5.30am - apparently the alarm stays activated if set by a previous guest. Phone calls to room service, reception, etc, are frequently unanswered, especially late in the evening, which is troubling from a security point of view. Restaurant forgot my breakfast coffee order and large crowds of excitable tourists thronging the breakfast room ruined any chance at peaceful eats. Concierges aggressively chase the car keys every time you park and walk in - not as one might think out of concern for drivers being able to park and move, but very obviously because they are afraid of not being able to make the charge. Bed linen is not changed even when obviously dirty. Some toilets don't work well, even in executive rooms. Rooms are too hot and it is very difficult to disengage the room heating, turning it to cold makes hot air come out. Only real pluses for this hotel are that it is outside Congestion Charging and has a (by bloated London standards) not too expensive car park (it used to be free - now they just want to make money from it) and it is quite near the excellent Jubilee line. Avoid the room service food which is quite suspect, the coffee is cheap-brand (the sort you get in Spar) and the orange juice at breakfast is from the cheapest concentrate they can find.	
Oct 3 2005	Great bargain for 59 pounds a nite!	For 59 pounds a nite in London over the weekend, It's GREAT! Althought the bathroom could do with some touching up. The hot and cold water have separate taps. It's abt 10-15 mins walk to Baker Street tube station. 24 hr convenience store right by the hotel.	
Sep 29 2005	Not recommended	One of the worst hotels I ever stayed.Small rooms, dirty and rude staff.I asked for a room at the high floor and I got a staircase case in front of me with a closet at the end. I could not walk around the bed without hitting my knee.I discovered a banana peel under the bed. The bathroom was in bad shape and dirty.I don't recommend.	
Aug 23 2005 	Had a good stay here!	After reading some the reviews I was afraid of where we were gonna end up. This hotel was booked for us by friends and we got a really good deal (£66/night including continental breakfast).We arrived at the hotel after 11.30pm on Saturday and everything seemed nice and in order. Check in was quick and we saw our room (7th floor) we were pleased. It was clean, spacious, great view. The bathroom was also clean, towels were soft and there was an ample supply of soaps and lotions. The bed had plenty of pillows, so no need to ask reception for any extra.The next morning we passed the cleaning staff and they asked us when we wanted our room to be cleaned, we said after 11 and that's what they did. All members of staff we passed always said a friendly &quot;good morning/afternoon/evening&quot;. The continental breakfast was quite limited, a types of bread, juices, cereal, fruit (no grapefruit unfortunately), but everything that was there was good. We didn't have any roon service, but the menu looked good and considering you're in London, quite reasonable in price. We left our luggage with the concierge on our last day. We also asked for some information for busses and we kindly received a good bus map. Had a drink in the bar, the orange juice was a bit overpriced to my liking though. All in all, we had a really pleasant stay at this hotel. It was clean and friendly. Perfectly addequate for a 3 star hotel.	
Aug 9 2005 	Nice views from high floors rooms modern staff unpleasant	This hotel does at least have a fair amount of parking, and although they charge for it, the location is pretty good for business people who prefer to drive into London. Avoid the hotel food, esp. cooked room service food, which is awful. Reception staff are the usual surly non-English London hotel regulars, one or two can do something without being cool or indifferent. The hotel is prone to over-charging or charging for services not provided, such as newspapers, room service stuff, etc, which sometimes does not arrive. However, high floor rooms are peaceful with stunning views over London and this is quite a good area to stay in for those who know London well, as it's near all main routes, has lots of good restaraunts within easy reach and is close to the fast and reliable Jubilee line. Prices are not too bad either for a London hotel and the beds are good.	
Jun 21 2005	Please try to avoid.		
Jun 12 2005	Not worth paying GBP 99 per night		
Apr 28 2005 	Better than many in this price range ...		
Apr 14 2005	Avoid at all costs		
Feb 18 2005	Very good		
Jan 31 2005	this is not the hotel if you want to avoid troubles that are likely to happen.		
Sep 15 2004 	Across from London's biggest Mosque 		
Jul 8 2004	Not user friendly		
May 29 2004	Awful		
Feb 6 2004	Possibly the best London Hotel I've stayed in...		
Oct 8 2009 	Colorato		
Aug 25 2009 	Gutes Business- und Touristenhotel		
May 6 2009 	totalmente recomendable		
Apr 13 2009 	ottimo anche per i bambini		
Mar 20 2009 	??????		
Dec 1 2008 	Muy a gusto		
Nov 26 2008	Me encanto		
Sep 27 2008 	??????OK		
May 9 2008 	Es un cuatro estrellas		
Apr 10 2007 	Muy buen hotel y muy bien comunicado Repetiremos!!!!		
