	ok hotel	Clean, comfortable. We chose the area for the O2 arena, although it is about 7 minutes walk from Waterloo. For sightseeing, it is a good area. Rooms very comfortable, although we were woken on Saturday morning at 08:40 by house cleaners to see if our room was ready to be cleaned! (it was a bit early)!. Check in/out fairly fast, although loads of people. Breakfast good. Major problems with elevators. Only 3 for the whole hotel. Luckily we were on the 3rd floor and did the staircase, otherwise you could be 1/2 hour waiting for lift. Staff very professional. As in many London hotels,didn't like the fact that you had to pay for internet access.	
Nov 23 2009 	great service average hotel	We stayed for 2 nights in a room which I think was described as a suite, containing a double bed, a sofa bed and a small kitchen area. We needed the sofa bed as we travelled with our young daughter. It was set up as a bed when we arrived and remained so throughout our stay, meaning that there was very little room to move about. If you only needed the 1 bed it would be a really good size room for London.The decor and furnishings were bland and the room was far too hot. The interal air con didn't work and when we complained about the heat after a poor nights sleep we were told it was regulated externally. They did turn it down but it was still too hot ( and I feel the cold) as was the entire hotel.Our room overlooked Waterloo station but you couldn't hear a thing. We were surprised to see rooms directly opposite the lifts, and doubt they would be quiet as there were frequent waits for the lifts.The sofa bed was very uncomfortable and the normal bed was not much better - both were extremely hard. The breakfast was very ordinary and crowded. We had an early dinner in the hotel one evening and found the food bland, lukewarm and over priced ( almost £70 for a kids meal, a bowl of pasta, a 2 course adult meal and 1 glass of wine) Room service was similarly lukewarm and of mediocre quality.The staff were superb - very friendly and attentive, especially to our daughter, which made a nice change. Its just a shame the hotel lets the staff down, when it is so often the other way around.The hotel does offer good value compared to other 4 star hotels in London but the heat and uncomfortable beds, combined with the poor food would mean that I would not stay again	
Nov 23 2009 	WOW what view!	On a recent business trip I was booked into the Park, arrived early and was greeted by the most welcoming staff possible.I was overwhelmed to be offered a free upgrade to a 'Penthouse Suite' which overlooked the London Eye and Westminister! Unrestricted views, with a walk around balcony.Sumptious living area with kitchenette and dining area. Two TV's, choice of pillows and decent toiletries.Well stocked bar, plenty of towels and spotless throughout!Breakfast and service at this accommodation is top rate. I enjoyed a peaceful evening and would go again!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Surprisingly good ......	I stayed one night at the Park Plaza on Thursday 19th November with my two sisters and would rate the hotel pretty highly. Excellent location if you are using Waterloo (it's not the most attractive area of London but easy to get to South Bank and over the bridge to Covent Garden etc) and we had a suite with a sitting room and sofa bed that one sister slept on and a double bed with a kichenette inbetween. Good space, nice decor and very quite. Unfortunately we were looking over Waterloo Station but I would imagine the view from the other side is pretty amazing. Lovely staff especially the very friendly Italian girl on Reception who was so, so charming! We didn't have breakfast but you are close to lots of cafe's near County Hall and on South Bank. Very, very good value for money.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great value for the maney	Perfect location for business or leisure. room and toilets were very clean and the decoration was very nice! The best hotel i've stayed in London.	
Nov 17 2009 	Close to everything...good with kids	Stayed there with spouse and two kids. Location was superb; within walking distance of Eye, Westminster, and Waterloo Station. Room was large and clean. Definitely would stay there again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Fine	Stayed here on Saturday night and all was fine, nothing spectaclar about the hotel. The room was clean and spacious, though the sofa bed had been put out and there was only the two of us and we had request one king bed. It wasn't a problem but the room may have had more impact if we had walked into a spacious living area instead of another bedroom.Bathroom was a good size, but a couple of things did let it down, a cracked tile on the floor and a rain forest shower head with blocked jets and I have to agree the glass door isn't the nicest of design features.Overall the hotel was fine, nothing to complain about but also nothing to write home about.	
Nov 14 2009 	The best value for money in London	I`ve stayed here many times, business and sometimes just for a weekend break, the location is fantastic, £8 will get you anywhere worth going in a London cab or the tube is 5 minutes walk. Big Ben view is nice to wake up to in the morning, Leceister Square is only 20 minutes leisurely walk and the London Eye is 10 minutes.Rooms are spacious, clean, staff are very friendly and the concierge and doorman can`t do enough for you.Breakfast is OK, the executive suite is a bit small and the food is no better than the main breakfast area but get down early for either and your safe enough.Only one moan is the lifts, on my last stay one was out of order and was still not fixed after 3 days when we had to leave. Since we were on the 13th floor we had to wait up to 20 minutes for one not completely full but every other time I`ve stayed no problem.Do yourself a favour if you want to spend your money on more important things than £1000 night rooms in the other central hotels and stay here.	
Nov 9 2009 	very sleek new hotel	Booked a double room 'studio' in this new hotel just round the back of Waterloo station - location cannot be beaten - minutes from the Thames and the main cultural attractions of the South Bank. Our room was on the 13th floor and looked over Waterloo station and beyond to Canary Wharf and the oxo tower. The glass lifts had an interesting view into the main open interior of the hotel. The suite was brand new and very sleek - neutral decor, with a large and comfy bed, big wardrobes and lots of storage space. There was a mini kitchen consisting of microwave, espresso machine, kettle, and crockery/cutlery. Only thing that let the kitchen down was the UHT milk sachets in the fridge.The other part of the suite was the living room with its panoramic views - nice modern furniture, and a widescreen tv. Really stylish. Only complaint was that we couldn't get the radio to work properly on the tv - only had radios 1 to 4. The ensuite bathroom had both a large bath and a big shower, with small packs of toiletries and bathrobes. The opaque glass door next to the toilet was a little unnerving - make sure you know your partner well before you book!Reasonable-ish price for the room beign in such a central part of London - £140 for bnb. The breakfast was served from 6.30 to 11 in the 'mezzanine' level - plenty of choice buffet style - including eggs made to order, usual choice of cereals, cooked breakfast, mini croissants were a little stale, but there were pancakes and lots of fresh fruit and continental ham and cheese. Staff very attentive, always coming round to check if you wanted more tea or coffee. Service at check in and out was efficient. The rate also included use of the sauna but we were only there for a night out so didn't take advantage.	
Nov 2 2009 	Outstanding Hotel!!!	The best hotel in the entire history of hotels!The food is beautiful, it's in a nice location, the staff are lovely, the rooms are top class and an AMAZING view when you go down in the lift!This is an OUTSTANDING hotel!I have stayed here twice and cannot WAIT to go back again!	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent hotel	stayed here for two nights on business - the first night I was kept awake by a dripping shower head all night, so complained when leaving in the morning. On my return in the evening, I had been upgraded to a suite, which was lovely.	
Nov 1 2009 	An amazing hotel right in the center of it all!	I have stayed in the hotel many times since it first opened and it still brings me back every time. The prices for the location, staff, and spacious rooms are worth it. I have been upgraded almost every time I have been there and even got to see the penthouse. If you are looking for a place to stay central to all the sights in London and worth the money-look no further!	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel only for one night with my husband. We had the superior double room. It was spacious and clean. Our room even had an ironing board with an iron in it!!!The breakfast was delicious and there was a variety. But make sure you go before 9 a.m. as you have to wait for a table( there was a long queue) I didn't like the view from our room- just brick walls and the top of the London eye( a tiny bit).I do recommend this hotel. Oh! I forgot. The gym was well equipped-there was even a sauna and a steam room.We enjoyed our stay here. I would definetly stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 30 2009 	excellent (	We stayed at the Park Plaza last night to take our 5 year old girls to Disney on Ice at the O2 arena (the Thames Clippers leave from next to the London Eye and go to the O2 Arena) and wanted a kid friendly hotel with a room/suite big enough for the 4 of us. We booked the Junior suite and were upgraded to a penthouse which was lovely. The hotel is clean, rooms are spacious and have a modern feel. Marc &amp; Gary the concierges who can be easily spotted in their bowler hats were really helpful, offering directions, good places to eat and sound local info, can't thank them enough! Easily accessible to lots of London sites and ideal for Waterloo station. My only 2 niggles were that the mini bar remained locked (despite a deposit!) and the bed was a bit hard (well for our taste). But really a very good hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Central Location	Stayed five nights over half-term with children and grandchildren. Great central location easy to walk to eye and aquarium and along south bank, over westminster bridge to Houses of Parliament etc. Helpful check in staff, nice rooms with mini kithen and sofabed in siting room. Views of eye and big ben. Adequate bar. Did not use restaurant or gym.Only downside were the open indoor balconies overlooking the central attrium. Looked and felt dangerous from the top and prevented us from sitting in he restaurant in case anything fell eleven floors onto us - very surprised that health and safety /buidling bylaws allowed this design.	
Oct 25 2009 	plush hotel a stones throw from London Eye and Southbank theatre	We stayed here for a night in January, were upgraded to gorgeous suite as there was a mix up with our booking, staff were friendly and helpful, room was very comfortable, clean and modern, super bathroom, lovely kitchenette with fridge. Breakfast was fantastic, all you could eat and really good quality. Don't normally go for such a hotel as was rather pricey but totally worth it for a short getaway in London for shopping and theatre!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Perfect location clean modern hotel great service	The hotel is located very close to Westminster and The London Eye. The touristic sightseeing bus stop is nearby, as well as Waterloo tube station.On arrival we were upgraded to the executive 12th floor for an extra payment (I think it was 45 pounds per day) that included breakfast and use of the VIP club. The view from this room was like a post card: Big Ben and The London Eye. The room was across the elevator, but we did not hear it, the soundproofing was good in the walls, but could be better in between the floors. We could hear a lady's hills upstairs every time she'd cross the laminated section of the room, but it was not a big problem for us.The rooms are quite large and feature modern decor, comfortable bed and a sofa bed (our son used it) and a little kitchenette (coffee and tea). One night we had dinner at the hotel restaurant. The duck was good, the risotto was over-salted, but after a complaint they made a fresh one that tasted quite good. The service at the restaurant was good. However the buffet dinner did not look too exciting.VIP club is a nice addition to the view and the breakfast. Anytime before 8 pm you can drop by for a cup of coffee or tea, have a bite of fruit or muffin. From 6 to 8 pm you can go for a pre-dinner drink and snack. You can have breakfast at the VIP club as well, but keep in mind, that the space is limited and tables quite small. On Sunday it was quite crowded (though, in the restaurant the line up was quite large as well).	
Oct 16 2009 	Different Hotel to a year ago	Stayed for 3 nights. Staff lovely . Hotels location is brilliant. Stayed a year ago and had to check out early as the air con wasn't working and we nearly roasted. This time around the hotel under new managment is efficient and convenient. Rooms really nice, food very good. Much better value for money than the overpriced,overrated, unfriendly Marriott at county hall	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel - Nice and New	Great location close to London Eye, House of Parliament etc. Waterloo and Westminster tube station close by.Hotel still has nice new feeling though I think its been open 12 months +. Rooms nicely decorated and shower was great. Staff friendly and efficient.Good hotel for both business or for me sight seeing with the kids.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent location and great value	London hotels can be really expensive and often poor value, or cheap and shoddy. Look out for deals at this hotel. We paid circa £130 per night plus a premium that gave us a suite overlooking London and access to the Executive lounge with balcony. Room only price very similar to the local Premier Lodge but a much better hotel.New build and modern hotel. Large comfortable well equipped room, excellent location just over the bridge from Westminster and parking at £10 per day just next door.Friendly and helpful staff in a busy hotel. Could do with some more lifts. Breakfast selection and quality was excellent.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good choice	Right behind London Waterloo station, the location is excellent, as long as you turn right out of the hotel. You are two minutes walk from the County Hall, Festival Hall area with lots of bars, cafes and just a short walk over Westminster Bridge to Houses of Parliament. Car Park next to the hotel as well.I've stayed here a couple times recently and enjoyed the experience of a large studio room. Nice simple modern furnishings, big TV, Nespresso machine in the room (YES!!), modern bathroom. Nothing fussy, sort of halfway between Malmaison and a modern Novotel. Good lighting and working area. Really friendly and helpful staff throughout the hotel - they seem to enjoy it which is always refreshing.Used room service that was quick and very tasty curry (CTM). The Breakfast choice is excellent, but beware that there can sometimes be a long wait for the elevator and then you can find you are queueing for a table for breakfast for 15-20 minutes.Would be my first choice next time in London.	
Oct 9 2009 	Park Plaza Hotels are the best	Stayed at a previous Park plaza so knew what to expect style wise and i wasnt disappointed. Being located near the London Eye &amp; the banks of the Thames we chose this hotel to escape the city madness and also a change of location but still close to the city attractions/nightlife. Located behind Waterloo station the hotel was easily accessed by the train st &amp; tube stations. We actually walked into the city for the planned evening we had, as luckily it was a nice sunny evening so we escaped the rush/madness you get travelling on the tube.Went to see a show on the saturday night so to eat before hand we found a nice local italian for our evening meal. Found the hotel had no offers on like my first vist to its sister hotel in July so we ate outside the hotel. The menu in the hotel was resonable ( i guess )for a hotel and i knew it would be nice but just fancied an italian and i had seen this place just across the road near the County Hall its self &amp; London Eye.The staff are very friendly in the hotel and helpfull which makes it a pleasant stay mixed with the nice style the hotel offers.We had a room with no view except of the roof of Waterloo station but it was not a problem ,we had a nice spacious room. Strange to walk directly into the bedroom from the front door and the living room was at the back but hey, we were given a nice room which included in the bathroom both a bath and seperate shower. We had a kitchenette which had everything you needed if you fancied a night in ( ideal if on a budget stay) I imagine not all rooms have this facility. All in all again a nice Park Plaza Hotel and relaxing break with a great buffet breakfast of hot &amp; cold offerings was had. Being built opposite is the newest addition to the chain on the roundabout, The Park Plaza Westminster Bridge looks huge from the outside. Maybe i will stay there once its opened.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very modern interior design clean and close to major attraction walking distance to Big Ben	We have a eight years old and a twelve years old. The suite is big enough for us, and with their special price, this was the best choice for family with teenager. The sofe can change into sofa bed at night. Also the staff was very nice to come and set up our bed, providing us with extra two pillows and down comforter. We really like the modern design of the building. It is hollow in the center all the way up to the roof. When riding the elevators, you can see each floor and the restaurant down below. The interior design of each suite is very nicely design. We especially like the bathroom, it is very spacious. The coffee machine and refrigerator is also very cleverly placed. The welcome kit for the children is very nice, my kids enjoyed spending the coupon at the bar.The breakfast is not included in the hotel room price, but we pay for the English breakfast and they do have pretty good food.Please take the time to go down to the basement bathroom, the sink inside is very cool!!!Overall, this is a very nice holel. Highly recommended. The pictures you see on the website is exactly what you get, the room is very nice.	
Oct 8 2009	Nice Location Quite Modern	I had this hotel for the start of a Trafalgar tour of Europe. I had previously stayed in the Mayfair section of London, which I liked. This hotel is in the Westminister area and I loved this area also. There was a train station within two blocks, which also had a large selection of places to eat and shop. The Jubilee Walk was within two blocks and was quite marvelous. I could see the London Eye from my 7th floor room. There are oodles of things to see within a few miles walk. The hotel was nicely modern and the staff very helpful. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice hotel close to major attractions	We choose the hotel because of the location and price. We found it to be a charming hotel near the attractions were were interested in seeing. The hotel was easy to get to from the airport. The staff was terrific. The buffet breakfast was good but over priced. Overall a very nice hotel. We would stay there again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Very nice hotel above expectations	Stayed for four days at the hotel, two adults and two children, and we were all very pleased. Nice, clean and big rooms, and the layout with a &quot;separate&quot; bedroom in addition to a small &quot;living room &quot; is very practical compared to most other hotels we've been visiting. The bathroom had both a big shower and a tube. We met a very service minded staff, from reception, to restaurant, to cleaning. Not the largest area for breakfast, but we were shown a table within few seconds every day. The hotel is situated 5 mins walk from Waterloo underground, and 2 mins from London Eye. Lots of taxis are passing by, and transport is not a problem. We will gladly stay at this hotel again,	
Oct 7 2009	comfortable stay	Stayed here on a Trafalgar tour in Sept for 2 nights on our way through Europe.Small room but comfortable and clean. Not a bad breakfast for Europe.Walking distance to alot of great places.	
Oct 6 2009	these guys are lifesavers	My wife and I stayed here in mid Sept '09, with our two young children. Simply put, the staff at this hotel were just terrific. On our way out of London after staying at the Park Plaza, we were checking in at Heathrow for our onward journey to the USA, when my wife noticed her passport was missing. I rang the Park Plaza front desk, and they immediately had someone from housekeeping go up and check our room. Housekeeping found the passport and some cash which we'd accidentally left behind in the hotel safe. There was no time for me to go back and fetch the passport as we would have missed our flight, so after some discussion, we decided that the only course of action was to have a cabbie bring it to the airport. The concierge and front desk were tremendous : they put the cash and document in a sealed envelope, then they got a cab and persuaded the driver to carry the package to us at the airport with cash on delivery , then called me up and gave me the license number and mobile number of the cabbie. Before doing all this they also took their time to verify that my wife's passport was being delivered to the rightful owner. I was just blown away by the initiative, honesty and urgency shown by these guys to fix a dumb mistake made by a guest, which really was not their problem to solve at all. We made the flight by a couple minutes thanks to them (and the cabbie, who made the trip in less than 45 mins!). Besides the excitement, the rest of our stay was very comfortable. We stayed in a studio which had a bedroom and a living room, with microwave, sink and coffee machine. it was pretty convenient with kids. The bathroom was modern and had a shower and a bathtub (great to dump the kids into), and was pretty spacious. Not the standard 10 sq ft drippy european bathroom. The living room had a sofa bed, and was glass fronted from floor to ceiling. We'd requested a high floor and they put us up on level-11. The view was pretty nice, and we got an eyeful of the fireworks at the Thames river festival which was a couple of blocks away. Sunrise was pretty spectacular from the room, a fringe benefit of jet lag :(. I was a bit concerned about the wait times at breakfast and at the lifts, going by previous reviews, but neither was a problem. Breakfast was great, and on the three days we were there, we did not have to wait longer than a couple of minutes, though the dining room was pretty busy. The hotel in general, including the dining area, was very clean, and the staff helped us out whenever needed. In terms of convenience to the sights, the hotel's located across the river from Westminster Bridge, and is a couple blocks from the London eye, and a block from waterloo station. Some nice restaurants in the vicinity : The Cut is a 15 min walk away, so is the south bank of the Thames. We could also walk to one of the river boat embarkation points to take a boat ride. All in all, a great place to stay, and to explore London from. And boy, the staff really did shine when it came to that little crisis with the passport!!	
Oct 4 2009 	Spectacular view modern clean and spacious	We stayed in a penthouse at the top floor with a spectacular view to both the London Eye and Big Ben. The hotel is located next to the Waterloo station, but still it is very quit inside because of the double windows. We were impressed by the size of the apartment. The sofa was not very good. The king size bed was nice. We got the double duvets changed to single duvets. The two bathrooms are nice, but we were missing a shower in the second one with the bath tube. Free internet access should be included.	
Sep 29 2009 	Worst service ever!!!!!!	We stayed at Park Plaza County Hall, London 4* hotel for one night 19/20 September - How disappointed we all were!!!!!!!I emailed the hotel before booking to enquire if theyhad twin rooms – I was told in the reply that they did, so I proceeded with the booking, the confirmation email said that the rooms would be ready by 1400 hours, which fitted in with our plans as we had an appointment booked for 1500 hours.On arrival at the hotel at 1350 hours, we were told that only one room was ready and we would have to come back at 1400 hours for the other rooms. At this point I double checked that we had twin rooms and I was told the hotel only had double rooms. (VERY DISAPPOINTED, as specifically asked prior to booking)We decided to drop all bags into that room and have a drink in the bar. We arrive in the room to find that the room was in fact not ready, it was still awaiting cleaning. We went back down to reception to advise the Receptionist, who apologised and changed the room.We went to the bar for a drink whilst waiting - £48 for 6 drinks!!By this time it was 1410 so we asked for the other two rooms, we were told that they were still not ready. We informed the Receptionist that we had to leave by 1445 in order to get to our appointment. She gave us two alternative rooms, one of which turned out to be a double bed room, we had to go back down to Reception and ask for our rooms to be changed. The Receptionist was quite rude, informing us that we had only booked a double rooms. I disagreed and said that I could provide the original email from the hotel informing me that you had twin rooms (WHICH WAS THE POINT OF BOOKING). She reluctantly changed our rooms yet again and told us that the sofa bed would be made up by 1700 for us to use in each of the rooms.After all the messing around it was 1445 before we were able to get to our rooms and therefore we could not make our appointment for 1500 and had to cancel, as this attraction is only open once a year we were very disappointed at having to miss out after a long time in the planning.On returning to the hotel at 2300 hours, two of our party got off on the 9th floor, and we noticed the smell of food microwaving – only to be informed by the party arriving 10 minutes later to our room on the 12th floor, that there was in fact the microwave was on fire and the alarms were sounding on their floor. The smell was very overpowering and they had to wait to return to their rooms.Then at 0545 the general alarm sounded all over the hotel for a short time and then stopped. Our party then decided that we should have an earlier breakfast than planned. On arrival in the breakfast area, everybody else must have had the same plan as there was a queue. The hot English Breakfast was in fact not hot – lukewarm if lucky but most of it was very cold and unappetising – and was left on the plate by our party and most of the other tables.We have stayed all over Europe over the last 10 years our party has been travelling as a group, this is the first time we have stayed in a ‘luxury’ 4* hotel (was supposed to be a celebration of 10 years) and the first time that we have stayed in the UK. We have never been so disappointed – was have has better service and better food in a 1 – 2 * hotels. Admittedly the rooms at the hotel were excellent and location was close to Waterloo Station but the service was appalling and the food was inedible.	
Sep 26 2009 	Amazing fantastic wonderful modern cool hotel!	Fantastic hotel, mins walk from Waterloo train station, London Eye and Westminster Bridge. Modern hotel with friendly staff, great rooms and lovely breakfast. Couldnt ask for more, very high standard of hotel. Would certainly go back and recommend to all.	
Sep 25 2009 	FANTASTIC LONDON HOTEL	Me and my sister stayed at this hotel for one night only when we took in a London show. It is probably the best Central London hotel I have stayed at. The staff are very friendly and polite and we got an upgrade to a suite for £45 between us which included use of the exec. lounge , free bar between 6pm and 8pm and breakfast which we thought was really good value. The hotel is really modern and clean. I would definately stay at this hotel again if I was visiting London in the future	
Sep 21 2009 	Thanks for the memories	i usually use this hotel for business so on this occasion travelling for pleasure I hoped my positive business experience would justify using this hotel for leisure. I was completely correct, the hotel is well situated, the service from the staff is excellent and overall this was an excellent experience. We had a studio room which was superb for our needs, the room was clean and tidy with all the extras required.THis hotel is to be highly recommended and it certainly is valuse for money	
Sep 18 2009 	Such an amazing stay!	Stayed for two nights in one of the penthouse suites - the views were amazing!! The whole hotel gets it just right - this is smart, contemporary done with style and sheer good taste. The location is superb - 3 minutes from either waterloo or embankment tube - but what views - we lay in bed overlooking Big Ben, the River Thames and the London Eye - all of London seemed to be before us!The staff team were really friendly and welcoming - they couldn't do enough for us - if you are staying in London, look no further than this great hotel.	
Sep 16 2009	Recommended staff	Living in Germany as a military officer, I am bestowed with many a dissapponitment being personal and professional. This time around, Park Plaza County Hall has provided me wrong with staff like Jason Davids. After thinking I had lost property of mine in a taxiin August,I had lost hope.I decide to call hotels that I had met up with colleagues and friends. I called Parl Plaza County Hall and spoke to Jason. I gave him so information to which heavy questioning, I found that my property was left at Park Plaza County Hall. I informed him that I would pick it up at 12pm but due to flight problems, I was unable to pick it up at the specific time. He recommended a taxi to drop the itens but after past experience I was not going to let it go down that road agian. He offered to drop it at the hotel I was based at no charge after he finished his shift,,,which he did. He left it with the concierge at the hotel. I called Park Plaza County Hall but he was off on the day I called to say thank you for everything he had done. He went above and beyond.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Hotel...Great Location!	I was quite impressed with this hotel during my recent 2-night stay. The room was very modern and clean. The separate sitting room with a huge window overlooking Waterloo Station was nice, except the couch cushion was kind of hard. Bedroom was comfortable, but the pillows were too soft (I prefer firm pillows).I couldn't ask for a better hotel location, especially with the reasonable rates. All the main attractions were within walking distance. Getting to the hotel from Heathrow was also relatively easy. I took the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station (16.5 GBP) and then caught a taxi from the train station to the hotel (17 GBP). It would have been a little cheaper to use the Tube from Paddington to Waterloo, but I was coming in at 11 pm and didn't want to deal with the Tube that late at night. If you decide to take a taxi all the way to/from Heathrow, it will be about 55-60 GBP.	
Sep 6 2009 	not that convenient to Waterloo	I booked this hotel at a AAA rate of 85 GBP for 2 nights. It is a very good location to the sights, but is not that convenient to Waterloo with luggage. We stayed pre cruise and dragged our bags around the block to avoid the steps, it was very exhausting. The train was also very crowded. This hotel itself was modern , close to the LONDON eYE and walkable to Buckingham Palace, Westminter and the Thames River Cruises. If you can get a good rate go for it.	
Sep 5 2009 	Nice location by London Eye Great Suites	Just getting around to reviewing this hotel, which had just opened on our visit. We got a great rate as it had just opened....just under $100 u.s. Loved the location by the London Eye and all the sites across the Thames. Was glad we split our time in two locations, however, so we could enjoy different parts of the city and this is a bit aways from &quot;Museum Mile&quot;, etc. The suite we had was really amazing for the price- all tripped out with automatic lighting, flat screen TV and beautiful, modern bath. Quite spacious with a separate sitting room with a beautiful full-length window overlooking the Thames. The included full English breakfast was fair to good, and we loved the modern look of the hotel. They were still working out a few kinks during our visit (elevators took forever!), which I'm sure they've worked out. Well worth it if you can capture a great rate.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good location nice view but illness all round	All of the reviews you'll read pretty much sum up our stay. The rate is attractive, family of 4 = £150+VAT is very favourable, location is great, the parking cheap £10 a day, the food as expected albeit pricey etc etc.BUT, we had one issue that we haven't really gotten over.On check in we were told that the hotel was &quot;fully booked. We ended up in some kind of mini suite; great room size and excellent view of the eye etc. An upgrade well received but a smell of sewage in the bathroom. My 6 year old vomited and no windows to air the room. Fixed by leaving room door open until we, basically, got used to it. We reported this each time we went back into the room and it was such that the problem was the toilet which finally gave up on us &lt;see photo&gt;. By then end, we were all gagging on room entry. Unable to move us we were given a £50 rebate on our bill and offered a free upgrade on our next stay, but one-by-one we all fell sick, so won't be taking the chance again...	
Aug 31 2009 	modern good location great value for exec package	Pros: Modern, comfortable hotel with nice touches such as an espresso machine.the executive package, i.e. access to the executive lounge is a great value, IMO. Not only are there snacks (muffins, coffee) during the day as well as wine with snacks in pm (olives, nut, pizza-like bread) but you can have a very leisurely breakfast there instead of the crowded dining room. Hardly anyone is there in the morning, the waiters set you up on cozy sofas, bring you your eggs and toast as well as espresso, etc.Cons: the rooms are a bit small for what is called a 4 people suite. Not super small but smaller than I expected. Will not repeat others' comments but the wait for the elevators in am is pretty long but the location is very nice	
Aug 25 2009 	Very good hotel spacious rooms and great location	We stayed in the park plaza for 2 nights having decided to take a break from our usual hotel of the hilton tower bridge (great hotel) we were pleasantly surprised and remain undecided as to which is the better hotel.1. Great location, close to many major attractions, transport links are good and plenty of restaurants nearby2. Very clean - room was spotless3. Staff very friendly - all spoke english and went out of their way to greet us 4. Views - perhaps not ideal from all rooms ( we were on 11th floor and did not have an exciting view so if this is important to you could perhaps be a problem unless you are on the 13th floor? however this did not affect our stay)5. We stayed in an executive suite with a 4 year old - the room was very spacious and ideal for 3 people (the only issue we were unclear about was whether the standard rooms vary in size and whether you pay a premium for espresso machine etc - if so not perhaps worth the premium unless a coffee machine is essential to your stay!)6. The childrens pack was a nice gesture Overall very impressed.	
Aug 24 2009 	Dissaopinted	Generally staff were ok although there were no english staff and communication on occasion was difficult.we were on the 10th floor over looking waterloo train station [not a pleasant sight] the shower broke and had to be fixed by a maintenance guy , the breakfast at almost £17 pp is extortionate and very bad value. the web on booking promised a child friendly time but nothing was going on, the £10 &quot;hotel money &quot; for them to spend was £5 and other than the bar /resteraunt there was nothing of any interest for them to use it on so it was a waste of time handing them out. the suite that &quot;sleeps 4&quot; was a double bed and a very uncomfortable sofa. forget eating on site theres a great cafe just around the corner that has a great menu and is reasonably priced.whatever you do dont touch the mini bar £2-50 for the smallest ever toblerone is highway robbery.	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent tourist location	Modern hotel 5 minutes walk from Waterloo station. Not on the embankment like we expected (in County Hall) but never less an excellent hotel. Our room, on the 10th floor, had double aspect , floor to ceiling views of the Eye, Big Ben and Houses of Parliament and in the opposite direction the Nat West Tower, tips of Tower Bridge, Canary Wharf etc. Good size room, all facilities, (missing plug and only 1 coffee cup soon rectified) Bed not the most comfortable but adequate. Bathroom compact. Shower leaked but tiled floor so soon mopped up. Only 3 lifts so had the occassional wait. Breakfast was excellent. Plenty of choice and everything kept topped up. Comfortable bars and newspapers available. Staff were very friendly and helpful. If you can get a cheaper rate than advertised this hotel can't be beaten.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great hotel - with staff that really care	The city plaza is located just behind The County Hall Complex very near the old International Entrance to Waterloo Station, it’s a very easy walk from Waterloo tube. We got there and were very pleased to be upgraded to a suite “since it’s your first time with us”. The suite was delightful with a very comfortable bed and useful kitchenette including a microwave and fridge and a nice lounge.As others have said the location is excellent. We booked because we were going to the National Theatre in the South Bank Complex which is a very pleasant 10 minute stroll down the river side.All the staff we came across couldn’t have been more helpful and friendly and seemed to really care that we should want to come back again. Actually this was our second choice over our normal London pick the City Inn Westminster which is also excellent. On balance I would just give it to the City Plaza County Hall on location though in fairness it might be different if we had stay in the non-upgraded room.Quibbles? Yes the lifts were a bit slow during the peak times and charging £9for the internet in rooms is a bit steep these days.Overall, though, if you want a modern 4 star functional hotel in a good location you are not going to find many better in London especially at the price.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good location great rooms.	Stayed here a few times, apart from the lifts a really good central London hotel. It is always busy but the staff cope well. Food is surprisingly good, rooms are very well equipped and despite the recent bad publicity on the TV, my rooms have always been spotless.	
Aug 14 2009 	Nice Hotel and Perfect location to visit London.	I am just back from 4 days in London. I have chosen this hotel as it was close to many attractions. A small criticism, at our arrival, we were affacted the room 115 but that it was not ready, we have left our luggages and came back at around 13h50. At that time, we were told again that our room 115 was not ready and to wait an additional 30 minutes. At 14h20 , the room was still not ready (no linen ..), I told them that the fact that there were no linen was not an issue for us since we intend only to go to the room to see it , to deposit our luggages and then to go out to start our visit of London. They agreed to give us the keycard .... and when we arrived at our room, the room was ready with Linen and nobody in the corridor so I can imagine that the room was ready since a certain time. May be an Internal coordination problem. But except this, I was really satisfied and the staff was really pleasant. When I booked, I have asked for a quiet room and the room I was provided was really quiet. We enjoyed the English breakfast ;-). The hotel is well located, close to many attractions.	
Aug 9 2009 	Incedible Location	Stayed here five nights with two young children. Hotel is literally right around the corner from the London Eye, Aquarium, Parliament and Thames River. Was a little skeptical after reading some earlier reviews, but hotel seems to have responded well. Rooms were comfortable and of standard European size. Our rate included breakfast, which was well stocked; although arriving early is better than late. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We upgraded to a larger room upon arrival and had an incredible view of the river and London Eye. Tube station was very close, so travelling to other parts of London was a snap. Woudl definitely stay here again.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Location	We have just returned from a couple of nights at the Park Plaza. We arrived too early to check in so registered our details with reception. When we arrived at 2:15pm the queues for reception were horrendous so we went for a drink in the very over-priced hotel bar (£7+ for a pint and half of lager!!). The room we were originally checked in to must have been taken and I waited for about 10-15mins while the receptionist looked for another room. We were eventually allocated another room which when we got to it had not been cleaned! We returned to reception and were upgraded to a suite straightaway. I did however find all the staff extremely helpful and friendly which seems to contradict other reviewers experiences. The room itself was really nice, modern and very clean. We had the full English breakfast which was also very nice. We went to breakfast at 08:30am on the first day and at 10:00am on the second day but did not have to queue on either occasion as seems to have been a problem in other reviews. We found the breakfast area to be clean and both times the tables had been cleaned throughly and re-laid ready. We did not find the lifts to be a problem either which seems to have been a niggle for a few reviewers.The location of the hotel is fantastic. Given the fact it's next to Waterloo station I expected to hear some noise but we never heard a thing. The london eye is literally within minutes walk and the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben are a 5mins walk across the Thames.Despite the initial glitch we experienced with getting a room I would return to this hotel as overall we hade a really good stay and the location is fantastic for the sights of London.	
Aug 8 2009 	Modern clean hotel in an excellent central location.	I stayed there with my 2 teenage children for 2 days in August. On arrival all the front desk staff were professional, however, they were all foreign and could have been slightly more friendlier/helpful. Had they asked if we needed any help with our stay or advice on where to locate outside amenities I would have felt much more relaxed as this was my first trip to London. The hotel is very modern and was of a clean standard. We didn't have the best of views but were told after our stay if we had wanted a view looking towards The London Eye etc they would have been happy to move us had one been available, they said the next time we stayed to ask in advance for the view of our choice which is good. Our room was a studio room which was very nice and quiet. It had an open room with a double bed, wardrobe and plenty of mirrors. There was a kitchen area next to it with a sink , fridge, mini bar, microwave, tea/coffee facilities, ironing board etc. Next to this was a living room area which doubled up as another bedroom (Settee was a sofa bed). There was a TV and internet access for a fee but was free down in the public areas of the hotel. Opposite the kitchen area was the bathroom which was very modern and nice. There was a bath and a separate shower. In the living area there is a temperature controller and air conditioning. My only problem with the room was that it was quite dark due to the location of being opposite another hotel being built blocking out the sun at the front of the hotel, which would have been rectified had I asked for a room looking out the back of the hotel.We had breakfast both days which had an extensive selection of choice, it was served up till 10.30am on weekdays and 11am at weekends. Breakfast was expensive at £13.50 but as children ate for free it was worth it.The hotel is in a great location. The London eye, Westminster Bridge, House of Parliament / Big Ben are just around a couple of corners. Also, a 24hr shop, cafes and restaurants. Waterloo overground station is just over from the hotel and the nearest underground (tube) station is Westminster which is at the end of Westminster Bridge. You can also catch a boat there for a boat trip down the Thames. Carrying on from the bridge Downing St is nearby and it is easy to make your way to Buckingham Palace from there. From the bridge makes a nice walk to Trafalgar Square etc with lots to see. We went to see the musical Wicked in Victoria which I would recommend. We caught the tube from Westminster to Victoria which was very easy to use and only took a couple of minutes. Children under 12 can use the tube for free. I would recommend visiting Soho/Chinatown where there are a range of alternative shops/bars/restaurants, however in Soho look out for pickpockets as there are random people on one side of the street signalling to their friends on the other side which tourists they think look like an easy target. Oxford St has a massive range of shops and there are information officers you can stop if you need help/directions etc. All in all London was a fantastic city with beautiful architecture and endless options of what do do and see, made all the better by the excellent location of the Park Plaza County Hall.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Just got back from a couple of days in London staying at this great hotel,top of my list the hotel was clean,staff were very friendly and the welcome pack for my little boy was a nice gesture which he loved.Breakfast was very good and the locality to Waterloo saved a fortune in taxi fares. Would definately recommend and we will be going back.	
Aug 7 2009 	Good price  location and a free upgrade but a few small problems	We stayed at the Park Plaza for six nights in July 2009. On arrival we found we had been upgraded to a junior suite which was an excellent surprise. The suite was really two rooms, a bedroom ( nearest the entry door, oddly enough ) and a living room. The suite was outfitted and decorated in a subdued hi-tech design with two flat screen TVs, a microwave, iron, kettle etc, all in stainless steel. We had a view over County Hall to the London Eye ( the top of it anyway ) and for the hotel location ,next to a main road and Waterloo Station, the room was very quiet.The problems? None of the front desk staff seemed to be native English speakers and several wore &quot;Trainee&quot; badges so it was hard to get checked in quickly. Our room wasn't cleaned one day by the time we returned at 4m and on our way out at 6pm we reminded the front desk people of this , however it still had not been done when we got back at 11pm that night. An email asking the location of the nearest tube and mainline rail stations wasn't answered either ( for the record the nearest tube is Westminster ,although this means a walk over Westminster Bridge, and Waterloo mainline is next door ) but for what we paid and the location, these are minor quibles. We didn't take the breakfast option due to the cost and the reported long queues ( even the hotel advised that there were long queues on weekends ) but with a microwave and kettle in your room plus daily supplies of decaf and normal coffee and tea from the hotel, all you need to do is buy a box of cereal bars from any Sainsburys, Tesco or Marks &amp; Spencer mini store or some croissants and you have your own in - room breakfast service for next to nothing.	
Aug 2 2009 	Lovely hotel but has a few 'niggles'	My husband and I stayed at this hotel as we were doing a wine tour nearby. It is very centrally located and our room (on 12th floor) had absolutely superb views of Big Ben and the London Eye. The room was very light (two floor to ceiling windows) and was also very clean and modern. The bathroom was quite small but very clean. There were however a few 'niggles'. The lift system (there are three lifts) all seem to have a mind of their own and do not work together so you find yourself waiting ages for a lift (average of 15 minutes each time) and when they did arrive, they were often full! Breakfast was also a let-down. The floors and tables were filthy - food had been dropped all over the place and the tables were obviously not wiped down when one sitting left and another arrived; it was also very packed so you had to wait for a table (there were signs advising people to avoid peak times which we did but still had to queue). The food was not good at all- watery, undercooked bacon and sausage and lack of alternatives.The staff on the reception desk were not very friendly and also spoke too quickly (most were foreign) so it was difficult to catch what they were saying.The fan in our bathroom was very noisy and could not be turned off which was irritating and kept us awake.The rooms are soundproofed so apart from the problematic fan, the room would have been very quiet which in London is unusual as you generally expect to hear traffic noise, sirens etc.I would however recommend this hotel - good value for money and overall it was a good experience - there are just a few things that require attention to make it a better, more pleasurable experience.	
Aug 1 2009 	Not Hygienic	I have stayed at the Park Plaze Hotel on business on a number of occasions. When I stay I usually stay for the whole week. On just about every day that I have stayed there I have had to raise issues with the work carried out by the cleaning staff in the room. From the minor point of view, I have not had items replaces such as towels, but on a more serious note I have found the rooms to be very dusty; most of the rooms contain a kitchenette which has cups, cerial bowls, etc out for you to use. The surface these items are kept on are full of dust, the area above the top of the bed often has dust and I am convinced that the cups and bowls are not washed properly, because I have found them to still be dirty after they have been used. For example several times I have found cereal stuck to the bowl. I also suspect but can not be sure that the staff just run them under a tap and wipe them with a cloth instead of putting them through a dishwasher or washing them at a temperture which will clean them properly.The hotel itself is in an excellent location, with a cool and modern design, however it is let down seriously by its room cleaning services.Also, make sure you allow extra time for the lift queues (lines). As an alternative to using the expensive/bad value restaurant, if you walk out of the hotel entrance, turn left, walk under the railway arch, there are several good restuarants a few metres along. Also, if you head towards Westminster bridge there is a good Japenese style Ramen/Noodle bar.Recently the BBC have published a report about the hotel cleaning, which you can read here:http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/low/programmes/newsnight/8171324.stmTry Novotel as an alternative.	
Aug 1 2009 	Bingo	Finally there is an affordable centrally located place to go in outrageously expensive London. At least this was the case for our booking at Easter this year. We stayed five nights and were overall satisfied with the hotel amenities except the chaotic breakfast staging which unfortunately didn't improve over the time. Guests had to queue up for a long time before being given a table in one of the randomly allocated annex rooms or in the overcrowded central dining area. Apart from this inconvenience we were happy to enjoy a fancy room with a lush bathroom in a overall markedly modern and proper building featuring some spots and furniture of contemporary design.Its proximity to Waterloo Sation and the Houses of Parliament make it an excellent pivot for visiting central London by foot. In fact this rather business people oriented hotel suits much better tourists.Staff is differently friendly, don't expect too much especially when the hotel is fully booked.The SPA section is an appreciated feature given all facilities are properly working - this was not the case for the steam room.	
Jul 31 2009 	Park Plaza hotels should be avoided	I thought it was just me who had a bad experience at the Park Plaza. But then I saw a report on BBC Newsnight last night which pointed out that their cleaning staff are from an outside agency that do not pay their staff the minimum wage. The BBC also did a test of some of the rooms and found them to be unhygienic - almost dangerously so. So if you want to stay a hotel which exploits its staff and has filthy, disgusing rooms then the Park Plaza chain should be No1 on your list. Anyone else should avoid at all costs.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Location great for teenagers	Just spent 3 nights with 2 teenagers in tow. Ideal hotel for families if you go for a studio room, as you get your own space. Reservation was fast and efficient unfortunately the receptionist english wasn't that clear and spoke very quickly. Rooms were extremely clean and as good as described on the website. Didn't have breakfast as there are plenty of places 2 minutes away and alot cheaper. Great location for visiting london and further afield. Would recommend this hotel to all family and friends.	
Jul 28 2009 	Sublime view and service	At first we had our doubts about the hotel, as our car did not arrive at Gatwick as booked, this was soon forgotten with a room upgrade. It is hard to find a decent hotel for children in London.The breakfast was great, the view sublime, the service very personal for a large property.We will be back and recommend it.Excellent family friendly location.Lifts a bit of a problem.	
Jul 22 2009 	Watch out for the small print	It was a good hotel overall, with a fantastic location at a reasonable price. Just be aware of a little problem we had - see following that was sent to Park Plaza. kThe mini VIP offer for free children's movies made no mention on the internet that the movies were restricted to a few £1 movies. I certainly did not see any restrictions and my understanding is that this is illegal to introduce additional terms once an offer has been accepted. I complained to the front desk who basically said those are the rules; and then to a supervisor who argued for 10 minutes that the offer only applied to certain movies but could not produce any customer literature that said that. She finally realised that I was not going to go away and grudgingly agreed to a free movie from the £4.95 children's movies. On checking out the following morning, we had been charged for the movie and I spoke to the same supervisor who agreed to remove the charge. You should realise that if this incident had not happened, I could have given the hotel a good rating on Trip Advisor. If you are going to a make an offer like this, make it simple and straightforward, not designed to trap guests into paying for movies.	
Jul 22 2009 	A Great Hotel	Stayed only for one night. Hotel was booked for me by Head Office.A very warm friendly greeting from the Receptionist started off a great stay. The Receptionist insisted on telling me about the Health Centre (I really didn't want to know), the restaurant and breakfast times etc. I walk with a limp and she wanted to know if I required any assistance.One of three lifts took me to my 8th floor room. My room did not have an outside view but a window looked onto the centre well - if I was staying a while I would ensure that I had a room with an outside view.The room was very large with two twin beds, desk, only one easy chair, and more wardrobe, cupboard and drawer space than I could possibly ever use in a month. The room was spotlessly clean as was the bedding. There was a choice of pillows.I was asked if I wanted a walk-in shower or a bath and I chose the walk-in shower. The bathroom was spotlessly clean and this particular room was equipped for a disabled person with an extra low washbasin, a folding adjustable shower seat and handrails. No face cloths were supplied - I don't know if they could have supplied them.The room contained a minibar, a separate fridge, and a microwave oven. Tea and coffee were supplied. There were plates and cutlery available for your own bring-in meals. There was a multi-lingual TV. I ate with my colleagues in the restaurant in the evening. A good choice of food and wine, pleasantly and efficiently served and quite reasonably priced. I wanted a strange mixture of vegetables only and this order was taken without any fuss at all. There are also bar snacks available in the first floor bar.I had a very comfortable nights sleep, woken by the automatic alarm set up on the TV.I think I may have heard a door slam in the distance once, but the room was totally soundproof.Breakfast (at 0730) was busy but not overcrowded. I hadn't sat down before being offered tea or coffee! The food was all that could be required - a large hot and a cold buffet. You do have to make your own toast. The fried eggs were freshly cooked (almost to order) - the sign of a good hotel breakfast in my book. Staff constantly offering tea and coffee fill ups. Staff were bright and friendly.The hotel is 100% no smoking but there are tables and chairs outside for those who fill the need - although the road outside is very busy and noisy.My colleagues and I will be encouraging the Office to book us in here again!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location	Have now stayed at this hotel several times, great location and the rooms are very modern with all the usual amenities, air con flat screen tv's etc. We have met two managers Jason and I think Steven who are very friendly and Professional and are a credit to this hotel. Infact the last time we stayed here we were upgraded to a juinor suite. That said though, beware of the Optional upgrade to the Executive suite. where for I think around £40.00 pounds you can have breakfast, tea and coffee all day and between 6 - 8 alcohol, it sounds great but the room is far to small, staff very slow in clearing tables, breakfast very Mediocre at best and if you do want to have a drink here in the evenings you will have a job to find a table to sit. That said though this is a great hotel with very good prices for this location.	
Jul 19 2009 	disgusting worst service filthy - dont subject your family to this hotel!	Arrived with family in suite, once in room, noticed neither tv would work and heating on full. Also pubic hair on pillow - lovelyWent out and asked for tvs to be fixed heating to be turned off and clean bedding.Gotback to find the smell in our room was an unbearable gone off egg smell coming from the air conditioning unit.Asked to change rooms,manager did not believe us until he sent someone up to smell, we changed rooms but had to carry all of our things ourselves with nohelp. To get up and down in the lift you need to be prepared to wait for at least 10 mins as each lift goes past full and too far to walk with children and luggage.Breakfast was unbelieviable, no one shows you to your seat so you just stumble in and find a dirty table. The breakfast items on display were non exisistant. At 10 am there were no children items left at all just a mess (no waffles, pancakes, chocolate spread or shakes) all the fruit and yoghurts were gone just dirty spoons and jars of jamsPeople were mumbling and complaining to each other. We did not get served with tea or toast so we gave up and walked out. On the way out I spotted an official looking gent with small oblong glasses, he said he was the deputy manager. I asked him to go and have a look at the breakfast area and to see what was being offered to the guests in this 4star hotel.We left the hotel and had to stand with other customers arguing and complaining to the receptionists and hotel manager. I was asked if everything was ok, I said absolutely not and with that the receptionist (who was more interested in telling me about her pregnancy and headaches) told the manager that &quot;here was someone else with a complaint&quot;. To our amazment he waved his arm down in our direction, in a total I cant be bothered with another complaint. We were dismissed !!!!We were going to take it forward and then thought, we certainly do not want to go back there again, so why bother.JUST BE WARNED IT IS TERRIBLE	
Jul 17 2009 	Modern Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights as part of our Trafalgar tour.We took the subway from Goodge Street to the Waterloo station. I have to say that at first this area was extremely confusing and getting from Waterloo station to the hotel was not the easiest thing to do with suitcases because there are stairs that you need to navigate, and it wasn't exactly clear where the hotel was from Waterloo station. It turned out to be approx. 2 or 3 blocks away. After a little bit of walking we did get more comfortable with the area, but I still feel that after 2 days it was a confusing area. There was a bus stop approx 1 block from the hotel that took us right to Shakespeare's Globe (we had Groundling tickets to see Romeo and Juliette and that was a truly incredible experience!), and it was approx 1 1/2 blocks away from the London Eye. Right near the London Eye there's a type of strip mall with several good eating options, including a Noodle restaurant (don't remember the exact name, but the noodles I had were yummy), a Subway, a sushi restaurant, and several others.The hotel itself is very modern. The desk staff was pleasant. The elevators were pretty quick and they had glass so that you could overlook the restaurant area as you rode up.The rooms are very modern and the beds were very comfortable. We had a handicap room (not sure why, because we didn't need it). I'm guessing that our room was probably a little larger than normal due to that fact. The bathroom had the smoky glass doors that you can semi-see through. The shower wasn't separate form the rest of the bathroom, so when you take a shower you can't help but get the entire bathroom soaking wet, but it dried quickly. There was also an extra small sink in the bathroom - not sure why you would need 2 sinks but what the heck. There was a small fridge in the room which was great for keeping my water bottles cool.One weird thing was that after sight-seeing, we came back to the room at approx. 3pm and the room hadn't been cleaned. A few minutes later there was a knock on the door with the maid asking if we wanted her to make up the room. I thought that was really late to be making up the room, and we declined, because at that point all we wanted to do was rest quietly for a while. I wonder if that's a London thing, to make up the rooms so late??The breakfast was a buffet and it was crowded, but we were able to get a seat right away. There was probably everything you could possibly want at the buffet, so I would definitely recommend their breakfast!Overall, it was a pleasant stay. I know this hotel was pretty expensive because I had looked into extending our stay prior to the beginning of our Trafalgar Tour, but I thought it was too expensive (if I recall, it was over $300 US ??). Although the location was good, I probably wouldn't stay here again unless we could great a much better rate than $300, because the other hotel we had stayed at in London was so incredible for the price we paid (Ridgemount Hotel).	
Jul 16 2009 	Excellent stay	Couldn't fault this hotel. Right next door to Waterloo Station, although absolutely no noise from trains or busy traffic outside. Bargain car parking right next door at £10 for 24 hours. We had a studio room for 3 people comprising bedroom area, kitchenette (brilliantly equipped with microwave, sink, fridge, plates, cutlery etc), large bathroom with big tub and separate double length shower with waterfall and conventional shower heads and sitting area with floor to ceiling windows. 2 TVs (one in sitting area and one in bedroom area). Everything spotlessly clean and our request for a change of feather pillow (due to allergy) was promptly met. Had an excellent meal in hotel restaurant as well as breakfast (which was slightly more chaotic but offered good choice and staff very helpful). Would definitely stay again and recommend.	
Jul 15 2009	Fantastic! Stylish great location large rooms... Very happy we stayed here!	This is a great hotel in a good location --- very close to the Waterloo station, so it made it easy to access the city. The rooms are a very generous size, which is a rare find in London. The room was clean, bright, stylish and well-equipped with a hair dryer, tea and coffee, fridge, microwave, and two flat screen TVs. The washroom was spacious and very tasteful, with a granite shower and bath with silver accents. The wi-fi in the rooms was a bonus! The rooms are soundproofed so no need to worry about interrupted sleep --- we were very close to the elevators but didn't hear a thing. Breakfast was good but depending on the time you arrive you may have to queue as the dining area is disproportionately small as compared to the capacity of the hotel. Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable. We were thoroughly impressed with our room --- after a busy day of sightseeing it was the perfect place to retire to!	
Jul 14 2009 	Will definitely stay in again if I go to London again	The hotel is located in a very convenience location which is very closed to the metro (around 5 mins walking distance) which has saved us a lot of time on traveling from one place to the others. The staff is very helpful and polite. And the room we stayed in was a suite and it was neatly clean.	
Jul 11 2009 	dreadful experience	Couldn't wait to get out of this hotel. Where to start...... capacity in breakfast room no where near the capacity of the hotel, so in short expect to que .... and when you do get in expect service to be slow (too few staff for numbers coming through). 14 floors to this hotel and finding the stairwell is not easy ... so pretty relient on lifts .... of which therere are three ....spent four nights in this hell hole and it took between 8 and 12 minutes every morning just to get in a lift which were then so full .... I would compare it to squeezing yourself into a tube at rush hour ... not pleasant at all. For some reason the half of the lift is glass, so if you suffer from vertigo this would be your nightmare situation. Moving on to the rooms, the nearest comparison I can make is - halls of residence - truely dreadful. Camp beds, really low and wooden bits at the end that you constantly catch your shines on, hard and smaller than an average single, bit like sleeping on a low level shelf. Half of the rooms do not have external windows - bad enough not having any natural light but what window you do have faces an internal walkway .... the window is quite big and other guests using the walkway to get to there rooms are constantly passing by ... so from the inside its a bit like being in a shop window... only option is to close your curtain ... completely surreal experience .... leaving you with sensory deprivation. I had to ask for my room to be cleaned on two separate occassions, no bins emptied, coffee etc not replenished, towels not changed, cups not washed, bathroom not cleaned. They did however make my bed. My room didn't have an hairdryer in it. A team of six of us stayed and used conference facilities on one day, for a new hotel the finish is really cheap ... for example in the bathroom we couldn't wash our hands because the tap was broken. Without exception my colleagues had a bad experience in this hotel.On the webb site it gives the impression that it is near the river and overlooking the London Eye. This is completely misleading, there is quite a lot of construction going on around and reception for your phones is poor.Other than that its fine!!!	
Jul 11 2009 	Excellent hotel for kids	We travelled with our 8 and 5 yo to london for a week. Original hotel (marriott county hall) was was over-priced so we walked into this one and got a great deal. The hotel looks brand new, has excellent service, clean new rooms, with fridge, microwave, flat screen tvs. Public computers and internet, free gym, and FREE laundry machines which worked out great with kids spilling on their clothes constantlyPerfect location to Waterloo station, major attractions in Southbank. Those with older kids could probably walk to most London attractions, but it was nice to travel long distances and come back to Waterloo and only short walk to hotel with little kids. There are a lot of restaurants and convenience stores to eat and shop at close by so you don't blow too much money eating in hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff	We just returned from a week's adventure in London. While there we stayed at the Park Plaza County Hall London. Since we were a group of 9, we required 4 rooms. What a great experience we had at this hotel! The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the concierge staff who graciously helped us with luggage, directions, and even made airport van arrangements at the last minute. The rooms were very clean, and roomy enough, though not large by American standards, and amazingly quiet considering we were just a block or so from a large hospital and sirens could be heard all day long. Inside the rooms you would have thought you were out in the country. The beds were comfortable, and there was a microwave and refrigerator in each room, so late night snacking or storing extra food or drinks was not a problem. Our package deal came with breakfast included, and I have to say the buffet each morning was wonderful. Everything from cereal to fresh fruit to scrambled eggs and bacon, plus various breads, rolls, croissants, etc. It was a convenient and pleasant way to start the day. Best of all was the hotel's location. We were well withing walking distance of several attractions, such as the London Eye, Westminster Abbey, the river cruises, and there were close Underground stations when we wanted to venture farther into the city. Really the only thing I can fault about this hotel was their elevator system. It was generally slow, and there were several guests I heard complaining about the elevator car going to the wrong floor when they pushed the button for their floor. We experienced this once, ending up at the penthouse floor when we had wanted to get off at the 4th floor. Other than this small inconvenience, there really is nothing I can think of that was a negative experience during our week's stay. I plan on recommending this hotel to friends, and we will definitely try to make this our destination hotel when we travel to London again.	
Jul 8 2009 	If your budget allows try room # 1227- Jr. Suite with view	I spent four nights at the Park Plaza in mid June 2009. I had booked a standard room with no view for 85 GBP/night. When I arrived at the hotel I was offered an upgrade to a corner Junior Suite for an additional amount which included breakfast in the executive lounge-2nd floor, drinks throughout the day and &quot;Happy Hour&quot; with beer and wine in the evening. Room #1227 was a corner suite with a spectacular view of The Eye and Big Ben from the bedroom. The suite had a master bedroom, living room, small kitchenette with expresso maker, tea kettle and microwave oven. The bathroom was very modern with a separate tub and rain forest shower. The room rate included a full English breakfast in the executive lounge. The upgrade was well worth the additional cost. The main breakfast room in the hotel is a madhouse during breakfast. The executive lounge was quiet and peaceful with excellent service from the youthful staff of the hotel. The hotel offers free internet, although it serves mainly as a babysitter for other guests' kids. The hotel also offers free use of washers and dryers to wash your clothes if you happen to be on the road for awhile as I was. The hotel is in a good location near the Southbank, The Eye and Waterloo Station. The staff tends to be young and somewhat inexperienced. What they lack in polish, they make up with a helpful attitude and a friendly smile. So do engage the staff in conversation and you will make some new friends quickly.In closing, I enjoyed my stay at the Park Plaza and would certainly return again. If your budget allows, at least opt for the breakfast in the executive lounge. Please be aware a sister hotel (Park Plaza Westminister-opening 2010) is being built across from the Park Plaza and you will hear some construction activity from your room starting around 8am. Most of the work is interior construction so noise is not a serious issue nor should it preclude you from staying at the Park Plaza. If you are looking for the best fish and chips in London (arguably), try Masters on Waterloo Rd. It's about a 20 minute walk from the hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	Lovely Hotel - If you are staying for a special occasion mention it!	My partner and I, both 26 stayed here for a birthday treat. I booked over the phone direct with the hotel and mentioned it was my partners birthday. I booked a Superior room with kitchenette &amp; breakfast including VAT price came to £126. A couple of days before my stay I enquired about an early check in. Staff were very helpful and advised that if an early check in wasn't possible the concierge would look after our luggage free of charge.We arrived at Waterloo at 12pm and the hotel was a 5 minute walk away. (Early) Check in was excellent, the only downfall was that the lady who served us spoke broken english and was quite hard to understand. We were given room 1225 on the 12th floor, not ideal if you are scared of heights as the lifts are made of glass and the room faces the huge drop down into the restaurant! Upon entering the room we suddenly realised we had been upgarded (the check in lady may have mentioned this, but can't be certain!). Our room was lovely, we had a main bedroom with large TV, an amazing bathroom with seperate shower/ bath, a living area with another TV and a kitchen area. We went downstairs for a drink in the bar, pint of beer was £4.25, but in London you expect these prices. The manager Luke came over and offered us a free shot of Vodka, as we toasted I said &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; he then went onto offer us a free glass of champagne with strawberries each! This was a lovely touch and I would recommend letting the staff know if you are celebrating. The breakfast is fantastic (served 6am - 11am)! They serve everything you could ever imagine from a full english to fruit, cereal, pastries, cheese.... the list is endless. This hotel was fantastic and since paying the same price to stay in a Holiday Inn at Covent Garden it was well worth the money! Plus was in an ideal location near the war museum and South Bank. I will be returning!	
Jul 6 2009 	Old Fashioned Service New Shiny Hotel	We stayed on Saturday 4th July 2009. We booked a standard room and at £136.50 including breakfast and were offered an upgrade to a studio for an extra £15. The rooms are large, well-equipped and the beds are by Hypnos and are exceptionally comfortable (very very firm).There was a bedroom with LCD tv, vanity and wardrobe. The bathroom had a marble topped soaker tub and a huge walk-in shower with sunflower rain style shower head. There is lots of marble. Outside the bathroom was a small kitchenette with a microwave, sink, minibar, cutlery and plates, mugs etc. A kettle and an expresso machine with those little foil packed expresso shots.The lounge had a huge sofa, two chairs and huge picture windows (floor-to-ceiling) plus a desk with a large LCD tv on it.Soundproofing and air-con were good.Breakfast was excellent. The hotel is one block behind the Marriott County Hall and is therefore in an exceptional location at a much lower room rate.The best point in this superb hotel is the staff. They were all highly motivated courteous and professional.We have stayed in many high end hotels and this hotel compares very favourably to them.	
Jul 6 2009 	We Loved it	The location is outstanding and the hotel is clean, modern and very comfortable. We were offered an upgrade to an Executive room. What a room! We had a corner room with a full on London Eye view. It doesn't get any better:) The staff was excellent, the room amazing, and the location outstanding. I looked down on the breakfast restaurant and was very very glad we were able to have breakfast in the Executive lounge. The upgrade was well worth the little extra they charged for it. Yes, the elevators are slow (very very slow) and it is annoying but not annoying enough to ruin a fabulous hotel. I do wish they would monitor the free internet as some children took it over and were playing games and watching u-tube. I reported the situation to the front desk and a manager was down straight away. We used this hotel as our base to watch the Wimbledon tennis matches. Waterloo station is less than a 10 minute walk away. We also enjoyed walking along the Thames river on the South Bank walkway. Staying at this hotel was an excellent choice.	
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent hotel - perfect location	I stayed in this hotel for only 1 day in June with my young family. We did not have much interaction with the hotel staff and services but I can tell you that the room was excellent in every respect. It was new, modern, stylish and comfortable. We could not find anything wrong with the room. We absolutely loved it. The location was perfect, just minutes walk from waterloo station and Westminster bridge, Big Ben, etc. The room is a bit pricy but I still recomend it to everyone.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	5 minutes walk from Waterloon Station, London Eye, County Hall, South Bank - what a great location. The check in girl was unbelieveably friendly and helpful. The room was of a high standard - bathroom a little on the small side but fully functional. Never ate in the hotel and breakfast looked pricey.Checkout was very busy but still performed in under 5 mins.Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	5-star suite 1-star breakfast	We stayed here for two nights in one of the 13th floor studio suites. The suite was perfect: comfortable bed, large living room with a fatastic panoramic view over the Houses of Parliament - Big Ben and the London Eye, sleek design bathroom and a fully equiped kitchenette (even including a Nespresso machine). Double glazing kept all outside noise out. Location was good: next to Waterloo Station, a short walk away from all South Bank attractions. The 5-star rooms clashed unfortunately with the below-average quality of the breakfast service, but that's about the only fault I could find.In short: forget about breakfast, ignore the slow elevators, and you have an excellent hotel in central London for as little as 105 pounds per night.	
Jun 1 2009 	Well it was better last year	We came back to this hotel after having stayed there in July 2008 and having really enjoyed it. When we tried to check in, the lady at the front desk was incredulous at the rate I had. You see, the guest relations manager had seen my prior posting here and said if i ever wanted to come back to contact him. Well I did and he gave me a decent rate. When the lady came back she had in tow her supervisor. Who asked me: &quot;Who and or where did you get these rates?&quot; I said a &quot;Francois gave them to me.&quot; Oh that would be me, he replied and went on to say that it was lucky for me that he was there on his day off to honor the rate, because God knows if he wasnt, it probably would not be honored. He then--rather than give me an upgrade or a breakfast voucher--instructed me to go kill time as our room was not ready; after an 8 hour transatlantic flight. Off we trudged to the restaurant, where the hostess was more concerned that we understood that we had to pay--she said it at least four times--than in welcoming us. The staff at the restaurant is mostly new. Other peevs: 1) Not once was a cab hailed for us; and 2) The toiletries were rationed: we were given one tiny bar of soap for three people. The only bright spots: a doorman and Luke (?) the concierge, the latter was extremely helpful for reservations and a drive we did to the cotswolds and the former recognized my daughter from last year and asked us how we were doing. Finally, would I recommend this hotel? Yes. It is less than a block from waterloo station, it is centrally located and has new rooms. We barely used the rooms as we were mostly out all the time.	
May 30 2009 	Excellent Stay	My wife and I chose this hotel because of its proximity to Waterloo Station - about a five minute walk- and because we had enjoyed our stay at the Park Plaza Victoria in December last year. As soon as we arrived we were impressed by the efficient and warm welcome. We were offered an upgrade to a Junior Suite with a London Eye view for a reduced rate, £45 per night extra. We weren't sure at first but eventally decided to take up the offer and we were very glad that we did.The Suite was very spacious and the view was fantastic. The room had everything you would expect at this level and was spotless and quiet. However, the best thing about the upgrade was the access to the Executive Lounge and terrace on the 2nd floor. This was where our breakfast was served (our original booking didn't include breakfast) and during the day was open to card holders for unlimited hot/cold drinks, muffins etc, and from six o'clock in the evening provided alcoholic drinks and snacks. Everything complementary. Needless to say we spent a fair amount of time here and wthout any excess or abuse we felt that we more than justified the price of the upgrade . If this offer is made available to you we would advise you to accept.Unfortunately because we spent so much time in the Executive Lounge we didn't make use of the hotel bar or restaurant but they looked fine and the prices seemed ok. The health centre offered a good range of treatments but I was unable to book a massage for the day I wanted. I was told that they would contact me to arrange another time but nobody got back to me.The only problem we encountered was on the evening of arrival when the first suite we were allocated had a bad smell - drains I think. I mentioned this straight away to concierge who helped us with our luggage and we were moved to another suite immediately.The hotel is well located. There are several restaurants nearby but the ones on the South Bank can be very busy with people queuing. Westminster and Jubilee bridges are five to ten minutes from the hotel which means that Westminster Abbey, The Houses of Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden, St James Park etc. are all within comfortable walking distance.	
May 21 2009 	Excellent choice!	I've been to London several times, and the general standard of hotels is appalling, so I decided to book my own hotel before going to London on a business trip.The hotel is located pretty much next to Waterloo Station, an ideal location. We had booked the hotel online, and upon arrival, we were offered an upgrade to an executive suite. This package also included access to the executive lounge, for a private breakfasts, coplimentary snacks and evening drinks.The room was large, with a sitting room with a desk and a kitchenette, and a spacious bedroom. The decor was modern, relatively minimalist, and the room had huge floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the London Eye. The room was very clean, the bathroom was large and spotless, with soft towels and bathrobes.The executive lounge offered a free selection of snacks, muffins, fruit etc, as well as drinks, including wine each night. We had breakfast in the lounge as well. The selection wasn't huge, but everything was fresh, apetizing and delicious!All in all, staying in the hotel was very enjoyable. The beds were slightly on the hard side, but it was no problem. The only negative experience was when the aircondition went haywire, so the room suddenly turned sweltering hot, and since it was on the eighth floor, you couldn't open the windows... We notified front desk, but it took them until the next day to fix it, so we didn't get much sleep that night...Except for that, the experience was great, and I would recommend it to anyone.	
May 9 2009 	Forget about breakfast ...	This is my hotel of choice in London - its location suits my purposes perfectly as its a stone's throw from St Thomas Hospital, Westminster and Horseguards.If you are lucky you will get a really nice room - if not then the rooms are still good - but small and you cannot turn the air con off. I stayed there during the &quot;big snow&quot; in February and the room was very cold indeed.However - its a nice hotel - with terrible food (as reported in a previous review) and friendly staff. The lifts need reprograming as they seem to have minds of their own - that don't best serve the customers - and the staff need reprograming on reception to cut out the cackle and just give you the key. I am seriously not interested in all the have a nice stay chit chat.Now we come to the problem - if you stay in an executive room (£40 extra) you get access to the executive lounge - with a decent breakfast - you even get a cup not a MUG. If you elect to stay &quot;normal&quot; then breakfast is a real bun-fight - last time I stayed there I managed to get a cup of tea and three pieces of toast - sat in the bar area. This is unacceptable and could mean that I will leave this hotel to find another. There are simply too many tourists for it to be a business hotel.Sad - but true.	
May 6 2009 	Really Dissapointed	After staying at the Park Plaza County Hall last year and having a wonderful experience, I was really looking forward to my repeat visit. Our check-in was relatively smooth, with few hitches. However, when we got to our room - a studio for three persons - we noticed that the room was different in shape to our previous stay, with the toilet adjacent to the bedroom. When I visited the reception, I was greeted by an extremely rude staff member, who told me that this room was exactly what I requested and there were no other types of rooms within this category. When I explained that we had stayed before, the lady looked on her system - rather reluctanly - and found that I had stayed before, but still refused to change our room to a more suitable one. The lady also spoke over me as I was mid-conversation, which was incredably rude and not what I would expect from a Rezidor group hotel. The whole experience was even more off putting, as I am a Silver Elite Goldpoints Member with the Rezidor Group - staying in several Rezidor group hotels a month - yet I was treated extremely rudely and in a condisending manner. On a more posative note, the room we had was nice, but not quite what we wanted or had asked for. A pleasant stay, let down by an extremely rude member of front desk staff - not what anyone would expect when paying a premium price for premium service. As a result of this experience, I will not be returning.	
May 4 2009 	Superb	Just returned from an outtanding stay at the Park Plaza County Hall. Fantastic location - Waterloo station and London Eye/South Bank 5 minutes walk and Covent Garden within walking distance over one of the bridges.Lovely staff. We stayed in a Junior Suite on the 12th floor. Separate bedroom and living room, with views of London Eye and Big Ben from the bedroom.	
Apr 27 2009 	The Best Plaza in London EVER....	Park Plaza County Hall London, Opened early 2008.I rang and booked this hotel as a surprise trip for my girlfriend who finished her masters and passed with flying colors.After i booked, I rang and explained the situation and they said they'd sort something out for us.On arrival i couldn't believe how close the hotel was to the London eye.When we checked in we were told we had to wait for the general manager....??Anyway he came down congratulated my girlfriend on her results and said they had a special room for us.He got in the lift with us and showed us to the door, We were on the top floor.At no extra cost they had put us into the Penthouse suite (which when i got home at further notice on there site the room was £800 per night, Yow)They had given us a bottle of Champagne, Chocolate covered strawberries, A bouquet or flowers and a hand signed congratulation card from the manager himself.The room well, it was a penthouse need i say any more, all open planned living with it's own top floor balcony that stretched round the hotel.The views were amazing over the thames and of the London eye.A huge bathroom with had a shower, bath, twin sinks and was really high standard.We Had loads of free amenities such as a fruit bowl, two big glass jars of nuts and a selection of fresh coffee.There was loads of cutlery in the draw enough for a family of 6, along with plates etc..The Staff were really efficient even though none seemed english the spoke english very well and were very friendly.Breakfast in the hotel was very good, a huge selection was available.They offer a lot of good bargains on there website http://www.parkplaza.com/countyhall_londonI have stayed here again and was treat with the same my up most respect and receive a warm welcome.Overall this being a 4 star hotel, expect nothing but 5 star treatment.	
Apr 27 2009 	Inept staff terrible infrastructure	Very disappointing stay. While the hotel presents all new and shiny from the outside, the problems start right at the front door, where there is rarely a doorman around. We had to struggle completely on our own with our bags through a tricky revolving door. The real problem is that the hotel is large, and the number of rooms and guests simply overwhelm the limited staff, public space and restaurants. The elevator situation is a disaster--plan on waiting five to ten minutes for the lift, assuming you can fight your way on to one (or don't get your hands snapped off by the vicious doors). The hotel has 13 floors, so the stairs are generally not an option. Breakfast is the other disaster. Though we stayed three days and ate at different times, it was also a total zoo. The line to get into the dining room snaked out the door into the lobby and took about 20 minutes to work its way through. The staff is just clueless--polite but utterly inept and ineffectual and unable to solve any kind of problem. And there were basic management issues--as in they run out of food for the number of guests they have. The bar is no better; we tried to get club sandwiches there one day at lunch, and the bar staff (who were far more interested in somekind of busy work behind the bar that absorbed their full attention) seemed utterly flummoxed by the concept--and clueless on how to set a place for lunch.This place needs new management and some infrastructure upgrades. Maybe they will work out the kinks, but for now, why should YOU pay that price (its not cheap after all).The rooms are OK, though small, and one thing they did get right is the soundproofing--a necessity since many of the rooms overlook the Waterloo Station train yards.	
Apr 24 2009 	Impressed	I stayed here with my wife and young daughter here over a long weekend recently, and couldn't fault it (barring a couple of minor niggles). The location is excellent, westminster is 5 mins walk. We asked for a river view (as it was out wedding anniversary) and got it (you can't actually see much of the river but you do get an impressive view of the London Eye, parliament etc.). The room are smart and very clean, and the sofa bed is great for kids. The only issues were the faint smell of drains in the bathrooms (as mentioned by others), and the air conditioning is only adequate. Apart from that were were very impressed, especially by the quality of service - the staff were very friendly and efficient. We'd definately stay here again, this is well worth considering, especially if you have children with you.	
Apr 24 2009 	Fantastic - great hotel!	Myself and my sister stayed at this hotel on the 5th July 2008... fantastic hotel 5 minutes walk from the London Eye and Aquarium.. When we arrived at the hotel we were quite early but they kindly let us check in to our room which luckily was ready for us! We had paid £120 for one night so in the centre of busy london we were quite happy with that... we however had booked for a twin room but were given a suite( not to be grumbled at)the suite/studio apartment was fabulous... bedroom and they made up the setee in the living area for me... Had its own kitchen facilities and the bathroom was amazing.... shower fit for two people and a bath too and various facilities which we were delighted with....Wished we could have stayed more than one night.... Great PlaceAlso had a meal in the restaurant which was quite nice actually! Go there and enjoy it... We did...!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice view of London eye	A nice property near the London eye, this place is pretty close to the Waterloo Station. Although not as spacious as Park Plaza Riverbank a few hundred yards away, this place is equally good in other aspects	
Apr 21 2009 	great service very stuffy bedrooms	I stayed here for the first time having had it recommended by my colleagues. The check in service was excellent, very friendly and welcoming. However my room was a real disappointment. As someone else has commented there is a funny smell of drains on the first floor and that increased when I went into the room. The air conditioning didn't work the first night although that was fixed very quickly for the 2nd night. THe room overlooked the bar area which meant it was quite noisy at night and as it faced into the atrium area there are no real windows. This makes it a very stuffy place. I'm sure there are good rooms here but I think you need to check what you are getting very closely. Personally despite the great service, I prefer the rooms in the Novotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Friendliest service ever - a clearly well-run hotel	Fabulous service from arrival to departure. Trendy rooms, funky bar, cool restaurant, good food, great gym and spotless facilities!	
Apr 17 2009 	Impeccable	I must admit, this is one of the most incredible stays I've had. As a seasoned traveller around Europe, this establishment had everything going for it - steps from Waterloo station at the heart of London, vibrant and electric ambiance, friendly and helpful service under the direction of their guest managers. The value for the affordable price for a hotel frequenter was great as well. As you can tell from the other reviews here, this place *is* the address of choice in London, and that I will not argue. Cheers and thanks to the wonderful staff at County Hall during my Valentine's day stay. - Tahir	
Apr 16 2009 	Stay here!	Lovely, smart, exceptionally clean, contemporary hotel, good location for Westminster sights, near to Waterloo Station. Execellent room, excellent breakfast, very helpful, friendly concierge. Stayed for a business trip, had one meal in restaurant, which was very good, but beware of the prices of drinks! Gym was small and no air conditioning, but you can't have everything!	
Apr 16 2009 	Ideal in every way	Superbly located hotel, just a two minute walk to the London Eye, ten minutes to Big Ben and fifteen minutes to Trafalgar Square. Lots of bus routes pass nearby, Waterloo underground is a five minute walk and all of the London bus Tours pass very close by.The family studio we had was great, we did not upgrade to the river view rooms, but we were never in the room during the day, and couldn't see the point. Contintental breakfast was included and having read previous reviews we were down by 7.30 - always seated straight away and the service was very good, choice was fine. For families with young children (ours are 10 &amp; 6) this is a fine choice for the capital.	
Apr 15 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	I stayed here with my partner a few days before Christmas in 2008.It's a great hotel - rooms are modern, clean and spacious, and come with a kitchenette.Location is great - literally a 3 minute walk to London Eye and everywhere is walkable of tourist interest.Breakfast is one of the best breakfasts I have had at a hotel. It's help yourself to a large cooked breakfast choice, cereal, pastries etc etc.The hotel is good value for money in a great location. The only complaint I had is the staff are mainly foreign so it can be hard to communicate but that didn't affect the fact that we had a really nice stay.	
Apr 11 2009 	nice hotel	very nice hotel, clean and spacious rooms, breakfast was lovely too, we used the restaurant not very good choice on the menu and very expensive, hotel really central for everything, having read previous reviews was a little apprehensive, but had no gripes at all, staff friendly but receptionist lost interest when we declined an upgrade at 49.00 per night,. stayed in a studio room which was very comfortable, if I go back to london would use this hotel again...	
Apr 6 2009	supberb	We have just returned from a trip to London with 2 sons aged 4 and 7. We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and had a fabulous time. The room was extremely comfortable with fridge and microwave in the kitchen area. The children were made very welcome and given a welcome bag with bubble bath a game and £5 in vouchers to spend at the hotel.The food was great with an excellent selection at breakfast and the staff were all very efficient and helpful.The location was perfect a simple walk across the road to the South Bank with a variety of places to eat and loads of street theatre to keep tjhe children entertained.We will definately return!	
Apr 6 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more!	This was the 2nd time my partner and I had stayed here, and this time we took some friends along with us too.On arrival, as I was a GoldPoints card holder (a loyalty card that you can get free from the Park Plaza website), we were given a free room upgrade to a junior suite. Amazingy, this had happened last time too, so we knew what to expect! The room was spotlessly clean, spacious and had bags of storage space. The view from the full-length window was amazing, overlooking the Gherkin and Canary Wharf. The kitchen area was great, we were able to make our own food using the sink, crockery, cutlery and microwave oven and the coffee machine was a great addition.The separate bedroom area was clean, spacious and comfortable (if a little on the dark side what with no natural light) and there was extra bedding too.The bathroom was clean, bright and I loved the steam-free mirrors! huge fluffy white towels, bath robes and slippers made me feel very cosy!The location too was spot-on, only a few minutes walk from some of the biggest landmarks in the city. The staff were friendly, helpful and professional as well as being only too happy to help.I'd definately stay here again!	
Apr 3 2009 	Above average but some problems	Organised a group booking here towards the end of March 2009. Check-in was efficient, professional and friendly. Some were upgraded to Executive Rooms which feature separate living / bedroom areas, 2 flat screen TVs etc and a bathtub in the bathroom. Standard rooms are smaller than average and have shower only in the bathroom. Bedrooms were generally found to feel clean and modern.Problems reported included sewage smells in the bathrooms. poor sound insulation in adjoining rooms which was bothersome. Odd bedroom layout in standard/studio rooms. Pretty disorganised approach to breakfast in the Spectrum restaurant mean long waits for tables at peak times and slow replenishment of breakfast items means guests are left with limited choices sometimes. Staff are friendly and well-meaning but the system needs improving.This hotel is good (great staff) but could be much, much better with a more focused and joined-up management approach.Would be inclined to recommend with reservation.	
Mar 25 2009 	Location Cleanliness.........Park Plaza County Hall is.................?	This is our second stay at the Park Plaza County Hall and both times were great, but there are some exceptions that the traveler MUST know about! Room 1327 Exec SuitePROS: Check in was made quick and easy with an upgrade to Exec Suite, thank goodness we were offered this as the room we had confirmed was city facing (more on that later). For only a few pounds more we upgraded which also allowed us an Exec Breakfast and use of the Exec Lounge with our room key. The Exec room is made up of a hallway with built in kitchen and with bathroom across. The kitchen was top class, clean and had ample supplies of coffee and tea stuffs with espresso maker, mini bar and mini fridge. The bathroom while small had a fantastic walk in shower and full size bathtub. Again everything was clean and presentation of body lotions, shampoos and soap was top notch! The first room, with fold out sofa bed was good sized and came with a writing table, flat screen TV and large built in wardrobe. There is a safe, slippers, hangers and iron/iron board. The sofa bed is HARD and not meant for an adult. The second room, the bedroom, is very nice with two walls made up entirely of glass!!! Bed is OK, not plush, not soft and not hard, kind of lumpy and short, about 6 feet and half long and 9 feet wide. Flat screen TV and night stands on each end. Again all clean and new looking. CONS: The toilets still make this whooshing noise when you flush, what is the deal with that? Later in the night the water smelled of backed-up sewage, and again it did early in the morning.........not bad, but noticeable......Park Plaza do you have a water overflow pressure problem? Had some towels that were not clean, they looked to have some motor grease on them? City view verse River View.......again thank goodness we had an upgrade to Exec Suite. If you have a city view the full size glass walls face the construction site of the new Park Plaza Westminster Hotel along with the construction workers! Again, two of our windows faced this direction and the third faced the river Thames; we drew the curtains facing the city the entire time. While the workers were friendly and gave us a wave, we decided not to entertain them in other ways :) In the future when this new hotel is done (2010) I would not want to stay in any city facing rooms!!!!! Warning to Parents: If you have little ones be aware that the furniture is sharp edged!!!! The end tables for the bed are so close and at head height (when laying down) that you could literary cut your head open at night!!!!Breakfast; In 2008 we did not take a breakfast option. We are glad we did not as every morning the line formed around the hotel and it was chaos. This time our breakfast was included into the Exec Suite price and our Breakfast location would be in the Exec Lounge. The lounge is small, the tables are small and so is the breakfast but not in a terrible way. You get all the fixings of a full English Breakfast, while some things were cold (eggs, mushrooms and tomatoes) everything else was ample and the coffee was good. The lounge is relaxing, no pressure or stress and the servers do their best. A lot better than going out to the chaos!!!!! Or you can go across the street to Starbucks! Room Service; After getting in late one evening after a show and with no dinner we decided on room service. The selections are limited after 11pm but still a nice variety of items. The Caeser salad with Salmon was fantastic as was the cheese plate and cold beers. Check-Out: Fast and easy. There are some problems with check out but that seems to be the group tours departing all at one time. If you leave around 11 am than there is no issue. The staff is very helpful and will store your bags at no charge after check out. Our last stay; While we love the location, the fantastic staff and comfortable rooms we don't think we could stay here again due to the new hotel across the street. This new hotel overshadows the County Hall and is typical of the English deficient city planning. Our options of a decent view is diminished and the extreme costs involved with Exec Suites or the Penthouse is $$$. We may look into the Westminster once it is complete or go further down river to the other Park Plaza.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good Hotel Great Location Fantastic Staff	Got a great rate though an internet agent, then got upgraded when we told reception that we were celebrating a special aniversary. The room was very trendy but also extremely comfortable and service throughout the hotel was first class.The only issue we had was the queue for breakfast on the Saturday morning, it's typical of a London hotel to not have enough capacity to feed a full house, we cured this by having room service on the Sunday morning. The room service breakfast was the best I've ever seen or tasted!You will not be disappointed with this great hotel.	
Mar 18 2009 	this was just a dream!!!	I don't understand all the negative comments on this hotel.Two friends and myself just came back from an excellent stay in the plaza county hotel.The reception staff were very friendly.The girl helped us with almost everything,all questions were answered and we could enter the room immediately(arrival time around 11.00AM).The room(a studio)was perfect.Large and very clean and with an amazing view.My friend appreaciate the expresso machine and I adored the cookies(all free of charges).We would recommend this hotel to our friends.May be a new manager was found if I read all those negative comments!!We will come back.	
Mar 18 2009 	holiday with the kids	this hotel was top notch we have stayed in the crowne plaza and put htis on are budget par you get what you pay for trawl the interweb on cost compare and prorata to the hilt this hotel par for par on location and service and cost come prity close to the top of the list you dont get a merc for ford moneyp.s. we are just about to book our next trip and will be stay at the plaza again	
Mar 18 2009 	good hotel i would return to	after reading such mixed reviews i was unsure to say the least about a stay here. you could'nt find a better location for its central base and closeness to sights and tube stations.staff were friendly and helpful at all times.if they could not answer a query they found a collogue who could. i did not have the breakfast because of the bad reviews, i had tappas in the bar which were just ok, we had a long wait but were in no hurry anyway. the staff with no prompting kept me informed as to why there was a delay and then gave me a discount without me even asking.rooms small but the space used very effectively. very clean and tidy. beds hard and not comfortable.very modern decor and style of hotel.dident find the wait for lifts any worse than &quot;waiting for a lift&quot;.no ques checking in or out.easy to get taxis waived down at the hotel door.i would have no problem staying here again.	
Mar 5 2009 	Good hotel for families	We got a very good deal on this hotel. Rooms are generally very nice. My parents also stayed at the hotel - they had an issue with the room being very very warm. Although staff tried to fix the problem a couple of times they were unable to. Breakfasts were ok but not great. Hotel was REALLY full when we stayed so we got to breakfast early to avoid the long queues. Location is quite good though and it was a fun place to stay for a couple of nights.One insteresting thing they did was try to upgrade us to a penthouse when we checked in...for a price of course. I have never had this happen before although it wasn't unpleasant just a bit strange!	
Mar 4 2009 	This is a terrible hotel - dont go whatever you do!!	We originally booked with Park Plaza on the river over half term with our 9 year old son. We arrived early ( approx 11.00am) to be told the room wasnt ready but if we left our bags our room would be ready later. We left and had a great day sightseeing in London.On return to the hotel we were met with a smarmy manager who came up with a strange story that the previous occupant of our room had been taken to hospital and they therefore couldnt get in the room to clean it!! this was an obvious lie ( which has since been admitted by the hotel) but they said they would put us up in their sister hotel - Parlk Plaza County Hall. When we eventually arrived at the 2nd hotel it was chaos.The check in was swamped and the surley staff couldnt find our revised booking! after a long wait we were eventually allocated a room on the 11th floor. Time to wait for the lift -and wait we did!! there are 3 elevators which are the slowest I have ever encountered and one was out of service.We had to wait over 10 minutes on average throughout the stay for a lift. We eventually got into the room but due to the delays we were late for ( and missed) our London Eye flight which we had pre booked. We eventually got to go on the London Eye ( nice man on the gate understood our problem). So back to the hotel, the room was ok, the furnishings however seem cheap and there was no coffee ( although there was a fancy coffee machine) and no mirror anywhere near a plug socket so drying hair etc is an impossibility! the room is divided into two by a partition but with a TV in each 'portion' of the room.You cant have noth tv's on at the same time nor can you watch TV with children asleep as you are effectively in the same room. The beds were of a very poor quality - especially the sofa bed.If you are older than 5 the bed will feel like a plank of wood!! the toiletries are also cheap and our bedding was stained. So after a poor nights sleep we went to breakfast to be met by a queue snaking around the hotel lobby. As we had been moved we had been given a voucher for the executive dining room so we headed for this. What an absolute disaster!! This hotel has the worst service for breakfast I have ever encountered.In the 'executive' lounge there are a limited number of tables, all others had to eat on settee's on their laps. The staff were bad tempered and the service was a disgrace.The food ran out, was cold and of poor quality - the fruit was off! there were no plates and we waited ages for tea/coffee. I t took over an hour and a half to have a very second rate breakfast. The floor of this dining room was dirty and covered in food ( mainly the eggs which were frankly disgusting!) .Whenh we returned to the hotel later in the day and went out for dinner, we asked the concierge for recommendations for a restaraunt and were given a print out of a map with no explanation of somewhere miles away! we discovered there was a great little italian round the corner. Our son also lost his beloved teddy in the room on the sunday as we were so late for a trip we had booked because of the breakfast service delays we had to check out in a hurry and missed the teddy on the bed.We contacted the hotel but were fobbed off saying it would have gone to the laundry ( we contacted the laundry who were great but teddy was not found) I got the impression a childs beloved toy was just too small a problem to have a proper look/investigation.We got a couple of e mails from housekeeping but couldnt really understand them ( the lady is French I think) and they apologised- not good enough.In summary this hotel gives the impression of chaos not quality and has skimped on furnishings that look ok but are really cheap and nasty.Dont stay here if you want to see London - you will spend all your time waiting for a bad breakfast or waiting for lifts!!We have been offered a nights free stay for all the issues we encountered hmmmm!!!I would rather stay at the Premier Inn near the London Eye, much better value and service!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Why was I apprehensive?	Myself &amp; my girlfriend stayed one in night(bed &amp; breakfast Saturday night) in the Park Plaza County Hall &amp; from check in to check out it was excellant.Since I booked this hotel I was reading very mixed reviews on Tripadvisor but since my stay there I wonder why I was apprehenive. Firstly the location.Its so central.Its basically only minutes away from Waterloo &amp; Westminster Underground Stations.Check in was prompt &amp; efficient.I requested a room with a view of the river but the receptionist couldn't fulfill my request.He was most apologetic.It was only for one night so it wasn't an issue.I asked the receptionist if I could have breakfast in the room on the following morning.That was no problem &amp; there was no surcharge added either.We requested breakfast for 11am(a bit late for breakfaston a Sunday Morning),again no problem. The room was(&quot;an executive suite&quot;)clean,spacious &amp; modern.It had two tvs both with internet.It had a kitchette which included a microwave &amp; sink.Bathroom facilities were both clean &amp; modern. A lot of members complained about the slowness of the lifts,we were on the 7th floor &amp; didnt find issue. The bar area was bright &amp; modern.Drinks were pricey but what do you expect for central London.We didn't eat in the restaurant but if the food was anything like breakfast there would be no complaints.We enjoyed our experience so much that my girlfriend re booked it for a few weeks time as she is returning with friends on a shopping trip.	
Feb 23 2009 	Poorly Managed - wouldn't stay again	Booked a Junior Suite through a website promotion to take the kids to London for Half Term. Got there to find we had access to &quot;executive Lounge&quot; plus a free bar between 6-8 and lot sof other good things. Great start.Went out and did loads of walking hoping to retire to the room and watch a movie with the kids. Tried to get the movies on and found it wasn't working. called reception and, after 20 minutes or so was offered a differnet room as it appeared there was a known fault with the TV in my room (there wer etwo TVs - niether worked !!). So we moved all of our stuff down 10 flights to the new room only to find that the movies didn't work there either. By this time it was getting too late to watch a film the whole way through so we went down to Reception to ask them to send someone up the next day to fix it. At tha tpoint we were told that the whole hotel was out - Thanks guys, you could have saved me moving had you told me earlier....Next morning went along to our &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; for breakfast. My wife ordered Poached eggs rather than the scrambled eggs that were on offer - they took 30 minutes to arrive !! when they did arrive, the buffet was all out of bacon, sauasage, fruit juice and many other things.....the staff were just not on top of it at all. Many people left the room without eating. The next morning I rang reception and explained tha ti would rpefer to have my breakfast in the main dining room due to the previous days problems - that would be no problem they said, but I would be charged £17 a head for breakfast !! Needless to say, we went back to teh buffet in our &quot;Executive Lounge&quot;. The queues in Reception and in the dining room for breakfasts were horrendous...also taking a lift meant a long wait as only two of the three were working....I wouldn't recommend staying there which is a shame as, with a bit more organisation of the staff it would be a great hotel. The location is good, the hotel is new and clean and the food (when it arrived) was good quality - all it needs is a new manager and it would be worth returning to.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good location but...	We booked a Valentines weekend break at this hotel and thought a more modern hotel would be a change from the usual older central london hotels. The rate quoted included breakfast which was indicated clearly on my confirmation email. When we arrived this was also freely confirmed by the friendly receptionist.The room was on 11th floor with one small window overlooking the atrium, do not expect any natural light or fresh air. This would be fine except the air conditioning, despite being set to the coolest setting, did nothing to reduce the sweltering temperature of the room.Despite both of us trying everything with the bath/shower taps there was no way of getting water through the bath tap (no matter what it persisted with overhead shower only). So no relaxing soak after a long day sightseeing.Breakfast was a bit of a scrum but they completely ran out of bacon on Sunday morning with half an hour of breakfast service to go which is inexcusable for any hotel!When we came to check out at 12:00pm there was quite a queue at reception. A member of staff was running round offering people express checkout but I wanted to check my bill first. Thankfully I did because our breakfast was being charged for despite it being included in my rate. This added around £65 to the bill which I asked to be removed. Then the problems really started. The receptionist had obviously had some difficulty with the customer in the queue ahead of me and when it came to my turn I understood why. This girl was clearly &quot;unwell&quot;. She appeared to be under the influence of either drink or drugs and just stared blankly at both me and her computer while trying to amend my bill. Eventually, after about 20 minutes of nothing happening despite me asking several times what the problem was (she just mumbled and continued to stare blankly) my partner sought out the reception manager who took over from the receptionist and sorted out my bill very quickly. It was obvious to me that this girl was uncapable of dealing with customers (she was incapable of communicating at all actually) and this should have been noticed much earlier - there were three other receptionists working hard behind the desk.Apart from that the hotel has a great location and was clean and adequate. I wouldn't stay there again though.	
Feb 13 2009 	Bad Servive	Stayed here for one night with 2 friends. The hotel was booked and paid upfront using my friends credit card through an Internet site.On arrival she was told that the room had not been paid for and that her credit card details would only have been taken to reserve the room, however my friend had received her credit statement and the amount had been debited the previous month.The receptionist was rude and snigger at my friends dilemma. So unless we wanted to sleep outside she would have to pay for the room again- Again we were told that her card would only be used to secure the room and would not be debited until we left.We were advised that a refundable charge of £25 would be applied in case of any services used.At check out my friend was asked to enter her credit card details again- a very worried friend had to type her pin after they assured her only one payment would be taken.On return a total of 3 payments have been taken- 2 by the hotel which included the £25 deposit. One of which was taken the day after we left !My friend has contacted the hotel and although they are refunding the extra payment they did not apologise for the mistake.We were given an upgrade- all expecting something a little special we were very disappointed with our room and dread to think what we had originally booked. Having a room on the 13th floor certainly proved to be very unlucky for us.Cant fault the cleanliness but the rooms are very smallOverall the our experience of this hotel was poor.	
Feb 6 2009 	Well above London Standards	The hotel is great by London standards. Location is convenient, although not in what I'd call a beautiful surrounding, but very close to Waterloo an Westminster Underground stations, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and London Eye and South Bank's beautiful riverwalk. I would recommend it for Springtime or summer, when walking everywhere is much nicer than in a cold winter like this one, when you must rely on london's unpredictable public transport. On the other hand, this is one of the most interesting &quot;new&quot; areas in London, so if you are interested in the Tate Modern, the Millenium Bridge, London Eye, River Boats, Westmister or the lively new river walk, this is your place to stay in London. They are all within walking distance, as well as further highlights as the National Gallery, Trafalgar, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey or The Strand.At 85 Euros per night we were offered a Superior room, which in fact is how they call their standard rooms. Room 710 was a bit larger than other &quot;superiors&quot;.Rooms are small but comfortable. Minimalist in decoration, modern furniture, modern facilities, small but very clean bathroom with a good shower... and, best of all: There is no thick, dusty, stained, shabby carpeting, which I hate but find in most British hotels.The staff is really helpful and polite although I found one problem I had been aware beforehand by reading previous comments: They don't offer adaptor plugs. They run out of them soon, as they say there's a high demand. Why don't they include one adapter plug in every room?. I think there were many European guests who obviously needed them.I would stay here again in my next visit to London	
Feb 1 2009 	Fab Stay At the Park Plaza :)	We had a fantastic stay, we were upgraded as it was a birthday and found all staff amazingly attentive and friendly, catering really well for families. Children were We had room service dinner as we were late for the theatre and that was punctual and lovely and not terribly expensive. The staff were wonderful, especially the Irish waiter and Luke Francois who did little things in our stay which made it completely perfect and totally memorable. Great location for sightseeing and fab for all, especially families, although don't let this put you off, it would be a great hotel for all.	
Jan 28 2009 	Park Plaza County Hall Pleased Us	Started off a Thanksgiving week trip to London and Paris with first half at the Park Plaza County Hall. Traveling with my husband and 16 year old daughter who loved figuring out the underground! She essentially had her own room, since there was a nice sofa bed in the living room. Cool modern bathroom and kitchenette. We had originally wanted to stay at the Marriot County Hall, but ended up getting this room for well under half the price via Hotwire search for a four star hotel on the South Bank. Good deal. We were just a block and a half from the Thames and easily walked to Big Ben and other attractions. Cool decor and colors and lights in the hotel lobby, restaurant and rooms.. Our first time using Hotwire and we were very pleased with the outcome.	
Jan 26 2009 	We REALLY liked it!	I booked this directly with Park Plaza called them via the website. The booking was for a group.They were so entirely helpful, even down to special requests at no extra charge - for example, quiet rooms with a view. We were also upgraded to Studio rooms.Loved the design of the hotel, and everything seemed clean and efficient. Check in an out was a little slow, but they compensated with free drinks while we waited (we actually only waited about 10mins tops). Breakfast had all you needed including cooked, that was a little canteen-ish; the staff were exceptionally attentive and cheerful.In fact all the staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly.I got annoyed at the wait for lifts, that was my only grumble, so that says a lot in itself!You can stay in cheaper hotels this central, but not many. I would recommend this hotel. Great for families too, especially the studio rooms, with kitchen.	
Jan 26 2009 	Excellent Location	Stayed at this Hotel for two nights.Check in was quick and efficient after the now common &quot;do you wish to upgrade to?&quot;.Room was a Superior apparently (two single beds,tv,desk and chair,microwave,fridge and sink and view to left of Waterloo Station and right to a building site).I can only assume a &quot;standard&quot; room is one that looks into the central atrium and does not have an outside view. The room and bathroom were both clean. The room was very hot and as the windows did not open it took some time for it to cool down with the thermostat turned to its lowest setting.Breakfast was fine on the first morning however the line the second morning was so long I decided to go to the Starbucks across the road.Overall for £110 per night B&amp;B and the good location it was fine.If you want a clean room and good location this Hotel hits the mark but it is not somewhere you will leave and rave about.	
Jan 14 2009 	Good hotel overall	Booked this hotel as we wanted somewhere that could accomodate 2 friends and a 6yr old, and the rooms here with the seperate bedroom/living area seemed to fit that bill. Rooms were good, with TV in each area, bathroom and kitchenette well equipped, and hotel in general very clean and tidy. We also had use of the Executive lounge which was well worth the added cost - we had breakfast there every day - and good selection of both cooked and continental breakfast, we also visited 2 out of 3 nights for drinks and nibbles! All included. view was a little dissapointing as we requested a city view - didn't realise this was different to a river view, so all we could really see was Waterloo train station! Other than that, and a lack of slippers in the exec rooms we were very happy with the hotel and location.	
Jan 12 2009	very impressive	i was really impressed with hotel. great looking bar and lobby. staff not very friendly but helpful in a detached way. room was very clean and well equiped. microwave, plates,cutlery,bottle opener,lots of glasses etc.duvets very thin.great location.	
Jan 8 2009 	Still has teething problems..	Booked a last minute break and arrived around noon,too early to check in,so we left our luggage in a secure room and headed into town, arriving back at 5pm. We were told our room was not yet ready and would we wait for 10 mins or so in the bar. This we did, then picked up our key and headed off. I opened the door to find someone already in the room. Needless to say, i was duly embarrassed and headed back to the reception, meeting the duty manager Jason in the lift. He apologised profusely and immediately organised us a new room. On arrival the room had the distinct smell of open drains which was worse in the bathroom. While I'm not fussy, the smell was really overpowering so we headed back to reception, yet again bumping into Jason. He could'nt have been more apologetic and said he would sort a new room immediately. We pointed out that by now we were ready for dinner and would be out for a few hours, so as long as we had a room when we got back later, there was no rush.. On our return we were stunned to find we had been moved to one of the penthouse suites complete with a bottle of champagne on ice. The views were truly stunning and it more than made up for any inconvenience. All in all we found the hotel clean,the staff friendly and professional especially Jason who was fantastic. From what we saw of our original room, it was well equipped and the kitchenette is a great idea. Checking in procedures certainly need to be tightened up as being made to wait for a room to be ready at 5pm is not acceptable and neither is finding someone already in that room.However, these glitches aside,we would probably stay here again, due to its proximity to many attractions.	
Jan 6 2009 	Large rooms and good value but noisy!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Park Plaza County hall for 3 nights for my birthday in January 09. Initially I was very impressed with the room which for £68 per night was very spacious (particularly by London standards) with a double bed and separate sitting area (with a tv in each area) a nice modern bathroom and a small kitchenette with microwave, kettle, fridge and sink etc. The hotel location is excellent and is just around the corner from the Houses of Parliament and 5 minutes walk from Westminster tube and Waterloo station. Unfortunately a large number of the rooms directly overlook the bar and restaurant and as we were only on the third floor, on our first night we could hear music from the bar until the early hours of the morning and then from 6am noise from breakfast resulting in a very poor nights sleep. We complained and asked to be moved either to a higher floor or to a room which didn't overlook the bar area and to be fair this was done with a minimum of fuss. The only other point to note was that in both the rooms we were in, the temperature control system didn't seem to work particularly well even when set to it's coldest setting resulting in the rooms becoming very hot and stuffy at night and also both rooms had no natural ventilation at all. We chose not to pay for breakfast at the hotel which at £16 per person seemed very expensive. Instead we used a nearby cafe which was much cheaper and was fine for breakfast or a quick snack (Turn right out of the hotel doors then right at the end of the street and then 3 minutes along the road on the right hand side towards Waterloo station). Based largely on the price we paid but also the central location and the size and quality of the rooms I would recommend this hotel, however I would strongly advise to request a room that doesn't overlook the bar/restaurant area or to ask for a room on the higher floors (there are at least 3 reasonably fast lifts serving the hotel) where you won't be disturbed by the noise.	
Jan 2 2009 	Fantastic London Break	What a lovely Hotel, 2 adults, 1 x 15 year old and 1 x 12 year old, the room was perfect with 2 sleeping areas immaculately presented and a spectacular view of the London Eye and Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. The staff are very friendly and we also had the added bonus of using the Executive Lounge for breakfast which was lovely and quiet and perfect for our family.It is in a great location to explore London and very easy to get back to being right next door to Waterloo station. We had a fantastic stay in this Hotel. The accommodation was great and along with the Staff and the locality. Will definitely go back in the new year. A great start to our Christmas.	
Dec 21 2008 	would not stay here again	xmas treat for our 2 boys as hotel were offering a 'kids special'. Room overlooked building site of another hotel being built, the childrens beds were not made up until 10.20pm, they are 8 and 5! Even then we had to call reception twice to get any linen or have the sofa bed made up.The executive lounge which we had paid for closed at 8pm instead of the 10pm advertised so no canapes or drinks, and the waitress was rude telling me to get out as it was laid up for breakfast!The chamber maid knocked on our door at 9am asking when we were leaving as they wanted to clean our room..checkout is at 12pm.Breakfast in the main dining area had a 45 minute waiting time as we were not allowed to dine in the executive lounge with our children!Would never go back to this hotel. It cost £210 for the night for a 4* hotel which quite honestly would have been better spent at the premier inn across the road saving us £100.	
Dec 11 2008 	Definately not County Hall	Stayed here for a special occasion and would not stay here again. In my experience, Park Plazas are consistently good, but this one has some major teething problems. It is not at County Hall, but on top of Waterloo station. We were lucky enough to have a view of the London Eye, which was the one thing that was really good about our stay. I upgraded the room to include breakfast which was a disaster. Too few trained staff and the result was a congealed breakfast, fought over tables and general mess and noise. We had breakfast in our room the next day which was better. The check in and check out times need too be improved on. It is not acceptable to wait 20 minutes. Go to the Park at Victoria!!	
Dec 2 2008 	Must have one of the best views in London	We had booked a river view room but got what I think must have been the best room in the house in the price range. Arriving on the fast train from Stockport we were at the hotel by 11.30, far too early to check in, and the receptionist said she gould give us a room on the 14th floor with a balcony if we didnt mind waiting for it to be serviced. So we left our luggage in the secure area at the hotel and did the London Eye and lunch before returning. The room was worth waiting for with a superb view of the Eye and the Houses of Parliament plus a huge vista of the city. The balcony was large and could have been used for dining in summer as there was a table and two chairs in the room. The hotel follows the American system of providing a mini kitchen, with microwave, sink and kettle plus crockery and cutlery so you can easily feed yourself and enjoy the view as an alternative to eating out. The bathroom was large and well lit with a bath and a shower and the room was in good repair and very clean. It would have been short of clothes storage space for a longer stay as curiously there were no drawers only a couple of shelves, and there was the usual situation of no plug point/adjacent mirror which meant I had to dry my hair using the plug point for the coffee maker and the mirror on the inside of the wardrobe door. But these are minor point given that view!We didnt do breakfast as at £16.75 it is just over the top and there are loads of cafes in the area. The dealings we had with staff were all very positive and they were pleasant and helpful. Location is excellent as several tube lines run through Waterloo and Westminster tube is just over the bridge. Trafalgar Square is an easy walk up Whitehall , Covent Garden and theatre land are 3 stops etc - you get the picture. Overall I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, and I am picky!	
Dec 2 2008 	Great hotel - wonderful staff	Stayed here with two friends for two nights &amp; have no complaints. Lovely hotel, very friendly, helpful, efficient staff, spacious spotless rooms. The breakfast was excellent - good choice of food and plenty of it - again the staff can't do enough for you and like one other reviewer I especially want to mention the manager in the restaurant Kieran who was very effiicient &amp; friendly to all the customers. The location is also very good made our trips easier. Defiently recommend this hotel &amp; will be staying again.	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved this hotel. A+++++++++++++++	We booked this through ticket tree as part of a packaged. we had 6 twin rooms and tickets for dirty dancing. There were 12 of us in total.We got a good rate of £150 per person which included full English breakfast and stall seats for the show on a SaturdayThe room was small but very clean and modern!!We arrived around 1sh and could check in straight away.We had rooms on different floors but they were all good rooms.Bathrooms are not sound proof but fab showers!!!In all we found the hotel staff very helpfull.The hotel is so near every thing we wanted and needed!! took us just 15 minutes to walk to the threatre.	
Nov 29 2008 	Absolutely Amazing!	Staying at this hotel was absolutely amazing. The location is excellent, 5-minute walk from Waterloo station, near the London Eye and the waterfront.Upon arrival at the hotel, we were offered an upgrade to a penthouse suite, we cautiously decide to take the offer. This turned out to be a very good decision. The second I opened the door to the room I was overcome with excitement. The suite was HUGE, at least twice the size of my apartment. It featured 2 bathrooms, a large bedroom, a living room and a separate kitchen and dining room. The real treat however was the enormous rooftop terrace that wrapped around the entire corner suite, the view of London was breathtaking with excellent vantage points of the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, London Eye, and the city as a whole. If I could afford to live in that suite I would.Now to be fare, I’m sure the room we originally booked was MUCH smaller (most London hotel rooms are tiny by US standards) and that the normal price for this suite is probably way more than we paid. Still I could see some of the other rooms featured small balconies which probably had nice views as well. The hotel was also trendy, very clean, and the staff was friendly and accommodating. I will definitely consider staying there again. If I had one complain it was that the mattress was hard, though this seems to be very common in Europe so I won’t hold it against them too much.	
Nov 26 2008 	Good - not great!	Any hotel near County Hall is the perfect place to stay in London -- especially if you arrive at Waterloo! it's just that they vary so much in price. The travelodge is just that - a travelodge. The Marriott is overpriced without a good deal, so the Park Plaza fits the bill. Especially for a family.We - 2 adults, a teenager and a 6 year old - booked a 2 nt stay in an executive ( ha ha) room. Check in was fine - staff friendly but I think Luke has had too much praise in these reviews and I found him to be rather full of self importance without any substance. Stop smoozing and keep an eye on whats going on!Room - fine. Modern decor, thin walls, but great for a family.Executive package - a joke unless you can ensure you drink your compliment of alcohol to make it worthwhile. Desperately understaffed and badly managed they are unable to cope with the amount of guests who pay for the upgrade. Queues at breakfast, and not enough seats. Make it more exclusive or remove it altogether. It gives an executive package a bad name.The hotel were unable to honour all the items offered in the family package but the general staff come up trumps. Friendly and hard working they deserve the credit. I will return if the price is right - but these days we should all shop around	
Nov 24 2008 	Avoid any rooms near the lifts or overlooking the atrium!! Noise central!!	I so wanted to love this hotel. I am a big fan of Park Plaza hotels generally. For the price you pay, they are comparable to many 5 star hotels in terms of service and quality and I was expecting big things from this stay especially as I had swapped a reservation I had held at the Riverbank Park Plaza down the road.I wish I hadn't now.....First of all the good points.The rooms are great, basically the standard room is a 1 bedroom suite, with a seperate living area and kitchenette, the living room felt like you could totally relax and it was handy to have the kitchenette for heating up a quick snack. A few minor niggles had to be the minibar/refrigerator, of which the left hand side is chargeable and there is space on the right for your items although you could fit at best one large ready made meal in there, so don't expect to do a big shop!, weird considering they provide cutlery in the roomNow for the bad points..The main problem here is sleep or should I say rather the lack of sleep I managed to obtain on a one night stay and this is becuase of how the room is laid out. I guess I should have had my suspicions when as a goldplus card holder with a silver status, they decided to completely ignore my request for a room on a high floor, away from the lift, this despite checking in at 3pm in the afternoon.As you enter the room, you are literally on the bed, well bedroom, but there is not much space between the bed and the door, the rest of the room then leads on to the kitchenette and the living area.It does mean that basically your bed and where you sleep is right by the door, and right by the wall where you can hear people walking past, the lifts running at all hours which isn't great seeing as the main purpose of a hotel is to sleep in! Friday night is full of party guests, which all congregate in the atrium bar/restaurant, so from the room, it is like sleeping in a bar/restaurant environment with the full noise of people laughing, cutlery clanking etc.... till at least 1.30-2am. Morning times are little better with doors slamming and the same noise emminating from the atrium where they hold breakfast.The hotel is also seemed quite full of children and families, so extra noise here of children running around the atrium area on the floor.So whilst the room itself is nice, it would have been an idea had the designers decided to swap the living and the bedroom areas around so that guests can actually sleep, after all isn't that the point of a hotel??What should have been a nice stay, I'm afraid ended up being a damp squib. Avoid and book the Riverbank down the road, or the Sherlock Holmes at Baker Street.	
Nov 23 2008 	Our overnight stay	Personnel are very friendly, Kieran deserves a special mention for wonderful customer service, making sure that everyone had a great breakfast. Location is excellent and nothing is very far by tube or taxi. The Doormen were lovely and very helpful. The downside was that the rooms were not available at 2.00 p.m. as stated in check in time. The rooms are spacious but little things in the rooms need attention such as finding the milk! The height of things for small or disabled people in the bathroom are very difficult or hard to reach. Bar food was fair but not notable and little things like clearing the tables caused issues. A fabulous girl was working very hard in the bar and other staff while chatting to customers were not always making sure that the other customers were having their needs met. The Bar area also suffers greatly from being draughty as a result of the partitioning having gaps in and being very close to the main entrance. Breaksfast was very good and a great selection. In all we would stay here again as overall value for money was good.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Hotel Great location	Stayed at this hotel for one night and had a great room with a view over the London Eye and Big ben and was on the 12th floor so great view. Did not spend much time at the hotel but when we was there the service was great and the room was clean and tidy. All the staff we met were really polite. The bar was expensive but it is London and the pubs are not much cheaper. Bout 5 mins from the London eye and abot 10 mins from big ben on foot. Waterloo station is just a quick walk aswell. While in London check out the Absolut ice bar *Booking is recomended*Would stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 13 2008 	Fab	Park Plaza is a stunning hotel with absolute fantastic views! We were rather shocked to have the London Eye right outside the window! The hotel is very modern and the staff are great - Especially the concierge one guy in particular Mark Highley - Fantastic service - Deserves a big big wage raise..!!!	
Nov 8 2008 	Staff Extremely Helpful	I booked this hotel through their website as a treat for my daughter who will soon be 18yrs.We were going to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall that evening and also needed a hotel which was very close to Waterloo station.On arrival by taxi at the Park Plaza we were met by 2 male staff who helped us out of taxi and took my daughter's wheelchair and baggage into reception.Checking in was very quick and having collected our suitcase from the store room,a staff member then took us up to our accessible room on the 13th floor.First thing we noticed was the extreme heat in the hotel and in our room.It was unbearable despite attempts to adjust the air conditioning it made no difference!The windows are all triple glazed and do not open at all! which we definetly did not like.Our room was spacious and the beds comfortable.Bathroom very accesible BUT do not like the frosted glass door as not very private. The food from the cafe bar was delicious,bit overpriced though but service was quick.Next morning we had breakfast delivered to our room which was wonderful and only cost £3 extra.Checking out was quick and the door staff very quickly hailed a taxi cab for us.Loved the hotel but did'nt enjoy the overheating and would prefere the option to open the windows!	
Nov 4 2008 	a few small niggles	I stayed here for 2 nights booked through a travel agent at promotional rates, hence paid well below what the hotel normally charges. My first impressions were that the hotel was beautifully decorated and very contemporary. The room was excellent, being very spacious and offering a lovely view over London (from the 11th floor) For someone who is mainly used to staying in budget type hotels like travel inns, this was definitely more luxurious. Extras like toiletries, slippers, dressing gowns and a coffee maker were an added bonus. Cleanliness was very good.I took heed of the reviews previously on here and went down early or breakfast at 8am on the Sunday. Yes, it was busy, but we did get a table without queuing and there was plenty of choice of food, which was very tasty. I guess later on it could have got quite hectic though. The pressure on the lifts was also apparant, only 2 lifts for the whole hotel. I am not averse to walking but not 11 floors! I thought the wifi could have been free, it was £4.95 per day. It was free in the communal areas but not in the rooms. My main complaint would have to be the temperature of the hotel and in the rooms. It was absolutely boiling. Now I am the sort of person that feels the cold and I hate being cold. But this was too much for me. I was so hot I felt ill. I couldnt sleep properly because of it. In the room was a knob marked cold and warm. I turned it to cold but there was no difference. The group I was travelling with also felt the same, it was far too hot. Also, you cannot open the windows in the room. This was the main problem for me. Also, at 8.15am on Monday morning I was rudely awoken by a maid knocking on the door wanting to clean the room, something which I definitely did not appreciate at that time of day. My friends also got woken because of this.There were niggles at check in, initially had no record of my booking, then my key wouldnt work on the 2nd day because I'd only been checked in for one night instead of 2. Most of the staff seemed to struggle with speaking English and sometimes did not understand what we were saying. The prices of the drinks in the bar were outrageous, but then again it is London I suppose. Overall, very nice modern luxurious hotel but there are some small niggles which spoilt it a bit for me.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good base for the West End	Let's get the bad news out of the way first. There are three hotels in the County Hall complex - this is NOT one of them. It's actually 200 yards south, by a busy traffic junction and without a view across the Thames. I consider the name very misleading. Not only did the internet access in the room not work properly, but, incredibly, they expected you to pay extra for it. Hello , Park Plaza, this is the 21st century calling - are you planning to join us any time soon?On the plus side, the hotel was very clean, very efficient, and our suite was (by London standards) very spacious: separate sleeping and living areas linked by a short corridor. The door on the bathroom was a bit odd, being made of translucent glass - definitely a suite to share only with family or close friends! The coffee-making facilities didn't include fresh milk, despite the presence of a fridge. We didn't ask for any because every other service involved an extra charge - but it emerged when we checked out that we could have had fresh milk on request for free. So good marks for service, but no marks for information.The breakfast was very expensive so we didn't have it. Instead we went to the bagel shop near County Hall, which was much cheaper and perfectly acceptable (and staffed by people who were happy to spend time giving useful advice to tourists).Reception were very helpful though the concierge was a bit miserable.One thing saved this hotel from a &quot;3&quot; rating: a few days after our visit I got an automated email asking for feedback. I replied with the comments I've made above, and quickly got a personal response from the manager saying that he would look into the issues I'd raised. Maybe he will and maybe he won't, but the mere fact that he took the trouble to respond puts this hotel one level above the average.	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent base for seeing London	Too many hotels in London are worn out, and staffed by people who do not care. Fortunately the Park Plaza was different. Quite a new hotel so all the rooms are still fresh. And for London the staff were very helpful. There was even a pizza-making demonstration for our eight-year-old in the kitchen at four o'clock on Saturdays.It is a short walk from Waterloo tube and train station, which is a good start for sight-seeing - an all-day ticket is just over £5 for the tube with children under 12 free. And the London Eye is only about a hundred yards away. Try to get a room which overlooks the Eye and the Thames.We paid for an upgrade which included drinks in the executive suite and also breakfast there, although the staff there had difficulty in coping with the numbers.Reception desk is quite small and could get a bit chaotic if there are too many people checking in and out.Overall, good value for money in London considering it is pretty central.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great New Hotel	This was a one night stopover for us and we were looking for a hotel with a good location and decent standard but not willing to pay normal London rates. The Park Plaza offers fantastic value. Although not right in the very heart of things it is extremely well located to reach the West End on foot. The tube is a very pleasant 3mins walk away passing by the Thames and Houses of Parliment en-route.The design and quality of the hotel surpassed our expectations; modern and comfortable - maybe one step down from a Radisson SAS. Our Superior room was spacious clean and practical (it even had small tea point with its own sink). Given the amount of people decending at once for breakfast on Sunday the staff were very pleasant and effecient at getting us to a table quickly (as noted in other reviews get down early if you want to walk straight to a table). The staff generally were interested and helpful.Overall a very easy place to stay offering good value. As a frequent traveller I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 13 2008 	Fantastic hospitality	We could only visit this hotel for a very short trip but the next time we will be staying for at least the whole weekend. I couldn't believe the service &amp; special treatment myself &amp; my husband received in this hotel. We were celebrating a very special occasion &amp; the team of staff in the hotel certainly made us feel like VIP's. Luke Josef deserves such a very special thank you because without him our experience would not have been the same. He was professional, friendly &amp; so good to us. It makes such a difference to receive service with a smile. Something that most hotels have forgotten about these days.He was there to greet us on checking in &amp; showed us to our 'upgraded room' - a junior suite, where there was champayne waiting for us. We had the most amazing view of 'Big Ben' &amp; the London Eye. It was breathtaking. The room service was prompt, great food &amp; all staff were all very friendly. There is a kitchenette in each room which is a fantanstic initiative. It has a microwave, sink, coffee/tea making facilities &amp; crockery. The bathroom was class. Fab power shower, lovely white towels, bathrobes &amp; all your vanity requirements were catered for. I tell it how it is &amp; would not be a person for exaggerating but we could not fault this hotel. We will definitely be returning to it.	
Oct 13 2008 	Superb location lovely hotel just some minor niggles	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, and despite some niggles would definitely return, and would recommend it to others.The good:The location is superb, round the corner and proved to be walkable from Waterloo tube, the eye, Coventt Garden, Theatre land, Trafalgar Square, St James Park, Westminster, Big Ben, and Westminster Pier for City Cruises. It is also on the Big Bus and Original Tour bus routes.The rooms are clean and functional, full sized bed, comfortable bathroom with bath and shower (once you have worked out the tap!). We had a TV, a fridge with a section for our drinks, and a kettle with a supply of coffee, tea and sugar. Our party had two rooms, ours had a microwave but the other room did not.Breakfast was varied and good quality, the continental including fish, cheese, cereals, pancakes, toast, fruit, continental meats, pastries etc. There were plenty of tables up to 8am, but soon after then queues began to lengthen so an early breakfast is to be preferred. At 9am the queue was around 50 people, and was still a similar length at 9.30.The luggage storage service was excellent, meaning we could start our holiday before our room was ready, and spend the final morning without our luggage.The bad:For us this was mainly a result of a few sloppy staff, irritations rather then real problems. We arrived at midday knowing our rooms would not be ready before 2pm, and were allowed to check in. When we returned at 3:30pm our room was still not ready. We were instantly switched to a new room on the 13th floor, but the wrong room number was written on our card. After disturbing another guest, and trecking our luggage back down to the reception, we were finally told the correct room.At lunch a large and a small glass of wine came in identical glasses, and very similar levels. The waitress insisted that one was large, and it wasn't until we insisted she pour it back into the measures that she conceded the large had been a small.Finally the tea and coffee supplies come in two's, and include caffeinated and decaf coffee. As well as forgetting the milk the housekeeping did not replace the caffeinated coffee. We asked at reception if the supply could be replenished with 4 caffeinated sachets. On returning to our room we found a big supply of tea, and 6 decaf sachets. We asked again if we could have four sachets of caffeinated coffee, and on our final return to the room we found more tea and 3 coffee sachets. Not the biggest of problems, but totally unnecessary.There were three lifts for 13 floors, and these got very congested at certain times. On the 13th floor we would end up stopping at every floor, and our friends on the 5th floor got very frustrated at waiting as much as 10 minutes until a lift arrived that they could get into.Some of the concierges were friendly, some surly, but none answered any of our questions beyond where somewhere is.	
Oct 12 2008 	Fantastic time at Park Plaza County Hall	We took our two small children (5 and 2) to London for the first time and stayed at this hotel. We lived in London until we had kids and so we know the place, its ups and downs, very well.We are also seasoned travellers.I could not fault the hotel. We stayed on the 12th floor and had the most magnificent view. The children were incredibly impressed to be able to see Big Ben and the London Eye lit up from our room and I have to admit it made us feel like tourists in a city we thought we knew so well.The studio suite was impeccably clean and well-furnished. All facilities were working and it was very comfortably resourced - coffee maker, microwave etc.The air conditioning unit was noisy but a quick call to reception resulted in it being turned off centrally by computer within a few minutes.The breakfast was amazing too (although the staff were perhaps overstretched at peak time).The hotel is a five minute walk from Waterloo and two minutes from the south bank and London Eye. The concierge was very helpful and organised our tickets for us.What really impressed us was the staff's attitude to our children. The boys were very excited and noisy but were treated with kindness and good humour by everyone from management to doormen. The door staff in particular made a fuss of them every time we left and returned. It was lovely to feel so welcome with children - not a common occurence int he UK!PS. We found no problem at all with the lifts no matter what time of day/night we used themWould thoroughly recommend and will definitely return!	
Oct 12 2008 	Glad I go the Upgrade although nice overall!	In London for 5 days with my partner in Septmeber. Expected a clean and comfortable room but paying on the low end of the advertised prices on the website so wasn't expecting alot of space or a view out of a window.Upon check-in I started to chat up the desk clerk who was new on the job this week and we started to talk about travel and her aspirations, etc.... I asked if there was a room ready as we were a few hours ahead of the check-in time policy. She asked if I stayed her before so I jsut smiled and said yes even though I had never stayed at any of the Park Plaza Hotels before. She told me she would move me to a room that was an upgrade and was available now. I confirmed that this was a complimentary upgrade and she said of course.Upon arrivel to our room on the 13th floor (14th is the Penthouse floor), I opend our door to find a small alcove with a large cabinet. TO the left was a kitchen which when I walked around the corner there was 30 feet of floor to ceiling window with a living room and bedroom seperated by a wall entertainement unit. We have views mainly over Victoria Station although we could see St. Paul's Cathedral, the City of London and Canary Wharf. Mianly there was clear blue sky and sunlight to be had which was quite the shock as for 155 pounds a night for two nights then down to 95 pounds a night for the last two nights I was expecting an interior view or view of a brick wall.The kitchen was stocked with expresso maker, kettle, microwave, sink, dishes and untensils and was superb. The complimentary expresso, cappuccino, hot chocolate, Scottish Shortbreads and bottled water were also convenient. The bathroom was marble with a glass shower and a seperate large bathtube with a hige sink area with ample counterspace. The garbage cans were way too small although typical of England hotels.I told me friend to not answer the door, unpack as quickly as possible and put the do no disturb sign on the door as I was fretting a call from the front desk stating the new desk clerk made a mistake and we couldn't stay there but no such luck. I woudl check on one of the two large flat screen TV's my bill and it was what I had agreed upon online.The hotel is conveniently located near Big Ben/Parliament and the London Eye. A quick walk to Embankment or Victoria underground and London was at your feet. We usually walked by the Eye and then crossed the pedestrain bridge near Charing Cross station just to enjoy the view.Would definately have recommended this hotel even without the upgrade.	
Oct 8 2008 	Close to London Eye and Thames River Cruise	The hotel was excellent for our two night stay in London with our two children over the February half term holiday. It was a large room with a kitchenette with a microwave, fridge and kettle. The children even had their own tv in the sitting area of the room. The long windows overlooked Waterloo train station with magnificent views across the city. The hotel had just opened so there were a couple of small issues - bulbs missing from lamps and a breakfast dining area that had to be extended into the conference area on the floor above to accommodate all the guests. It was great to see all the performers as we walked along the Thames and it was very close to The London Eye and Houses of Parliament.I would definitely stay here again, the hotel room made it perfect for staying with children and certainly kept the cost of the trip down.	
Oct 6 2008 	Very Good Hotel	spent 4 night at Park plaza last August and was very happy with my choice. Upon arrival I asked at reception if I could had a room with view and was istantly upgraded ro a very nice suite on 13th floor overlooking Waterloo station. Staff is truly great (especially concierges). I liked everything about the room and service and will recommend this hotel to everyone . Not to forget: location is FANTASTIC!	
Oct 5 2008 	excellent	Luke and his staff treated us like kings. Everyone was extremely friendly and hospitable. When I come back to London I know where I'm staying.	
Oct 1 2008	More than happy	Booked this hotel for proximity to Royal Festival Hall and an easy transfer from Waterloo train station. Very good experience to be had at this hotel. From check-in, room service, breakfast and the children's pizza making activity, to check-out and concierge services, I could not recommend this hotel more highly. Staff were most helpful and attentive. Room decor, furnishings and standards of cleanliness could not have been better and attention to detail was superb, with even 'mini' slippers being provided for children. Our suite looked out over Waterloo, rather than towards the London Eye, but the excellent soundproofing ensured no inconvenience whatsoever. We would certainly return.	
Sep 26 2008	The best concierge!	We stayed in Park Plaza County Hall for 4 beautiful days in our Junior Suite celebrating engagements and birthday! Everything was perfect: the suite, breakfast, well, hotel in general! They have the best concierge we ever met! His name is Gary and he really helped us a lot during our stay in London, but the most important thing is that he always has a smile on his face and a friendly approach. He's one of the reasons why we will definitely come back to this hotel each time we're visiting London! We would also like to thank Front Office Manager, Ms. Sarah Hoare for upgrading us in Junior Suite and Executive Lounge. Great lady! Park Plaza County Hall is definitely a hotel to recommend, not only because of its great location (Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and London Eye are right behind a corner!) but also because of the friendly approach which can’t always be seen! Someone once said that English people are cold???	
Sep 21 2008 	Lovely hotel	We stayed at this hotel through a coach trip, it was our first wedding anniversary, so I contacted the hotel to ask how much it would be to have a bottle of champagne in the room when we go there. I received a reply more or less straight away to say that they had given us a complemetary upgrade to a junior suite and a bottle of champagne. True to their word we had a suite, no bottle of champers though but a half bottle of red wine. Couldn't fault the hotel, others had commented that they had to wait for the lifts and for breakfast, we didn't have these problems. I think that if you get to breakfast early enough there isn't a problem. Drinks are expensive in the bar.	
Sep 14 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Park Plaza County Hall from Sept. 1 - 4. The room was small based upon US standards, however was well kept and the bed was comfortable. The best thing was the extremely convenient location - 2 blocks to the London Eye, close to Parliament/Big Ben, and just down the street from the Waterloo tube station. The staff was generally extremely helpful, particularly the bell staff. Everyone was friendly and I felt that our comfort was important to them. The one less than satisfactory experience I had was when my wife and I were sitting at the bar to get a drink, it took approximately 10-15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us (and it wasn't busy). This could have been a &quot;one off&quot; instance, however it didn't leave a good taste in my mouth.Overall - I would recommend the hotel. The size of the room wasn't a big factor as we were out and around most of the time anyway.	
Sep 13 2008 	Great Location	We stayed 2 nights , 2 rooms. Our room was a suite , which strangely we walked into the bedroom, then a narrow galley kitchenette( which was well appointed with tea stuff, microwave and service for 2 people) and then to the living room area which had a sofa bed and another plasma TV. Modern decor , sleek lines, very Ikea like, (blond wood, white, glass, padded headboards)Kids room across the hall was a basic room , not sure its listing on the website, but just a basic room facing in to the atrium of the hotel. I would avoid this type or room and tried to get it changed but hotel was full so they could not.( We were willing to pay for it.) The room decor was fine, of the same calibre as the suite but it was literally like a shoebox. Absolutely tiny . I have travelled to Europe every summer for the last 10 years and am aware that rooms are smaller than in North America, but this was ridiculous.  Our room faced Waterloo Station so no view and was on the 3rd or floor. We had requested Upper floors and view and as I booked 2 rooms I hoped we would get it , but young lady at check in was not very pleasant. Check in was excrutiatingly slow. and there had to have been a bus load of people waiting. I think this has become a cruise line hotel as there were many cases with tags of the various lines. I have no issue with this as were taking a cruise a week later , but considering the number of people the hotel should have more or better trained staff.We arrived at 12 noon, but rooms were not ready so went for a stroll and some lunch and received rooms at 3.30pm.Young man who handed us the keys was much nicer .rooms were very clean and bathroom well appointed. We did not find the beds too hard, but I they are firmer than most peoples .Internet in our room was awful. Slow, kept disconnecting and it took 4 calls to front desk before a tech was sent hours later to try and sort it out and to boot we were overcharged for it and had to argue the point on checkout.Many of staff in bar, restaurant and housekeeping were Eastern European, or so it seemed. certainly the ones we encountered were. They were very pleasant but communicating especially with housekeeping was difficult. Also housekeeping on our floor left their carts in the narrow passage outside our room for the entire 48 hours we were there. A fire hazard as one had to squeeze by them each time. Despite asking her to move it at the end of her shift she would not. the carts stayed across from our door for 2 days. Front desk was of no help either in resolving this.Concierge: Needs a great deal more training and supervision. On more than one occasion while sitting in reception, I noticed him busy on the computer or writing while guests stood for a good few minutes before he even deigned to look up and acknowledge them. Location: Fantastic. Close to Waterloo and Westminster stations , both having excellent connections.Area is lively at night.Price: 110 pounds including breakfast. Excellent value for London.Breakfast: A good spread. Staff polite but sloppy slow service. It was very busy the 2 days we were there and being that many were new ,they were a bit overwhelmed .Bar: Lively at night. Service slow but polite.I am not sure if we were just unlucky with our experience at this hotel, and it is early days as this is a new hotel and hopefully these are just teething problems which will be resolved. Its also possible that the summer rates were so good and occupancy higher than staff could cope with. As it is a popular recommendation on the cruise sites where I first heard of it, I hope management gets the staff better trained as while many were pleasant there were an equal number who were not and this lack of polish is what will keep me away despite the awesome location and good rates.	
Sep 5 2008 	Fantastic service	We stayed at the hotel for one night in August. We booked a junior suite which was ideal for us as we have 2 small children.The view from the bedroom overlooked the London Eye and was very central for us as we wanted to show the children the sights.We found the hotel staff very helpful and approachable during our stay, however it was when we returned home that we really needed their help and they did not dissappoint.My 7 year old daughter had left two very special cuddly toys in her bed and was completely distraught when she realised she had left them on her return.We contacted the hotel, and spoke with Luke - Jozef Francois Senior Guest Relations Manager who asked the staff to conduct a search for the lost items. He kept us regularly updated on the progress of the search.Unfortunately, they have not been found, but to my daughter's delight, a parcel arrived yesterday with replacement teddies.It was lovely to see a smile back on her face as she cuddled them in bed last night.We can not thank the hotel enough for their kind genorosity , a gesture which we did not expect..We would certainly recommend the hotel, due to its location and cleanliness but more importantly its excellent service.	
Aug 30 2008 	Has its plusses and minuses	We were debating whether to give the hotel a three or a four star review. A three and a half, which seems to be what this hotel averages, would have been most appropriate. The Park Plaza County Hall is a new hotel in a wonderful location. We were able to walk to many attractions including Parliament, Buckingham Palace and the Theatre District. The rooms were clean and were suites, which was a big plus for us, since we took our teen aged daughter with us and it was nice to have separate space. If you are looking for a hotel with a suite, this is one for you to consider.However, be forewarned, as mentioned in other reviews, that the double bed was hard and the sofa bed was like a rock. It was akin to sleeping in a sleeping bag on the floor. After the first day, our room began to smell of sewage (avoid a room ending in &quot;05&quot;. When we first complained, we were told that we should first allow housekeeping to investigate the source of the odor. However, 15 minutes later, reception called to tell me that the person in the floor below had complained as well and the problem was obviously one involving the line of rooms. The good thing about the room was that the AC had been working adequately. When we switched rooms, we were given a room where the AC was barely noticeable. Fortunately, the heat wave in London had passed, so it was tolerable. The second room was a corner room and was actually smaller than the first. I would recommend that you give your room a once over before unpacking and request a change if needed.The lifts were not as slow as I had expected, and the staff was responsive to our complaints. There were a few broken items in both rooms. I think that they cheaped out with the furnishings and supplies when they built the hotel.All and all, it was not a bad experience, but we would probably stay elsewhere if we returned to London.	
Aug 27 2008 	great view great location lovely decor	We are a family of four, and wanted a place with separate sleeping area for the kids but not a separate room. I contacted London Discount hotels and they offered us a great deal to stay in a Studio Room at the Park Plaza County Hall. There was a bedroom and a small kitchenette with microwave, small fridge, sink and coffee maker (Nespresso) and kettle. Then there was a sitting room with a pull out double bed. Both rooms had TVs, and internet (for a price) and the bathroom was gorgeous with shower and bath. After reading other reviews I had asked for a room facing the London Eye, Big Ben and Houses of Parliament and we were on the 12th floor with a stunning view. I think facing the other direction may have been disappointing.The only problem was that though the rooms were separate, there was no door between them and the bathroom had an opaque glass door so there was nowhere to go if you wanted to read when others were sleeping...the lights lit up the whole apartment. You could easily walk across Westminster bridge, the London Eye was about a block away, and Waterloo Station a couple of blocks away. Also Big Bus Tours had a stop around the corner and the concierge was very helpful with organizing sightseeing. There was a fitness room and sauna, steam room as well.It was sometimes hard to get the family out of the hotel to see London.All in all it was a very positive experience.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great views and Convenient location	Just returned from an overnight stay in this hotel. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, the hotel met our expectations. The views from our room were great - london eye, big ben and houses of parliment were all quite close. The room was spacious enough with lots of storage and the bathroom was modern and quite stylish. We did have an issue with the shower, however, a phonecall to the reception resulted in a quick visit from a member fo staff to fix within 5 minutes. We also needed to call reception for towels, cups etc and each time, a speedy service (with a smile) was encountered.The breakfast was very good with both a continental and english breakfast on offer. The choice for a vegetarian breakfast may be limited so it may help to arrive early (or check availability).In terms of access to central london, the hotel is very close to Waterloo underground station, however, if you are not afraid of walking, a great many of the local attractions can be accessed in this way. I would certainly book this hotel again to visit london - good value, great views, great service and great location!	
Aug 25 2008 	Great Hotel.. Great Staff	We booked the Park Plaza prior to taking a cruise on the Baltic Sea. We stayed three days and we were treated very well. My wife was not feeling great after the flight and drive in from the airport. The staff went out of their way to get us into our room early and to see that my wife got the rest and care she needed. We ate several times at the hotel and the food was fine but the service and care of the staff was fantastic. The coffee was a little strong for my taste and the staff always brought me a pot of hot water so I could have a cup to my taste. It was all the little touches that made want to write this review. Our room was designed around the modern style. Yet it was very quiet and comfortable. We had a nice view but there was some construction going on in one direction but it was not a big distraction. I stayed at much higher priced hotel in London on a longer vacation and for about one third the price this was a much better value and nearly as comparable.The hotel is an easy walk from the London Eye and gives you access to most of the great places in downtown London. We had another wonderful time in one of the great cities of the world and our stay just added tot he pleasure.	
Aug 24 2008 	Good location but big disappointment	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights before going on a cruise from Dover. Although we did not book the hotel through the cruise line, there were a lot of people staying at the hotel that were also going on the same cruise. The hotel seems to cater to tour groups which can be a problem. The lobby area is not large and when there are buses of people being dropped off or picked up the lobby is fully of people and suitcases. This especially creates a problem when you want to use the elevator. There are only 3 smaller size elevators for the whole hotel. This is clearly not enough to service everyone especially at peak times (around 9-10:00 A.M.) It was almost impossible to get an elevator down to the lobby at this time of day. Normally walking down the stairs is not that big of a deal except when you want to check out and have all your luggage with you. We waited over 30 minutes to get an elevator when we wanted to check out. Finally we were lucky enough to find an elevator going up that had some room for us and our luggage and ended up taking the ride up so we could eventually go down to the lobby. Other family members were not as lucky and actually walked down from the 9th floor with all their luggage after 45 minutes of not being able to get an elevator.The air conditioning in the room was extremely weak which left the room with little air movement and feeling stuffy and warm. The mid 60’s temperature outside was much more pleasant than the room which was a constant 78 degrees. The air conditioner only works when you have the room key in a slot so we would leave our key in the slot all the time. Even that did not help cool the room. We complained twice at the front desk about the air conditioner. Both times they wrote our room number down on a post it note and we were told they would send an engineer to come and look at it. I don’t know if anyone ever came to the room to look at it but the temperature never changed. The front desk just seemed to have an “I don’t care” attitude &amp; the customer service was poor.A warning about the bathroom - the bathtub is a big step up to get into. This creates problems for people with limited mobility. The shower door is a glass and half the length of the tub. I did like the mirror which had a little heating element so that there was a section that never fogged up. . For me the major positive about this hotel is the location. It is about a 5 minute walk to Waterloo Station which connects to several lines and allows easy access to most of London. You can also walk across the Westminster Bridge to that tube stop which is right by Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and Parliament. The hotel is very close to the London Eye, London Aquarium and Thames River cruises. There are several restaurants close by as well as an ATM. Overall I felt the negatives outweighed the positives of this hotel and would not stay there on future trips to London.	
Aug 20 2008 	Near Big Ben and Parliament	We stayed here the first two nights of our tour of the UK and Ireland and then our last night. The room was a little small, but of a good quality. We had to push the two twin beds together, which was done easily enough. Twin beds seem to be standard in Europe. The bathroom was fine, but I don't care for the style of shower that doesn't have a shower curtain or door that contains the water within the shower. I've never understood that. The tub was difficult to get into; it's a really big step up for a short person like me, and if you're disabled, forget it. Breakfast was included in the price of the hotel; it was a good, typical &quot;English&quot; breakfast, which isn't all that different from an American breakfast. The hotel's location is right over the bridge to the London Eye, a museum, Big Ben, Parliament, and Westminster Abbey. It's also conveniently located close to a couple of tube stations. I've seen other reviews that complained about the room temperature, but we didn't have that problem. Also, there's major construction going on across the street, but we didn't hear any noise. All in all, I thought it was a great stay!	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Location great Staff great amenities	Made our reservations back before the hotel was open. Had been keeping an eye on the reviews since then. I have to say I was quite impressed.First, all I can say is, &quot;location, location, location.&quot; The location of this hotel is AWESOME. You are about a 3 min. walk to the Waterloo Underground which connects to several lines allowing easy access to most of London. It is literally across the street from the London Eye, aquarium and riverboat cruise access. Across the bridge from Big Ben and Westminster Abbey. We could actually see Big Ben from our room!Second, the rooms are well appointed. Not all hotels in London can accommodate 3 adults in a room, this one could. While not large, there was plenty of room, the bathroom was quite spacious and the beds were VERY comfortable (even the foldout couch was comfortable) and the bathroom was modern. It was cool walking into the room and having the main bed right there, a small hallway with plenty of lighting (kitchenette on the left, bathroom on the right) and opening into a living room with foldout couch, desk area and extra seating.Third, the staff was very accommodating. The first night we had challenges with the temperature in our room. The staff did everything they could to accommodate us, the manager personally went to the main temperature controls and lowered it, and provided an oscillating fan when the air conditioner just wasn't doing the trick. The next day they offered to move us, but we asked that their engineer look at it one last time. When we got back that night, it was significantly cooler.The hotel also has an executive package you can add on for 15 pounds per person/per night, that includes breakfast, dinner drinks and free internet access, well worth the cost.The one thing I would recommend is to ask to be on the 13th floor if possible. As others have commented on, the elevators are quite small and can get rather crowded. There were times when we went to the executive lounge on the 2nd floor where we had to wait for several elevators before one came that had room.Again, I would strongly recommend this hotel. You get quite a bit for your money.	
Aug 15 2008 	Very Nice hotel - Staff very helpful as well	This was a really nice apartment hotel. We got upgraded to the executive floor on arrival which was really good.We took two rooms as there were 8 of us, 4 adults and 4kids and this was more that sufficient as they had really good sofa beds..Not your normal 'spring poking in your back' type ones.View from our window was unfortunately of a construction site across the road, however to the side you could see the houses of Parliament. It didn't matter too much as we were out and about most of the time anyway.The kitchenette was really useful for heating (microwave) up milk for our 20month old and even for midnight snacks..The London eye only 2mins walk away, along with the duck tours and the area is full of restaurants and things to see. There is a small supermarket near by if you need to get essentials.The lifts are slow on the hotel like other people have said, but is not a problem if you have a room on the top or the bottom floors which I suppose rules out most people.We would recommend this to anyone. However get in there quick as this is a new hotel and prices are reasonable. We did a similar thing with the River Park plaza when it opened, and now prices are almost two and a half times since when we first went.	
Aug 14 2008	US-like room but weak A/C	Just got back from 6 nights with my wife and teenage daughter and couldn't have been more pleased. The studio suite we had($130/night) was as nice as any room I've stayed in in the US - with sleek decor - two flat screens, lots of wardrobe space/drawers and a beautiful bathroom. Every inch of its relatively tight space was nicely used.Despite the once less-desirable south-of-the-Thames location - it really was a nice location for our London excursions. It was just a 5 minute walk or so walk down the street to the Waterloo tube and probably 7-10 lovely minutes across the Westminster Bridge to that tube stop. Thought the hotel sits by itself - with no immediately visible restaurant/grocery amenities next to it, there are probably a half dozen nearly new restaurants - from Subway to Starbucks to Yo! Sushi within a 2-3 minute walk across the street (on the back side of office buildings you can't see from the hotel) - as well as a convenience store/small grocery (w/ATM). Go another 2 minutes for a McDonald's in the County Hall complex on the Thames river walk. Probably 7 minutes away from hotel, along the Thames at the South Bank Centre complex, past the London Eye, are another 8-10 great-looking sitdown eateries of all types - including the tasty Giraffe (great for families), Latin and Asian places - and our favorite restaurant of the trip - the Wagamama noodle bar. These restaurants were full of professionals and theater/concert goers during our visits. Great place. Hotel overall is beautiful and unlike anything else I've seen in London. Very U.S.-like - so don't stay here if you're looking for a quaint old hotel with UK character. Internet access was a relatively cheap $4 or so an hour (you buy cards with scratch-off codes at the front desk... They didn't have 1 hour cards - so gave me 4 hour cards for the same price!)Despite comments of others, we had no real issues getting elevators (there are only 3) despite spending 6 days there. Once only, we descended the nice stairs (great view outside) 5 floors to the lobby due to overcrowded elevators going down. All other elevator uses were without issue.If you truly want to be in the thick of things - shops, restaurants and tube stops 1 minute away - then pick Leicester Sqare or Oxford Street, etc... Otherwise, pick a place like the Park Plaza - which has deceptively convenient amenities and services nearby if you just do a little detective work when you get there.Only negatives... The A/C system was weak, weak, weak and the temperature adjustment knob was as imprecise as a knob of a kid's toy... No temp markings - just turned it left or right... Had it been much hotter than 70 F outside - which it was all week - it might have been extra hot in the room - but we just got by at that temp. No perceptible air movement - and only works when you have a room key in a slot - which they happily take out of the slot if you leave room with system in use (which anyone would want to to try to get a headstart on cooling room when you return at end of day). Whether Euro folks like A/C or not - the cooling system is unacceptable by any reasonable standards... - even terribly relaxed ones...Also - a sort-of negative - the shower door is a pretty one - but a a giant glass one, too - without any sort of major metal supports or door guards (they were going for a clean look) -.. and we feared, all week, that we or our 12 year old would make one false move - and the entire thing would break into a million little glass pieces if we just tapped it wrong or we didn't enter the shower &quot;just so&quot;	
Aug 13 2008	not what I visioned	first, we asked for a room with a view. Since we were checking in after a very long flight and ride to the hotel (14 or so hours) we were exhausted. Our &quot;view was opening a curtian to see rooms on the other side&quot;,no outside at all. We were just too exhausted to go down and argue (blonde girl at desk) The room was tiny, the bathtub very high and inpossible to get in and out of. There was one tiny bottle of shampoo and one of conditioner for two women with very long hair. There was no storage space.The internet-did not work. The lifts were on the slow side and the breakfast was just -ok. The Air conditioner was great-so they must have fixed it! It actually was very cold!I paid nine pounds for one martini at the bar!On the other hand it is close to the Eye, Big Ben and walking distnace to almost all of the attractions. When I go to London again, I probably will look for another hotel. It had no wow factor at all.	
Aug 13 2008	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It does cater to tour groups because we had just completed a 12 day cruise through the Baltic's, and this is where the travel agent assigned us. The hotel is a very busy hotel, a nice buffet breakfast was offered each day (and was included with the room). The hotel is in a great location, a short walk to the London Eye &amp; Big Ben.The bed was a bit hard, and of course, there was those european showers (half glass doors??) so when you showered, half the water was left on the bathroom floor.Our room was on the 9th floor, and twice, the fire alarms went off, and no one advised anyone as to what was going on. Very strange.Overall, it was a nice place and very clean.	
Aug 13 2008	A very stunning hotel with views i will never forget.	I stayed at the hotel with my girlfriend for her birthday and it really was worth it. We booked an executive suite which we were very pleased about! as you get into the hotel the first thing you notice is the funky looking bar and the very helpful staff. all very friendly and willing to do anything to make your stay as good as possible. we were then up graded to a penthouse suite which had amazing views over london. views that i will never forget for the rest of my life. everything was clean and very stylish, something a young couple love. the rooms were so bright from the huge windows and has left a very good taste about city hotels in london. if your looking for somewhere to stay then trust me...stay here! its worth it! this hotel is somewhere we would stay again! close to everything you need and the most helpful staff someone could ask for.	
Aug 12 2008	Great Hotel	I stayed here in April it was a nice hotel difinately stay here again. I had a studio room with view of the Waterloo train station. Staff were good especially after long flight from Australia. The Sofa bed was promptly made upon request. Had free continental breakfast. This consisted of Yoghurt, Cheese, Salmon, Cereal, Muffins, Juice, the usual things. It was a nice room to come back to after sightseeing in freezing london and getting over jetlag. Studio room has a Queen size bed in separate bedroom area with own flat screen TV in it . Then a middle area with Bathroom on one side, and little Kitchenette on the other side. Bathroom is of good size and clean, it includes separate shower and bath. Excellent shower. The Kichenette included cups plates cutlery Microwave, Kettle. The next room is a lounge room with big Flat screen tv and a sofa which can be converted into a double bed. I slept on the sofa bed, and was very comfortable. On both TV's you have access to Internet and can view your Hotel Bill. The room and Hotel were very clean. It is very modern Hotel. Overall good hotel enjoyed stay and recommend it thoroughly to others.	
Aug 4 2008 	Nice stay great location	A brilliantly located pad for a city break. The staff were very helpful and upgraded us to a studio as our booked room was not ready. I guess it should have been at 2pm but anyway the staff dealt with the (potential) situation quickly and without fuss.We had a good view of county hall and the top of the eye and had an all round good time.Can't comment on the food as we didn't try any - the dining areas certainly looked pretty cool though.	
Aug 3 2008 	Good family hotel with central location	Booked a family room (2+2). The room was of good size, divided by the bathroom. One double sofabed with internet access (chargeable) and a flat screen tv. The other part had a double bed with another flat screen tv. The bathroom was very nice, with a bath and lovely shower.Continental breakfast was included, but we upgraded for £4 for the cooked-which was worthwhile.My only criticism is that in the morning it is very busy with everyone trying to get to breakfast and the lifts were very busy. We were on the nienth floor and it us a longtime to get the lift.However, it is so well located and for the price I would recommend it and definitely use again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Fantastic	Wow, a beautiful hotel! Getting a room to accomodate 3, especially in London, is not always easy. We booked an Executive Suite and were not dissapointed. Able to check-in early with no hassle and were given 13th floor with a city view. Very modern decor with beautiful flower arrangments everywhere. Room was quite spacious with double sofa bed &amp; another double bed with partition between, kitchenette, bathroom. &amp; 2 flat screen TV's with sky channels. We also had access to the executive lounge and automatically invited to drinks &amp; nibbles between 6 - 8pm &amp; breakfast served till 10.30am. Everything in there was help yourself &amp; it was brilliant. Staff very nice and helpful. 5 mins from Waterloo underground, 2 mins to London Eye &amp; 15mins to Trafalgar &amp; Leicester Square areas. Would definately go back.	
Jul 29 2008 	June stay	We stayed at this property for 3 nights the end of June before boarding our cruise ship for a 13 day cruise of the British Isles.This property was just opened in February after a rebuild. Lobby is on the street level with a small lounge and large restaurant. The bartender in the evening was a younger man 20ish who seemed to not like us Americans or was just not wanting to serve us as we were the only guests seated at the bar. There are a few outside tables under a overhang outside seating. We only ate breakfast twice here as was pricy and the staff had some communication barriers. The conceriege was busy up to his eyeballs and you felt like you were taking up his precious time when asking him for his services. The room was QUIET eventhough we were on the 6th floor across from some major high rise construction. We had a queen bed in the first room, then a galley kitchenette with a sliding glass door to the bathroom across from the kitchenette, then a sitting room with desk and pull out sofabed. There is not a pool or hot tub which would have made it. We were only 2 blocks from the Thames and the London Eye.	
Jul 26 2008 	Excellent value awesome location	We stayed at this property for one night before heading to Dover for a cruise. The staff was excellent and allowed us to check in at 7 AM which allowed us to shower and change clothes after being on a plane overnight. The room was quite large and nice and cool. There were lots of Spa amenities like lotion, shampoo and conditioner. The mini-kitchen was fully stocked with tea and coffee though the hot water pot was broken. The view was great. I opened the curtains to be greeted by the London Eye, Big Ben and Parliment. WOW! It was also less than a block's walk to the river front and the eye. It was a bonus that there is a ho-ho bus stop right around the corner so we were able to grab the first bus of the day and maximize our sight-seeing time.When we returned after a long day of sight-seeing we were greeted by a glass of wine from the desk manager. We went to our room and ordered room service and it was delivered in less than 15 minutes.Breakfast the next morning was included in our rate and it was ok...nothing too exciting but for free I'm not too picky.All in all this was an excellent value for the money (1/3 the cost of the Marriott County Hall and half a block away) and I would stay here again when in London.	
Jul 21 2008 	studio room felt more like a caravan than a four star hotel	Looks a lot better than it actually is,dont be fooled by the smart modern appearance.If you are a family of four stay somewhere else.we stayed 3 nights and for 2 of them the studio beds had not been made up even after several requests-- but more to the point the staff didnt seem to care.The air conditioning seems to leave the rooms stuffy and the bar freezing.The view from our room was not expected to be great since we did not pay extra for the river aspect ,the roof of waterloo station and its rubbish tip however left a lot to be desired.The sink in the bathroom smelt like a sewer,and the lifts are slow.First time in a park plaza --- and the last.	
Jul 8 2008 	Not County Hall Poor Service Awful View - nice breakfast tho!	Ok so where do I start?!First of all, although this hotel is called Park Plaza County Hall, its nowhere near the river and is not part of the County Hall complex (thats the Marriot!). This place should actually be called Park Plaza Waterloo. We booked a river view room, when we actually checked in we were told none were available because of the building work that is going on over the road (note: when that building is complete there really will be no river view rooms!). After much arguing we were checked into a show room on the 12th floor which apparently did have a river view. This being a show room had predictable issues, taps were poorly fitted, things were falling off the wall, etc and did have a river view, if you looked really hard between county hall and the houses of parliament you could see a trickle of water!! If you go for a non river view room you will be looking at waterloo station, which is pretty nasty to be honest, unless you like watching noisy trains and &quot;working&quot; girls. The staff in the hotel were pretty mixed, some were helpful most were just too busy or uninterested to do a decent job. Example: I leave my bags with the concierge, he gives me a receipt and then leaves my bags in the foyer as he walks off outside to talk to his colleague.. I later asked the manager who would have paid if my bags were stolen, she was lost for words. The only saving grace is the breakfast which you can have delivered to your room, this really was superb! This hotel is a pretty regular park plaza, so the decor is of high quality and there is a good ambiance, but the service is poor and name is very very misleading!!!	
Jul 7 2008 	can be good just not yet	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. We were there from June 24 until July 3rd. The hotel was busy. I think they must cater to big tour groups b/c I saw many tour buses dropping/picking up people from there. To me, that's a negative. Unlike the tour groups who are there for a day or two, we were there for 10 days so we wanted a nice quiet room with a good view to call it a home while visiting London. It was a struggle getting that. We did finally manage to get a room with a view but had to listen to the elevator's ding dong, doorbell sound every time someone got on/off the elevator. The beds are HARD! I like firm beds, but the bed was so hard my body parts got numb. The biggest concern with this hotel and I know it's relatively new, but they need to work on customer service issues. When we changed rooms, I accidentally left a couple of things in the original room and when I called to retrieve it, the person on the other side of the phone told me they were too busy to do anything about it. So I never got my things back. Over it, things are replaceable. Another issue, while most rooms have a wine opener in the rooms, ours didn't. I called room service which they said they'd be right up. I patiently waited for over 30 minutes before calling back. They told me someone was on the way. I said, great, thanks. Waited another 15 minutes, not so patiently anymore. Asked to speak to a room service manager and the person on the phone told me he is the manager. The same man I had been speaking to the whole time! He gave me some story about the hotel running out of wine openers. Please, run out of wine openers?! When someone finally came with an opener, she offered to open the wine for me b/c she had to take the opener back. What??? Needless to say, she left w/o the opener. And for some odd reason, they don't put wash cloths in the rooms. So I called and had some delivered. Thanked and tipped them. The very next day, wash cloths are gone and not replaced, even the one that was never used. Have no idea what that's about. There are some redeeming qualities. The location is terrific, easy to get around. The rooms are clean and roomy. The set-up is a little strange but roomy. The bar lounge is nice with good drinks and friendly staff. Never ate there so I have no opinion regarding their restaurant. Looks nice though. I suppose for a short stay and never needing anything from the hotel or need to speak to anyone, the hotel would be fine. So I guess if you're with a tour group, I'd recommend it. Other wise, look elsewhere. Particularly since the rooms were almost $400 a night on an average. Our first nights rate was over $500 and never got below $300 during our 10 days.	
Jul 7 2008 	Excellent Facility with Few Drawbacks	The Park Plaza was an excellent choice for our group of 8. Each of us had an terrific and modern room with great amenities (microwave, minibar fridge, safe, ironing board, hair dryer). The location was just superb!!! We were just across Westminster Bridge from the Abbey, Parliament, etc. and just down the street from the Eye. Two tube stops (Waterloo and Westminster) were within easy walking distance, though I thought it was easier access to Westminster.There were all kinds of restaurants around the hotel and some very hot-looking night spots, though we didn't venture into any.The hotel restaurant had good food and we were able to get a wide selection of alcohals from the bar.Overall, the the hotel was above average with the only problem being a lot of the staff were from foreign countries and did not have complete control of the English language. This led to some minor communication problems.	
Jul 6 2008 	nice and comfortable	we just returned from a 5 day visit to London. we stayed at the park plaza county hall hotel. i was uncertain upon our arrival as to what experience we would have based on other reviews of this hotel. i was pleasantly surprised. it is a very nice 4 star hotel. i would stay there again and the price (which we booked thru expedia) was very reasonable. when we finally got to the hotel, our room was not ready however they did keep our luggage so we could start right away on touring. the hotel is close to two tube stations - westminster and waterloo. we preferred westminster because to get too the tube you have to walk across the bridge and the view of the water, big ben, parliment and the eye are always beautiful to look at. When we finally got to our room it was on the first floor. our view was horrible yet we could see outside for the weather. honestly, we were only in the room to sleep so this did not bother us. the good thing about being on the first floor was that it was never long to wait for the lifts. because our room was away from the lift, the noise level was quiet. upon entering the room, the TV was on and had a welcome posted on it. the room was very clean and they had the couch all set up for the kids to sleep on. it was nice that the beds were in two different areas as it offerred my husband and i some privacy. i thought it woudl have been better to have the bed in the window area and the couch closer to the door. but it was fine. the bathroom was okay but like previous writers it was noisy. you could always here any water draining which didn't keep me from sleeping though. the door to the bathroom is frosted and slides open yet the shower door is clear... they both should be frosted if you ask me. but it all worked fine. i liked that the one mirror had a little heating element so that section never fogged up. the beds were fine for us and i liked the pillows. now someone previously mentioned how hot the rooms were. we found that if you left one of the room keys in the slot and just turned your lights out and shut the cutains, our room was very comfortable. the room key keeps the AC on while you are out. i think that is what mistake others might have made. or we just got lucky. we never ate at the hotel as i think it was way overpriced as was everything over in london as the dollar stinks over there. the front desk people and the conceirge were all very pleasant and nice to deal with. they were very informative. oh, the room had a little kitchentte. the refigerate was never cold but ice machine were on every floor. there was a coffee pot, microwave and dishes. Knowing this going over, i packed lots of bottled water in our suitcases along with breakfast foods and microwave popcorn for those late night munchies. it helped save money as i have mentioned everything is so expensive over there. i would stay there again. i hope this helps others.	
Jun 23 2008 	Superb Hotel	Stayed 20 &amp; 21st June 2008I have read reviews on this hotel and they seemed mixed so heres mine to add to them!I found the check in desk good in particular Jo Greene who was soooo helpful. The room was super..we have stayed in other hotels in the city which are 5 star but we felt in those hotels you pay for the name but get a small room. Our room in the Park Plaza was on the 13th Floor and overlooked Waterloo station which sounds boring but it was good to watch the trains coming and going and to be high enough to miss the noise. We could also see Canary Wharf and St Pauls along the sky line.The microwave was a super idea and the fridge...we bought croissants the night before and heated them next morning as we are not big breakfast eaters.This hotel is definately well worth a visit the price is good and the rooms clean and with lots of gadgets. As for other peoples comment about the bathroom door..... we didnt have a problem we just thougt it was trendy!Well Done Park Plaza and Jo Greene!	
Jun 20 2008 	Clean and New AND Bad Climate Control and Odd Bathroom	I was with this hotel because it was one of a list of hotels I could choose with my Trafalgar Tours package. I thought there were great things about the hotel as well as a few drawbacks. The dining area, lobby, and rooms were VERY neat and VERY clean. People could be observed washing windows, wiping tables, and touching up the rooms on a daily basis. Nothing felt used or dirty. This may be due to the fact that it recently opened.I was a little surprised when I arrived at how small the room was due to the photos I had seen on this site. Trafalgar Tours evidently gets THE smallest accommodation. So, ask if you are being booked with a company. One thing that was odd about the bathroom was that the door was a frosted glass and the door on the shower was clear glass. This was HORRIBLE for two people rooming together. I had to use the restroom and shower with the lights off for privacy. My main problem with the room was the air conditioning. The room had a knob that could be turned to adjust the air. At first, I thought it was broken and reported it three times in one night. They said someone was on their way and they never came. The next day, they said they fixed it and it was a hotel problem. After being in the hotel a few days, it got better, but wasn't the most ideal. I think they must have tweaked something and the weather got cooler outside. I also think the main culprit was that the hotel has a set climate for all rooms. You have a limited window in how much you can alter the room's temperature with the room knob. Based on the age of the hotel and the price of the room, this shocked me. If someone is hot natured or can't stand any stuffy areas, this might present a big problem. If you are looking for a hotel with a nice full breakfast, this is it. It had everything from eggs to fruit. My tour only provided the cold items, but those who had the full breakfast had a great dining experience. Mine with the cold items was good too. The decor and items were fine.The hotel is within walking distance to the Waterloo Underground. It's about a five minute walk. I have been in London before with better access. So, you can get hotels that are closer. Two members of staff who handled questions at the front desk about London, directions, etc. were wonderful. I really liked them. Great guys! Those booking rooms weren't rude, but they weren't the ideal in customer service. They were 'doing their jobs.'I would stay in the hotel again, but might look into another one. The climate control is what tipped the scales for me to consider other hotels. Too bad because they put a lot of time into making the 'look' and dining wonderful. Why skimp on climate control? Very odd!	
Jun 20 2008 	Another good Park Plaza hotel	Despite my alias as &quot;The Paying Punter&quot; this visit was a freebie, so you might want to take that into account.Using Park Plaza loyalty points I booked into this one because it was handy for Waterloo station.Whilst the location is rather heavy with motor traffic, stepping into the hotel was a haven of peace.Staff were very friendly without being in your face.My freebie was in a modern executive suite, consisting of a bedroom, (not large but not cramped either), a small lounge, a sleek little kitchenette and a bathroom with separate bath and shower.The kitchenette had a very welcome Nespresso machine and a selection of pods rather than the usual dreadful instant coffee packets. The minibar had a nice separate section for your own stash.Flat-screen TVs in both bedroom and lounge.There was a welcome tray in the lounge consisting of soft fruits, jars of snacks and both still and sparkling water.Part of the executive deal is to partake of canapes in the exec.lounge on the 2nd floor between 18:00 and 20:00 and to breakfast in there instead of with the hoi-polloi.Personally, I think I'd rather have joined the hoi-polloi than eat amid the throng of noisy kids that were in the exec.lounge.But, hey, that's weekend clientele rather than the hotel.Breakfast was the whole gamut of continental through to full-English ... i.e. muesli, seeds, dried fruits, fresh fruit, cereals, pastries, croissants, cooked meats, cheeses, breads, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, tomato, mushrooms, juices, tea, coffee etc etc.The exec lounge has a rooftop area (not much of a view) where smokers can take their breakfast outside when the weather permits. This is another purpose-built, luxurious modern hotel with very up-to-date decor in a very handy location about 3 min walk from Westminster Bridge and I'd definitely use it again, except that I prefer the more spacious Riverside branch of the same chain not far away on Albert Embankment.	
Jun 18 2008 	Modern hotel central for attractions.	We have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel.Overall a very positive experience,and we would return. We had a studio apartment looking out over the London Eye.Clean and presentable room,no complaints about housekeeping.The food in the breakfast area was fine,and of good quality,staff attentive. The only faults I can mention relating to this hotel are two:1) Whilst it's location is ideal for many London attractions,it is situated on the less-ideal side of the River Thames.The Waterloo area is grubby and needs a good makeover.2)When checking in,ask not to have a room next to the lifts(elevators)-they make a very irritating door-bell-like noise which you can hear from inside the room if you are close-by. -ok during the daytime,but was disturbing for me at night,as I was the one who slept closest to the door! I suggested to the management that maybe they could look into switching the sound off at night between 23.00 and 7,say.Thay seemed genuinely unaware of the problem.At £200 a night for four of us including b/fast,it was expensive,but on a par with other accommodations in central London.	
Jun 15 2008 	Truly grim experience at this hotel	I stayed at this hotel for work, with the room cost being picked up by the organisers of a conference I was speaking at. The hotel took my debit card details for extras.Firstly, I got into the room, and it was like a sauna. The air con was not working, it was probably the hottest day of the year so far, and the room has floor to ceiling glass windows. I rang reception, told them the problem, they said somone would be up to fix it shortly.15 minutes later when noone had arrived, I rang again. This time I was told that the air con in the entire hotel was broken and had been for some time. They said it was on the verge of being fixed. I asked why noone had told me this in the first place, but was met with just a &quot;sorry&quot;.15 minutes later it was still not on, I rang again, they said it was fixed but would take some time to come on in the room.I then went out for a while, on returning about 2 hours later, it was still not working. I rang down again, they said that it was working and they didnt know why it wasn't working in my room. I asked for a fan, they said they had none. I asked to change rooms, they said it was the same in all the rooms.I then tried to call the concierge to book a massage (in an attempt to get out of the sauna that was my room). No reply. I then tried the spa direct number. No reply. I eventually got hold of the concierge who said the spa was shut.I ordered room service. Nothing complex, just nachos - the menu said it came with salsa, sour cream and guacamole. The order arrived, just a few nachos with melted cheese on the top - no salsa, no sour cream, no guacamole. I rang down to room service, they said they would send the missing things up. No apology was forthcoming.Now, to add insult to injury, it is a few days after I stayed at this hotel, and I have just checked my bank statement to find that the hotel has not only charged me for the extras, which is fine, I signed for them, but also the room, which I most definitely did not sign for and which (as is clearly marked on my invoice) is payable by the conference organisers. I've just rung the hotel and all they can do is &quot;investigate&quot; tomorrow - no apology. I will be making a formal complaint to the hotel, but in the meantime, thought I would vent my frustration on this site. Do not stay in this hotel, their service is apalling, the air con doesn't work, and they can't even get the billing right.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great hotel in great location	Excellent hotel. Great location for all tourist sites. Brand new. Got upgraded to a junior suite on check in which was brilliant. Beautiful room overlooking London Eye. Bathroom was fab. Absolutely no complaints. Would definitley recommend staying here.	
Jun 9 2008 	It's a serviced apartment not really a hotel	The County Hall is, truth be known, a gem. It's just not really a hotel. So, on entering, you'll find a disinterested front desk looking rather surly. Allessandra, in particular, has a sour expression and unfortunate tone of voice that implies you're not worth a jot of her time. Which is a shame, she's probably a lovely girl. Once you've got past this...and have stopped looking for the faults in the lift service (come on guys...you can wait 5 minutes...don't be so impatient) you'll enter a rather plush world. The beauty of this 'hotel' is that it gives you space. Loads of it. Your bedroom section is at the front and near the door. It has a giant wardrobe, free hanging hangers and a loose, yes loose hairdryer! It's lovely to be trusted not to steal! A small kitchenette separates the bedroom from your lounge - flooded with light and spacious. Kids even get a full double pullout here, offering mum and dad privacy. 2 LCD TV's offer a great range of entertainment throughout with music on demand. The furnishings are of a really good quality. The bathroom door may cause some embarrassment if you are not with a partner - they're frosted glass. The shower is darned good, though it did sound like we had a pet camel in there with us - the drainage was randomly noisy and brayed at us during the night. The facilities in your little kitchen are pretty good - nice microwave, little fridge not related to mini-bar and loads of storage. It would be good to have a teatowel and a bin though. In summary - if you're independent...like high quality furnishings (the bed is firm...not a concrete slab incidentally..again a little too pampered?) ... a fabulous location with instant access to the South Bank and don't care that you've got fairly ordinary toiletries, and non-existent service you will LOVE IT HERE. If not - choose a traditional hotel. This simply isn't one. Oh and it's only £100 on lastminute...not bad eh?	
Jun 8 2008 	Not A Walk In The Park	The absolute worst hotel experience in years.As background I spend as much as twentynights a month on the road. I decided to stay at the new Park Plaza County Hall in London due to a few factors. 1)An early AM meeting the next day2)Proximity to the meeting location3)The need to evaluate the property for a potential future large group (250 or so rooms needed) event4)A rather pleasant stay some months back at their sister property not far away.5)My corporate apartment would not be ready until the next dayWhat a mistake. The only thing that went smooth was the check-in process and the nice upgrade from a regular room to a one bedroom suite which is a two room box with a kitchette in the middle.Here were the issues1)The Internet in the room was not working using the wired connection. The service company could not provide a solution as I use a Mac Book and they are not Mac oriented.2)The hotel was out of wireless vouchers. I had to beg the service company to provide me MAC address access, which they eventually did, and charged me for.3)The Internet speeds were less than 30k down and 10 k up. Emails took two minutes or more to send each. The service company told me they had an 8 meg DSL line download and 1.5 upload for a 400 room hotel. Given current take rates at 50% for Internet use even at a 25 percent load that would be 80k max down load and 15 k per person upload...Call it no better than dial up. The next morning I was told a router had been replaced the week before (I arrived on Wednesday). Why was it still not fixed?4)The phone by the bed did not work. To answer a wake up call meant going to the next room.5)Cell service in the sleeping area did not work. That meant going into the living room area to make or receive calls. Not good for a person like me who relies on being reached and able to make calls.6)The morning of my departure two of the three main elevators and at least one of the other two tower elevators were down. I was told by the Managing Director a part was on order.7) Room noise for light sleepers is not good as you can hear hallway noise in the bedroom area which is just by the doorway,This hotel is so mismanaged operationally that the weak excuse of “we just opened” but really that was February.Sorry, but for a business traveler, this is not the place to saty.	
Jun 7 2008 	Above average hotel near waterloo	I have just returned from a mid week stay at this hotel for business. It is a very convenient 5 minute walk from Waterloo Station, which was ideal for me. The room was great with views of County Hall and the London Eye - I would imagine that it would not be so great staying at the front of the hotel, which overlooks an area where there is a large building project. My room had a small kitchen area, complete with microwave and refrigerator and good quality cutlery. The breakfast was buffet style with a good selection. Usual problem with london hotels is the wait for the lift in the morning, but there are additional guest lifts near the stairs, which I found much quicker. The staff were all very friendly and seemed eager to please and efficient. Overall a very positive experience and I will definitely stay again	
Jun 7 2008 	Not A 4 Star Hotel!	In my opinion, this location IS NOT a 4 star hotel. As others have indicated, we also encountered a very hard bed (like plywood) and the lack of a/c. Our room stayed around 80 degress even after reporting to the front desk. The toiletries (soap &amp; shampoo) were very limited and lower quality, had to ask for additional from the front desk!. Staff seemd to have a laid back attitude, not very receptive to our needs or issues we had with the hotel. The design of the bathroom was quite unusual -completely open room with no seperation from the shower (we did not have a bathtub) water sprayed everywhere!. Our reservation was for a &quot;regular room&quot;. We were assigned a room with a view of the inside of the hotel. The room also overlooked the hallway to other rooms. Because of the design, other guests could see directly into our room as they were walking down the hall. Shut the curtains = very dark and HOT room! So much for requesting a room with a view of the river! AGAIN, THIS IS NOT A 4 STAR HOTEL. Loved London, but would NOT stay here again.	
Jun 6 2008 	Debited Credit Card Twice (as did Plaza Riverbank 4 weeks earlier) !!!!	Stayed at Park Plaza Riverbank 4 weeks ago; not that good BUT credit card debited TWICE; found out days later.Stayed at Park Plaza County Hall 4 June; they debited my card TWICE also, even after I told them what had happened at other hotel and manager stood beside me on check-out assuring me that I would not be charged twice.This is now with my company travel manager and I have spoken with Trading Standards (local council) and such a practice is not appreciated by them.Hotel itself is new with very nice, excellent sized and equipped rooms BUT it is still in &quot;shakedown&quot; with many problems.No air conditioning in many rooms; stifling. No safe in room; one was fitted, didn't open in morning making me late for business meeting. Very very noisy in room due to banging doors in corridor and loud bells in lift. Only one out of three main lifts working in morning. Breakfast appalling; worst ever in London; poor choice; toast not toasted; coffee cold; orange juice warm.	
Jun 2 2008 	Hotel ok but has a couple of issues	Ok, just got back from 3 nights at this hotel. We had a &quot;studio&quot; room which was very modern, especially the bathroom. But, the problem with the room was the extremely hard bed! The bed was a mattress on top of a platform and did not have a mattress pad. My back hurt very badly due to hard bed. Second problem was air conditioner would not get cold. We called to report problem, and after second call they finally sent someone up who left saying that he could control it from main computer and would set it to 70 degrees but it never got more than about 80 degrees in the room. The elevators were slow but we found an elevator in the back that was never used and therefore we didn't have to deal with the slow elevators. Otherwise, room size for London was great. Staff was very pleasant. Not too many choices in restaurants within walking distance. View of construction site was depressing.	
May 30 2008 	Incompetence	Stayed in this brand new well appointed hotel. Bath didn't work. Informed reception twice during a 2 day stay. It was never fixed. Minibar was locked and couldn't be opened by spendthrift girlfriend. Despite psoting do not disturb we were woken 3 times on Saturday morning. Once to give us a menu for the minibar which we couldn' t open!We used the express checkout but the receipt i received was incorrect. Despite 4 letters to the hotel subsequently they have sent us 3 further incorrect receipts!!!Moral of the story, lovely hotel, however, don't expect a lie in, bath, drink or correct paperwork!. Manager informed us in a letter that it was a bit much to expect bath to work!	
May 23 2008 	Good potential minor problems need to be resolved	Fairly swift check-in followed by ten minute wait for a lift to my room on the 9th floor. Room (a studio) very spacious with seperate sitting area, kitchenette and large bathroom. Arrived very late so tried to grab a cold drink from the minbar to discover it was jammed shut. Reported the problem straight away, but it still had not be fixed when I left two days later. On my second night the fire alarm sounded at 4AM, 6AM and 6:10AM - not amused as apparently these false alarms are frequent (indeed it had gone off earlier the previous evening) Service in the bar was good, and the room service breakfasts excellent. The wait for a lift in the morning averaged 15 minutes - they seem to have pressed some service elevators into use to try and relieve this problem.Overall this hotel has great potential but they need to sort out some minor service issues and the fire alarm system!	
May 17 2008 	Good hotel but for minor issues...	I really liked this hotel with its modern decor, and would have given it five if it wasnt for a few minor issues.The hotel is new, very close to London Waterloo, and was chosen due to its location as I was here on business close by. For tourists, however, it is close to the London Eye and the South Bank Centre as well as Royal Festival Hall.The few minor issues included having to change room three times when I first checked in as I didnt like the first twin room, where two single beds were put together, didnt like the alternative offered which was the size of shoe box and looked out on a basement, and was eventually upgraded for tfree to what I think was a studio which included a sitting area, and a mini kitchette. I really liked this room especially the music on demand within the television entertainment unit. The other big issue was, however, the fact that when the lifts did work, and that wasnt aways, they were exceedingly slow, in fact too slow.The hotel was exceptionally clean, all the staff were helpful, didnt eat in the hotel other than breakfast which was fine. The hotel also has leisure facilities which again I didnt have time to enjoy so I cannot comment on what they were like.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
May 17 2008 	Good rooms : not so good public areas	Stayed here on business recently. Room was good, not huge but with very neat little separate sitting and sleeping areas which would allow a person/child to sleep whilst other people watched tv/read etc. Also came with a dinky kitchen type area with, sink, kettle, microwave, plates, cutlery etc which would be ideal for bringing back a ready meal or preparing a cold snack if on holiday and wanting to reduce costs. Waterloo station with a good Marks and Spencer Food hall is a couple of minutes away.However the public and conference areas where nothing special at all albeit clean and new. Slow lifts, air conditoning needed to be ramped up a bit,	
May 10 2008 	High Rise	Stayed here for two nights recently and I could not warm to the hotel.It is very big,lots of glass so you are looking out on the building site across the road from both the bar and breakfast room.Reception staff are helpful and efficent, breakfast room staff not so helpful .The breakfast was poor by comparison with any of the dozen or so other London Hotels I stayed in .The room was small and the A/C poor too.	
Apr 29 2008 	great location staff	just got back april 27th 2008.the hotel has a great location to the undergroundand ,parliament square as well as the london eye. the breakfast staff was fanastic as was the helpful doormen marc and gary. breakfast had a nice variety. the rooms are clean and well kept. the only bad thing was the rooms are quite warm, the a/c is not the best. had to change rooms due to the heat of my 1st room. they upgraded us to a higher floor where the a/c was better. the view of the room faced the thames including the london eye, parliament , and big ben. the staff couldnt have been nicer. i would DEFINITELY return.	
Apr 28 2008 	Very good hotel in city center location	I have just returned from a weekend break in London and here is what I can say about Park Plaza County Hall:My mum and I have arrived at London Euston railway station at 12pm and got to the hotel by underground around 25 minutes later-the nearest tube station is Lambeth North,around 5 minutes walk from the hotel. We were checked in right away,even though you're suppose to wait until 14pm The room was on the 12th floor-we had booked a twin one,it was certainly spacious for London standards,with little kitchenette in the hall,equipped with microwave,kettle,dishes,washing up liquid,kitchen towel,wine and water glasses,ice bucket (ice is available from machines placed in the corridor) and also ironing board and iron.The bathroom had a bath and a shower,toiletries were quite good quality.We had a view over the Waterloo station and you could also see the Houses of Parliament. Don't come near the window if you suffer from vertigo though! Oh,just one more thing-the window covers the whole one wall.You have to be patient with the lifts,the hotel has 398 rooms so you always have to wait few minutes as there are only 3 lifts available plus one broke down on the first day.We had breakfast included in our room rate,it was served in the Spectrum restaurant,was suppose to be 'English breakfast' but the choice was much wider and you could have both Continental and English. Nice pastries,juices,fruits and much more. Self service=eat to your heart content. Previous reviews about hordes of people queuing up for breakfast a bit exaggerated in my opinion-if you have diva demands stay at the Ritz. This is a middle class 4 star hotel.Staff very helpful and polite. When rang up housekeeping to ask for extra tea&amp;coffee got them within 5 minutes.Location-on the doorstep of the London Eye. Will go back.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good Location Modern Hotel	The Park Plaza Hotel County Hall is located behind the Marriott County Hall Hotel (and it's cheaper - we paid £118 room only per night) and is a stone's throw from the London Eye, the South Bank and the Old Vic Theatre and seeing as we wanted to sample all three of these attractions, it was ideal. It's also right next to Waterloo Station so is brilliant for quick tube connections.On arrival we were given directions to a reasonably priced car park (for London) £18.50 per 24 hours. It was conveniently close and secure.The Hotel itself is very new and we were given an upgrade from a Superior Double Room to a Studio as there wasn't a double room available at the time. The Studio was room 722 on the 7th Floor and the front door overlooked the main atrium - so if you don't like heights - don't look over the balcony as vertigo can set in. Personally, I was fine with it and admired the atrium design. The restaurant is located at the bottom of the atrium, so I can imagine if you were on one of the lower floors then noise could be a problem but on the 7th floor upwards, it was very quiet. Also outside the front of the hotel is a building site, but again, as the studios have the bedrooms located on the atrium side and the double glazing is substantial, noise was not an issue. The studio was very contemporary and well equipped with a large shower and bath, a large, comfortable bed, a good sized living area, 2 tv's and a kitchenette comprising of fridge, microwave, sink and worktop. The hotel bar is a pleasant place to have a drink, but we didn't have breakfast or dinner so cannot comment on the hotel food. The staff are pleasant and helpful and I would definitely stay in this hotel again in the future.	
Apr 28 2008	Great Hotel a real treat for London!	If you want something a bit different for a stay in London then try the County Hall Park Plaza. We booked a standard room but were upgraded upon checkin to a Executive Studio Room - it was lovely - we had a separate living room and sleeping area - both had plasma tvs and we also had a kitchenette with sink, microwave, kettle, fridge and coffee maker. The decor was bang up to date and the view was superbI have stayed in a few hotels in London and this was by far the nicest one. It is only 2minutes walk from Waterloo station and you can see the London Eye from the hotel.Well worth a visit	
Apr 27 2008 	Mostly Very Good Experience	I made my reservation several months ago at a special promotional rate offered through Travelzoo.com. The offer included a full breakfast every morning, with a welcome drink on arrival and 20% discount in the hotel's Spectrum restaurant. I had notified them that we would be arriving quite late, and our check-in was smooth. I inquired about the drink and discount, and the clerk asked his manager about it. The manager claimed not to know anything about those features of the promotion, even though I pointed out to him that the confirmation email which detailed it came from the Park Plaza itself, not from Travelzoo. He said he would contact Travelzoo to find out more, but when asked about it later he said he never heard back from them. So, no drinks or food discount, but those were not deal-breakers (Ido wonder how hard he tried to contact them, however).I had some concerns because of cautionary reviews from earlier guests, but I think many of the problems mentioned have been worked on. Except for one morning and afternoon out of our eight-day stay, all three elevators were in good working order. The beds could be described as hard (I would call them firm) but since we prefer that (soft beds are murder on our backs) we slept quite well. Noise from the corridor was not a problem, but I usually sleep with earplugs when traveling so that undoubtably helped.The bathroom was great; a deep tub and separate stall shower and giant thick towels. The shelf holding the towels was at the appropriate height for a professional basketball player, which I am not, so I had to climb on the edge of the tub to reach them. The bathroom surfaces are all marble, white porcelain and chrome. I would say that if you are a fan of antiques and chintz, you will not enjoy this hotel. It's very design-driven, with a lot of mid-century modern type furniture -- all clean lines with no overstuffed armchairs in sight.The rooms had ample storage for a week's worth of clothes for a family of four (I also must mention that although the hotel will do your laundry for the expected high prices, they have self-service washers and dryers -- free of charge -- for guests' use; you just have to buy your own detergent, which is easy enough to do at the local stores) We also liked having the refrigerator and microwave in the kitchen area and space to store snacks.The breakfast buffet was unchanging, but there were enough items on offer that we didn't get bored and the food was pretty good. We didn't eat any other meals at the hotel so I can't comment on them.Aside from the unhelpful manager the first night, I found the reception staff to be very amenable and willing to offer assistance. Koby, Luke, and Gianluca were particularly gracious, although there were many other nice staffers whose names I didn't get.The hotel is in a terrific location -- minutes from Waterloo station and within easy walking distance to dozens of attractions. But if what you want is a cozy residential neighborhood, look elsewhere -- there are plenty of other choices for that.	
Apr 27 2008 	Nothing like it's siblings!	Thought I'd break the habit of a lifetime and actually write a review myself instead of just reading them.Booked this hotel a couple of months in advance and got a pretty good rate as it was brand new and maybe struggling to fill the rooms. I stayed there for one night last night and actually got upgraded, as I have done in the past with Park Plaza hotels when booking direct with their site.This hotel, from what I gather opened in Feb 08 but still has some massive teething problems. The staff range from the annoyingly over-enthusiastic to the frighteningly serious. What struck me first was that the lobby area is far too small for a hotel with 340 rooms and had odd pillars so that the 10 mins I spent queuing got really confusing and stressful - not helped by 'smiley greeting man' who repeatedly told everyone to have a great day when he would be better emplyed actually serving behind reception. The lifts are shocking; again only three for 300+ rooms - seemed to stop on every floor on the way up and down, no air conditioning in those. But those are just the little annoyances, we haven't got to the actual room yet!Firstly, mine was really really noisy - right next to the laundry store where 'towel-guy' thought it was fine to slam the door continually for about 4 hours at a rate of about 1 slam per 20 seconds - I was actually amazed that was even possible - but such was his dedication to keeping me from a mid morning nap. I also had an ice machine outside the door, and did I mention the lifts 'ping' really loudly. I've always wondered what the point of that was.Here's a feature you won't find in many hotels... hot and cold taps dispensing the exact same water - hot. Zero cold water available in either the kitchenette sink or the bathroom (which I'm sure breaks some law or other for a hotel). Maybe you're supposed to get some ice and wait for it to melt? I don't know.The air con was I think just a non-functional knob on the wall so when I woke up gasping with dehydration in the middle of the night I was forced to raid the minibar for a mini bottle of coke - then there was no bottle opener to be found. Since I'd already been charged the £2.50 for the 150ml bottle simply by picking it out of the fridge, I felt angry enough to prise it open with a key. Incidentally, the hotel added the 17.5% VAT to the charge for the coke, making it staggeringly more than £20 (or $40) per litre - is this a world record?The sofa (as mentioned by other reviewers was I think made of some type of softened concrete - the same kind they'd used for the bed. There were wires hanging all around the TV, internet connections, phone, lamps etc.I really geniunely like Park Plaza hotels, they're very clean, usually no-nonsense and efficient, but not this one. Despite looking forward to seeing it in it's new state.Sorry, but this gets a huge thumbs down from me, and it even prompted me to write this first review - I'll try to be more positive in future. But here's the thing with hotels, it's always the little elements that either make or break a stay. They really shouldn't open up new hotels unless they're trying hard to get those little things right. And quite frankly, if they're still not right after 4 months then they should close until things are patched up.If any staff are reading this, please note I would have much preferred to have told you about all these problems but a) nobody answered the phone when I called reception for the bottle opener, b) 'towel-guy' didn't speak English and c) Nobody asked me if I'd enjoyed my stay - and anyway by the time I was checking out I was soap issed-off about the £3 charge for the tiny tiny coke that I just wanted to get out of the stuffy reception into some fresh air. I won't be back I'm afraid.	
Apr 20 2008	Noisy	Check in was speedy and the staff very friendly. However, i had booked a twin room but on entering the room the beds were so close together we might as well of had a double. the view was in to the hotel over looking the bar &amp; restaurant which was very noisy and i had to ring reception at 01:45 to complain about the noise from the bar!!	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Location and Amenities -- Hard Bed	My husband and I spent 10 days at the end of March at the new Park Plaza County Hall which just opened in February. It is in a super location next to Waterloo Station and Westminster Bridge. They didn't have the type of room we had booked three months earlier, but generously upgraded us to a fabulous &quot;studio&quot;, which is really a suite. It had a bedroom with flatscreen TV, vanity, and closet; a nicely appointed kitchenette; a luxurious marble bathroom with bath and shower; and a sitting area with sofa, easy chairs, desk, and a second, larger flatscreen TV, all overlooking Waterloo station and NE London. PROBLEMS: (1) the suite is entered through the bedroom, with the living area at the back, so that the bedroom gets noise from the corridor and is less private; (2) at least one of the three elevators was broken the entire time we were there; (3) the bed was hard as a rock -- very uncomfortable; (4) there was no alarm clock; (5) the room's temperature control was unmarked and did not seem to work; (6) the plumbing in the shower was stylish, but confusing; and (7) the shower door did not seal, so the bathroom floor stayed wet. Despite all this, staying in a spacious suite was worth the problems, except for the rock hard bed which made it impossible to get a good night's sleep. (The cost of our stay averaged only $240 per night, so it was a good deal financially.)	
Apr 10 2008 	Lovely rooms	I stayed here with two friends on a Saturday in April 2008. All in all we found the hotel to be really good, with just a couple of exceptions.Check inCheck in was painfully slow - there was quite a big queue and several hotel employees behind the desk who appeared to be doing nothing! We had booked a studio room through Lastminute.com for the three of us. However, the room we had been allocated was a standard double - they soon sorted this for us.Our roomOne bedroom studio with separate lounge and sofabed. The room was great - very stylish and perfectly comfortable. The shower was good and the beds not too hard, not too soft - just right. The TVs in the room (there were two) had a free music on demand service - great fun for when were getting ready to go out. We were quite close to the lifts, but this didn't disturb us at all - in fact the room was very quiet.ServicesWe didn't eat in the restaurant, so can't coment on that, although it did look very nice. The bar closed at about 2am even though it was full - this upset more than a few guests. Drinks were expensive, but we expected that. We did order room service - just sandwiches and snacks - no problems there.LiftsThe lifts are really slow - we were on the 10th floor so had no other option than to use them.NearbyLocation is very good and very handy for Westminter and Waterloo. There are a few cafes and small shops nearby. Because we had the kitchenette in our room, we went to the local M&amp;S simply food and brought our meals back.I would definately recommend this hotel, especially if there are three of you wanting to share a room - not many hotels seem to offer this.	
Apr 2 2008 	Fantastic Stay	Stayed here on a recent work trip. I got a great deal through the top secret collection on last minute and was very pleased with my choice. When travelling I much prefer deign led or boutique hotels but I can’t normally get this in London on our company budget so staying here was a real treat. Modern design, brand new rooms with excellent facilities. I did not have a suite but my room was on the ninth floor and had spectacular views over Big Ben, the Houses of Parliament and the London eye. Please note that some of the suites have an internal view.The location is very convenient right night door to Waterloo station and within walking distance of all of Southbank and Westminster’s attractions. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I would stay here again on business or pleasure.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Suite Room for a Family	Our family stayed there Mar 13-19 and enjoyed our stay very much. Great location - a couple of blocks from the Eye and a 5 min walk to the Waterloo tube. There was contruction going on right across from us but it didn't bother us since we were out all day sightseeing.The staff was very friendly and they always tried to help you with your question or issue though some were better at it than others. The room was very nicely furnished (and new) and a good size for a small family (max 2 adults and 2 young kids). The separate sitting area with a sofa bed and flat screen tv was perfect for our 12 yr old and the bedroom area was nicely appointed as well. Though I would've reversed the floor plan so the sitting area would be first as you walked in and the bedroom area would be further in where the large window (and natural light) was. The counter area with the microwave, hot water kettle, and minibar were wonderful! However, we couldn't get the internet to work on our in-room tv. The staff gave us an IT support number to call and they said they couldn't help us and we had someone come up to our room to check and he couldn't figure it out either. The bathroom was very stylish and not too small like other European bathrooms I've seen - the basin was a little shallow and it took a few minutes to figure out how to operate the two different shower heads. All in all, a great bathroom!We had breakfast included with our stay and it was a very good buffet breakfast - great variety and they even made omelets to order! It was usually very crowded for breakfast and it was hard sometimes to get coffee/tea refills. The hotel did set up an overflow breakfast room though it was on a different floor but it offered most of the same breakfast items. Agree with other reviewers that the elevators are the one area that needs to be worked out. It took a while to catch one during the busy hours so we ended up going down 5 flights of stairs several times during our stay. Would definitely stay in this hotel again assuming I was able to get a reasonable rate like we did this time.	
Apr 1 2008 	Good family option in central London	It's inevitably difficult to find reasonable accomodation for a family of four at a reasonable price in Central London, so I was pleasantly surprised to find a suite at this new hotel for £135 per night (Room only, plus VAT - hotel website). The location is excellent. You can walk over Westminster bridge to Parliament Square in 10 minutes or over the Hungerford footbridge to Charing Cross and Trafalgar Square in 15 minutes. Also of course, Waterloo station, the London Eye and the South Bank are only a couple of minutes away. As described in the other reviews, the hotel is ultra modern and check in was quick, friendly and efficient. We'd asked for an early check in and a room on the upper floors with a view and both were granted without fuss. Our suite, on the 12th floor, had a small double bedroom area, a corridor with a kitchenette and superb bathroom and a living area with a sofa bed for the kids. You're probably wondering why I haven't given this hotel five stars. Well, as reported elsewhere, there are still several teething problems.  Our biggest problem was the beds. Both the double bed and the sofa bed are on the smallish side, but we found both to be over hard. In particular, the sofa bed was probably less comfortable than the floor and we ended up piling as many pillows as possible on top and the children slept on that arrangement.  Second problem was the housekeeping service. We called the housekeeping number several times and they never answered. The only way to get through was to call front desk and they dealt with the request. Once you do that, the service is pretty quick, but not at all efficient. We asked for bedlinen for the sofabed and they provided sheets and duvet but only one pillow. We asked for four sets of towels every day and every day got two sets. It became routine to pick up the phone every day and call front desk to get two extra sets of towels. The ultra modern expresso machine didn't work and it took them two days to fix. They kept removing the soap from the bathroom. They only provide cups, plates and utensils for two people. They expect you to wash up (of course) but there is no brush, cloth or tea towel to wash up with. We got our soap and our kitchen stuff in the end, and all these were relatively minor irritants, but an irritation nonetheless. Third problem was that we took a bottle of cola from the mini bar and attempted to open it on the &quot;built in&quot; opener. Unfortunately the &quot;built in&quot; opener wasn't, and all the cola spilt out into the drawers. Again, only a minor inconvenience, but the irritation was that the lady at the front desk insisted that we pay for the drink. She seemed to think that there was no way to reverse the charge once it automatically gets added to your bill.  We must have stayed at the same time as the previous reviewer as we were also disturbed twice by the fire alarm at 08.00 and 11pm. My concern here is that the emergeny exits and stairs are not clearly marked and there could be big problems in the event of a real emergency.  Finally, also as previously mentioned, there are only three lifts and there are still teething problems with them. If one lift is out of order, even temporarily, at peak times, you can be in for a long wait. As we were able to prepare our own breakfast in the room and there are several alternative breakfast cafes in the area, we never used the restaurant, but the bar area was very cosy. There is an excellent fitness centre in the basement, all brand new equipment as well as a sauna and steam room. All in all, still good value for the money. The bathroom in particular, was one of the best I can remember of any hotels I've stayed in. However, there are still too many problems to give top marks. Three out of five may be a little harsh. Perhaps if they hadn't charged me for that cola......	
Mar 30 2008 	Great New Hotel	We stayed for a week in Mid March and we were a little wary first because it was a brand new hotel and reviews on here IDed the hotel as having 'teething problems'To our suprise though, everything was almost perfect at County Hall Park Plaza. Upon arrival we were greeted by friendly staff who were willing to go out of their way to accomodate our needs. They even allowed us to get to our room much earlier than the check in time - because they saw that we had just come from a late night flight and were exhausted. Until the room was ready - they stored our bags for us in a locked room and provided us with tagged receipts for the bags.When we got to the room, it was really everything we expected - just a little smaller than some of the photos on here reveal. We were booked with a double - so we had no lounge area. But we had a great view overlooking Waterloo station and train tracks on the 11th Floor. We could even see the Houses of Parliament from the window. As for the room, there was a great kitchenette - although the space of the mini-fridge was limited because the mini bar took up most of it - and we couldnt figure how to even open it. The microwave was a bit confusing but worked out fine once we understood how to work it. The beds were very comfortable - for the double, they were two mattresses next to each other on some kind of frame. Lots of space for wardrobe and storage. The TV was as expected - digital flatpanel. Most of the channels were just the networks that were on Freeview along with a couple of music and news channels. But good news for international visitors - they had a huge selection of German, French, Greek, and Italian channels availible. There was also radio available on the TV along with internet radio and playlists that the hotel made.The bathroom was great. The toilet was the only real problem - where it would be stuck on the flush mode - but was easily fixed by pressing the flush button lightly. The glass sliding door however, gave little privacy and also had a tendency to fall off its track on the bottom. The glass shower was great - had a rain head and another nozzle that could be adjusted and moved. The bath was also spacious.We only really used concierge once - and that was because my cell phone charger would not work with our US to UK wall adaptor. They were nicely able to charge my Nokia phone with their universal charger. As promised it was charged, and stored properly and availible for pickup later that evening.The meals were decent. We only really did breakfast and one night of room service at the hotel. Except for easter sunday, when it was really packed, we were able to have the full english breakfast buffet (even though we were put down for continental) - The full english breakfast was full of great food: eggs, bacon, ham, beans, toast, fruit, pasteries, cereal, and much more - served with coffee, tea, or an assortment of juices. All very delicious, fresh, and served hot. When we got room service, it was fast and delicious high quality food - and was pretty reasonable in terms of price for hotel room service.Overall hotel negatives - I would say the lifts are a little slow - usually took between 5 and 7 minutes to go down in the mornings when there was a lot of traffic. But thats only because there are 3 in the main atrium. There are however some elevators located near the stairs in the corners of the building - but I'm not sure if they are for guests. We also had the fire alarm go off twice during our stay - one was very early easter morning. this was due to 'guest actions' The first time, we trecked down the 14 total flights of stairs to the ground - and were told that we did not have to evacuate. The second time (the same day), we just stayed in the room and the alarm shut off after 3 minutes or so.There were so many more positive aspects however, and we were quite pleased with our experience and stay at County Hall Park Plaza. I would definitely come back next time I travel to London.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good upper mid market hotel	I work occasionally in Central London and am always amazed at a) the size of rooms normally found b) the exorbitant cost per night. As a result when I heard that the Park Plaza had opened (1st Feb 08) a new hotel I was keen to try it out. Generally speaking I found it to be good quality at reasonable price (if on the high side). However, there are still a few teething problems as mentioned by other reviewers. That said these were very few and generally speaking my stay was very pleasant and quiet. I also had a meal in the restaurant, which was good with the staff being extremely polite and friendly. What improvements would I like to see, small issues such as the lifts stopping at the correct floor. (I had to take the stairs down 7 floors as the lifts constantly bypassed this landing).Would I go back? Yes definately.	
Mar 27 2008 	Best "New" Hotel in London?	Read the reviews here and had high hopes for this new property along the south bank. I had stayed in many 4 star London hotels and they just did not live up to standard. The Park Plaza County Hall is located across the street from the current construction of another hotel complex, no noise, only crane operators looking into your room during the day!!Directly behind the old County Hall and London Eye and 2 minutes from Westminster bridge and Big Ben. Wonderful views but only if you are above the 10th floor and facing away from Waterloo station. Many convenience stores and nice restaurants nearby; Star-Bucks (1minute) Yo-Sushi (1 minute) mini-grocery and the like.......We had a suite, actually it is a living room with hallway kitchenette and main bedroom. Very modern styles all around, nice comfy bed, not soft, just right. modern chairs and a sofa bed that folds out into a bed. The sofa bed is best for the kids. The kitchenette has a microwave and sink and alot of cabinet space. The main bedroom has a large closet with full mirror and interior light. The bathroom is marble and stone, very nice. Large walk in shower and separate deep bath tub. Two flat screen TV's in each room.Now lets discuss why i rated this only &quot;above average&quot; I will start in the living room where the windows are sealed shut, no fresh air and the windows are filthy. The flat screen TV in our room was damaged, I reported it the first day with no correction. The shower leaked onto the floor into a big puddle and the sink was so shallow you constantly got splashed. The toilet roll dispenser was almost impossible to reach while sitting on the pot, and when you did you had to contend with getting it un-rolled. Then there was the NOISE. The hotel has an obvious over-pressure problem and air in the water pipes. Every time you flush the toilet it makes an incredible WOOOOSSSSHHHH and GURGLE, but not only when you flush but every time anyone above you flushes!!!!The Fire Alarms WORK! Our first encounter with that was at 0800 in the morning; I got to meet a few people in the hallway during that, than again at 1100p.m after being out all day walking London sites. Both excuses from the Hotel Staff was Customer FaultElevators: While we were there (4 days) one elevator broke twice and the other two would stop at every floor either going up or down. Than sometimes it would not move at all. One evening it was so bad that there was a back-log of customers in the Lobby waiting to go up. We took the stairs 11 flights! Dining Experience: 17 Pounds a person for Breakfast is a rip-off. We had all meals elsewhere Thank You. It was like feeding time at the Zoo every MorningBar: No problem; order a Beer/Guinness/Stout and you are good to go. Problem: order anything involving mixing or more than 3 things at once and you thirsty. Inexperience bar staff, they try................This Hotel is having mechanical problems and staff problems. It does appear that the Staff is multi-national and that's a good thing, only it seems they never have worked at the 4-star level. The Door man is a very nice man and will help get you what you need. Reception is iffy. I will say that this is a very modern place with some growing pains. It is way better comfort wise than any Thistle Hotel I have stayed at and much better than a Novotel, Holiday Inn or Mecure. Regardless; everything we experienced was harmless and fun and is a great memory of our trip to London. We made small talk with a lot of other customers during our visit and they all enjoyed the hotel despite the &quot;issues&quot; We would return.	
Mar 18 2008 	Modern Park Plaza	I recently took my husband to the hotel for his birthday. We were so pleasantly surprised. Excellent location, clean, modern and best of all happy and enthusiastic staff - well apart from the bar. The waitress was very pleasant but a little offhand!I ordered a cake for my husband and was really chuffed when we were greeted on check-in with a happy birthday to him and then a complimentary cake and rendition of Happy Birthday in the bar.In all we were made to feel so welcome and even a little bit special. We would have no qualms about recommending to a friend.I have been back for a drink in the bar and it's still lovely.The hotel only opened in Feb 08, so let's hope they keep the momentum up.	
Mar 17 2008 	Fantastic Location	We stayed for one night and really enjoyed the stay. The staff were extremely helpful, particularly in the restaurant. The room was spacious and modern. The location was fantastic- it was just a short walk over the Westminster bridge to Big Ben.	
Mar 17 2008	Brilliant hotel and location	Just got back from a weekend in london. The hotel is 5 minutes walk from the train station however, when you come out of the station turn left and walk this way round as we walked all in front of london eye by mistake which obviously takes some time. As we were waiting to check in drinks were offered which i thought wasa very good touch. We had been upgraded to a river view room which was very good and our room was ready early. The room itself was very good 2 telivisions, kitchen, bathroom very nice with gorgeous huge bathrobes and slippers. Bed very comfortable with feather pillows. Lounge area very nice also and our view was straigt over london eye which was impressive. Room 1231, i would ask for this room if i were to book again. Check out was also very good and they kept our nags for us whilst we went out for the day. Would definatley recommend and would stay here again	
Mar 16 2008 	Superior hotel with most friendly staff and service	I stayed in the Park Plaza County Hall for 5 days only 1 week after its opening - and have been back there 3 times afterwards. Due to my job, I stay about 200 nights in hotels every year - but I most clearly say that I have not experienced this personal service anywhere in Europe before.The staff is amazingly friendly, professional, and helpful. Especially to mention Luke Jozef Francois, the Senior Guest Services Manager literally &quot;reads your wishes&quot; and ensures everything is to your pleasure. This hotel is a state-of-the-art example for true commitment towards customer service. The staff - from breakfast personnel to technical staff supports that customers gets a 100% experience at the hotel. They all immediately made me feel like &quot;at home&quot;. The first time I was there for business, but last time I stayed there over the weekend and it was just as lovely. The hotel is magnificent: very colorful and modern designed. Some of the rooms are super-modern yet comfortable. I stayed in a room with a spectacular view over the river, Westminster, the London eye and Big Ben - a nice experience to wake up in the morning when the city is at your feet or sitting on the balcony and enjoying the sunset.The breakfast is really rich with something for everyone - fresh fruits, pastries, eggs in all variations - but the best is the home-made blueberry muffins that simply melt in your mouth.For Executive Club Members, there is a separate lounge that offers also the full range of breakfast in the morning, canapées and drinks in the evening and coffee during the day. It is a very stylish, yet cosy place to stay.Food can be taken in the restaurant or the bar and it is really good. There is a vast variety of long drinks and cocktails available at the bar for reasonable prices.The location is very comfortable as well. You are in walking distance of the London eye, the Aquarium, Westminster (just across the bridge), etc. and with a couple of minute walk from Waterloo station, taking the underground will take you to the heart of the city in less than 10 minutes.Overall - I would say this is probably one of the best hotels I've stayed in not only London but also Europe. If you want to have a hotel that is luxurious and at the same time &quot;personal&quot; - this is the hotel to go for business travellers during the week, and the place to be for leisure visitors (such as couples looking for romance) during weekends.	
Mar 7 2008 	still getting up to speed	Stayed on Business for three nights. Initial impressions are good all bright, shiny and new. However having stayed here three days it is fair to say the hotel is still working towards full efficiency.Firstly, I was upgraded to a suite, near the lift's. For some strange reason they have particularly loud chimes on the lifts making sleep near them impossible. Until they change this do not accept a room near the lifts.Second room was very good standard and well insulated from noise. Nice bathroom, and separate lounge area.Breakfast was constantly chaotic, long waits to be seated, slow service, but the buffet is good.Several fire alarms one evening, lift call buttons stuck, door not locking properly. What you would expect from a new premises.If they sort this out could be a gem.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good Hotel	I have just returned back from a weekend away at the Park Plaza with my boyfriend. We understood that it had only been open a few weeks, so were a bit worried about the so called teething problems many seem to have experienced.The best thing about the hotel is the location - right around the corner from the London Eye, central to most sights. We found it easy to get around, all in walking distance. Checking in was pretty quick, and was very pleased to be upgraded to a studio room, despite the view now being a construction site! This didn't really bother us, as we rarely used the living area throughout our stay, and we never heard a thing. However, with the upgrade we also got a kitchenette with a fridge for personal use, which came in handy. The bathroom had plenty of space, the shower was powerful, and the bath was spacious. The bed was comfortable, the only problem being the pillows, but there were more provided if needed.As soon as we got into the room, we turned on the shower and we discovered it was broke. We contacted reception and it was fixed straight away.Breakfast each morning filled us up for the day, with loads to offer; fresh fruit salad, fry up, pastries, cereals, toast, cold meats and cheeses. On the Saturday evening we had a drink at the hotel bar. The prices were pretty steep (around £7.00 for a cocktail, and £4.00 for a bottle of lager), plus they put a 12.5% service charge on top. The cocktails were lovely and a lot of effort was put into them by the staff (rightly so at that price!) There are a few minor problems within the hotel that we experienced-Due to the way the hotel is laid out, trying to sleep at any time is a pain, as reception is constantly playing music, and the noise from this, along with the noise from the bar, echoes up to your room. -Waiting time for a lift is ridiculous. We were stood there waiting for what felt like a very very long time, watching lifts go up and down past our floor. When a lift eventually stopped, despite it saying &quot;doors opening&quot; the doors remained closed and had to be forced open. The lift then got stuck in between two floors. A member of staff passed us, and another visitor who was also waiting for a lift asked if there were any stairs. All of the staff at this hotel are foreign, and before this incident it was not a problem, but she didn't seem to understand us. She shrugged and smiled and carried on. The visitor then asked what we would do if there was a fire, and the girl answered &quot;i don't know, sorry&quot;. Very reassuring!Surely there should be a) signs indicating the stairs and b)sufficient training so staff know what to do in emergencies?Despite these problems, we had a fantastic time at the hotel, and would go back :)	
Mar 3 2008 	One of the best!	We stayed at the Park Plaza hotel for 2 nights whilst on a weekend away with the wife. We had a fantastic time. We arrived into Waterloo and the hotel was only a 2 minute walk to the left of the station. We arrived in the hotel and the staff were very pleasant took interest in how we were and upgraded our room to a Riverview room. The room was very large it had a plenty of lighting and cupboard space and large plasma TV, nice kitchen with minibar and coffee machine. Excellent bathroom which had massive bath and shower. Living room with sofa bed and another large TV with around 20 channels. The views are fantastic we were over looking the river and were opposite the London Eye and Big Ben which was a few minute walk along the river. The bar was very nice and fantastic beer. It was around £3.90 a pint and Mangers £5.00. Overall we both said it was one of the cleanest and nicest hotels we have stayed at in the UK and would defiantly stay there again. On account of the quality of the hotel the room facilities and how new everything was I would recommend to all and if you have already booked I'm sure you wont be disappointed.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good Hotel Good location	Nice, clean and trendy look.Brilliant location if visiting London and want to see the sights.Just round the corner from Waterloo station, 3 min walk to London Eye and 5 mins to Big Ben. .........We had booked a weekend trip to London which included rail travel (from North West England), tours of the British Museum (terracota army exhibit) and Dome (Tutankhamun exhibits). All for £130 per person so didn't expect much of a hotel for the price. Definitely not a decent 4 star, they must be giving travel companies big discounts whilst they build a reputation. The hotel has only been open a couple of months.We were upgraded to a Suite, Very nice room, separate living and sleeping areas. Very modern, very good kitchenet with fridge, microwave, fancy coffee maker, kettle, sink, plates, cups saucers etc.Had a very oblique view of river, but nice view of London skyline from the 11th floor.A great room.Since I know centre of London (business trips) we mainly ate out.Breakfast was standard buffet type, we were in one of the conference rooms rather than main restaurant. Cooked breakfast was warm rather than hot, staff gave good service. One of the lifts had stopped working so there were delays getting to / from rooms.Staff were helpful no real complaints.Great stay and happy to return.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good new hotel in London	Stayed a saturday night in early March. Hotel newly opened and seemed quite busy. Well located for Waterloo Station, County Hall, the London Eye, the South Bank etc. Modern and clean. We stayed in a studio which had a double bed area as you enter the room with flat screen TV, wardobes etc. and then a central kitchenette area and nice marble bathroom and then a lounge area beyond with a double sofa bed, desk and large flat screen TV and wall to floor windows. We had a room on the 5th floor and had a view over Waterloo Station and south London - not a fabulous view but interesting as it is different to what we see at home. The kitchenette area had lots of cupboard space, a minibar and small fridge, microwave oven, sink, kettle and some crockery/cutlery. The room comes supplied with a few complimentary coffee sachets and tea bags. We stocked up with milk, croissants, fruit sald etc. from Marks &amp; Spencer at Waterloo Station on saturday and had a lazy breakfast in bed on sunday. Bathroom has nice walk in shower with rain head plus separate bath and plenty of storage space. We didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on that but the bar and restaurant seemed to have a nice atmosphere. Staff very friendly and helpful. When we were there the lifts were suffering from teething trouble but were soon fixed and apart from that minor niggle we had no complaints at all. We used express check-out on leaving as we thought reception might be busy but it seemed to be working OK. We would return to what I think is a welcome addition to London's reasonably (mid) priced hotels.	
Feb 25 2008 	Potential at Park Plaza County Hall		
Feb 20 2008 	Poor value		
Feb 17 2008 	Great Anniversary Stay		
Feb 16 2008 	teething problems....		
Feb 11 2008	I think they have 'teething' problems		
Feb 11 2008 	Excellent Hotel		
Feb 6 2008 	Lovely hotel shame about the waterworks!!!		
Jan 17 2008 	Booking confirmed - hotel not open!		
Jan 17 2008 	tutto ok!		
Nov 21 2009 	buena relacion calidad precio en londres		
Nov 15 2009 	Casi perfecto		
Nov 14 2009 	Muy buena opcion retirado del centro.		
Nov 2 2009 	un peu déçue		
Oct 14 2009	una sorpresa		
Oct 9 2009 	Vacanza a Londra		
Sep 28 2009 	Bello ma con uno spiacevole retrogusto da catena di montaggio...		
Sep 12 2009 	Excelente todo... menos el sofá-cama		
Aug 19 2009 	Muy bien		
Aug 5 2009 	Ubicación perfecta lo recomiendo		
Jul 2 2009 	molto molto bello !		
Jun 5 2009 	Ottima struttura ed eccellente posizione		
May 24 2009 	Muy buena ubicación		
May 13 2009 	Ne vale la pena!		
May 7 2009 	Excelente como para repetir		
Apr 18 2009 	Perfecto		
Mar 19 2009 	superhotel buena ubicacion top con niños!!		
Feb 28 2009 	Muy bien situado		
Feb 26 2009 	Agua friaruido y buen desayuno		
Jan 18 2009	Super hôtel		
Jan 7 2009 	Fantástica ubicación e instalaciones a estrenar		
Jan 2 2009 	Excellent point chute de qualité		
Dec 29 2008 	à la hauteur de nos espérances		
Sep 15 2008 	Mit Kindern eher billig.		
Sep 10 2008 	vistas al london eye		
Sep 5 2008	Schlecht geplant		
Sep 2 2008 	Ottima scelta per famiglie		
Jul 29 2008 	Un muy buen hotel		
Apr 20 2008 	Un magnífico hotel nuevo y bien situado		
Mar 30 2008 	Fué una verdadera ganga		
Mar 6 2008 	uno splendido albergo per una splendida vacanza		
Feb 29 2008	Magnífico hotel aunque con algunas deficiencias		
