	Great location	i stayed here as it was close to Paddington and I was leaving the following day for Heathrow and could jump on the Heathrow Express. I had a single room on the 2nd floor (no elevator). It was VERY tiny and the bathroom was even tinier. I had to be careful when using the toilet as there was a ridge around the shower and I could have easily sprained my ankle. Quite frankly, the walk in closet I have in my apartment is larger than the bathroom was. This hotel, as in many others in London, does breakfast only one way. I've never understood why the cooks cannot scramble an egg. They can only fry them sunny side up. If you have a bowl and a fork, you can scramble an egg. But here they couldn't do that. In fact, when I asked, the waiter looked at me like I was from another planet and he didn't even know what scrambled eggs were!!It's an OK place to stay if all you want is a bed and tiny bathroom. For breakfast, I suggest Garfinkel's on the corner of Praed Street.	
Oct 20 2009 	adequate	Stayed here for 5 nights at the end of September, first of October. We had two rooms, 1 double and 1 triple. The triple was extremely cramped. The bathroom and shower were the tiniest I have ever seen. However they both appeared to have been recently refurbished and were sparkling clean with new floor and shower tiles and fixtures. I cannot say the same for the rooms themselves. Very dowdy and worn. The triple room overlooked the park which was nice and had a nice large window, which helped since the room was very stuffy. However the window didn't stay open, we had to prop it up with the waste paper basket. Breakfast was forgetable. If you stay be sure to ask for a room on the first floor or second (if you are a hiker). No lift and the staircase is narrow and winding. But for the price (quite reasonable) we could put up with a few inconveniences.	
Aug 29 2009 	Not a surprise	Good location (5 minutes from underground and 15 mins to downtown), peaceful area, lots of restaurants nearby.we stayed in a small room with a nice view over Norfolk square (nice park full of coloured flowers): no wardrobe, no cabinet, no air conditioning: fortunately it was cool so we did not need it. Very small bath: I've seen larger washbasins on trains and aircrafts. Take care while paying by credit card and insist on paying in pounds otherwise the kind staff will offer you to pay in your currency without saying to you there is a 3,5% commission charge on the total amount. Apart this, staff is kind and helpful.If you don't like english breakfast you can only eat cereals and some bread and butter.Good hotel to spend few nights, I would not recommend it for a whole week.I think it is rather expensive 95£ x night for such a hotel, anyway living in London is not cheap. Before booking this hotel, I would try and look for something else, book it if you cannot find any better. Do consider that in its same Norfolk square there are quite a few other hotels and guest houses and the area around is really OK.	
Jul 29 2009 	Ideal location value for money	We stayed at the hotel for three nights. The location is ideal, it's close to/round the corner from Paddington station (train to Heathrow) and the underground station where you can take the tube directly to some of the main attractions like Mdm Tussauds. Hyde Park and Oxford Street are walking distance away. And even though it's close to a busy road and a train station it's fairly quiet.The rooms are not massive, the showers are especially on the small side, but we were out most of the time so that didn't bother us. The staff was very helpfull and kind. The breakfast was good.We enjoyed our stay and will definitely come back!	
Jul 16 2009 	great value for money excellent location	brilliant location, very close to paddington underground, and a five/ten minute walk to Hyde Park-fabulous for star spotting! we went on boxing day, so were able to see the Christmas German market at Hyde park, which i would highly recommend. The Cardiff Hotel was easy to find, yet surprisingly in a beautiful area for the money we paid. When we were given our keys i was dismayed to find a set of ladders in the room and plaster board on our sheets, with ceiling tiles laid in the bathroom. I asked the reception if they could do anything about this, so it was all cleaned and spotless after 10 minutes. The only downfall for this hotel was the 'breafast' menu were were given whilst staying there, very bad food, and we had to go to a nearby restaurant for breakfast. Overall an amazing stay, would recommend it to anyone, good location with a few local pubs and restaurants nearby.	
Jul 5 2009 	The Cardiff is little more than an overpriced hostel!	On the Internet this hotel looked quaint. Don't be fooled! I am not a picky person when traveling, all I really need is a clean place to lay my head. However, the Cardiff lacked even that simple amenity. At check-in it all seemed normal enough. I was aware that the hotel did not have a lift, as most in the area don't; however, lugging my suitcase up the five flights of narrow, steep stairs was not so fun. The room was Bates Motel material! Wallpaper stained and peeling, the carpets were stained and in need of cleaning, the bed was sagging and the sheets and coverlet were grimy and musty smelling (I slept fully clothed on top of the coverlet). The bathroom was badly in need of a good cleaning as the stench of urine was overwhelming. There was no air conditioning and only a rickety fan was provided, the room's single window would not stay open and I had to prop it open with books in order to air out the room when they decided to paint the hallways on the hottest day of the year with no ventiliation. Breaskfast was little better: I was served toast that had mold on the corners. The final straw, however, came on my way back up to my room from breakfast--a dead mouse laying on the staircase two steps before arriving at my door. (He probably died from the paint fumes!!) I called the front desk about it and it took them forever to send someone to clean it up. So even though you read the mixed reviews as I did and you think that it can't possibly be that bad, please know that IT IS that bad. The Cardiff is little more than an overpriced hostel...	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent for the price	Stayed in the Cardiff hotel for four nights in May. I was surprised to find a good clean although small room in such a convenient location. Close to Paddington station. A huge hearty breakfast and staff who could speak english was a big bonus. Would stay again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great budget priced hotel	We spent one night at this hotel. Booked on the internet on the day that we checked in. Hotel is in a great location. Plenty of restaurants nearby, safe and very close to the underground. The staff was very friendly. Room was very small, very clean and breakfast was excellent. Would highly recommend this hotel for those on a budget.	
Jan 13 2009 	budget hotel great location	I stayed at the Hotel Cardiff for 6 nights over New Years 08/09. I booked the hotel based on the cost (49 pounds a night) and the reviews on this site. I can't argue with much I have seen here.The room is functional, the bathroom is small and there are no elevators. So basically, it's a typical 2 star European hotel. The location is great. The free breakfast was nice and the price was right. Staff were friendly. Paddington is a short walk and it was no problem with street noise at night. Would definitely stay again on my next trip to London.	
Jan 1 2009 	One of the best located small-budget hotels in London	I spent four night at the Norfolk Hotel with a friend at the beginning of December 2008. The main highlights of the hotel and the reasons why I gave it 4 stars instead of, say, 3, are the following:1. The location. The hotel is situated in a small, quiet square, 5 minutes walk from the nearest tube station (Paddington), the bus stop and the railway station from which the Heathrow Express departs. Moreover, from the hotel you can easily walk to Oxford Street (it takes about half an hour) and to Hyde Park. In the hotel surroundings you can find plenty of pubs, small restaurants (Italian, Greek, Indian...), fast-foods, take-aways.2. Breakfast. The full English brekfast was just great, nothing to complain about.3. The people of the staff were generally kind. On my last day I was allowed to leave my luggage at the reception after checking out. The reception is open 24 hour a day and you get a key that opens front and room doors.4. My twin room and ensuite bathroom were clean and reasonably big. 5. The rooms are cheap.Now the less pleasant things. I wasn't very pleased with the fact that I had to pay on the day of my arrival, but I knew that from the start, so no surprises here.The fact that there's no lift sometimes can be tiresome. But again, this is stated very clearly on the hotel web site, so I was well aware of that before leaving for London. Our room, despite being clean and provided with tv, confortable beds, tea and coffee facilities and a lovely view, looked a bit as if the curtains, the bedclothes, the furniture needed some refurbishment. I must admit I didn't care for this very much, because I was out almost all day.Apart from these last few things, and generally speaking, I was very satisfied with my stay at the Norfolk Hotel and I'll certainly consider going back there whenever I'm in London again.	
Nov 27 2008 	Budget Hotel - budget room	This is a budget hotel in a very good location 5 minutes to Paddington Station. Lots of nice eateries and cafes close by. Hotel staff were really pleasant and helpful. Breakfast, included in the room price is a good start to the day, but can become a bit monotonous. Rooms are very basic and really small. They could really do with a revamp. Just a shelf in the tiny bathroom and a few hooks on walls and behind doors for coats etc would be a great help. Bathrooms, apart from being tiny, are also really shabby.	
Oct 30 2008 	Good for a budget hotel	This was my first visit to London. The hotel looks very nice from the outside and from the inside it looks ok. It is a budget hotel, I had view to Norfolk Square from my room. It is located exactly 3 minutes walk from Paddington Station (hence the connections to Heathrow Airport). Very handy.Rooms are not big and the toilets are small, but they are clean. and you can take a shower with warm water. The rooms also have the basic to prepare some coffee or tea.The bed is ok with blankets (no eiderdown- so bring pyjamas), the pillows are soft (there are 2 per person), lovely.If it is winter, please, dont forget to turn on the heating system. I forgot to do so the first night....Despite the windows have only one glass ( unlike in Scandinavia) you can sleep well, it is a quiet area.Unfortunately there is no lift, but the stairs have a &quot;normal&quot; size. If you come to this hotel, dont bring big suitcases, so you can easily carry them upstairs.The breakfast is good, with cereals, marmelade, honey, toasts, juice and you have the chance to taste the famous full English breakfast. Very good coffee. The staff are very kind and helpful.When I checked in I got a London map at the reception, with discounts to some places. Nice service.Close to Paddington Station there are busstops bringing you to the rest of London. In general it is a good hotel, you get a lot for the budget price. I would definitly stay at the Cardiff hotel next time I travel to London.	
Oct 28 2008 	great value great location	Great value hotel in a brilliant location, just a couple of minutes walk from Paddington but on a nice quiet square. I was on the top floor (lots of stairs!) but the room was clean and comfortable with everything I needed. Friendly staff, good breakfast. Rooms are small, plumbing a bit noisy - if you're after luxury this isn't it. But if you want a great value, individual hotel this is spot on.	
Aug 15 2008 	cheap and great location	Interested in an inexpensive (for London) hotel that is 1 block from Paddington Station? Look no further.The Cardiff Hotel is a small bed and breakfast, literally one block from Paddington Station (both country trains, Underground and Heathrow express). You don't need a taxi as long as you have wheels on your luggage. The rooms are very small, and could use a major renovation (dated carpet and curtains) and the bathrooms rival an airplane loo for size, but it is reasonably clean and cheap. Full breakfast comes with the rate (59 Pound for one bed/with bathroom). Internet is wireless, and you pay by the hour. Rooms are tiny but adequate. There is a desk and chair, but no alarm clock or shampoo. They will sell you a small bottle of shampoo for 50p and will arrange a wake up call if needed.This is the right place for the budget minded traveler who doesn't need luxury. If holes in your towels and being able to touch the opposite sides of the room at the same time don't appeal to you, go elsewhere. But if you aren't fussy, the location is perfect and the price is great.This hotel is not accessible for the disabled, and considering the very narrow hallways, stairs, and absence of an elevator, not for the infirm either.This is the second time I've stayed here. You can walk to Buckingham Palace, Harrods and Leicester Square from here.	
Aug 8 2008 	Good value great location	Those people who knock the Cardiff should have booked the Paddington Hilton instead. They would have paid £190 per night. The Cardiff isn't a wonderful hotel, but it is good value. I have stayed many times, generally using it before catching morning flights from Heathrow (15 minutes away, every 15 minutes, on the Heathow Express). The rooms are smallish but fine. The place is clean. The staff are friendly and the breakfast is very good. There are loads of pubs and restaurants nearby. It's a stone's throw from Paddington Station and the underground. All tourist sites are within easy reach. I have explored London on foot using the Cardiff as my base. It's strange how people who have booked this bed-and-breakfast-style hotel moan about it. What do they expect for the money?	
Jul 30 2008 	Good Value Hotel Conveniently Located	Hotel is convenient to Paddington Station, giving you quick access to most London attractions via the Tube. Rooms were basic, but more than adequate, I thought. The staff was friendly and helpful for the most part. I thought the breakfast was very good.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fawlty Towers	At least Fawlty Towers had Basil to liven the place up. Whilst not quite being in the Michael Palin category I have stayed at quite a few hotels across the world and this hotel (Bed and Breakfast) must rank as the most unwelcoming and barely basic I have experienced.Having chosen not to visit the London Dungeon, it was rather ironic that we ended up exactly there....Room 42 to be exact. Down the rickety staircase and adjacent to the numerous water and waste pipes which heralded, every few minutes, yet another eblution from one of our fellow guests high up above ground!The reception staff were functional. They were not in the slightest bit interested in doing anything other than the bare minimum. The Breakfast room was a farce. I half expected to see &quot;The Major&quot; downing an Earl Grey and Manuel chasing after his pet rat! The girls in the Kitchen were very fast workers and did a grand job more a case of despite the facilities than because of them.Overall the hotel was fine if you needed a reasonably priced bed to sleep in whilst exploring the many attractions of the capital city. Location is excellen, adjacent to Paddington Underground and also the main rail station but every time I climbed the steps from the underground I was confronted by the magnificence of the Hilton Hotel..............if only I had listened more at school and got a good job!	
Jul 12 2008	Could be better but good for people on budget.	Firstly, I would stay at this location again. My sister and I had taken a bus in from the airport to Victoria Station and wished that in the tube directions to the hotel that it had mentioned that not all stations have lifts/elevators. Unfortunately for us, this was our first time coming to London so we had no prior experience with how London was set up, nevermind the tube stations. From Victoria the direct route would be to take the circle line, but as luck would have it, the circle line wasnt running at the time we got there (around 6pm). We had even asked a tube employee how to get to paddington station but they hadn't mentioned to us that we could only take the district line that day. So after getting very lost and going on the wrong district line and hauling luggage up and down countless stairs we finally made it to the hotel. It was clean and in my opinion, the staff were very friendly and knowledgable, which is very important. My sister and I had a room facing the square up on the fourth floor. There is no lift/elevator in the hotel so after our ordeal we had a hard time going up all of those stairs (some without railings to hold on to.) We had been on a 10 hour flight, taken an hour and a half drive in to a station, lugged our luggage up and down stairs trying to find our way and then we had to also take our luggage up the stairs without any railings to support our tired bodies. At our home time we had left at 9:30 pm and it was 7pm in London (the next day) when we arrived at the hotel so we had at that point been up approximately 27 hours without much food. Luckily there is a few restaurants and a few fast food joints close by. While we were there the outside temperature was very warm (above 25 degrees) which made the room muggy/hot even with the window open and the fan on. The room itself was spacious enough, but the bathroom was very tiny...even taking a freezing cold shower heated the bathroom up. Although they may want to renovate, the rooms were clean which is all you can truly hope for while staying in London. The breakfast was typical of english breakfasts and the women working were friendly. My sister has severe allergies so they worked around that to prepare food for her that she could eat. Other than a very long first day which cannot be blamed on the hotel other than they should include better directions, the rest of our stay was above satisfactory. I suggest taking a walk through Hyde Park which is about 10 min walk away from the hotel.	
Jul 11 2008 	Risky business	As an Australian looking for somewhere to stay whilst visiting England, Cardiff Hotel looked decent. Three days in all of my valuables were stolen.As a traveler you would expect a hotel has their security organised, but after having in excess of 2000 pounds worth of goods (including laptop/mobile phone etc) stolen directly from your room, whilst 2 other rooms are also broken into and robbed, you realise that this is not a place you want to spend your holidays.Anything you leave in your room would appear free for the taking, so take it from me avoid at all cost.The 3 days that I stayed there after the incident, no attempts were made by the hotel to increase/improve their security.I strongly recommend, if this is the last place in London with vacancies, fly somewhere else.	
Jun 10 2008 	Pretty good overall	As others have said, this hotel offers decent no frills accommodations for a reasonable price, considering the location. Positives: 1) Room was quiet (in back of building,but I think even street-side rooms would be quiet because of the location on a square). 2) The staff were extremely helpful. An employee carried my bags up to the top floor (since there is no lift and the staircase is tight, I don't know how I would have managed on my own because my bags were huge). 3) Breakfast was okay and the service great (though more fresh fruit would be nice). 4) My room was very clean and the furnishings were updated. I had a nice breeze from my window. Negatives: 1) I chose the hotel in large part because it had wireless access (for a fee). However, I was very disappointed that the wireless access did not work in my room on the 4th floor (room 18)2) Although smoking in hotels is prohibited by British law, and the hotel displays a &quot;no smoking&quot; sign on the front door, they don't try to enforce it by threatening people with a fine if they smoke, as some hotels do. So when a guest in another room on my floor lit up in his room, the smoke quickly traveled under my door and into my room. I complained, and the staff were helpful in dealing with the problem.	
May 20 2008 	Decent place to stay	The staff were nice and the breakfast was great. There are many places nearby that were less expensive but I didn't look at the accomodations. No shampoo, no big deal, just bring your own.I bought internet time and didn't use it all up so first come first serve to use the rest up. Probably 5 hours or so left that must be used before end of July.[-]	
Apr 14 2008 	Its a budget hotel - what can you expect?	First - the location. Upon arriving by train at Paddington station, the Hotel is situation in the perfect location - just a few yards off the hustle and bustle of Praed Street. Quiet enough to enable peaceful sleep, but close enough to life and transport links.The staff were civil, but didn't immediately give the impression that they particularly wanted to go out of their way to help.The room (after climbing up and down a number of rather creaky staircases to reach it - there was no lift) was small, and the en-suite bathroom could only be described as microscopic. Although the room wasn't dirty, it didn't inspire you with too much confidence. Those creaky stairs did prove a problem during the night when the late-night arrivals made their way upstairs.Breakfast was a perfectly reasonable affair. The breakfast room seemed to be crammed with staff, and the food was good.If staying in London on a budget, with a need to be close to train/Tube links is your objective, then you could do far worse than this Hotel. However, it is worth spending a bit more of your money if your budget will allow.	
Apr 11 2008 	Not the best hotel	We stayed in room number one, down stairs (X2 Adults and X2 Children). Room smelt mouldy and was not very modern and very basic. The shower room was very small and was not inviting at all, we showered as quick as we could. Glad we only stayed one night. The staff were nice and the breakfast was also nice and good service. Some furniture was sticky and it is not the cleanness place we have stayed, wish I had packed my marigolds and bleach. Not as close to the centre of London as we had hoped but may be that is reflected in the price we paid. You can also hear the trains but not through the night and it is not too loud. It is nice and close to Paddington Station.	
Mar 19 2008	Outdated but convenient for HEX	Stayed in Room #4 in early March 2008. The staff was kind enough to accomodate my request for a quiet room in the back. Although I had booked a single ensuite, I was given a double. Overall, the room was bland and outdated but fine for just one night. For longer stays, this room would become rather depressing. No lamps, only that hideous fluorescent lighting on the ceiling and over the headboard. The carpet looked newly installed but the design was going in the wrong direction - a minor issue but funny. Behind the desk, there was a big hole in the wall, apparently due to the radiator (see pic). The bathroom sink had separate hot/cold taps. The drain was slow. The shower head must be the original as was the toilet. Four extra rolls of toilet paper were provided. With what they had to work with, I think the cleaners did a good job. Old fixtures are sometimes hard to make look sparkling clean. Bath towels were left on the bed and topped with little unwrapped bars of soap. I didn't realize that London hotels still did that!The breakfast room in the basement had old-fashioned character. Large windows allowed a nice view of the white tower at Paddington Station/Hilton. Staff was friendly and provided prompt service. Food similar to that you get at most of the hotels around Paddington. Luggage is held without charge but is simply put in the hallway where anyone can access it, out of sight from reception staff.There are steps out front which may prove difficult for some with luggage. Location is perfect if using the Heathrow Express train at Paddington Station. The hop on/off tour bus also stops just down the street. Micky's fish and chip shop is located at the other end of Norfolk Square and is open late.	
Feb 3 2008	Could be better --- 2.5 out of 5	The Cardiff Hotel was ok - The service was good the breakfast was good. Staff were pleasant and friendly. The only let down was the room. Its was smallish but not a problem. But the bed was well past its sell buy date (lumpy and worn) and the en-suite was tiny. The shower unit had &quot;duck&quot; tape around the bottom to seal it!! If they are to be realistic the ensuit they should have a shower and sink and have a shared toilet in the corridor, as you couldnt actually &quot;mount &quot;the toilet correctly for usage. You had to sit at a 45o angle. I used the toilet outside as I could not possibly carry out the full motions of a No2!!!.Its ok but needs investment - It just made me feel like the owners are tight and wont pay for new furnishings and a make over.	
Jan 30 2008 	most important of all clean!!!!!!!	I think it is an axcellent choice, it is really clean, breakfast is perfect, staff is nice, and it is an excellent point to move around, actually I´m returning in 2008 summer again.	
Jan 22 2008	Would not stay again	I chose the hotel for its location and it really was very close to Paddington station. As I was on tight budget, I took the cheapest available - 50GBP per night which meant a shared toilet, shower in the room.. I must say, the hotel looks nice from outside but the room I got was reallllly tiny. The room faced the street which was otherwise quiet but at around 1AM I was woken up by &quot;women at work&quot; shouting just under my room window. The same repeated on the second night. The shower was leaking badly and there were really nasty holes in the carpet. As other reviews about the hotel seem to be quite good, I hope this only applied for the cheapest room. Breakfast was good though, full English breakfast plus serials and fruit :)	
Jan 20 2008 	Fine for the price + location - you get what you pay for	The Cardiff hotel is situated in a fairly quiet square round the corner from Paddington Station. I had a single room and was on a tight budget so it provided basic accomodation if you just want somewhere to put your head at night along with a handy location.The breakfast selection is ok and service fast, although they didn't seem to be familair with the enquiry about the use of 'free range eggs' which, although not a deal breaker, is a fairly common request these days and so that was surprising.My room on a high floor (there is NO lift) wasn't double glazed so faint sounds of traffic were audible. The tap and shower supply in the tiny bathroom didn't so much flow as pulse out (constant alternation between slow and fast) - again this is not a big deal as such, but still a slight annoyance.Regarding noise within the hotel itself, as the walls are quite thin, it was sometimes possible to hear the mechanical noise coming from the water/heat systems in other rooms.The Cardiff Hotel will suit someone who is on a tight budget while also seeking a very convenient location regarding Paddington Station (it is about 1min walk away). But if you have a little more cash to play with, I would think about going a bit more upmarket.PROS:* Very close to Paddington Station* Cheap for London - great for those on a budget* Close to Hyde Park which is a great place for walks.CONS:* Very small* Shower and taps work, but not with a consistent flow* Very basic - no room safe, no minibar etc* Lots of stairs - there is no lift so be prepared to lug the bags* Rickety room window that was difficult to open and had a crack in the glass* Thin-ish walls - some adjoining room noise can occasionally be heard, but it's not too bad* No double glazing - some streets sounds are audible but they shouldn't keep you awake	
Dec 25 2007 	Loved the Location! Close to Paddington!	Hotel Cardiff is located 2 blocks from Paddington Station (approx. 1 hour from Heathrow Airport via metro). I was traveling with a group of 3, so we needed 1 double and a single bed. The room was surprisingly spacious with enough room for 2 pieces of luggage and my friend's travel duffel, and our carry-ons. Everything was very clean and our room was ready earlier than expected. The only downside is the bathroom. There is no shelving to place shampoo or soap, so we had to either put our things on the floor or in the sink, which was next to the shower. Also, the floor was always wet because we had to keep reaching outside the shower curtain for our soaps. There is also no digital clock in the room, so bring your own that you can plug in.English breakfast was served every morning. As long as you are seated by 9am (930 on Sundays), they will serve you. However, don't get there too late or the wait staff tries to clear off the table while you're still eating stuff. Other than that, my friend got sick of English breakfast by day 5, and they made her hard boiled eggs instead. Food was tasty, and sometimes we got extra bacon. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. A friend of mine lives in London and the front desk happily gave me all messages that she had left for us. Very pleasant in the morning and the evening, and gave us extra towels upon request. Our room was on the first floor, not sure if there was an elevator to other floors. Hotel is in a good location, it never took us more than 30 minutes to get anywhere on the tube. At night it was very quiet, no street noise at all. There was also a bunch of good restuarants around the corner - a good bagel shop, lebanese restaurant (levantine - make reservations, there's a belly dancer some nights), and fish &amp; chips. If you need snacks or phone cards, there is a corner store across the street with all kinds of stuff. I would stay here again.	
Dec 21 2007 	Absolutely lovely!	I stayed in this lovely hotel for a week, in December 2007. An absolutely good experience! I was a solo traveller and I got a tiny single room, which was perfect to me. Yes, maybe the bathroom was a little too small, but it was not such a problem. The room came with TV, hairdryer, a set for preparing tea and telephone. A full english breakfast was included in the room fare, together with a buffet of cereals and yoghurt. The staff were always nice and ready to help. Concerning the position, I can say it couldn't be better: just 2 minutes walking from Paddington station, that's to say 12 minutes by tube to Piccadilly Circus and direct connection to Heathrow Airport. The next time I will go to London, I am quite sure I will choose the Cardiff Hotel!	
Dec 18 2007 	Okay hotel for not a bad price...	Two friends and I stayed at the Cardiff this past weekend. I will say that the room was teeny tiny and there wasn't much space for anything. The bathroom was even worse and kind of reminded me of a bathroom in an airplane. The hotel was clean, but completely outdated. The location was excellent and the staff was extremely hospitable and friendly. All in all it was acceptable for the price (69 pounds for a triple room) but it is definitely a no frills hotel.	
Dec 4 2007 	Must the room be musty?	The staff was friendly and the breakfast more than ample - although the English appear to begrudge any eggs that aren't cooked to soulessness. But our room was both cramped and incredibly musty. The good news was that it was a quiet room and allowed us a place to rest in between our sight-seeing. The Cardiff is a block from a tube station and just a few blocks from Hyde Park. It'll do in a pinch.	
Nov 8 2007	Was Happy Here	I really enjoyed my stay at the Cardiff. The price was very reasonablefor London and the room was more than adequate in terms of space, comfort, and amenities. I enjoyed the English breakfast everymorning very much.I am a young guy so the stairs up were no problem for me but I could see some older or more infirm guests having problems getting up and down the narrow &amp; steep stairs.I would stay here again in a heart's beat.	
Oct 22 2007 	Just what I expected	This was my 5th trip to London and so I have stayed at a number of B&amp;B’s. For the price, this was one of the nicer hotels I’ve stayed at. Yes, the rooms were small, most are in London. It’s a basic hotel. My only complaint was that when I requested scrambled eggs for breakfast, I was told I couldn’t have them.	
Sep 27 2007 	A good choice	I chose the Cardiff based on proximity to Paddington Station and reviews on Tripadvisor. Got a room on ground floor facing the square that was good size, new carpet, very clean indeed, good wardrobe space. Bring your own toiletries - all they provide is soap. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was excellent. Just a 2 minute walk to Paddington station.All around there are restaurants and even a couple of proper English pubs with real ales.For £55 B&amp;B single room with private facilities in such a location, you wont find any better than this. I have stayed nearby on Sussex Gardens but Norfolk Square is very much quieter.	
Sep 18 2007 	Small but comfy	We (mum, dad and two teenagers) booked a double and twin room at The Cardiff for our 3 night stay in London. Although nowhere near what you would get for the same price in Australia, we couldn't complain - although the rooms are small they are quite comfy and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Due to no lift at The Cardiff try to get a room on a lower level as heavy luggage can be difficult to lug upstairs.The bathroom is very small and we would imagine this could be a problem if you are very tall or larger than normal. Our room was made up every day and if you wanted fresh towels you only needed to place dirty ones in shower and you would receive clean towels. We found The Cardiff to be relatively quiet at night and always got a good nights sleep. Included in the price is a full English breakfast - this consisted of cereal, fruit, toast, juice and bacon, egg, sausage, tomato and baked beans. We found this kept us going until nearly 2:00 pm. The Cardiff is very close to Paddington Station and underground as well as the bus. We relied on the bus and never waited longer than a few minutes for a bus. Overall we enjoyed staying at The Cardiff and would recommend it to anyone who wants a cheap place to stay that includes a full English breakfast and is close to transport.	
Aug 10 2007 	Cramped at the Cardiff	Just returned from a 3day, 2night wonderful trip to London. We stayed at The Cardiff in Paddington. I read very positive reviews of this hotel on this site and believed them! Our tiny cramped room was on the 6th floor which was a laborious climb for a mum with 2 teenage daughters. The room had one single and ond double bed, a tiny wardrobe and the smallest bathroom I ever saw. it was almost impossible to sit on the toilet without banging your knees on the hand basin and the shower was in need of a good upgrade and - you guessed it - TINY! The &quot;famous&quot; Cardiff breakfast was served in a cramped hot dining room another floor down. It was adequate but not noteworthy except for the speed with which the plates were removed. On both mornings I had unfinished food removed at great speed.On the bright side, the hotel is in a fabolous location and the room was clean. If you are booking ask for a room on a low floor. London itself was fabulous Go there.	
Aug 1 2007 	cheap and cheerful	The Cardiff offers a fair price for a reasonable standard of accommodation. It is aging and it is small but that is reflected in the price. Our internet booking was smooth and when we arrived we could pay in cash or have card debited in Pounds sterling or in our case Aussie dollars. Staff are helpful with maps and info, and will mind bags after checkout for the day with no fee. We had plenty of hot water, tea/coffee (don't expect this in Europe) comfy pillows and a fan. The location is better than anywhere else unless you can afford taxis whenever you like. There is the Heathrow Express or to save 7 pounds per passenger a similar train that stops at 4 stations. Find the right exit from Paddington station (up the road ramp) or from Paddington underground and you are less than 200 metres from the door.Next time (a) if we had more cash we would look for something fancier in the exact same area or (b) very happily stay there again.	
Jul 29 2007 	just ok	We stayed at the Cardiff for 3 nights. The location was good and the front desk staff very nice. Our sheets were not changed in the 3 nights we were there. With water conservation this would normally not worry me however they were badly stained and ripped. The bedrooms were a decent size but the bathroom was very tiny.	
Jul 3 2007 	Not the best or the worst!!	Booked the Cardiff after our 1st and 2nd choice hotels were fully booked - checking the reviews here it seemed ok.It's in a great location for the tube and main train lines, just a 2-3 minute walk from Paddington station.We were given room 16 on arrival, a triple room on the 4th floor (no lift so journey up never ending flights of stairs with a suitcase isn't much fun!!), when we got to the top of the stairs our room was still being cleaned so we waited for around 10 minutes for the bed to be made. Walking into the room and it didn't smell too good at all, really musty and damp, my husband sat on the edge of the double bed to change his shoes and when he got up his jeans were soaked!! - The whole bottom of the bed, that had just been made, was soaked right the way through!!The reason the room smelt so bad and the bed was soaking was because of a huge leak in the ceiling which was bowed about 4'' with water and was about to come down at any time!! - I'm just so glad we found it when we did!!We were given an alternative room straight away, which was identical but without the indoor pool!! - When we got back that evening a very thoughtful bottle of wine with a note from the owner was left for us as an apology, which we thought was very nice.The rooms are really small in this hotel and the bathrooms even smaller and although they are very tired they are kept clean and are comfortable - it's not as though you spend a lot of time in your room as a tourist anyway!Breakfast is plentiful but very early (7-8.45) and we suggest you get there before 8 for a table.Overall it's not the best we have stayed in for the money but definately not the worst and all the staff are very pleasant and helpful.	
Jul 3 2007 	Just right	Stayed here for 2 nights in June and the best thing about it was its location. If you're planning on travelling in and out of, or even ard London frequently, this is the place for you. Thanks to its proximity to Paddington railway and underground, wheeling my 20kg luggage only had to be done for abt 2-3 minutes.I requested for a single en-suite on the top floor as I didn't want to be disturbed by street traffic. Bad idea, since my luggage was huge and there weren't any lifts. However, the room was pleasant albeit small, but entirely sufficient. The wireless internet worked fine as did all the power points. The kettle provided gave murky-coloured water though so I'd suggest buying your drinking water from the nearby convenience stores (open 24 hrs). The hot water was slightly problematic, it was either scalding hot or too cold, it was difficult trying to find the right balance although I did eventually manage to do so. The bathroom is small so be prepared, shut the lids of the toilet and bathroom door when you shower because the spray can get all over the place. A fan was provided.I read abt experiences other travellers had with the so-called rude breakfast staff but didn't find this to be true. The lady serving me was sufficiently pleasant.If you're looking for a place to sleep, this would do nicely. A word of caution though, don't expect the pretty flowers in the square as shown in the website, they're half dead!	
Jul 2 2007 	Good value	I just returned from a work trip to the UK, my first trip to Europe, in which I spent the first three nights at the Cardiff. I booked the Cardiff because I didn't want to spend too much money on accomodation but wanted a step up from a hostel, as well as somewhere with a good location and this fitted the bill.To be honest my very first impressions of the hotel were not that great ( that could have been the jet lag) but by the end of the stay I was really glad I had chosen to stay here.I stayed in a single room with an ensuite on the third floor. The stair way is quite narrow and the steps are steep, so I recommend anyone with mobility issues that wanted to stay ensure they have a room on the first floor. The room was very clean and had what I needed. The ensuite was quite small (like I couldn't streach out my arms), but again clean and did the job. All in all from the bit of research that I did, I think the room was good value for what I paid. In addition I found the room really quiet, apart from the odd person making thier way up the stair case. I only heard noise from the street a couple of times and never from other rooms.The cooked breakfast really make this a good value place to stay. The food was good and came quickly and the staff were friendly.Many other people seemed to be also travelling on their own, and I felt very comfortable, so I would definately recommend this property to people travelling on their own.The staff at the reception were accomodating, and I felt that if there was something I needed I could ask them and it wouldn't be a problem.The location of this hotel was fantastic and exactly what I wanted. Located right near Paddington it was no trouble from Heathrow airport and the underground. I found the underground really good and easy to understand. Most of the things that I wanted to see were near a tube station so I managed to get around london easily on the tube, and this saved me a lot of money compared to taking the sight seeing bus tours (which I think are a waste of money when the tube is so easy to use.)All in all, I would definately stay here again. In fact unless I was going to stay somewhere really luxury in london, it wouldn't be worth paying the extra to stay anywhere else. (unless you don't want to have to walk up all the stairs!)	
Jun 21 2007 	Convenient Location and Cosy Little Hotel	Very near to Paddington station which is convenient for travelling esp using the underground including to Heathrow airport. Staffs are polite and helpful (Alex and Nara) - could not expect for more as this was probably one of the better location in central london and not the most pricy.The hotel room and bathroom are very small however, given that hotels in central london for that price - not to expect much.	
May 31 2007 	Great location great price	We just returned from a five week trip to England and Ireland. We started at the Cardiff. The staff (Alex, Agnes and Nara) were fantastic. They made this average hotel above average. We were able to obtain a rate of $136/night because we stayed five nights and the fifth night was free. We had a small (but adequate) room upstairs but our friends had a larger room on the first floor. Everything was clean, water pressure in the shower was fine. It was a quiet location, but had restaurents close by. Also close by were Paddington Station (London metro and trains to Windsor and Oxford), bus stop and Kensington/Hyde Parks. Breakfast was a nice buffet for cold items and a full hot English breakfast.	
May 15 2007 	Loved the hotel and location	I stayed at the Cardiff Hotel for 3 nights recently. The hotel was exactly as advertised. The staff at reception were exceptionally friendly and helpful. I was given a hand drawn map of the area with all the info I needed, e.g. food, transport, bank, post office.I had booked a single (smoking room) which was located on the top floor. My room was a small ensuite, but it met all of my needs perfectly. It was located at the front overlooking a lovely little park and was very bright and private. It had a tv, phone, tea / coffee and hairdryer. It cost £55.00 per night.My Bed had Cotton Sheets and feather pillows which was a luxury I had not expected. I was delighted by this special touch.The room was very clean and housekeeping staff came each morning to make bed and change towels, etc.Breakfast is just wonderful with lots of fruit, cereal, yoghurt, full English breakfast and earl grey tea!Paddington station and underground is just around the corner and is perfect for visiting all parts of London. There is an internet cafe just across the road (many people had problems with getting online though) and a few shops and restaurants. As a single woman travelling alone, I felt very safe in this area. It rained for the whole weekend and Nara at reception loaned me an unbrella which I was most greatful. I have never met such friendly and helpful staff, in particular Nara and Maria. Such lovely people. I felt I'd known them all my life... I would definately stay here again. I have stayed in much more expensive establishments in the past, but I would rate the Cardiff Hotel as one of the best.Bad points: No lift. (Two rest stops required on way to top floor!)Breakfast finished too early: at 8.45amCarpets needed cleaning from stains, but otherwise very clean.None of these negative points bothered me excessively, but they might bother some people.Overall a very good hotel with friendly helpful staff in a great location	
May 8 2007	Handy London Hotel	Good location close to the Tube. Hotel clean and comfortable. Room was very small and basically furnished. Staff polite and helpful. Good shops and retaurants close by. English breakfast served as part of package was good.	
May 5 2007 	Excellent Location but that's about it!!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Cardiff for a week in early March. We could not have asked for a better location in London. It was so easy to get to being so close to Paddington Station. The Heathrow Express only takes about 15 minutes to get there from the airport. Paddington station offers you a variety of Tube Lines so we had no problems getting around London. However the hotel is pretty much what you pay for. It is more like a hostel in terms of the size of the bedroom and bathroom. In fact the &quot;bathroom&quot; was absolutely disgraceful. It was no bigger than a broom closet. I was expecting it to be small but even I was shocked by its minuteness. The breakfast was not all that great either, but I suppose it's what you pay for. The bacon was dry and the eggs plastic. The staff were extremely friendly but did lack some essential London knowledge, eg a simple question about a weekly transport card had them stumped. The room on the street at night was a bit noisy but I suppose that is the price you pay to have such a good location near the train station and several nice small pubs and restaurants. I probably wouldn't stay here again and pay a bit more to go elsewhere. But for the price I suppose we could not complain about the Cardiff.	
May 2 2007 	Good Value Location	I stayed on my own for just one night recently, attracted by the price and location. And that's really what the place has going for it. My room was mid-sized and clean, the decor a bit old fashioned and drab but fine considering the price. The location so close to Paddington is great, especially if you are coming from Heathrow on the Express. And the surrounding area is lively, even while I was there on a Tuesday. So, not a bad option if you're watching your budget.	
Apr 11 2007 	good value unbeatable location	I stayed in Cardiff for 3 nights in during Easter with my husband and my goddaughter. Having had horrible experiences in overpriced hotels in London, I was very cautious about the hotel I'd book for my goddaughter's first visit to London. Also my husband's pet peeve is the abysmally bad price/quality ratio of London hotels, so I was merely looking for an OK experience.We all loved the Cardiff.Yes, the hotel is old, and shows its age. The furnishings are worn and the decor outdated. Rooms are small just as in all London hotels and the bathrooms are also small. There are no freebie toiletries or chocolates on pillows, but there never are in hotels within this price range (you can buy shampoo from the reception).However, the room was very clean (definitely no bed bugs or mice here!) and by far not the smallest one I've had during my numerous trips to London. We had a triple room on the lower ground floor, facing the square. The beds were comfy, the TV worked, there was plenty of hot water and adequate water pressure for showering. OK, the toilet cistern took for ages to fill up and the bathroom ventilation was not very efficient, but these were not major issues for us. (BTW: in previous reviews someone complained about the sheets not being changed every day: it is part of the hotel's efforts to be eco-friendly, but if you notify them, you can have fresh sheets every day if you want)The service was very friendly. We arrived in the middle of the night and got a very warm welcome. Also the breakfast staff was very nice even if they were a bit busy. The breakfast was good: both a buffet of cerals, fruit, juice and youghurt plus a full English one if you like. The location is unbeatable: literally 100 meters from Paddington tube station and a number of buses (some running 24/7) stopping equally close. Hyde Park is only 5 min walk away. Plenty of restaurants and corner shops in the area. However, what we most enjoyed was the feeling of the proprietors really caring for their clientele. There were little touches such as a very informative information folder in the room, the possibility of buying sight-seeing tickets at the reception, the numerous guide books in the lounge, the small chocholate easter eggs on the saucers in breakfast etc. that made us feel that we were in a good, old, family-run hotel. This is not a feeling that you generally get in London these days!To put it short: It's not fancy, it's not new but it is clean, friendly and overall a good place to stay and you really are cared for. The price/quality ration is exceptionally good for London, and you can't beat the location.	
Apr 8 2007 	A Convenient and Pleasant Place to Stay	It was my first visit to London and the Cardiff Hotel was a convenient place to stay during the week-long trip. They had a deal on their website for the room including hop on/hop off bus tickets, which picked us up right by the hotel. Transportation was incredibly convenient with the Paddington train and tube station literally a block from the hotel doors. Also, there are multiple bus lines that stop nearby, making it easy to get around the city at all hours of the day. The neighborhood is pretty quiet and calm, with restaurants, shops, and a post office nearby.The hotel is small but the people working there are generally friendly. They were quick to respond to my reservation request and when we had a problem with the shower, they changed us to a different room. The rooms were a bit small and both rooms had windows with no views but overall, it had everything we needed. The breakfast was good and the service was prompt. They had the full breakfast with eggs, bacon, baked beans, tomato and toast as well as a buffet of juices, jellies, cereals, and fruits.Overall, we had a pleasant stay at the hotel.	
Mar 11 2007	Great location for public transport access	I had an enjoyable stay at this hotel for 2 nights in Jan 2007. They have a very good breakfast spread of cereals, juice, breads in addition to the English Breakfast. Tube and bus accessibility make this location an excellent choice although the immediate area has a great number of hotels to select from. If you want to find a bargain, just go door-to-door around the block. I ended up moving to a hotel across the street where I booked a double room for roughly the same rate. The breakfast there wasn't as good though.	
Mar 3 2007	An enjoyable stay	The Cardiff delivered on what it promised. The front of the building is almost visible from the Paddington train station exit. About a one minute walk. There are also pubs, restaurants and shops all around it, one shop conveniently open 24hrs a day. Food is no problem, I woke up at 1.30 am one morning and felt a bit hungry so decided to call into a KFC just around the corner for a quick bite. The reception staff were very helpful and provided me with a guide book and map free of charge. I stayed 4 nights and had an en suite single and while it was a small room, it had a tv, tea and coffee, phone, hairdryer and a comfy bed. The shower was particularly small but had excellent pressure and plenty of hot water. The room was also very clean and fresh smelling. Breakfast was very pleasant. My order was always taken very quickly and the food arrived fast as well. The &quot;Full English&quot; tasted good and you could have as much tea/coffee, toast, cereal, orange juice as you wanted. Faults would be the thin doors that don't keep noise out so well (though noise was not a problem) and the fact that it was quite tough climbing 4 or 5 flights of stairs to get to my room (no lift). So if you are looking for an economical base for an adventure around London, you won't go far wrong with the Cardiff.	
Feb 11 2007	Lovely stay	My Son and I had a most enjoyable stay at this good value hotel. Desk staff Alex, Nara and Agnus were more than helpful. Each morning we had a delicious English breakfast from happy staff especially Maria, nothing was a problem. If you are looking for good value for your Australian Dollar than I recommend the Cardiff Hoel. It is very clean, good food, friendly staff and a great location. We will certainly stay there again.	
Feb 7 2007	What a little gem!	When searching for hotels in London you come accross some horror stories - bed bugs, unclean rooms, moddy staff, etc.....NONE of these applied to The Hotel Cardiff!After trawling through many internet sites (including Trip Advisor), and looking through many hotels I finally decided, about 2 days before I was due to stay, to book in to this hotel.I have to admit being worried, even though nearly all the reviews I'd read had been excellent, however there was no need!I e-mailed through my reservation enquiry, and I got back a very pleasant E-mail informing me of the available rooms, so I rang and booked. The telephone manner was excellent and so the room was booked without any problems.I booked a single en-suite room for 2 nights at £45 per night including breakfast.Now... Upon arrival at Padington...I hadn't recieved a map from the hotel which is usually common place..but I didn't think anything about it as had a little map book from an earlier trip to London on business...however Norfolk square where the hotel is situated wasn't on the map...so I wandered around for about 20 mins looking for the hotel...which when i found it was just around the corner from the tube station!So that's a very minor point.The front desk staff were very pleasant and allowed me to see my room before payment (which must be done on arrival..and yes they do accept cards). This is the only other slight niggle..the room was right on the very very top floor...alright for me..20 something male... but you wouldn't want to do it more than twice a day!However the room was spotlessly clean with tea and coffee facilities, freshly made bed, and of course it's own bathroom (also spotless!).Other reviews have mentioned that the bathroom was a little on the small side....and well yes I suppose it is.... but it's similar to one which I'd had at university...it was perfectly, more than adequate for what you need a bathroom for!I had a wonderfulnights sleep, and to say the hotel is so handy for shops, tube, and...well anything else you might need it was very quiet.The breakfasts in the morning were wonderful, cooked english or eggs. The English was very tasty and not too heavy.As well as the cooked part there were cereals, fruit, tea, coffee, fruit juice, and as much toast as you could possibly want to eat!The staff were very pleasant and friendly, nearly always smiling, which when you're awayfrom home it's nice to see on a morning.So the Cardiff Hotel, a friendly, happy, CLEAN, place to stay in London!(Literally 1 minute from the tube - if you get off the circle line turn right out of the enterance..not left like I did at first! Then it's about a 10 minute tube ride to Kings Cross. Perfect location!)	
Jan 30 2007	Great location1	A good hotel near Paddington. Rooms are somewhat small and worn but very clean. Staff is friendly and a fantastic value for London. Near some good restaurants and around the corner from the Underground.	
Nov 28 2006 	Blah Blah Blah	It wasn't fantastic. The benefits of this place involve its location to the Tube (via Paddington station), to a close laundrette, green grocer, internet cafe and restaurants.Our room was small. Some body contortion was required to walk around the bed. We were on the first floor and could hear every person who came and went (including when they were on the loo and what they were doing there). We had an ensuite. Sometimes the loo flushed - and sometimes it didn't. Not totally cramped but very small. The shower had great pressure but for someone not used to the one-dial tap it will present some confusion. Service was... okay. No rudeness but no interest in what they were doing. Breakfast was okay. Best part about it was choice: hot breakfast (of either breakfast sausages, bacon, eggs, baked beans, and toast) or cold breakfast (of a couple of different cereals, fruit salad). Coffee, tea and fruit juice are on offer.I'd stay again but only as we didn't spend much time in the room - we got up early, had breakfast and didn't see the room until after dinner.But! It isn't luxury and any person staying there must be prepared. It has amazing potential but is in desperate need of a makeover.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great value	Following extensive reviewing of hotels in London on Tripadvisor(which is a must before booking) we decided to book the Cardiff hotel in Paddington.My wife and i had a double room on the third floor(beware NO LIFT) which was clean and tidy. The bathroom was tiny but didnt bother us at all.Breakfast was good,as is the hotel position,very close to Paddington Station.As a base from which to explore it is ideal and excellent value for money.Recommended.If your after a late drink and some food then forget this area.Two pubs the Dickens and Sawyers stop tap at 11pm with the Sussex Arms open til 12.The Mughals indian restaurant waste of time for a late meal,we settled for alfresco fish and chips from the chippie next to the Sussex and this at mid night on a Friday in of the supposed major capital cities of the world.	
Oct 22 2006 	Ideal location	We stayed at the Cardiff Hotel for one night in a double room. This was our second visit to the hotel, and it was just as good as the first visit. The location is literally 5 mins walk from Paddington Station, and Tube Station.The hotel is near to several restaurants, shops and the London bus tour stops 2 mins walk away, there is also an ATM close by as well.The location is also ideal to walk to Oxford Street which is approx 10 mins walk away. Our room was ensuite and on the small side, but clean tidy and with plenty of hot water. The breakfast is inclusive, and is very good with plenty of choice, including full english, plus cereals, fruit, toast, yoghurt, fruit juice and tea and coffee.All the staff we encountered where very pleasnat and helpful.We'll stay here again next time.	
Sep 29 2006	very good stay	I stay for 3 days with my friends in 2 quad rooms. we're 8 adults.quad room. Clean but a little bit small for 4 adults. Maybe perfect for a family with childs. Excellent position. normal breakfast.p.s quad room are at the ground floor but are without view.	
Aug 14 2006 	Great Service and Breakfast	This was our second stay at the Cardiff. This time we brought the rest of the family. We had a triple, two doubles and a single. The staff were great, and let us move rooms due the the heat wave, as one of the first rooms had little ventalation. They also provided extra fans for the triple room. Also we different parts of our group paying for different rooms at different times, the front desk staff had no trouble meeting our needs. One of the best parts of the Cardiff is the breakfast. The cereal buffet, fresh and can fruit and of course the full English, gets your day off to a great start.While the single room had a great new modern toilet and shower, the triple and doubles are begining to show wear. Even with this, the hotel is comfortable, and the price, while expensive for Canadian standards, it seemed very reasonable for London. The neighbourhood is great. Lots of pubs, restaurants, shops and close to bus routes, the underground, Paddington Station and even a great walk to Little Venice. Overall it was a great stay again.	
Jul 27 2006 	Lovely staff	Great location, we had a room overlooking the garden in the square which was beautiful at the begining of June. Do ask for a higher level room if you can manage the stairs ( it was hard after breakfast) as it means you are above street / pavement noise.Wonderful breakfast and excellent value for our NZ dollars budget .	
Jun 30 2006	lovely cosy place to stay	We really enjoyed our stay at the Cardiff Hotel and felt very at home. We got 5 nights for the price of 4 making it very good value and were pleasantly surprised by the freshly decorated room, not large but good for the price, and lovely garden view. The room was quiet and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was the best part of my stay, very generous buffet with fresh fruit, yoghurts etc and the big fry up for my husband. Staff were always smiling and willing to help. We have styed in a couple of other budget places in London and the Cardiff was by far the nicest. A lovely stay in London and we will definitely return.	
Apr 22 2006	More than adequate	My husband and two adult children shared a quad room for four nights, two things to remember when thinking of this Hotel are - 1. this is budget accommodation and 2. this is London. Our room was of adequate size holding a double bed and two singles, with a small foyer which the bathroom lead off. The bathroom was typical english - small but big enough to do what is needed - I have stayed in a 5* hotel in London and the bathroom wasn't that much bigger just had fancy fittings, thinking about it nor was the bedroom. Breakfast was more than adequate, served by friendly staff. Cereal etc. help yourself and plenty of, standard cooked breakfast if you want. Reception staff were friendly and helpful - the days we were in London were extremely cold and coming from an Aussie summer we really felt it. When returning to the hotel of an afternoon staff happily turned the heating to our room on, over riding the automatic system for us. The Cardiff is very handy to the train station both overland and tube, bus stops nearby, big bus sightseeing stop, plenty of restaurants and other eateries (incl. Burger King and KFC), internet cafe, laundromat and other shops. I would happily recommend the Cardiff Hotel to anyone, keeping in mind though it is budget accommodation.	
Apr 20 2006	Good price\Good breakfast\few stops to down town	If you want to visit London without spending a lot of money in accomodation , Cardiff Hotel is a good choice.The bathroom is very tiny but clean, and also the room .Breakfast is very nice and there are a tube/railway station and a bus stop 2 minutes walking from the hotel.The hotel is next to many restants.There is no lift, so you must &quot;climb&quot; the steps	
Feb 6 2006	About what I expected	Something to keep in mind when reviewing a hotel is the value versus price. My wife and I wanted a budget trip to London, and since we are active travellers, i.e. get out early and stay out late, the quality of the hotel was not a top priority. Granted, this hotel is not on the level of the Waldorf Astoria or even an average Holiday Inn. But, considering the price we paid, the location and the actual time we spent in the room, I would consider staying here again. Here are the pros and cons we would give the Cardiff Hotel:Pros: Location. (BIG) A 3-minute walk to Paddington station and you can be anywhere in London. We found the ammenities numerous--internet cafe, liquor store, laundry, grocery, Indian restaurant, pub(s) within 100 yards. Plus the fact that it is in a relatively quiet section of hotels, with a park facing the property it is a definite plus. A five-minute walk will get you to Hyde Park!Price. We stayed in late January 2006, and paid 55 (about $95) pounds/nite, which was a decent value. I don't think I would say the same thing for our room with Summer rates. $95/night with breakfast in Central London in an acceptable hotel is a deal.Breakfast. Wide selection and good, freindly service. As far as English breakfasts go it was very acceptable.Cons:Rooms. Extremely small (it was as tall as it was wide). If you plan to have leisurely days sleeping in or hanging out, this is not the hotel for you. Our shower had duct tape around the bottom, and forget about any hot water after about 8:00 am. Our sink was slightly larger than an American football (really). The carpet was overdue to be replaced, and my wife found the bed uncomfortable. We did, however have a room on the second floor facing the square, which was nice. We had a space heater in the room, which was fortunate because the radiator was irradic. Note: The only bathroom items provided are soap and towels. I don't think they changed our sheets our entire stay (eight nights). No lift. When you reserve a room, ask for the lowest floor possible, unless you like climbing narrow staircases. Overall, the inconveniences were bearable, the location is excellent, and the value for the money was acceptable. If you want a decent hotel to generally sleep and store your stuff while you enjoy this fascinating city, you will not be dissapointed.	
Jan 21 2006	Good value and location	The hotel is in a nice area, very convenient to Paddington Station (with a convenient express train from Heathrow). At the time there was even a stop on the London Bus Tour across the street. The staff was generally friendly and the breakfast was nice. The room was the typical London hotel, I guess -- small but efficient. The room was generally clean with a TV, desk, bed and nightstand (pretty minimal). The bathroom was very tiny. All in all a decent value for the money.	
Nov 14 2005	Cozy well priced hotel..see my pictures	There are hundreds of budget hotels to choose from in London and I've read all the horror stories too..it's difficult to make a decision when one person is raving about a hotel and then someone else says it's the worst place they have ever stayed. I poured over the reviews and did some research online and ended up finding the Cardiff Hotel. One huge factor in my decision is that they responded to my e-mails very quickly. I changed my plans a couple times and they were very quick to make adjustments via e-mail for me. I found a good deal on the room thru one of those online services and I contacted the hotel directly and asked if I could simply book right with them for that price and they honored it.  I also heard they had a full English breakfast included so that was another plus. :) When it came time to finally roll into the Cardiff, I found it was part of two very long, probably at one time apartment buildings facing each other that had been broken up and sold to several different hotels. So the photo you may have seen on the web of a big white giant hotel has the Cardiff as part of it and other hotels as well. They have a 24 hour reception desk which I like..there is always someone there. Your key fits your room and the front door which is always locked. Everyone spoke English and were always pleasant and accomodating.  True to other reviews, there is no elevator, you will have to pull your bags upstairs..but if an able bodied adult cannot pull luggage up a couple flights of stairs I would recommend joining a gym :)...and asking ahead for a room on the 1st or 2nd floor will help minimize the amount of hoisting you will have to do. I had no problem as a woman getting my stuff up to the second floor. OK, admittedly, when I put the key in the door and opened it I burst out laughing..the only real Achilles Heel of the hotel..the single rooms are incredibly tiny. I mean really small! I wasn't sure I would be able to hack it for 2 weeks in there, but really, your attitude is everything. You find you can adapt and it's no big deal in the end. My room had a recently put in bathroom unit..I paid a few dollars extra for that, otherwise you use the toilet down the hall from the room. It is a small but adequate unit with a shower, toilet and sink. I have read many complaints about small bathrooms in London hotels but one should actually consider themselves lucky to have one in the room. I really don't care about things like the size of bathrooms, I mean how long do you plan to be in the shower? Most of the time you will be out enjoying yourself.  Breakfast is served from 7-9 am and is pretty expansive. A choice of cereal, yogurt, juices, fresh fruit, and of course the English breakfast. Only tiny complaint is they only make the either fried or hardboiled with a runny yolk, which I don't like. Again, nothing worth worrying about. The wait staff was friendly and quick to serve and spoke English.  The reception staff was also friendly and can provide you with information about local sights and sounds, they also can sell you phone cards to use in your room to make international/local calls and were always very prompt to get the heat on in my room when I called down for it. No complaints here. The hotel is very close to Paddington station (walking distance) which is where the Heathrow Express drops you off from the airport. Also nearby are plenty of mini marts, food places, internet cafes (I recommend Reload which is a short walk from the hotel) and Paddington Underground is very close too so you can easily hop onto the tube and be off. Another small thing is that my window was above the sidewalk outside the hotel so you do get noise from people talking and cars parking, etc. It's actually a smaller road next to a park square so it's not like major traffic noise but enough that you may want to bring a pair of earplugs is that bothers you or see if you can get a room that doesn't face the street. Also you can sometimes hear people in the room next door but it wasn't really much of an issue. After a while the place was starting to feel like home. I was greeted with a smile when I came in at night from my fun days in London. The place did not smell, the carpet looked pretty new and my room was clean and no smoke odors. There was nothing damp or musty about the place. The room was made up for me daily with a fresh towel and bar of soap. Small but adequate TV is mounted on wall above bed. Tea maker with tea and coffee in room. Just bring your own shampoo. I have attached photos of my room to give you an idea of what it was like. American tourists are often shocked at the size of the rooms and sometimes lack of regular sized bathrooms the rooms too. You need to go in knowing what to expect, that these are very old buildings that can only be modernized so far. It is a *budget* hotel. And in my opinion a pretty good one. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. I would stay there again!If you have any questions I can help you with about the hotel or London in general you can e-mail me at serafinsgirl@yahoo.com and I will try to help you out.	
Sep 5 2005	Know what you're getting going in and you'll be fine here	I'd read enough reviews of this place in planning our trip to avoid some of the issues reported here. I requested a lower room and got the first floor, which I'd recommend to anyone planning to stay here. We faced Norfolk Square which is actually quite attractive. We did have a few noise problems with people walking through at night, but generally it was fine. Now for the other bad and good points:The Bad:Yes, the rooms are small. It doesn't help that much of the available space on the vanity is taken up by the television and the teapot, especially since TV reception is marginal and the electric teapot didn't work at all.Breakfast wasn’t quite as good as we’d expected. Cereals and fruit were plentiful and the selection of jams was excellent, but the English breakfast was rather disappointing. The bacon was extremely salty – much more than I’d ever tasted before – and the staff only serves one banger per breakfast unless you request otherwise. Also, eggs may only be ordered sunny-side-up or over-easy. For some reason, they can’t/won’t scramble eggs. Go figure.The staff was pleasant enough, but sometimes their command of the English language left a bit to be desired.The Good: I have two basic criteria a hotel must pass for me to consider it worthwhile and this property passes on both. First, the showers, though cramped, were warm and had great water pressure. Second, the beds were firm but not too much so. I slept really well in them.It would be hard to beat this property’s location. Enough people have described the hotel’s proximity to Paddington Station that I don’t really need to, but I haven’t seen anyone mention the fact that the Big Bus sightseeing tour has a stop within 50 feet of the hotel’s front door. Restaurants, pubs, shops, money changing stores, and a couple of Internet cafés are just steps away in addition to the shopping and eating arcade within Paddington Station itself.While the problems with the TV and tea pot were annoyances, the fact is we didn't spend much time in the room so both of those points were essentially moot.In summary, you can certainly stay in better places if you’re willing to pay the tab. Consider this hotel’s warts and decide if you can live with them. If you simply want shelter and are willing to deal with the shortcomings, the Cardiff will be fine. If you need plusher surroundings, there’s a Hilton at Paddington Station, a fairly new Quality within a few steps of the station, and a host of other small hotels in this neighborhood.	
Jun 20 2005	Hated the Cardiff Hotel	I climbed 79 steps up a narrow staircase, with occasionally loose bits of carpet, to a small and stuffy room on a hot and humid night. The room was clean and the area generally quiet but the bed was narrow, lumpy and uncomfortable. There was no shampoo provided, the shower and toilet were tiny and the lack of air conditioning was a real problem on the night that I stayed. The breakfast was fair but I found the room rather cramped. Generally there was a rather stale small about the place and my friend complained about the tang of cigarette smoke from the previous occupant. The only redeeming feature was the proximity to Paddington Station!	
Jun 4 2005	Pricey in Canadian dollars	Glitzy, it was not! However, it was handy, and even though we are in our sixty's the climb to the fourth floor was not impossible. Tough, but not impossible! Excellent food for breakfast in quaint dining room in basement. We were shown room in lower (basement) level. Would advise travellers not to take the lower floor as it is not as secure as the upper floors. The accommodation is reasonably clean, but shows wear and the rooms are small.	
Mar 21 2005	Best Value in London!	Our family of four found the Cardiff to be a real gem. I chose the Cardiff because of its proximity to Paddington station but found that that was not the main benefit of staying there. We were only there for one night as we had a stayover between airports being brought in at Gatwick and flown out of Heathrow. Although the Paddington train station is just a couple blocks away, we found that using the Tube to get to Heathrow was just as easy. It may take more time, but the Tube was much, much cheaper and only involved one transfer. (A serious consideration due to the current exchange rate!)Upon arrival by cab, we were greated most appreciatively and made to feel welcome. My teenage daughters felt so at home they decided not to leave for dinner. They would rather watch the tele! We found the variety of restaurants in the area to be exceptional. Everything is quite convenient in the area as there are many stores close by. We also enjoyed our first English breakfast there and were treated most kindly by our server who was very helpful to us first-timers.We loved the park right out the front door, the very pleasant staff, the cleanliness, and the location of the Cardiff and we would most certainly return.	
Mar 6 2005	Great value hotel..fantastic location	Our family of 3 stayed at the Cardiff for a few days before Christmas 2004 and again for a week at the end of January. We found it to be a vey convenient location, Heathrow Express, and the tube system. Rooms are compact but were kept clean and tidy by friendly staff, tea and coffee making facilities were a bonus. We enjoyed the English breakfast each morning which was always enough to keep us going till late in the day. Laundromat is across the road and inside Paddington Station is Sainsbury's and Marks and Spencer for day to day supplies.	
Jan 24 2005	A great place to stay	A cozy , friendly hotel with lots of character . I didn't have the breakfast as I had to leave early in the morning , but I had a great night's sleep ( what a warm , comfy bed ! ) . Excellent value for money . I would definitely stay there again !	
Dec 15 2004	A Dump	Worst Hotel we ve ever stayed in the carpets in the room and on the stairs were a disgrace the en suite was so small you could hardly move in it, the shower had duct tape around the bottom and was filthy, for what we payed we would have had a five star Hotel in Canada never again.	
Dec 2 2004	Liked the location and friendly people!	Our first visit to London. Spent 5 nights at Cardiff and liked it for the right price for London and convenient location. Triple room was OK but if you are more than 200 pounds it would be hard to move in the bathroom/shower. Breakfast was good and kept us going till late afternoon. Do not expect any extras in the hotel - very simple but clean. Have your shampoo, etc. with you. People (Brits in general) are very friendly and were ready to help with anything you need -in the hotel, on the streets, on the bus and the tube - we liked it a lot. Couple things we didn't like about hotel and London - lots of people smoke and second hand smoke is everywhere you go. Ask for a non-smoking room if you are non-smoker. Another thing you have to be aware of - the nearby grocery store &quot;Portland food and wine&quot;. I was shortchanged there twice and the Indian shopkeeper refused to give my change back. After that we were shopping at Sainsbury store at Paddington station - few minutes walk from the hotel but prices are much cheaper and they do not shortchange you!Overall we really enjoyed our stay at Cardiff.	
Sep 21 2004	Satisfactory	The best thing about the Cardiff is that it is so near to Paddington station...Buses, underground all is around. No, lift (elevator) so ask for a room on a low floor (and facing the garden), the rooms are definitely small - the breakfast is okay the staff can be helpful. The street noise dies down at night -but you can tell when it is morning. All in all, a budget hotel in London (hard to find). I got in on an Aug/Sept special... ask for specials, and check around different sites for different prices. Every little bit helps when the dollar is so low.	
Sep 7 2004	We should have stayed in the park.	We were prepared for small rooms, no a/c, and service different than found in America. But this was awful! We saved London for the end of our vacation so this was the last place we stayed. I am very glad we did, I may not have had the courage to keep going after this place. We stayed here in August and had to keep the window open because there was no a/c. However, there was a window from the next room facing ours about 4 feet away. There was just enough room for one person to walk around the bed at a time. The bathroom was so small you had to bend yourself around the sink in order to sit on the toilet. The light burnt out in the bathroom shortly after we arrived. We notified the front desk, but it was never fixed during our stay. The breakfast was not worth going to. We didn't plan on spending much time watching television, but the olympics were on and we wanted to see the diving. They did have a television, but the only thing with any picture you could make out was the cctv for the front desk. I always try to find something good so I will say the hotel is close to Paddington Station and there is a lovely park out front.	
Aug 31 2004	Cardiff Hotel. . .just what we hoped!	We booked the Cardiff Hotel, as one of many during our 10-day U.K. tour, after reading Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. We are a couple in our 60s and knew that the hotel rooms would be small and that there was no elevator, but we only planned to be in the room to sleep and we had packed light (one carry-on each) so did not have problems negotiating the stairs. We requested and got a room at the front overlooking Norfolk Square and it was very clean and bright. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Paddington Station, so it was easy to get anywhere in London. It was also a great location for us since we were heading further north and our train left from Paddington. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast was hot, quick, and filling. The only negative we saw was the tiny shower (my husband is football player size) which also had some mold in the caulking. In spite of that, we would definitely stay at the Cardiff again and would recommend it to others who have similar requirements.	
Aug 12 2004 	Well worth staying	I have stayed at the Cardiff Hotel as my default hotel in London for many years and have got a great affection for it. It is certainly not posh and if you are placed on the upper floors it is a bit tiring to get to the rooms without a lift. I must have stayed in all the single and double rooms over the years and they do differ and can be a little 'faded'. However, gradually many of them are being renovated and are fine as simply a nighttime base with OK beds, clean bedding, small but adequate bathrooms, tea and coffee, tv etc.Generally, I have found the staff behind reception very friendly and accommodating. The breakfast has improved a lot over the years to offer far more choice and large quantities, and I like the fact that the traditional British breakfast is cooked when you want it rather than be prepared earlier and lie around under an inadequate heater.The staff in the breakfast room (who also clean the rooms) have changed over the years from being predominantly Australasian, through Spanish and Portuguese, to the current concentration on people from various Eastern European countries. The guests tend to be an interesting mix of holiday makers from all over the world, UK tradesmen dong contract work in London during the week, and a few professionals like myself, who like the location and the budget price.It is worth looking on their website to find out about bargains especially in the winter months.I have stayed in far more expensive hotels in London and had a less satisfactory stay. As long as you are fairly easygoing, you will enjoy the Cardiff.	
Aug 7 2004	OK hotel - convenient location		
Jul 12 2004	Location locationlocation		
Jun 23 2004	Close to Paddington		
Jun 21 2004	PERFECT Location		
Apr 12 2004	Nice B 		
Apr 7 2004	NICE VIEWS		
Mar 31 2004	Crummy Cardiff		
Mar 26 2004	Lovely B		
Nov 16 2009 	perfecto lo recomiendo		
Oct 14 2009 	Repetiré la próxima vez		
Oct 1 2009 	Muy Recomendable		
Aug 18 2009 	Buen hotel para lo que se estila en Inglaterra		
Aug 13 2009 	Buena y decente opción para alojarse en Londres		
May 31 2009 	Desayuno increible		
Jan 27 2009 	Hotel Super Sympa!!!!!		
Jan 4 2009 	No vayas a este hotel		
Aug 12 2008	bellissima permanenza		
Jul 30 2008 	Gute Lage aber fragliches Hotel		
May 27 2008 	Hotel bien situé pour un week-end à Londres		
Apr 26 2008 	Confort et tranquillité		
Jan 9 2008 	Très bien situé		
Aug 9 2007 	das Hotel ist sehr empfehlenswert !!!		
Mar 29 2007 	Aceptable con buenos desayunos ingleses.		
