Nov 15 2009 	Pleasant Hotel	My friend and I spent two nights at this hotel and were impressed with both the cleanliness and staff. We booked the hotel as we were attending a function nearby otherwise we would normally stay in a more central location. The only disappointment was that breakfast was not included in the rate although there were several restaurants within easy walking distance and we could have paid extra for breakfast at a reduced rate on check-in.I would recommend a meal at the Camden Brasserie which is just across the road. We had dinner here on our first night and thoroughly enjoyed it.	
Oct 25 2009 	A hassle-free stay in a clean friendly hotel.	This hotel is very well-placed for exploring the delights of Camden Markets and Lock.We couldn't check in until 2p.m. but were allowed to drop our bags off early, which helped.Room was quite spacious with two large double beds and a reasonable sized bathroom.Clean and quiet are my main requirements, and we got both.Friendly reception and a nice meeting area with coffee bar and tables.Breakfast very expensive but only adaquate - nothing to justify the price really.Next time I'd eat at one of the many places nearby.	
Oct 24 2009 	Wouldnt stay there again due to the poor service!	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor, and the hotel being in the perfect location as we were travelling to go to the Robbie Williams concert at the Roundhouse, we decided to book with this hotel despite being quite expensive! Booked over the phone with no problems and good service however whe we turned up at reception they had told us that our room had been cancelled and we werent notified!!!! Despite this they were fully booked and we had travelled for hours and definately needed a room. The reason for this was because there had been an issue with the payment as apparently if using a switch card to pay it needs to be physically there if you dont have an issue number???!!! There excuse was that they couldnt get through on my mobile and had left a message which never came through! Although they never tried to post or email me as accordinging to them this is not there policy even if they have them details!!!!! So they had cancelled a room and not notified us!!!!!!!! Terrible service we were left waiting in reception for over an hr and eventully when he magically found us a room...he offered no benefits or discounts and acted like he was doing us a favour!!!!!! The hotel however was very clean, good rooms, excellent breakfast however due to all the hassle we wouldnt stay here or in a Holiday Inn again.....although Robbie was absolutely amazing and overshadowed the rubbish hotel service!	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable Hotel in Pleasent location	The hotel is modern and seems quite new. The rooms are of a good size and are very clean. The place was also noise free at night considering it was in LondonThe hotel is about 4 minutes from Camden town tube and while the northern line is not the greatest to be on as you will have to change the majority of times its only 1 stop from kings cross station and only a few stops from oxford st. did not have breakfast there is quite expensive went to nearby diner. The hotel is beside a starbucks and a wagamama and it beside the markets of Camden which I found lovely but the area did not appeal to my older mother as there is a lot of teens and young adults with tattoos, skateboards and dressed wildly about so maybe not the best area for older or more conservative people. There are also not alot of nice restaurants more pub grub around. The internet in hotel is quite expensive but overall good stay esp of you get the rate we did on hotwire makes it a bargin compared to other lower class hotels in central London.	
Oct 7 2009 	1st class hotel. Best Holiday Inn i have stayed in. Made me feel at home	The hotel is located in a lively part of the town. Easy to find. Hotel is very modern and bedrooms very clean and of a suitable size.The staff were really attentive and made me feel at ease during my stay. Even when i passed a member of staff in the corridor they were very welcoming.Breakfast was busy but had a good selection of food. More so than in any others which i have stayed at.Easy access to the west end and Oxford street.1st class hotel.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location	Excellent location in Camden, overlooking the lock and market and 5 mins from tube. Stayed in room 213. Immediate view is of office building, but when you open doors of room, you can see good view of lock and market if you look to your left. When arrived in room, TV didn't work and there were no shampoo or conditioner in bathroom, but staff were very apologetic and it was all sorted out in less then 5 minutes. Breakfast was £9.95 each if you paid for it when checking in (otherwise £12.95 on the day) and was good value as good selection and eat as much as wanted. Went into hotel to book and was offered standard rate, when pressed they then offered the advance booking rate, but found a cheaper rate online with hotels.com.	
Sep 22 2009 	Wonderful stay	Four 18 year old girls traveling alone for the first time. Booked this hotel through Hotwire for seven nights. We got two nice rooms with two double beds in each. Though our windows faced a brick wall, this meant that we heard no outside noise at night, which was perfect. Tried the restaurant one night, and they had really good food. And the staff were really nice and helpful.	
Sep 9 2009 	Hotel and location great but beware of referrals from the front desk	We spent 8 nights at this hotel and overall had a very pleasant experience. The neighborhood was lively and an interesting place to shop. Hotel is close to Camden Lock tube station. Only have 1 major negative to report: DO NOT ALLOW THE HOTEL TO CALL YOU A TAXI. Twice we arranged for taxi service through the front desk. Each time we believe we were overcharged. For example return charge to Paddington Station was 5 pounds more than inbound trip. Note that taxis provided by hotel were not typical black London taxis. They were guys in minivans who had dubious taxi meters. Otherwise experience was pretty good. Would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great London location - full of character"	The Hotel was fine, very friendly staff and good amenties. The location was great, just on Camden Lock and the Markets, which is brilliant for our 14 year old daughter. Lots of restaurants to chose from. The Mango Room near the Camden Town tube station is fabulous. Great food.Only a short walk to Primrose Hill which has magnificent views across the city.All in all we had a great time.	
Aug 25 2009 	Generally pretty good	Stayed here on business. Location not ideal, but hotel generally pretty good - rooms nice and large by London standards, although furniture a bit cheap. Service at check-in a little brusque but nevertheless efficient. Did not try breakfast. Ironing board a bit crappy. Otherwise not bad - just remember that the location means it may be a bit noisy. Plenty of good restaurants etc. nearby, although area may not be to the taste of some business travellers.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good value just be prepared for the neighborhood	We spent 5 nights here in two separate rooms. For London, I thought the rooms were quite spacious and were very clean. We had an issue with the A/C that took a couple of calls to maintenance to get resolved, but it was eventually fixed. Main objection regarding the hotel was it's location, and the noise level. We were put into two rooms on the 2nd floor overlooking Jamestown road, which by itself was not a busy or noisy road, but there is a bar across the street on the corner which has a very loud outdoor clientelle until well after 1 am on Friday and Saturday nights. I observed in advance the possible problem when we checked in, and was told that it never a problem, which in fact it was, so I think they were just wanting us to take the room knowing we probably wouldn't want to uproot and switch once we had settled in. The location is right next to Camden road and Camden Market, which is frequented by seemingly no one other than tattooed and body pierced individuals. Most of the storefronts along the street are tattoo parlors or t-shirt shops, or both. We never really felt unsafe, but just know this before you go and be prepared for a little bit of culture shock if you are not used to tattoos, multi-colored hair, and piercings all over the face.	
Aug 8 2009 	Pleasant and functional	Ideal for exploring the Camden Town area, Regents Park / Zoo, Primrose Hill, etc, and still only 15 minutes from Leicester Square on the Northern Line, this is a well-located hotel.I booked via the Holiday Inn website and the photos there make the hotel look very contemporary and almost boutiquey. The hotel doesn't quite live-up to those images - it is clean, modern, functional and pretty-much provides everything that you could need from a hotel at this price range, but it wasn't quite as funky as I had expected for this location and there was far too much cheap 'wood' veneer. The room was of an okay size, but the bathroom felt tiny. It had a multi-channel tv, tea/coffee and biscuits, tissues, facecloths, iron, minibar, safe and all other amenities - except complimentary toiletries (except for wall-mounted squeezy containers). My room faced onto the street and, whilst you could make-out some slight noise from nearby bars, it really wasn't intrusive and didn't continue late into the night (despite being a Friday).Breakfast was comprehensive and the service was very attentive throughout my stay.Overall, this is a modern mid-range brand hotel - not outstanding quality and not spacious, but spotlessly clean, with good service and comfortable. I'd go again.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	Family and I stayed here in July for nine nights. The location is great - close to Camden Market, Sainsbury, tube station, Regent Park and all types of restaurants to suit the most discerning tastes.The room was small but well furnished and maintained; the bathroom was clean and bright.The beds were a littel soft as were the pillows (which were somewhat lifeless) but staff was cheerful and helpful.The array of foods available was astounding - Camden Market is filled with little food stalls that served Mexican, Indian, Thai, Chinese, Italian, Malaysian, Fish &amp; Chips. Not to mention the many restaurants around and your typical KFC. Sainsbury is a 5-minute walk away.Would definitely stay there again and would recommend to anyone. Ask for a room that faces the inner &quot;courtyard.&quot; Not much of a view - unless you happen to like to stare at a blank brick wall - but you'd be able to hear a pin drop at night, and be safe from the street and pub noise.	
Jul 24 2009 	Will stay again	Unfortunately we only had one night in this hotel. Treated ourselves to one of the executive rooms and this was very spacious, clean and comfortable. The balcony didn't overlook the lock but that didn't matter as it was peaceful. All the staff we met were very friendly. As we had to leave at 8a.m we had an early breakfast and had the whole room to ourselves - that is a first for us! The area - Camden market is just a treat to walk around with all its interesting people, stalls and different foods to sample. We also found an Italian restaurant within a short walk which would be good for families if they wished to eat outwith the hotel.We will definitely book into this hotel again.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel if you don't plan to stay in your room	Took my 2 teens to London and stayed in a double room. We had a disgusting view of the air shaft. When I called the front desk to ask for a better room (we are Platinum members), they told us that they would move us ASAP. We waited in the room for 95 minutes. When the porter came, we were moved one floor up, in the exact same location. Same view. I was told that &quot;all of the double rooms'&quot; are in this location in the hotel. The bathroom is outfitted nicely and the beds were comfortable. The Camden area is pretty funky and filled with street vendors. Mind your wallets/purses. It is a 10 minute walk to the London Zoo (find coupons before you go: it is pricy) Be aware that if you want to have a meal after 9pm, you will have to travel out of this area: all of the restaurants become 'pubs' and refuse to serve anyone with children under 18. We were turned away from 5 restaurants before finding a Chinese rest. that was happy to serve us. The breakfast buffet is standard fare, but the dining room is bright and the servers attentive. Although they were working on the plumbing and some other renovations, it was quiet and unobtrusive.	
Jul 17 2009 	Great location clean room good value	The hotel is conveniently located near the Eurostar station at Kings Cross, about half a mile away which is a 5 min bus hop or taxi ride. There is a Wagamama noodle shop that opens to 11 pm across the street. The beds are comfortable and the bath is clean. We only stayed overnight to catch the train but it was a great value for the room and location.	
Jul 17 2009 	Excellent location	I stayed here one night for a gig at The Roundhouse. Great location, right by Camden Lock. Easy stroll to The Roundhouse.The room was quite big but my bath water was luke warm. Mini bar. Breakfast was comprehensive but rather unexciting in the taste department. Would use again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Modern Hotel in a Lively Part of the City	Having stayed for one night at the Holiday Inn Camden Lock using my priority club points I can recommend this hotel to other travellers.The room was the standard layout of 95% of hotels around the world, although the room was on the smaller side it was faultless with quality. All fixtures and fixings were in good working order and the room was clean. Where quirky operation of things like the shower taps, safe, etc. an idiots guide has been written. The TV has the standard five UK terrestrial channels plus Sky News, Nickelodeon, TMF, selection of radio and hotel pay TV.Hotel has WiFi but no price is advertised, but it definitely was not free.Air conditioning was efficient if required. When I was there London was the usual humid muggy affair that it experiences during the summer and I had the window open for fresh air.I can understand the other reviews that mention the noise from the Lloyds Bar opposite, which with the window open could be heard but shut the double glazing and all was at peace. I did not find this a problem considering what a vibrant area Camden is.I had the full English breakfast in the hotel at £12.95 (£9.95 continental) which was expensive but was buffet style and as I wanted it to last me all day I needed to fill my boots to the max. Quality of the food was good with a choice of two types of good quality sausage. The staff were very attentive, the amount of times they asked me if everything was alright was over the top.The hotels location is brilliant for eating out with many restaurants and food outlets within very close walking distance. The Lloyds bar opposite serves all day the standard pub grub offered by this chain, including breakfast at half the price of the hotel, although the quality of sausages does not match the Hotel.Eating out was easy and there is plenty of choice. Across the other side of the canal are multiple fast food outlets serving Mexican, Burgers, Indian, Chinese and Italian. I opted in the evening for Chinese at a cost of £3 for Chicken in Black Bean Sauce with fried rice. Although not filling for a growing lad like myself, would suit many, at this price you can always have a second. The seating areas are novel consisting of the seats of scooters.The tube station is no distance from the hotel to explore the rest of London.For the tourist, Camden is a good location to base yourself, although it is tube ride to the West End.To sum it up the hotel is as expected modern, clean and in a good location.	
Jul 14 2009 	Welcoming hotel in great location	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Camden town for 1 night although I wish we could have stayed longer! As a Platinum Priority club member we were upgraded to an executive room on the top floor wth a balcony which was fantastic to enjoy the lovely weather. It was also very quiet on this floor, didn't hear any noise from the streets below and it was a Saturday too.We ordered room service to eat on the balcony which I have to say was fairly reasonably priced for a London hotel, although I did have a problem trying to make the person on the phone understand my order but this was soon resolved by contacting the duty manager.We were offered breakfast for £9.95 pp when we checked in, its £12.95 if you dont pre book, but to be honest there are plenty of places in Camden Town where you could get a cheap breakfast. We love the area around Camden, very trendy and lots of great places to eat. We went to a Lebanese restaurant called Mezza Express, great value and tasty food.Would definitely stay here again especially if we can have a balcony room!	
Jul 12 2009 	Good on weekdays noisy on weekends	Our flight from Los Angeles was early (!), so we arrived at the hotel around 10:00AM. Without checking to see if any rooms were available, the staff made it perfectly clear that we would not be allowed to check in until at least 2:00PM. That was a bit of a drag, as we had not slept on the plane.Once we were allowed in, the hotel was fine. The room was adequate, the bathroom nice although small. The lobby was plain and the bar area limited, but we didn't really care about those. We'd rate the hotel as three rather than four stars.On Friday and Saturday night, the noise from the pub across the street was intense until the wee hours. (We're not light sleepers, but this kept us awake.) Noise was not a problem on weeknights.Like others, we had booked through Hotwire, so we were pleased with the rate. We also liked the area, which we had not visited previously. It was colorful and interesting. Our overall rating of &quot;Very Good&quot; is significantly premised upon the locale. Wagamama (across the street) had good food at reasonable prices.We would definitely recommend this hotel for stays on Sunday through Thursday nights. On Friday and Saturday nights, we'd look for something quieter. We also wish the staff were a bit more accomodating.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great...	Like many others, we booked through hotwire and stayed two nights. Rooms are small but very very very well maintained - immaculately clean and ours seemed newly remodelled, especially the bathroom. I like the wall dispensers instead of those tiny bottles that are so bad for the environment.The area is great - so close to Camden Lock with a great variety of food and neighborhood restaurants (we had excellent Indian at the Masala as well as market selections for everyone); the towpath is a great, pretty, cut through to Regents Park and parts south as well as Primrose Hill etc. We loved being so close to the park.Note - there is an excellent Morrisons supermarket off the towpath in the direction of Regents Park - go up at at the Pirates castle and follow in the Primrose Hill direction. I think it's closer than the Sainsburys.I don't think the northern line is the most convenient for the tube, but the tube station is close.Excellent friendly front desk service.A great deal and a great place to stay for the price.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great place to stay	Had 7 nights exploring the area and loved it. Modern hotels are not the norm in London but this had all a leisure traveller could/want. Cannot understand why I got it so cheap through Hotwire ($79+charges), but it's worth lots more. The breakfast at £9.95 (if bought at reception) is nicely presented, although coffee is atrocious - hard to find good coffee anywhere in Britain. Wi-fi at £15 per day was outrageous - I cannot believe they have many takers at that price. I bought a 3G SIM for my iPhone and had most of what I needed for £1 daily.I had a view on the first floor on the outside. I was worried about the noise some reported, but soundproofing was fine.	
Jun 19 2009 	Ideal hotel for access on Northern tube line to the City	All rooms have a safe in the wardrobe, a hair dryer, a small ironing board and iron, an electrical trousers press, a writing table and office chair.The hair-dryer, iron and trousers press only work after you have switched on the electrical socket, and in the case of iron&amp; trousers press, also 2 buttons on the trousers pressThere's a big Sainsbury supermarket at 17 Camden Road, about 150m from the tube station &quot;Camden Town&quot;.Twin room:- two double beds- faces inner courtyard and has view of a wall 3m away- window is relatively small, about 0.6m x 1.2m and does not open properly, you can only tilt it to open about 20cm- if you don't really need the 2 beds, try to avoid these rooms Double room facing outward:- 1 double bed (1.50m x 2m)- big floor to ceiling window (1m x 2m), which you can open completelyExecutive room:- big roof terrace- 1 big double bed- about twice the size of a normal room- separate walk-in shower and bath tub- bath robe and slippers provided- weighing scales in bathroom- collection of little shampoo bottles, shower cap	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Location Room and Service	This was the last 4 nights of our 3 week roaming trip through England and Scotland. Maybe we were extra impressed just by staying put for 4 nights. We too used Hotwire, (isn't everyone??) and booked further ahead so payed a little more than rates quoted inother reviews but still great value. Camden is VERY noisy at night and the glass dumping/recycling seems to start about 4:00 AM, just after the last of the drinkers has finally fallen in the canal. The canal is a great walking route. Nearby food offerings are mind-boggling. The shopping is very eclectic and entertaining as are the regulars in the neighborhood. Hotwire always drops us in a new place and this time it was a huge success. BTW, I'm impressed that the manager monitors these reviews and responds. Wish I had something to complain about..... Room 407, June 11 to 14. Cheers.	
Jun 17 2009 	Only one word to describe this hotel...outstanding!!!	We stayed at the Holiday inn - Camden Lock in London for one night as part of a three night London trip to celebrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary. We booked via Hotwire and were astonished to get this 4* rated hotel for $49+fees (total $63), an absolute steal for London.I contacted the hotel a week before the trip to ensure we got one double bed, and also gave them our Priority Club number which although we would not accumulate points as the hotel was booked via a third party, normally affords the opportunity of getting a better room or a view. I received a reply almost immediately from the Duty Manager on that day, Aurelio, informing me that we had been upgraded to a Deluxe Lock View room with their compliments. Outstanding service, especially as the room was booked via Hotwire.We arrived at Camden Town underground station late morning, and soon found the hotel which is only five minutes walk from the station. As it was a Sunday, Camden was extremely busy but it was an easy walk.On arrival I asked very nicely if we could check in early (it was 11.30am, check in is 2.00pm) and although initially there was a doubt, after I mentioned we had email the hotel, she was more than happy to check us in. I can't remember her name but she was very bubbly and welcoming, as were all members of staff we met during our stay. She wished us a nice time, and off we went to the room.The room was very nice, with the aforementioned Camden Lock view, which was stunning. It was a double bed, very firm but comfortable, and there was also a desk and chair, and two chairs around a table. The bathroom was modern, if a little on the small size but all in all it was a lovely room and extremely clean.We headed off to Primrose Hill and the Camden markets for the rest of the day, all of which are a very short walk away (especially the markets). On our return to the room, we received a phone call, and were extremely impressed to be told a bottle of sparkling wine was on the way up with the hotel compliments!!! Another fantastic touch. Superb.We did not eat in the hotel, either for dinner or breakfast the next day. It was £9.95 for a buffet breakfast if you pre-ordered, or £11.95 if you paid on the day. It was a little expensive for us to be honest, so we headed to the Lloyds Number 1 next door (which is a Wetherspoons) and had two large breakfasts for the cost of one at the hotel. Very nice, highly recommend and also for a beer or two as well (probably not for breakfast though!!!).Camden was as I remember it from visits many years ago. Very busy, especially on weekends but with an amazing vibe. The food at some of the market stalls smelt so good, and it was nice to sit and have lunch overlooking the canal, watching the boats going up and through the Lock. We ventured out for some beers in the evening, and despite hoardes of people being there during the day, I was slightly disappointed that Sunday night was very quiet. Still it was good to get around a few of the local pubs, and after a takeaway pizza we headed back to the Holiday Inn for a nice relaxing sleep.I cannot recommend the Holiday inn enough. Obviously the Hotwire rate was amazing, but I would pay more for the hotel. Location is second to none for Camden, and it is an easy journey on the tube and only a short walk away. Add into that, amazing attentive staff and you have a winner. Highly recommended.	
May 31 2009 	Splendid Hotel and Location	I am writing this review because the information and tips from other reviewers are so valuable. Those tips really made our stay so much better.We stayed at this hotel from 05/25-05/27. We booked (prepaid) through Hotwire for three nights but our flight was delayed for 24 hours and we only stayed two nights. No problems at check-in at around 9 a.m. The room was clean and overlooked Jamestown Road. We were not bothered by noise other reviewers had problems with. Here some helpful hints. Grab you a little red Welcome to London 2009 on the rack when you first get into the terminal. It has a decent city map and a tube map. We took the First Capital Connect train (The hotels web site calls this the Thameslink) from Gatwick airport to St Pancras/Kings Cross. All the different train tickets can be purchased from the same ticket windows. Then we purchased two Oyster PAYG cards with 20 quid each at St Pancras/Kings Cross. (Actually 17 with 3 deposit which was more than enough for 2 days). The Oyster Card is the way to go. You have to switch from the train station to the tube (Underground) Northern Line north bound to Camden Town (One stop but can't be walked). There is a bit of walking to get to the tube station because of the ongoing construction. Just ask someone or look for the signs.Once you get to Camden Town exit and follow signs to Camden Market. Take a left on Jamestown and you should see the hotel. We did have breakfast at the hotel one morning. It was rainy and none of the cute roadside cafes were open. The hotel had decent food and reasonable prices. There is a Wagamama right across the street from the front of the hotel. My wife likes Chinese food but it does not do much for me. I preferred dinner at the Ice Wharf which is behind the hotel towards the canal. Tuesday night special was a 10 oz sirloin steak with chips and your choice of drink for 6.95. This deal can not be beat. But the way that restaurant works is each table is numbered (little bronze number on table surface). Pick a table and then go to the bar. Order your food and drinks, bring your drinks back and they will bring the food to your table when its done. I am saving you twenty minutes of sitting at your table waiting for the waitress who never comes to take your order. I like this concept and think it would work well in America.The canal and market area is a fun to walk around in. But plan a few hours to walk through Regent's Park. Go back towards the Camden Town tube station and follow the signs to London Zoo/Regent's Park. I could not believe how beautiful and spacious this park was in the middle of all that humanity. You can pick up another tube station on the other end. Baker St I believe.We bought wine and a some food at Sainesbury grocery store. Go back towards the light but don't take a right to go to the Tube Station, keep walking to the bottom of the hill. Ten minutes.Our departure flight was out of Heathrow so we tubed it down to the Picadilly Line. Make sure you have the right tube because the Northern Line splits in two south bound. If you do get on the wrong south bound line switch at Euston to the Leicester Sq stop. Know which terminal your flight is leaving from as well. One west bound Picadilly Line goes to Terminal 4, 1, 2,3 and one goes to Terminal 5, 3,2,1. We returned our Oyster Cards to get our deposit and whats left. Both were paid with the same credit card but for some reason, one card was returned in cash, the other credit back to card.The National Gallery is a must. I am not an Art Aficionado but did manage to recognize many of the paintings. This was very impressive.St Pauls Cathedral was great. The views from the top were awesome. The signs for the underground stations have a blue line that says Underground through a red circle. The bus stops look the same but has a red line through a circle.You won’t get to see everything. Have fun and enjoy what you do.	
May 19 2009 	Won't be going back.	Definitely won't be returning. While the location is great, this is certainly not deserving of the 4 star rating it has been given. The room was tiny and claustrophobic with low ceilings, and when I first got in the a/c was blasting and the room was freezing. When I put the heating on, it didn't do a thing but blow tepid air. You could feel the springs in the bed and I was sore the next day, and the TV was probably 10 years old, with only 5 free channels. There were finishing tiles missing in the bathroom (which also was tiny...you couldn't get around the door between the toilet to the bath if the door was partially open) and the design details weren't thought out very well (barely enough clearance under the tap to wash your hands!). The hot water was intermittent (!!), and NO FREE WI-FI (what is this, 1987??). There wasn't even free Internet in the &quot;business centre&quot; downstairs. The room was also quite noisy (bars outside, and early in the morning, delivery trucks and glass bottles being dumped in the recycling from the bars across the way). If you're going to be in such a &quot;lively&quot; area, at least have double glazing! In the middle of the night one night, there was a loud alarm that went off in the room for about 5 seconds, startling me awake. I can only assume it was the fire alarm, which they seemed to be having trouble with when I was checking out. They only had a combo shampoo/body wash mounted to the wall in the shower (cheap), so I had to go and buy a bottle of conditioner (what a waste, can't bring the leftover on the plane because it's a liquid). The food was good, rooms were clean and staff were friendly, but the displayed list rate in the lobby of 250 GBP for a standard room is a TOTAL joke. i got the room for $84 USD a night, and I still feel ripped off and very disappointed.	
May 17 2009 	Good hotel but watch out for the beds	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights cause we had some business in London. The first night was horrible. We got a lovely room, but the neighbors were watching TV all night very loud so I could not fall asleep, not even with earplugs. The receptionist could not do anything about it, cause they could not identify which neighbour it was, so I had a sleepless and very stressful night. We got for the second night a new room, less lovely but still ok, no disturbing noise in the night, once the pubs closed in the evening, however we did not check for the bed quality, so in the evening when we went to bed, 2 feet of the bed just gave in and we had to sleep on a half tilted bed. In the morning we found that 2 feet were broken of the bed and have simply been tucked under it, so that new guests would not realize till you actually lay down. PS: having breakfast in the hotel is not worth it, we walked 2 street up to find a lovely hidden pub that served the best English breakfast I have ever eaten...	
May 6 2009 	Good hotel but watch out for outside noise	My partner and I stayed in this hotel for the Bank Holiday of May. There is nothing wrong with the hotel itself, except maybe for the door between our room and the next. We could follow the conversation from our neighbors quite good. I don't know if there is a door between every couple of rooms, otherwise I would advise to explicitly ask for a room without.The room itself was clean and the right size. The only thing that could keep us from booking here again is the outside noise. As it was good weather during our stay, there were a lot of people outside having fun (plus a wedding in the hotel on the last night). As this has to be done in a quite loud way, this kept us from having a good night's sleep. Earplugs are highly recommended. I don't know if the noise was also this present on the back side of the hotel (with view on the canal).	
May 1 2009	Great stay until duty manager said the wrong thing.	We just checked out of the Camden Lock Holiday Inn today. This would have gotten a higher rating from me except for the little glitch at checkout. First the positives. Everybody, except the last guy we dealt with, are friendly and informative. The area is very interesting and in some respect more interesting than the typical tourist areas of London. The tube station is about a 5 minute walk away and it is very easy to get anywhere you want. The area is a madhouse on the weekends but that just reinforces how interesting the area is.The room is probably larger than most European hotel rooms. We booked one with 2 double beds. It was clean and the beds were ok. Housekeeping was an issue. There was only 1 glass in the bathroom and it never got replaced or washed out. After the third day without a new bar of soap (and our existing soap becoming a sliver), we had to ask the front desk for some. They put some shower gel in the shower on the third day. The room was still clean but replenishing the supplies was a bit lacking.The restaurant is ok for dinner. In fact, we hate heated up pub food so we ate in the hotel twice and it was fine. The servers are very nice and friendly. Breakfast was ok...but you do get sick of buffet English breakfast. Luckily, there were sticky buns, cereal and fruit to pick from if you got tired of bacon, sausage and black pudding. The eggs come scrambled or you can ask your server for fried, boiled, omlettes etc and they'll bring it to your table. There was also baked beans, tomato, and cold cuts. The orange juice was fresh squeezed and quite delicious. The servers could try to refill coffee and tea more often but it's a minor quibble.The lobby has a lounge with a bar and very comfortable seats. I actually enjoyed sitting there.Bad stuff... internet wifi was 15 GBP per 24 hour period. We decided to forego the hotel internet connection and purchased a T-Mobile internet dongle and pay as you go service instead ... as suggested by somebody on the Tripadvisor forum (Carphone Warehouse, T-Mobile etc are just down the street near the tube station). However, the room we were given, on the 1st floor, was like a cave. Our view opened up on some roof area with walls on either side. This meant our connection to a G3 signal was horrible if we sat where the desk was located (near the window). Our signal improved as we got closer to the hallway and was great if we sat in the lobby. Oh well. There are worse things than sitting in the lobby lounge. It was actually quite nice.Now for the check-out glitch that has annoyed us. We booked the room using a CAA/AAA which meant we had no breakfast included. At check-in, we were asked if we wanted to purchase breakfast vouchers for 9.95 GBP each. We decided to do so since it would save us time and the price wasn't too horrible. We told them that we couldn't use a voucher on our last morning though since we had an early train to catch. She gave us 5 vouchers for 5 mornings of breakfast. One evening, we realized that we couldn't use another voucher because we had a bus tour that we had to leave for early in the morning. We asked the front desk if it would be possible to return the vouchers for a refund. If they said &quot;no&quot;, we'd have a VERY quick breakfast before leaving on our tour otherwise, we'd get breakfast while on the tour. The front desk clerk said it was no problem and took back the vouchers and said they would take the charge off of our bill. When we checked out, not only was that breakfast still on our bill, they had charged us for breakfast for the day we arrived too. We arrived at 2 pm...no way for us to have eaten breakfast. The duty manager, who checked us out (Osman) reluctantly took off both breakfasts. &quot;Reluctantly&quot;, I say, because he first questioned when we arrived as if he didn't believe me when I said we arrived in the afternoon and then chastised us for returning the other voucher. He told us that in the future, we would not be allowed to return breakfast vouchers. I said, &quot;In that case, in future, we won't stay here.&quot; He replied that was our choice. Hold on here....we ASKED if we could return it and they said yes. And now here's this guy saying we shouldn't have been allowed to return them and blaming US for this &quot;problem&quot;. If they had said we couldn't have returned it, we would have stayed for breakfast. When we told him this his reply was it must have been somebody new at the desk and he/she shouldn't have allowed it. Well...fine...but BLAME and chastize your employee, not the customer. Talk about ridiculous. THAT soured an otherwise good experience at this hotel and if if they intend to employ such a person as a MANAGER, then we won't be staying there again. Ironic since we had just said to ourselves that we'd come back without hesistation. Well...too bad...lots of hesitation now. Somebody needs to be sent on a course for customer service. It's amazing how 20 seconds or ill chosen words can leave a bad taste in your mouth.	
Apr 26 2009 	Wonderful stay!	Our room (standard one) was very clean and large. Amazing wiew on the canal. The continental breakfast was really tasty and abundant. The staff was nice and helpful.Excellent location, almost three street market nearby, many restaurants and pubs.Definitely, we will recommend this hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	Best in Camden Town	I chose the hotel because of the location in Camden Town, where we wanted to spend some time. Me and my partner are not heavy partygoers, but we like live music. We ended up not to find any bar playing live music and were too tired to jump from bar to bar.So location was perfect for us. In the reception everything went as it should and we were helped when we asked best way to get to Stansted airport. Breakfast was very good standard level continental breakfast, not extraordinal. The room was spotless clean and there was enough space. Standard mid-range hotel room. There was some noise from the street in the evening, but nothing disturbing when we went sleeping. Most disappointing thing was the double bed. It was too narrow for two normal size adult. The mattress was very unconfortable giving me backache, probably because not designed for two or missing proper insulation on top of springs. With a better bed the experience in hotel would have been very good.	
Apr 23 2009 	Lively location	This is a good hotel, however it is good to be aware that Camden is a lively place, especially on weekends, with many visitors to Camden market. If you like that this hotel is a good choice, if you don’t stay elsewhere.The hotel has been upgraded with design features that work well, both esthetically and functionally. Underground station is a five minute walk.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good value hotel you get what you pay for.	NO real luxuries, nothing really left out. It's a solid place to stay, about 5 minutes walk from the Camden Town Tube. The area gets very busy on the weekend and it takes a bit more time to get to the hotel during these times. However, once you arrive at the hotel you forget about the somewhat questionable characters outside. The hotel is clean and fresh. They have a coffee bar and restaurant inside, or there are many restaurants and coffee shops in the immediate viscinity. Our room faced an inner courtyard, not very exciting, but it was the only triple room availble. The room was clean and made up everyday. We never did get them to replace the empty shower gel and once day they &quot;forgot&quot; to take away our dirty cups and replace them with clean ones. We just called the reception and they brought us new ones. The hotel also agreed to call us a taxi for our 6:00 am departure, but they forgot to order it and only did so after was asked at 6:10 when it was coming. We got this hotel on priceline and you do get what you pay for. It was still a great deal for a London hotel, but the attention to detail was lacking.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good Hotel in a good location.	Excellent Hotel in a great location. Close to Camden Lock market and only a few stops on the tube to central London.Very helpful and service minded staff. Great breakfast as well.Fantastic value for money and would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good Hotel excellent location	My wife, kids and I stayed a the Holiday Inn Camden Lock for 5 nights and got a clean, quiet, nice room. Excellent location, nice staff at reception and in the breakfast room made it good value for money. We will definitely stay there again when visiting London. However, 2 things would have made a better impression: When making the reservation we asked if a room with a view would be available (Gold member, 5 day's stay made me think this would be possible) and the view we've got was the brick wall of the adjacent building 4 meters away; the housekeeping staff might need more ressources since on 01 April our room was only made up after 5 p.m. (returning after jogging along the beautiful Regent's Canal and finding the cleaning cart blocking the entrance to the bathroom was not perfect).	
Mar 26 2009 	A real treat	As a trainer I get to see a lot of hotels throughout the UK and this one really stood out for me!My room was stunning with views of the canal. My conference room was spotless and the organisation faultless. Lunch for the delegates was plentyful and tasty.After work there was colourful Camden to explore and we found a nice restaurant in 5 minutes walk from the hotel.The staff was friendly and helpful throughout .I really enjoyed stying here and look forward to my next visit.	
Mar 23 2009 	Good Value for London	As mentioned, this is a good value for London. We got this on Hotwire for $65 a night after taxes. The hotel staff was nice. Although our room was not ready when we arrived, they let us check-in our luggage so that we could begin our sight-seeing, and they also held our luggage for us on the day of checkout. The rooms were clean, but don’t expect anything fancy; they are ikea –style. The room also had an iron and hair dryer which was great. You will have to pay a lot of $$ for internet access. The train station is just a 5 minute walk. I don't know how to describe the area, but it reminds me of a flea market. There is a Barclay ATM near-by (for Bank of America customers). The train ride is about 15 minutes to central London (Piccadilly Stop). There is also a fun night bar next to the hotel, with drinks at 99 gbp. However, if your room faces this bar expect some noise at night. Also across the street is Wagamama which is an eatery with good food popular among locals.	
Mar 19 2009 	Absolutely the best value for the money in London	We stayed at Holiday Inn Camden Lock in March 2009 and we thought it was an incredible deal. We basically got the room for $72USD, which is incredible for a hotel in a prime London location. When we checked in, we asked about a canal view room and they said that would cost 30 pounds extra, so we said, just give us the best view that you have. This, it turned out, was better than a canal frontage room. We had a room on the 4th floor overlooking the Camden Lock footbridge and street bridge! We had a perfect view of Dingwalls and the Ice Wharf directly below and in front of the room. Really no noise at all, except in the morning when the JD Wetherspoons Ice Wharf emptied out their bottle take for the night, sweet music to us! By the way, the Ice Wharf pub has incredible deals on drink and food, but we favored our friends down the block at the Oxford Arms Pub, which had great food and great personal service. The Oxford Arms took the time to ask about us and looked after us, very highly recommended place, one block away from Holiday Inn Camden Lock. The staff at hotel were very good, and location excellent, and no problem with anything. We love the primrose hill area, and this place is within easy walking distance without the high price tag. Very highly recommended.	
Mar 3 2009 	Nice hotel pity about the management	Stayed in this hotel at end of January. First impressions were good. Staff on reception seemed helpful and bar and food staff very nice. However during stay things got bad.Firstly the complimentary tea and coffee tray never refilled. Ended up on last day with just a sugar. Despite asking the hotel staff if could have this re-filled. The cleaning of the room only happened twice during our four night stay.Secondly due to the snow had to book another night. What should have been a simple exercise took five hours and alot of stress. As extra night was paid by someone else they had to send an email with their credit card details. They did this asking for room rate confirmation six times with no answer. Rate that paid was different from what was quoted. Luckily had evidence of this. As several emails were sent to hotel but no answer the bill payer had to change their credit card details.Now a couple of months on Holiday Inn and this Holiday Inn still have failed to answer e-mails regarding the over payment. There web site doesnt allow you to complain .Plus the Hotel Management at Camden Lock obviously cannot be bothered.If you try to book an extra night through their reception,then beware. Have stayed in many hotels and despite the nice area and hotel facilities would never stay here again. They obviously dont care about customer complaints or credit card issues	
Feb 19 2009 	Nice hotel in an interesting place	We came early at 10 am. The normal check inn was at 2 pm, but they arranged a room for us 11 am. (Although there was a little lack of communication between the people in reception. We had to argue with one of them again when we came back 11 am) We had to pay 25 £ extra, but they gave us the room. We had also requested a quiet room which we also got.The housekeeping staff was very friendly and did a very good job with our room. Overall a good hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Value and Location + Friendly Staff	Just completed a weekend stay (3 rooms). The hotel has a great location, convenient to the tube as well as many interesting pubs and restaurants. The area is lively on the weekend, and there are large crowds in for the market. Note that the tube closes on Sunday afternoons due to the crowds, so you'll have to make the trek one stop north or south - no big deal.Front desk person 'David' was more than helpful resolving our request for a twin-bed room for one of our 3 rooms. All hotels should have someone like this who can deal with a customer request with logic and common sense and come up with a solution that works. Thanks David.All the staff were friendly and helpful - especially the housekeepers who were challenged on the Sunday due to all the checkouts. While later than usual, were friendly and apologetic for the delay on this busy day.The hotel its self lives up to its rating. Everything was clean and polished meeting our expectations for a Holiday Inn. We had a great stay, and highly recommend this friendly and convenient hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Neat Hotel probably expected more.	Neat hotel, smallish rooms, probably expected more. We did find someones bed socks in one of the beds which indicated that the linen had not been changed, contacted reception and they had this corrected, however it had set the mood of the hotel off on a bad vibe. Location is good if you want to be out of the city but not too far, markets are around the corner as too is the subway which is an easy ride into London. There are several good eating places within a block of the hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	Good service great location good value	After an overnight flight from Vancouver with 2 young girls, we made the mistake of taking a taxi to the hotel (using a car hire would have saved money). 80 pounds later we arrived and were assigned a room that smelled of cigarette smoke! After 15 minutes waiting in the hallway with our luggage, we were switched to the twin room next door (the rooms facing inwards have no view, but they are very quiet). After that initial hiccup service was excellent. We had problems with our wi-fi and were immediately given two free hours. The hotel and rooms were very clean. The location was great: five minutes walk from the tube, across the street from Wagamama and a short walk to Sainsbury's for groceries (and beer, god bless English licensing laws). We were only a short taxi ride to King's Cross when we moved on. To top it all off, we got a great deal on Hotwire. We would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 2 2009 	Good hotel in London	Good hotel in the spikey clothes district of London. Large rooms with moderate wear, but clean. This is located in the &quot;goth&quot; section with lots of interesting clothing stores. Typical of US style hotel, but, as is the case with most UK hotels, subtract one star. All non-smoking, charge for internet. Ask for a quiet room as street side rooms are probably noisey. Turn right out of Camden Towne tube (Northern Line) and left two streets down. Friendly staff, but because of business, early check-in was not possible. Camden station is closed at 13:30 on Sunday due to crowds.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good hotel experience	We booked our stay through Hotwire and paid 95 USD per night. Friendly and helpful staff. Most parts of the hotel are quite newly renovated. The design is quite minimalistic and modern. The standard room we stayed in was quite nice and had a partial view of Camden Lock. Modern, but quite small bathroom. All in all we have no reason to complain. But the next time we will stay in London we will probably go for a hotel with more personality and charm.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great location. Shame about the noise!	What a wonderful location this hotel has. Right on the waterside, with stunning views across Camden Lock to the Victorian warehouses which now house Camden Lock Market, it's perfect for a weekend getaway. The hotel itself is very well appointed. The rooms are ultra clean, comfortable and well equipped for both business and leisure travellers. The desk staff were friendly and helpful and located us, at our request, well way from the adjacent Wetherspoons pub which earlier reviewers had said could be noisy. We were also able to leave our bags after check out and pick them up later. For service and design our stay was first class. However, there is a significant letdown here and one which would make me hesitate to re-book. The sound proofing between rooms is virtually non-existent. Why a company would build such a beautiful looking hotel in a wonderful location and then construct it so that visitors can't sleep because of the noise from other guest rooms beggars belief. Cheaper construction costs, I guess. Seems a false economy though to build a hotel where sleep is difficult! This could be one of the reasons why Hotwire has recently downgraded this hotel. This is a great place to stay for many reasons. Just bear in mind that the quality of your rest may be entirely dependent on the behaviour of fellow guests (as well as on how much they have had to drink!).	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent value and location for central London	Paid £63 on priceline, £62 on hotwire for this hotel and thought it was excellent value.Great location in Camden Lock, five minutes walk away from tube to Central and City of London. The location itself is quite an attraction too.Modern hotel with nice rooms and functional bathroom.Would recommend even for the non priceline/hotwire rate.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Value perfect location	The Holiday Inn Camden is in the perfect position for visiting The Roundhouse (our primary reason for going). Over looking the lock, and it;s bars, is a lovely view, however, at night it is very loud. We were shattered so managed to get to sleep. However, when we go back in October, we will ask for a room on the other side of the hotel.We paid £82 for a double with breakfast. The reception staff were friendly and efficient. Our room was spacious, with a desk for working on a pc, a table and 2 chairs, and a comfortable bed (pillows a little sub standard-but slept on worse!) There was tea and coffee, and a kit kat. The mini bar was well stocked, although we didn't use it. The bathroom was smallish but scrupulously clean, as was the room.When we realised we had forgotten toothpaste, they very quickly sent up 2 baby tubes of Colgate and 2 disposable brushes.The breakfast is buffet style. Very well laid out and a good choice. Very good service from pleasant and attentive staff. We asked for strong coffee and got it, most unusual! You could have eggs cooked in a variety of ways, my poached and my husband's fried were just as they should be, no grey stringy bits on the white of the poached, like I have been expected to eat in other hotels. The bacon was a little softer than we liked, and they were more than happy to crisp it up. They played popular classics in the background, and we felt very relaxed.We are going back again in October. Thoroughly recommend it. Of it's type, it's very good.	
Jan 20 2009 	Nearly Perfect	Most hotels whose management reads and responds to Trip Advisor reviews are well run properties and this Holiday Inn is no exception. In fact, it is perhaps the cleanest and best maintained hotel in all of London. I found the staff to be well trained, pleasant and professional in every respect. My room was immaculate and very comfortable with a spectacular shower. As another reviewer commented, the vertical clearance between the faucet and the washbasin could be a bit greater but that’s a very minor point. Everything in the room was in good working order and the in-room safe was very convenient for storing valuables. The location is excellent being only a short walk from the tube and about 10 different bus routes. Of course, if you’re used to Knightsbridge or Mayfair, Camden Town will be a bit of a culture shock. But if you appreciate the lively quirky street scene and hundreds of market stalls, the area is perfect for you. And if you walk east on Jamestown Road straight into Hawley Crescent, you come upon a huge Sainsbury’s just five minutes from the hotel. While I highly recommend this hotel, I suggest you not accept a room facing east (about one third of the rooms do). These rooms overlook a semicircular multipurpose building and have a nice view of the Regent’s Canal to your left. On the ground floor of that building just opposite the hotel is a Wetherspoon’s Pub/Restaurant (Ice House) open nightly until midnight. While the pub itself doesn’t create a disturbance, many of their patrons loiter outside the entrance and along the Canal creating quite a commotion. These young people have mastered the art of yelling and shouting. In fact, some of them outshine the big stars in the West End, at least when it comes to volume! And I’m not referring to New Year’s Eve or a lovely spring evening. Even on a cold and rainy January night, these revelers could be heard loudly through the closed windows of the hotel room until way past midnight. I’m not sure even a monsoon would subdue these professional screamers. Given the proximity to the hotel, it is unfortunate that hotel management can’t encourage Wetherspoon’s to employ security personnel to deal with this issue which has been reporter by previous reviewers as well. And if you think the noise ends at midnight or so, think again. In the early morning, delivery trucks bring supplies to Wetherspoon’s and the loading dock is just adjacent to the customer entrance (an absurd design) and was about 15 feet from my room. While not nearly as disturbing as the evening carrying on, the early morning commotion from the delivery trucks is yet another reason to stay on the opposite side of this hotel if you value peace and quiet.One other point is that internet access is via “weak-fi” rather than wi-fi, at least in my room. With either my internal wifi adapter or an external USB adapter, the signal strength and connection speed were terribly inadequate. After noting the dismal connection, I did not buy a voucher (4 pounds for one hour) for obvious reasons. Not sure of the location of the wi-fi routers but the system was useless as far as I was concerned. There are also no roaming agreements (e.g. ipass, Boingo, etc.) so the only way to connect is to use the hotel provided low speed service.Notwithstanding the noisy neighbors and weak wi-fi, this hotel represents and excellent value and a fine place to stay in London. Perhaps I could have changed rooms during my stay, but there are so many better things to do in London than spend time repacking and unpacking. Anyway, this is a clean and well run hotel and for its strengths, I’m giving it the highest rating.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great Spot in Camden Town	I chose this hotel for both the price and its proximity to where I used to live in London. I don't know if I'd recommend it to first timers unfamiliar with Camden, although get yourself an A-Z and you should be fine. You should also be used to crowds, as navigating Camden High St on the weekends can be overwhelming! :) The staff were very helpful and friendly, and kindly set me up with very early check in. The room was comfortable and overlooked a bit of the Lock (and the Ice Wharf). I stayed in a standard room, which was more than sufficient. I felt the room was an excellent size for London, but I should point out that I was traveling on my own! There was enough closet, shelf, and drawer space to set myself up for the week, a desk and chair I kept telling myself I'd use to get work done, and a small table with chairs if you didn't feel like sitting on the comfy double bed. There was also a fold out ironing board and iron attached to the trouser press, which came in handy. The shower and bath were clean, pleasant and powerful, although the curtain not going round all the way was rather annoying - but a small thing. Housekeeping kindly heeded &quot;do not disturb&quot; (seems common sense, but it's been a problem in the past) and I was able to laze about as needed when I felt ill. I didn't make use of the mini gym or the restaurant. My only real bother was that the walls were somewhat thin (a common hotel issue), so the amorous folks next to me were very apparent...luckily I always travel with earplugs! Bonuses: Jamestown Rd. is off of Camden High St, so close to where you need to go (Markets and transport) but much quieter. Also across from Wagamama! On the same street there's a Cafe Nero (which has gluten free brownies, if you care...it made my day), and two pub/diner places that look nice enough. I would definitely recommend this hotel. I felt it was excellent for the price and proximity to transport, and I will be staying here again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent	The location of this hotel is excellent. When we checked in we were upgraded, the room was amazing and the balcony was huge; it overlooked the lock and on the other size we could see the London eye!!. The staff were really friendly and we will be staying here again next time we are in London.	
Dec 18 2008 	Convenient clean	Got very good value for a Friday night only through priceline ($59+taxes=77), and was happy with the hotel. The location is 10 min walk from Camden Town tube and close to Camden Markets, restaurants, shops, etc. The bathroom has a modish faucet installed which makes washing extremely inconvenient. The shower curtain does not go over the whole bathtub. On the morning of Saturday reception called us to tell us that check out time was 11am and if we leave after noon, they have a fee schedule to charge us per hour.	
Dec 7 2008	Requests not granted	Only booked 1 night and requested quiet room with nice views, as a priority club member I thought our requests would be met, unfortunately they were not. Our room was on the 3rd floor, opposite the lift and facing a noisy road, needless to say we could not sleep a wink. So much for being a priority club member. Expensive for the room we were allocated.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great fun location	As an older women traveler, I thought the neighborhood was great and always felt safe, though I was not out past 10pm. There is always so much activity. I stayed for three nights. It was a great place to explore that part of London before I met up some family and moved to a different part of London. The Holiday Inn was sort of an interesting place to stay, compared to the craziness of Camden Lock. It has a great location right on the lock. If you go go certain directions, the neighborhood changes greatly. I walked to Regent's Park one afternoon, which was very beautiful. There are many restaurant options near by in every direction. We did Wetherspoons, several pubs, Wagamana, a little Italian restaurant. for breakfast...many, many choices with differing clientle and levels of services. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel. Our room was clean, big, and the front staff were very helpful. The tube was very convenient. I went out to Hampstead Heath for a walk one day, the British musuem another day. I took a taxi from Pancaras, though in restropect I should have just taken the tube.	
Nov 8 2008 	Good location clean comfortable and comtemporary rooms	Having visited Camden Market before, we particularly wanted to stay in this area when we attended a wedding in Hackney. It's worth checking a few websites for rates as each did differ. We stayed for a long weekend. Arrived from the Midlands and managed to drive straight there without going into the congestion charge areas. The hotel has no car park of its own but you can pull up outside to off load and then park at a secure car park a few streets/short walk away. However, note that this car park (recommended on the hotel website) only takes cash, so remember that when you are leaving! We booked a superior room and were given a free upgrade upon arrival to an executive room which was very spacious, nicely furnished, contemporary, clean and comfortable. It also had a large balcony with table and chairs that had great views towards the London Eye . We were on the 4th floor which was quiet. The enormous bed was VERY comfortable. The full English breakfast choice and quality (included in our rate) was more than sufficient, even for my vegetarian needs. Some reception staff didn't smile much but others were very helpful in assisting with booking tickets for a Saturday evening event and with directions for the most straightfoward/quickest route to the Town Hall in Hackney. The bellman was very welcoming and helpful.We like the lively buzz of Camden and the ease of getting around. There are plenty of eating/drinking venues within easy walking distance of the hotel, as is Camden Town tube station and the local railway line.We take weekend breaks in London 2 or 3 times a year and won't hesitate to stay here again and have already recommended it to others.	
Oct 25 2008 	What a surprise!	My room had a view of the regent's Canal. It was comfortable and upbeat.What impressed me the most was the customer service. They helped me reschedule my flight home. When asked for good restaurant recommendations, one young man actually called his cousin. Kind, courteous, and 5 star.The area is easlily accessable by tube and busses	
Oct 17 2008	Good enough with a couple of small hitches	We got a good rate from the hotel's own website (http://www.holidayinncamden.co.uk/), which beat the rate from the Holiday Inn corporate website. Staying only one night, it was a brief visit, but first impressions were good.Check-in was painless and pleasant, and we were allocated a room on the second floor. There was no view to speak of, as this seemed to be one of the rooms that faced on to the inner courtyard. However, this did mean that there was very little noise from outside. We were glad about this, as the air-conditioning didn't seem to cool the air. I'm only making an assumption, but some hotels switch off the air-conditioning in the Autumn/Winter to save money, so the cooling is just a fan. It seemed that this was the case at this hotel, or else the air-conditioning was broken. As it was a warm day, we put the air-con down as low as possible, but it barely cooled the room at all. Instead, we kept the window open to cool down.Also, when first settling into the room, I noticed a few dark and curly hairs in the bed, make-up (or something similar) on the duvet cover and a dirty pillow. I called down to reception to ask for new sheets, and they sent the duty manager to the room. He inspected the bed and profusely apologised, before sending housekeeping along with replacement sheets. A short time later, he reappeared at the door with a bottle of Merlot and a couple of glasses. I must say that we greatly appreciated the gesture, as it shows a willingness and desire to keep their guests happy. I'm afraid I don't recall his name (we had a big night...) but we thought him tremendously helpful and polite. The hotel is very well located in Camden, and is a short (a leisurely 5 minutes) walk from Camden Town station, and seconds from the many interesting shops on Camden High Street. It's also just over the canal from the Camden Lock and excellent Stables markets. On the same road as the hotel is the Camden Brasserie, which we found to be very good indeed. You can view their menu on the restaurant website, if you're interested. Just Google it. It's also barely 5 to 10 minutes to get to Koko and the Dublin Castle, if you're in town to see a gig. There's a Strada and a Pizza Express on the same road as the Dublin Castle, if that's what you like.We didn't use the bar or restaurant of the hotel, but the reception were most accommodating when we asked to leave our bags with them until approx 8pm on the day of checkout. We were happy overall with our stay, and consider the rate to be competitive when compared to other London hotels. Next time we're in Camden, we'll certainly stay at the Holiday Inn again. I've just marked them down a little (I think 3.5 is a fair mark, but it's not possible on tripadvisor's system) to reflect the fairly basic nature of the hotel and the cleanliness problems we had in the room. But we were left with a positive impression, largely due to the duty manager and the general helpfulness of the staff.	
Oct 11 2008 	Very Good Hotel	We stayed at the Holiday Inn, Camden last week.We found that the Holiday Inn staff were both friendly and helpful.The room, and en-suite bathroom were clean and comfortableThere was a very good early breakfastThe hotel is in a good location, right at the side of Camden Lock, and between between 5 and 10 minutes walking time from the Camden Underground station (depending on walking speed).There was a handy facility to leave our bags at the hotel on our last day. We wanted to do a bit of sight seeing, before we began our journey home in the afternoon. Very Good	
Oct 5 2008 	Great stay	Stayed for 2 nights at the hotel and couldn't find fault if I tried. We arrived to find our rooms weren't quite ready but were given complimentary drinks from the bar, which were gratefully accepted after a long drive south. Our rooms were ready 10 minutes later. Our interconnecting rooms were spotless and more than adequate for my family. Breakfast was as good as anything we've had before if not better and the bar was adequately stocked for that nightcap or two after a long day touring the city. I read all the reviews I could find about the hotel and didn't encounter any of the problems a small number of previous guests reported, so yes, the water was always hot, the towels changed and plentiful, the electricity worked as did the TV and the lifts. There was a small amount of noise from the bar across the street and there is a Witherspoons on another side of the hotel. This could get problematic in the summer when there are more drinkers outside and you want your window open so think about this when booking. Location was perfect for us. A 5 minute walk to the tube and a 10 minute tube trip will see you at the centre of London. We drove down to London and left the car at a secure off site car park about 10 minutes walk from the hotel, which only cost us £20 for 48 hours! As for Camden the area, well it's certainly lively and vibrant. We didn't eat or drink in the area and only used it as a base but the sights are worth seeing. We consider ourselves very young at heart parents of two teenagers so it wasn't too much of a shock but if you're a bit straightlaced it could come across a little intimidating. To sum up don't worry too much about the negative comments, those people must have been used to staying at the Hilton or Marriott. This is a crackin hotel in a great location with really friendly and helpful staff who couldn't do enough for us. We'll definitely be back.	
Sep 30 2008	ideally located in camden	The hotel was ideally located amongst the hustle and bustle of Camden; right on the canal and next to the market. It stands opposite a Wetherspoon's pub, The Ice Wharf ( the pub takes its name from the adjacent Ice Wharf, which was built in 1837 for ice imported from Norway). Wetherspoon's pubs have a good reputation for quality and economy - amongst the lowest pub prices in GB - but also for boisterousness on Friday &amp; Saturday nights. Our room overlooked the pub and was surprisingly quiet. There's plenty to do in the evening in the area and the underground is close by. The rooms were very comfortable and clean; the staff were friendly and helpful.	
Sep 22 2008 	Ideal Location	I have just returned from a weekend at the Holiday Inn Camden waith my husband and 2 children 13 &amp; 11. ROOMSWe found this hotel to be very comfortable, but the rooms were quite small. The bathroom door almost touched the toilet in front when open, the bathroom was tiny, just enough floor space to get out of the shower! The room had tv with some satelite channels, there was a desk and chair and also a small table and 2 chairs, as well as a small double bed. The rooms were very clean and had modern bright decor.LOCATIONThe location was definately the best bit about this hotel. It is right next to Camden market, which is a very interesting place to visit. The main high street shops are also right nearby. There is a wetherspoons pub next to the hotel, which is good for cheap drinks and food. The tube station is a 3 mintue walk and is very easy to find. I would definately stay here again if the price is right. We got our room as part of a theatre deal with lastminute.com, but i don't think i would pay the full standard price to stay here.	
Sep 13 2008 	I'm loving it! Great Hotel - Poor Parking except for blue pass	On my second visit in a year ( the first was a free night on my priority points) I turned up dressed like a tramp after a long trek at 23:40 and was welcomed warmly, identified as a priority club member and, as there was an upgrade availble, promply upgraded to a suite on the top floor, overlooking the lock and Jongleurs with an awesome balcony and a very nice room indeed. I nearly cried because it was already time for bed before I had really made the most of the situation.However, previous stays were in the standard room solet us be objective.The rooms are pretty standard holiday inn UK rooms, not to be confused with US style rooms, but are large and well equipped, very comfortable, in fact my friends on the last trip slept five in their room with no problems.DO NOT open the fridge and poke around, it is all computerised and you will have to pay for anything you move, unless you sweet talk the very understanding duty manager who was the most helpful such employee I have met in ages.Parking is tight and very rare but there is a good indoor car park a few streets away and it isn't a fortune, blue pass holders are quite correctly given a space in the hotel yard, when there is one available.Camden lock is 20 yards away and the London Underground is less than 250 yards away (it is in zone 2). The markets, the street stalls are all within a short walk, but not one you will be wanting to take late at night.Sunday is the best day to visit as the whole area comes alive and the hotel is an oasis of calm in the middle of the madness.The staff here are very well mannered and really helpful and it is now my favourite London hotel.Book online and save a few bob and pay no more than £130 for bed and breakfast, if you cant get that price, join the priority club, thern phone them and tell them you had that price last time you booked, they can't always do it though so be nice and try next time, but a bit earlier.Going back next week and I can hardly wait!	
Aug 29 2008 	not a patch on oxford circus	NOT A PATCH From a priority card holder. I stay at holiday inn /express and accumilate a number of points during my stays. In the last week myself and wife stayed at Oxford Circus in a suite where we had complimentary bottled waters, biscuits , robes and slippers 2 televisions ,overall excellent. This week we took our daughter to a show and through the call centre booked on recommendation a family room at Camden lock. We were advised that we could possibly have a room overlooking the lock so we went for that . On arrival told family rooms are all inner facing room so no lock facing. Also our room use to be a smokers room but we wouldn`t know. We were then given voucher to exchange at the bar for complimentary bottle of water. Our room to say the least was a tad smaller than what i expected espicially as i had read that rooms with 2 double beds where on the large size. It seemed no larger than the rooms i stay in on my own. The fridge in our room had the most expensive priced drinks for minitures again compared to the HI Oxford circus hotel As for the area i have to agree with others that i felt at times a little intiminated after we had arrived back from the show late at night. What disapointed me mostly was that in booking both hotels the points debited were the same for each hotel but i can assure you that Camden was not a patch on Oxford Circus.	
Aug 18 2008 	Value for money	For an affordable, clean, london hotel, decently located then you can't go too far wrong than with the Holiday Inn at Camden Lock. I have just spent the week there and have found everything to be ok and value for money. I think we would all like everything to be perfect and I did have a few little moans about the bathroom being very compact, air con too noisy to sleep with on, but some of my moans were out of the hotel's control like noise late evenings/early mornings from party revellers in the street below. The hotel is ideally situated right next to the canal and the famous Camden market. The tube is literally five minutes walk with a good selection of international restaurants to hand and Regents Park also close by.All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to revisit.	
Aug 7 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	Very friendly Staff, Clean comfortable. Brilliant location. Would recommend to anyone wanting to be in the heart of Camden.	
Aug 2 2008 	Brilliant hotel!	I chose this hotel on the basis of the location, and also the positive reviews on this website. Before booking I contacted the hotel directly and the manager Luis Pedro was very helpful in getting me a special deal for my stay. A collegue rang me directly to arrange my booking and Luis followed this up with an email to check everything was ok which I was thought was excellent customer service. When we arrived at the hotel on 27th July, we were too early for check-in but we were hoping to leave our bags while we went to watch the Lion King Musical. To my surprise, our room was ready early - excellent! Check in was fast, and the lady on the reception desk (Hani/Hana?) was helpful and friendly. Our room was on the first floor and while the temperature outside was extremely hot (very unusual for the british summer!), our room was lovely and cool. We had booked a triple room but our room had two double beds and was a good size. Both the room and the bathroom were also very clean. When we came back to the hotel after our day out, we discovered that our television did not work. I rang reception and they were extremely helpful and eventually moved us to another room down the corridor where the tv worked fine! The beds are very comfortable so we had a great nights sleep and unlike some hotels, we couldn't hear much noise from outside. The location of the hotel is excellent if you want to explore Camden - its a few minutes walk to the famous market, and there are plenty of cafes and pubs if you are looking to eat out. We found a diner just a few steps up from the hotel which we had lunch ate - great cheesy chips and friendly staff! The tube is only a 5 minute walk from the hotel which is ideal for exploring the rest of London. Overall, a great hotel and I would definitely stay here again if I was coming to London.	
Jul 29 2008 	Amazing Peace and Relaxation in Camden	I used to work in Camden years ago and it was great in my twenties and full of life. It's still full of life and a wonderful place to be, though now I like to be able to get a break from the crowd and it's so nice to be able to find peace and style in a hotel in the centre of Camden.We picked this hotel as it was close to the Forum in Kentish Town and you know where you are with Holiday Inn. Well, I thought I did, this isn't like any Holiday Inn I've ever stayed in, it's bright, has a style all of it's own. We were lucky enough to book a room on the top floor with great views and a balcony, below to one side Camden lock, on a warm sunny day a hive of people having a great time way into the night. Though as soon as you close the door to your balcony you would not have a clue what was going on outside.The room was a good size, very clean, very bright and well thought out in design. Great bathroom and nice touches, such as well designed furnishings.Staff very good and with a great knowledge of the area.This is a haven of style, peace and great service in the heart of Camden.	
Jul 21 2008	No Response	After reading the visitor's review dated June 13, 2008, I became concerned about keeping my own reservation to stay in July, and so I waited for the manager's response to appear here at TripAdvisor, which I'd noted, was usually prompt and sincere. When 10 days passed and there was still no response from Holiday Inn over the electrical concerns of a guest, I decided to take action and contacted the Camden Lock location via email, requesting a response to my concerns about the safety of their electrical system prior to my July visit. I NEVER HEARD FROM THE MANAGEMENT OF THE HOTEL!I canceled my reservation.Now that I'm back from my visit to London, I see that the manager of the hotel did respond, but it took him a month to do so. I appreciate the seemingly thorough response given, but I wish he'd done so in a more timely manner. I might have overcome my concerns about the safety of staying at his hotel and kept my reservation.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great hotel in good location.	Stayed in the Holiday Inn at Camden a couple of times with work and had a very good experience each time. The room I stayed in on my first trip had double doors overlooking the Camden Lock which was beautiful. The room itself was a good size and included a small study desk which was handy. The decor in both the room and the en-suite was very smart as well and everything was clean. The dinner in the hotel restaurant was excellent. On my second trip I was going to be given a room on the other side of the hotel but asked if they had any available on the canal-side. I was advised that there would be a live band playing at that side of the hotel until about 11p.m but, if I didn't mind this, then it was no problem. That particular night I was back at about 11.30 or so and the seating area in reception was having its floor covering replaced - the work was all done with minimal disturbance and everything back in place the next morning. All the staff I encountered were friendly too. The only flaw I can remember - and this is a nit-picking thing I've noticed in a few hotels - is that the bath/shower is not properly sealed where they meet the wall or panelling. In this case it meant that the otherwise attractive veneer had begun to stain and swell where water had got in behind. Still a great hotel in good location though.	
Jul 17 2008 	Truly Wonderful Hotel	My fiance and I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and can't rate it highly enough. Over the past few years we have stayed at several hotels in London including The Conrad and a few other 5 star hotels but we love the Penthouse rooms here and we love the area so we frequently return here. The staff are amongst the most helpful we have met and don't judge people. We can go to an event in jeans and leather jackets or another event in posh frocks and diamonds and we are treated with the same respect; something we love. The service is excellent and the food is lovely.The last time we stayed at the hotel we had a couple of minor blips one of which was dealt with immediately and the other was dealt with by the manager to our complete satisfation on our departure.We love this hotel so much that we have chosen to spend the first night of our honeymoon here before flying abroad in Sepetember and I do not for a moment doubt that it will meet our expectations.	
Jul 6 2008 	I LOVE Camden Lock Holiday Inn..would 100% stay again!!	We had a BRILLIANT stay!!! Would 110% stay again..i look forward to it!!The Room:My boyfriend and I booked a standard room and it was beautiful..really lovely comfy bed, tv with lots of channels, tea and coffee making facilities, a gorgeous bathroom (great shower), great furnishings and much more!The Location:Great, safe area. Safe parking only minutes away. Immediate access to the famous Camden Market and very close to Camden tube line. Wouldn't change the location at all, absolutely brilliant! We walked outside at about 1 in the morning and felt safe! Perhaps only a tiny disadvantage is that the hotel is very close to a busy Weatherspoons..so there is a tiny bit of background noise..nothing serious though!The Staff:Wow, I must say that the staff were fantastic! They helped us with every aspect of parking in the area..they gave us free dental kits and lots of information of the area and were just generally really nice to chat too! One of the receptionists was called Starr and she was lovely! The restaurant staff were also great..really friendly and fun!The Food:We only had small meals for dinner at the restaurant..great food and great service! We even stayed there for lunch despite the fantastic food options in the area..it was delicious..they also make fresh smoothis! One important thing...The breakfast is AMAZING...everything you could imagine..yum yum we were very impressed!! We also ordered room service which was prompt and tasty!Extras:The intention of our stay was to visit the famous Jazz Cafe to see Victor Wooten perform...who did we meet at the hotel entrance? Victor Wooten and his bad!! It was great!! If you are intending to go to the Jazz Cafe then it is likely that the performers will be staying at the Holiday Inn!!!Also, as we only stayed one night we had to leave our luggage somewhere secure..they were happy to take our bags and put them in a special secure room..we kept going back to take items from our bags and they were happy to help!Also, the hotel is open 24 hours..very useful!Thank you VERY much for a lovely lovely stay..i really was blown away by the service..it really, honestly was great!!!Thanks again, Momo xoxoxxooxox	
Jun 18 2008 	Would never stay here again -- travellers stay away!	I will never stay at another holiday Inn, nor will I recommend your organization to anyone. In fact, I will go out of my way to tell whoever chooses to listen about my horrible experiences at your hotel.? On May 28th, I informed the reception area that the air conditioning was not working in my room. They told me they would take care if it. I also asked for more towels. Nothing was done.? On May 29th, I again informed the hotel I had no air, again I was told it would be taken care of. Once again nothing was done and no extra towels were left.? On May 30th, I asked to speak to the manager. I was changed to another room.? Extra towels were provided.? On May 30th, my daughter’s TV did not work in her room. A fuse had blown.? On May 31st, my TV did not work. A fuse had blown.? On June 4th, my daughter’s TV did not work in her room. A fuse had blown.? On June 10th, at approximately 1 am in the morning, I heard a large SNAP, and saw a flash of light (I was asleep) and smelled something burning. My TV had blown out – it was not turned on – and had caused all the electricity in my room to go out. I called reception and 2 gentlemen came up (without flashlights – they asked me to hold the room door open so they could see with the light from the hall), but could not fix the problem. As it was so late and I had been asleep, I told them I would move in the morning. Morning came and I had to dress/shower in the dark. I finally had to call reception. I was moved to what I thought was a  nice suite. The manager also told me an adjustment would be made to my bill. ? On June 11th, I went to unplug my mobile phone from the charger, which was attached to the outlet with a grounded UK adapter. I felt a large shock, heard a snap and there was a flash – my charger was burnt out and my hand and the charger were black. This was an Apple charger and had been used before with no problems, in this hotel and in a hotel in Rome with no problems. Reception again came up and reset the electricity. They seemed unconcerned that my charger had been destroyed and that my fingers were black. Upon check out on June 12th, reception had no record of an adjustment made to the bill and there was no manager at the hotel to speak to. My mobile phone number was taken and I was told I would receive a call before our plane took off at 11 am that morning. I received no call. And I have not received any calls since.This hotel should be closed and its entire electrical system re-worked. It is a dangerous situation and an accident waiting to happen. I paid my entire bill in good faith, but fully expect to be refunded for my inconvience and for the destruction of my mobile charger ( cost $80 US dollars).A few other things to bring to your attention:•The towels in this hotel are stained and very, very rough. An earlier review stated they have been replaced.•There is no security chain on the door and no way to double lock the door.•Housekeeping is very irresponsible and does not reply to requests. We ran out of toilet paper twice.The only positive thing about this hotel is its location and the staff in the restaurant. Other than that it is the poorest quality hotel I’ve ever stayed at in my entire life.I will never stay at another Holiday Inn. I will not recommend your hotels to anyone and will do what I can to tell family, friends etc. about my experiences.I had expected more of your organization; I have never stayed in a hotel that I was afraid to sleep in for fear of an electrical fire. The thought of it is insane.I expect to hear from you regarding a credit for both my inconveniences and for the destruction of my property. Photos were taken and are being mailed to your corporate offices.	
Jun 14 2008 	Worst check in experience!	I would like to share my experience in this hotel. I arrived with my daughter at around 14.00 and I was told that check in was not possible until around 15.00. Then of course at 15.00 the reception was full of customers checking in and I was told that our room (prepaid through internet website) was not ready yet. After waiting for about an hour we were given free coffee and then they told me that the actual room I had booked was not yet available and if I took a regular one instead it would be quicker! It was the worst check in experience ever! The first thing one wants arriving from a series of flights is to get into the room and a have a shower, so that then the day will not be lost. The second thing is that when someone prepays for a specific type of room, this room should be ready upon arrival!	
Jun 11 2008 	Great hotel in a great location	Decided to stay here cos it looked newer than other Holiday Inn's &amp; we needed 2 double beds (with 2 kids) &amp; something more than basic. Cost £6 to get to in a black cab from Kings X station. Read others' mixed reviews &amp; was impressed by the fact that hotel management actually read &amp; respond to reviewers comments, which is partly why we decided to stay there.Room very clean &amp; spacious enough for 4 people. Bathroom very clean. Found staff in restaurant and bar very helpful and friendly. Good selection of buffet breakfast - hot &amp; cold included in our price. Camden Lock is a fantastic location daytime. We weren't intimidated on an evening, but I see how some other people might be coming back from Tube or bus after dark. There are plenty bars, cafes, shops nearby. Markets are brilliant with wide selection of funky stuff &amp; diverse foods. We were a short tube ride on the Northern line from central London (£5.90 all day pass for Zones 1&amp;2 - most of central London areas), or the number 24 or 29 (can use your travel pass or £2 single bus journey from central London)buses stop nearby.We had our kids with us &amp; we were fine, but wouldn't necessarily recommend area for older nervous people or families with young children, after hours. If you like alternative lifestyle stuff, this area is great. Canal is next to hotel &amp; you can take boat to London Zoo, or down to Little Venice (unfortunately we didn't have time). Wetherspoons pub next door doesn't allow people to drink outside after 9.30pm through week, not sure about weekend. if you don't eat (breakfast) in the hotel there are plenty of cafes roundabout the hotel &amp; over in the lock &amp; market areas &amp; stuff near to the tube. Didn't drive there but there is no parking &amp; not sure how near to hotel you could park or if I'd have wanted to leave a car nearby after dark. It is better to book through Holiday Inn directly &amp; join their Priority Club before you do as we saved loads, &amp; had 2 proper double beds &amp; not just a sofa bed This also gave us a midweek late checkout (2pm), complimentary use of the gym, cooked breakfast (or hot/cold) included &amp; a newspaper. Would definitely stay there again &amp; would recommend it to many others.	
May 16 2008 	Great Base	Stayed at this hotel in early May 2008. LOVED IT. Camden Lock is a quirky area. Yes it was a little scary as the sun set and it was super crowded with people of questionable character but it was still a great base for London sightseeing. The hotel was a short three blocks away from the Tube. However since it was so crowded, it could easily take you 20 minutes to get to the hotel. There at tons of cool shops and outdoor stalls to peruse through. We didn't have the courage to hang in the bars or pubs around there but thats ok. There's a Wagamama across the street and Wetherspoons downstairs but we didnt get a chance to stop by. There is a huge Sainsburys two blocks away where we stocked up on groceries, cheap wine, and bear. Loved that! The hotel itself was very modern and very clean. I was very pleased with this hotel. However, I must say that the towels were horrendous. We stayed three nights and had them changed every day and every new set had stains and bodily fluids and teh quality was worse than a Super 8 Motel. I was shocked. It totally didn't match the quality of the hotel itself. The linens were extremely rough and had stains on them. I've stayed at motels with softer sheets. But hey, other than that, this hotel was EXCELLENT. I would defenitly stay here again but i'd bring my own linen and towels next time. (And I'm not even that picky when it comes to this stuff in hotels).	
Apr 8 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Stayed here for one night and thought that the hotel was in a great location, was clean, staff friendly and efficient, rooms nice and of a good size and there was a good selection of food at breakfast (all buffet). Also bar prices were reasonable - having been stung at other hotels in London!!!All in all I would recommend this hotel, just watch out for the addition of tax when booking with the hotel direct.	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved it!	Stayed in the hotel for 10 nights. We heard a little noise and the beds were very firm. However, everything was new and the room was relatively spacious (we had friends staying in the heart of London who could barely squeeze around the bed). The staff was courteous (although we had trouble with the maid service due to a language barrier when we requested more towels). The location was great, there excellent pubs in every direction for night fun, an expansive market good for shopping and people watching, and it is only a short walk to the underground. Another perk, Starbucks is just around the corner (a perfect situation for a Seattlite like myself). A walk along the lock is also very nice, within 2 miles: Regent's Park, the London Zoo, Little Venice, and King's Cross. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 25 2008 	A Perfect London Hotel	We stayed here over the Easter weekend and I have to say we couldn't fault them (except possily the kids channel not working on the TV but to give them less than an excellent rating due to this would be churlish).The staff are the friendliest at any London hotel I have stayed at. In fact they give the Disney Hotels a run for their money :o) . Polite and friendly at all times they couldn't do enough for guests. The hotel is clean and new and the rooms a good size. Its very quiet (not sure what the last reviewer meant when they said it was loud, they should try staying at the Novotel Euston!) The rooms were very well serviced every night and the breakfasts were first class. Oh and the location for the tube and the Northern line made getting around a breeze. As you can tell we very much enjoyed our stay and will stay there again next easter. Almost forgot...the kids got toys and a gift bag during check inn. Its touches like that which make travelling with kids much easier!	
Mar 23 2008 	Noisy with poor management. Good location though.	I don’t know how this place gets such a good rating. I’ve stayed here twice now and both times I’ve had something go wrong. Stay 1 – Receptionist lied on check-in and the duty manager was nothing but rude. Noisy at night due to the location of the hotel opposite the main bars of Camden lock – through to 11pm. Not good for early nights. Stay 2 – At about midnight on my first night I was awoken to a group of other guests entering my room. Apparently there had been a mix up with key cards. Manager barely apologised. Still noisy due to the bars and a loud snorer next door. However, it does have an above average Holiday Inn restaurant (note that this doesn’t mean it’s an above average restaurant!) and is located just down the road from Camden Town tube. It’s also great for visiting the bars which will otherwise keep you awake until they shut. Rooms are a good size and reasonably up to date. With some decent management and staff, and some better double glazing, it could be so much better, but despite giving it the benefit of the doubt for my second stay, I don’t think I’ll be returning. For those collecting Priority Club points, there aren’t any other Holiday Inn’s close by, but in central London try either the Bloomsbury by Russell Square or Kensington by Gloucester Road (not the Kensington Forum).	
Mar 2 2008 	Very Good Hotel	Stayed two nights in one of the penthouse suites at the top of the hotel:Reception staff very helpful and friendly,as were all of the staff during our short stay.Room was excellent and had superb views over camden.Restaurant staff very helpful and polite during breakfast,and unlike many hotels that we have stayed in they actually had the vegetarian sausages that many advertise but are unable to provide.On the whole a very enjoyable stay,and would be happy to return.	
Feb 2 2008 	Great location for enjoying Camden and easy access to central London	Holiday Inn Camden Lock is in a great location for enjoying the sights and sounds of Camden. Hotel feels very new with clean and spacious rooms with fairly small bathrooms but great showers. Would highly recommend for enjoying Camden and London - only 15 mins or so on the underground and you're in the centre of London.	
Jan 20 2008 	Home away from home	I've stayed in this hotel numerous times over the past years, so they must be doing something right. Time to share my experiences...The main reason I keep coming back is the quality of the rooms. All rooms are definately reasonably sized (particularly for London) and all come with seating areas and desks, as well as french balconies that usually offer good views. Ask for the rooms in the back to get very scenic views over the canal, and try to avoid twin rooms unless necessary, as those only have windows that open to an inner court with airco units. Once you obtain an upgrade, chances are you'll be stunned by the room size, and the lovely terraces that come with the suites and the exec rooms.The hotel just opened a few years ago, and has been kept very well. The rooms are always very clean, and you won't find broken lamps and tv remotes here. Staff is usually friendly, though sometimes a bit unexperienced. Room service food is not bad at all and comes at very reasonable rates.A few cons: the TV offers only a handful of channels; the bathrooms are very functional, but a bit smallish and the towels have seen better days. The rates have gone up considerably recently so it's important for them to work on these points.A lot has been said about the Camden neighbourhood. Camden is not very touristic or glamourous, though it is very lively and offers you the chance to experience everyday London life straightaway. There are many great pubs and good places to eat, as well as a very diverse set of shops. The amount of traffic these generate means you're never alone so I consider it very safe. Also just minutes away is the beautiful area of Primrose Hill and Regents Park, where you can walk for hours to relax and to enjoy the almost rural atmosphere.Thumbs up for this place; I'll be back next month!	
Dec 30 2007 	Great Stay in Camden Holiday Inn	A great hotel with very helpful staff.Camden Lock is not one of the immediate tourist areas that comes to mind when visiting London, we chose this hotel after a recommendation from friends, who were impressed at the room sizes and cleanliness. This cannot be overlooked when paying top dollar in the capital, having previously stayed in rooms no bigger than our box room at home!However, if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is close to a good selection of shops and restaurants this may well be worth considering.The hotel is modern,clean and light with enough space, a good bed and a pleasant bathroom.We had the breakfast buffet which was very good but ate across the road at Wagamamas for our evening meal which was great.The hotel is a very easy walk from Camden Town tube, and is a short cab ride from Euston, St Pancras, Marylebone and Kings X mainline stations.We took in a show in the evening and found Camden to be really well placed on the Northern Line. We were from hotel to the theatre in twenty minutes!The major drawback for the Hotel is its lack of parking. The nearest parking is 10 minutes walk away, in an underground car park. This car park is not open 24/7. So if you need to leave before 8am you must re-park it close to the hotel the night before. We will definitely be stopping again.	
Dec 28 2007	good location	stayed there one night in nov,nice clean,lovely comfortable beds.ate lunch was good,ideal for easy access for camden market,bit of a mix up width payment tho,we were over charged for room,was more than was quoted but was re embursed over phone after realising.would recomend going again.	
Dec 23 2007 	Stayed On Business - Great!	I stayed here for business purposes for 4 nights and really enjoyed my stay. I was upgraded to a lovely room overlooking the Lock area and the Market. I only ate in the hotel one night but the food and breakfast were fine. I love the vibe of the whole area and this particular Holiday Inn appears to carry this off better than other Holiday Inns i have stayed in. The staff are very friendly and although there appeared to be Christmas parties at the hotel every night I was never bothered by noise. I would recommend this hotel for a Lively, well located stay.	
Dec 3 2007 	Great London base	A great hotel with very helpful staff, the Camden Lock is not in an area that would immediately appeal to most. It is not near the shopping centre, and is a little bit off the beaten track.However, if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is close to a good selection of eclectic shops and restaurants this may well be worth considering.From the time of arrival we were made to feel welcome by the staff, who seemed genuinely welcoming - don't underestimate how rare this is in London.The hotel is relatively modern, and appears to have been developed at the same time as the whole of the Camden Lock was re-developed. The rooms are exactly what one expects for this class of hotel. They are clean and light with enough space, a good bed and a pleasant bathroom.The restaurant is very typical of modern hotels, with acres of wood flooring, cafe style tables and chairs and lots of glazing onto a very unremarkable street. But it serves a very good breakfast - with eggs to order that arrive promptly.The hotel is a very easy walk from Camden Town tube, and is a short cab ride from Euston, St Pancras, Marylebone and Kings X mainline stations.Sitting in a very steady neighborhood the hotel benefits from a mix of stores that will have appeal to most people, especially those in the Camden Lock Market. All the normal high street shops are also on the High Street, but don't bother with them unless you really need something, as their really big brothers are all on Oxford St which is only 15 minutes away by tube.To match the eclectic retail variety of Camden Lock Market, there is a wide variety of restaurants, from Hache - the specialist upmarket burger restaurant, to Vietnamese, to Mexican, to Greek all within a short distance.Also within walking distance is Regents Park and London Zoo, probably two of London's most forgotten attractions. The British Library is also very close, as it sits between Euston and St Pancras stations.The major drawback for the Hotel is its lack of parking. The nearest parking is 10 minutes walk away, in an underground car park. This car park is not open 24/7. So if you need to leave before 8am you must re-park it close to the hotel the night before. All in all a great find at a great price for London, and great if you are arriving from the North/Midlands by train.	
Dec 2 2007	Good value great location	Enjoyed our short stay here.Hotel room was spotless and well featured, suitable for both business and leisure. Good value for London too for the rate obtained. Location is superb for visiting Camden with it being just a 2 min walk from the main strip, and 5 mins from the Underground station for trips further into the City. Oh, and it's 5 mins from the superb Jazz Cafe.. check it out!Recommended )	
Nov 24 2007 	good base for business or leisure	This is a nce large hotel and well situated for business in london or leisure and exploring. (2 tube stations from Kings Cross / St. Pancras.Hotel is just off Camden High Street. Plenty of shops and very busy at night.There is also &quot;The Spirit of Havana&quot; interesting little place which is in a courtyard area about 5/10 mins walk from the hotel. Lots of little Cuban kiosk / cafe like things.Hotel wass immaculatley clean. My room was huge and had 2 double beds. Great breakfast and bar prices not too bad. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 5 2007 	lively area	lovely hotel spotlessly clean,.staff helpful.breakfast was ok but very disorganised .hotel in a very lively area but no problems ,it was a bit far away from the theatre that we were going to but we sussed out the underground so was not too bad .behind the hotel was a wetherspoons must say the food was very nice and reasonable in price.when i come to the theatre again i dont think i would use this hotel as it is too far away .otherwise no complaints .	
Jul 31 2007	Great Hotel	Great hotel, excellent rooms and very modern. The breakfast was also great you were spoilt for choice. Just what you need to set you up for a day in London!The location was greaet, right in the heart of Camden, overlooking the lock and market. It was only a 5 minute walk down the highstreet to the nearest tube station.There's a cheap Weatherspoons restraunt just at the back of the hotel and there is a Wagamamas just across the road. Wouldn't hesitate to go back, although the area late at night did make me feel a bit scared; but couldn't have asked anymore of the hotel. EXCELLENT!	
Jul 7 2007 	Great room 	We stayed at the Holiday Inn for 4 nights. Our room 415 was surprisingly large with a full window opening onto the canal. It was a smoking room but there was no embedded odor at all. The room had a comfortable double bed, desk &amp; chair, sitting area with two chairs &amp; a table, large dresser and closet -- there was plenty of space! Also there is a laptop size safe, very convenient.The view of the boats &amp; market area was very enjoyable, there are a few outdoor patios across the canal but the noise was minimal at night. Most eating spots closed by 11PM. I would agree with other reviews that this area would not be ideal for families, we didn't see many children around. The main streets nearby (Chalk Farm Road) and the market are fairly crowded, so it would be difficult to manuver with strollers/luggage. The side streets (Arlington Rd) and Jameston Rd (where the hotel is) are easier to get around if you are walking from the tube station, particularly with an umbrella! The Camden market is sprawling, eclectic, there is plenty to see from art to jewellry to vintage to punk. Also being less than 5 min walk to the Camden Town tube station was very convenient to get around London.We had the buffet breakfast included in the rate, which had a good selection but there are so many cafes nearby I wouldn't bother to pay extra at the hotel. The hotel restaurant staff were very friendly. A few nearby restuarants that we enjoyed: Lockside Lounge (in camden market, good drinks &amp; casual food), Fogg's (on chalk farm road, amazing food &amp; desserts, beautiful spot), wagamama (nice Japanese food across the street from the hotel - it is a chain restaurant we don't have in North America).There is also a grocery store nearby (sainsbury's) if you need it.We took a side trip out of London and were able to leave part of our luggage at the hotel for 3 days which was a great help. It was a great experience, I would highly recommend this hotel especially with the high prices elsewhere in London. If you are looking to see the sights or shopping, you can get around so easily from Camden.	
Jun 15 2007	Simple and Good	This is hands down the best Holiday Inn I have ever stayed in. The room was very comfortable and well-equipped, and the staff was very helpful and kindly switched me to a non-smoking room upon check-in, despite not having such a room &quot;available&quot; when I booked online. The location is great for tourists. Simple, clean and comfortable--highly recommended.	
Jun 1 2007 	fab	we really enjoyed our weekend at this hotel. we went to london christmas shopping and really enjoyed waking up to the hustle and bustle of camden town. i dont think that this hotell is for older people or families as camden can be a bitt intimidating at night. the staff here were very pleasent and the room was clean and modern	
May 11 2007 	OK hotel Dodgy area	You know what you are getting with a Holiday Inn, this was one of the better ones. Decent size room, very quiet where I was located and fair breakfast. My London colleagues told me that the area was going places. Well if it is I missed that bit. Camden Town itself is a bit of a dump and as others have commented you have to get past at least half a dozen drug pushers to actually get to the hotel, walking from the tube station. I stood out like a sore thumb dressed in a suit and pulling my luggage at 7.00 in the evening and felt uncomfortable. Still the streets were busy enough and nobody directly hassled me. The next morning the streets were much cleaner of both rubbish (from the nearby market) and the puchesr, but I wouldn't take my family to this hotel.	
May 9 2007 	Really very good	Disappointing check in experience, Booking request was for a quite room location (I appreciate this is an oxymoron in Camden Lock), I didn’t even get the key card to the first room that was allocated (313) and when I arrived at the second (216) the girl had allocated a room directly over looking the adjacent pub and outdoor drinking in area – I later discovered this was also over one of the hotel function rooms – not very impressive.The situation was rescued by some particularly good customer service from Alex who sorted me a room (101) on the street side, much quieter than the adjacent canal side but perhaps less scenic – effective sound proofed full length door style windows, good standard room – absolutely no complaints. All staff was all very helpful, welcoming and smiling as I came and went throughout the stay.Location is ideal, just off Camden High Street, 5 mins. from Tube. Hotel management seemed very aware of noise nuisance, the TV that restricted max volume control, together with interactive TV messages asking guests to be considerate of noise levels when coming in to the hotel late at night. Management also sent a note to each room warning of possible private party noise, also a nice touch, but as it turned out I heard absolutely nothing.Breakfast was Ok, but after the first £5 supplement for the ‘Full Monty’ didn’t feel that this was worth the extra. Unfortunately they also have no idea how to serve English breakfast tea, tepid water served in a pot will just not do.On the whole this was really a very good experience, and I suspect much better service than other London hotels. Thoroughly recommended for location and value but not perhaps for a quiet weekend, although outside drinking seemed to be restricted after 21:30/22:00. Area could be a bit intimidating for some but is mainly restricted to the High Street area.	
Apr 16 2007 	great but...	The Holiday Inn at Camden Lock is an absolute steal. You'd be hard pressed to find accommodations like it for the price anywhere else in Central London (the sign in the lobby said a standard room was £200/night but booking through Travelocity was significantly cheaper). The staff were extremely friendly and helpful — every time we left or returned, the front desk would wish us a good day or welcome us back. When we checked in, I made a request for a room with a canal view and were given a 3rd floor room directly on the canal — perfect. The window was actually a door that opened in (no balcony but it didn't matter) which allowed us look out onto the stalls being set up across the canal, a great way to start each morning. The room was modern and roomy. The only thing that was of any concern was the toilet, as it was attached to the wall, not the floor, and every time I sat on it (I'm 125 lbs), it creaked and shifted a bit! The &quot;but...&quot; has to do with the neighborhood. Personally, I didn't have a problem with it (as I was traveling with a boyfriend and had steel toe boots) but I could see why some previous reviewers had negative things to say. The Camden Market area attracts a certain type of character (dodgy/drunk) at night and if you are, for instance, alone and older or have small children, you will probably be more comfortable elsewhere. Also, there are bars (the kind you drink in, not the kind to keep out burglers) surrounding the hotel, so it's pretty noisy until late at night. The closed windows do reduce noise significantly but you can still hear the occasional shouting. But if you're up for a good time and aren't bothered by people offering you &quot;skunk&quot; when you return at night, then look no further. You will LOVE this hotel.	
Apr 6 2007 	Enjoyable stay	My girlfriend and I spent a long weekend in the Camden Lock Holiday Inn at the end of January. The hotel is nice, staff are friendly and the breakfast is great. Camden is a vibrant, eclectic area. We saw drug dealers operating in broad daylight around Camden bridge but the hotel is a few minutes walk away and we did not feel uncomfortable.	
Mar 19 2007	Really great! Camden is lovely!!	This is a great hotel for such a good price!! My parents stayed here last year when they came to visit me. Our room looked pretty much like the one posted in the review below this one. Really comfortable, modern and a great size for London hotels. It's europe, everything is a bit smaller here!INFO ON THE AREA:-lived and worked in Camden for years and the area is FINE! at night there are a few shady looking characters on the high street but they are harmless and more annoying than anything. -a great location with tons of buses going there from every part of town and like 10mins by tube and bus to downtown attractions. Very close to 3 major tube stations, can walk to one in a few mins. -The High street and market is VERY busy during the day on weekends, but the hotel is right beside the canal and it's a peacful little place to sit in front of.-The area is sorta is eclectic and 'alternative', meaning has some excentic looking young people and shops, although it's changed over the years and you can get mostly very mainstream clothing for good prices. There is also a great antique market. It's a very vibrant area and has nice restaurants and bars. -We never ate in the hotel, don't bother when there is so much on your door step. but beware of some of the noodles and food in the market some of it tastes a lot worse and greasy than it looks especially if it's from the people yelling out prices trying to sell it to you!!got good price on Lastminute.com!	
Mar 6 2007	Great Off the Beaten Path London Location	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Camden Lock in January while attending a conference just off Trafalgar Square. Within an easy tube ride (the Camden Town tube stop is just 5 minutes walk away) and bus commute of, and a mere 30 minute walk from, Trafalgar Square, staying at this hotel lets you experience a lively part of London many visitors miss. My spacious room had a view of the canal and Camden Lock and put me steps from the shops, market, and concert venues that this part of London is famous for. There are nearby restaurants for every taste and the hotel has a nice restaurant and convivial lobby bar. I got a very good rate for this hotel on Priceline and can highly recommend it for anyone who would enjoy experiencing a hip part of London.	
Feb 18 2007	Too many problems	Stayed here for eight nights with my family, 2 adults and two children (aged 8 and 13). Let's take the negatives first:-  Wasn't too sure about cramming 4 people into one room for eight nights so I called the hotel before I booked and was assured that the room was plenty big enough and they'd never had any complaints about the size. The room we were given was tiny. Just big enough for the two small double beds (140 cm wide, apparently standard continental double) and not much else. Certainly no cupboard space for our needs. Tiny bathroom (you have to dodge between the small bath and toilet to open the door). The window was the size of a postage stamp with a view over the rear ventilator. We complained and were told the hotel was completely full and they couldn't give us a larger room or a second room, even though we offered to pay full price. Spent one night crammed in like sardines and complained again the following morning to be told exactly the same. However, we contacted the booking agency who spoke with the hotel on our behalf. One hour later, they offered us a choice of eight spare rooms and we moved into a pair of interconnecting rooms on the fourth floor. These rooms were the same size as the original room but with one double bed in each the room wasn't so cramped. Nice large windows with a good view as well. Nothing out of ten for service so far. Other problems were numerous but relatively minor. Double beds are small and we found them over hard; One of the two lifts was &quot;Temporarily&quot; out of service for our entire stay; Wireless Internet costs £4 for 30 minutes and was out of service for long periods of our stay; Front desk couldn't lend me either a pair of scissors or a standard power supply lead for my laptop: The desk chair fell apart when my eight year old sat on it. The hotel bar is sterile and reminds me of a doctors waiting room. Same problem with the restaurant, it's more like a canteen - OK for breakfast but you wouldn't want to eat an expensive meal there, especially with all the alternatives Camden has to offer. Beware of the Hotel Photos on the website. They all appear to be taken from Functions Rooms or Executive suites situated on the Regents Canal side of the building. Neither the restaurant or any of the standard rooms we saw enjoy this view. Finally, when I came to pay the bill for our two rooms I was told that I had to pay for one of the two complimentary daily papers I received even though I was paying for two rooms (as there was only one complimentary paper per Priority Club Member!). This, however, was quickly sorted out once we found someone who was capable of making a decision. The positive? Once we found someone in authority to help us with the room change, she was apologetic and effective; The breakfast staff were excellent; The rooms are clean and well serviced. Finally, the location, right next to Camden lock market was perfect for us. The market is great, it's a couple of minutes walk from Camden Town station and we never felt unsafe or uncomfortable at any point.  Sadly, the negatives outweigh the positives so I can't rate this better than 2 out of five.	
Feb 1 2007 	Excellent hotel	Despite paying a rock-bottom price (through Travel Supermarket.com), we were given a great room overlooking the canal. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, and could not fault it. Clean and comfortable throughout, excellent continental breakfast, and exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Recommended.	
Jan 30 2007 	Our weekend	We visited this hotel on the 25th of January for a long weekend. The hotel was very welcoming and spotless. The surrounding area is full of culture, music and most importantly food. There is a lovely chinese restaurant opposite the hotel (wagamama chain) and a largish wetherspoons pub next door.There is some noise (music) from around the hotel but it doesn't go on very late.Exceptional hotel.	
Jan 13 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for a business trip. Hotel is very well equipped for the business traveller and would recommend it also for tourists.Rooms very comfortable if a little warm. Very soft beds and well equipped rooms.	
Jan 4 2007 	Awesome times.	Great hotel, really friendly staff. Everything was to the highest standards. We had a great visit, this was our first time in London and camden was a real experience it's got something for everyone. We're definitely coming back. A real highlight for us and a plus for anyone staying here is the fifty five bar straight across the street. The guys in there are awesome and really made us feel welcome. If you want a great trip pop into central london in the morning, then explore the markets in the afternoon. At night just kick back and relax in fifty five so you just have to stumble back across to your room.	
Nov 29 2006 	Camden Town Lock	New hotel right on the Regents Canal at Camden Lock. Room was small but new and well integrated furniture made it compact but not cramped. Bathroom was well appointed but cramped. Bed was on the soft and springy side. Lobby included a pleasant bar (espresso and liquor). Staff was friendly. A non-functioning TV remote was quickly fixed. Booked through Priceline and received a smoking room but it proved to be without odors. Also upon checkin we were informed our Priceline price didn't include breakfast; the buffet breakfast an extra 12 pounds. Needless to say we ate out. Camden Town Road and the various markets provide some interest in direct proportion to how many tattoos and body piercings you have but much of Camden Town Road is just seedy. A 10 minute walk to the Camden Town tube station and six stops to Leicester Square but even this short a trip can be trying on the crowded and dirty London underground.	
Nov 28 2006 	Good Hotel bad area	I stayed four nights in this Holiday Inn with my wife on a recent trip to London, the room was clean &amp; very quite. The hotel is good, the area is well just “bad”.This hotel is located in an area that historically is not the best. It is getting better but there is way too much open drug dealing in the surrounding streets for any normal person to feel very safe. The police seem not to care &amp; do nothing to stop this very illegal activity. It will hurt local business including this hotel if this keeps happening.The Camden Market is very busy on weekends &amp; most nights. Some nice restaurants &amp; bars including a Weatherspoon (almost next door).I honestly can’t recommend this hotel unless something is done to clean-up the illegal &amp; very open activity that occurs right outside the hotel.	
Nov 17 2006 	Comfortable Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for one week in October for a mix of business and pleasure. As other reviewers have indicated it is a comfortable, modern, roomy (by London standards) hotel. Camden itself is a cosmopolitan area well serviced by the tube and buses. There are several restaurants within a block or two of the hotel with a variety of cuisines. Older and single travellers may find the walk from the tube station a little uneasy after dark. Our room didn't face the outside of the building and we were pleasantly surprised at how quiet it was. Would happily stay again on future visits to London.	
Nov 12 2006 	Good but noisy location	This hotel has a good location at Camden Lock, a lively area with plenty of nightlife including a large Wetherspoons right next door. The nearest tube station is a short walk away. The hotel itself is modern, comfortable and well-maintained, with smart rooms (particularly the bathrooms). The only downside is that it's a bit noisy; the windows keep out some, but not all, of the noise from the people on the streets below, and I also found I could hear the people in the room next door. Other than that this hotel's great, but if you want peace and quiet look somewhere else.	
Oct 25 2006 	great hotel	We stayed at holliday inn camden lock for 3 nights.The room was very spacious compared to average british hotel standards. Nice clean bathroom with a tub.The surronding area goes from beautiful to wouldnt go there alone a dark night.Between the hotel and the tube station there are alot of gothand punk type of shops with the accompanying sort of people, and if you´re not used to this type of crowd that might make you feel uncomfortable. But I never once felt unsafe in the area.The breakfast buffet was great it had a large selection of everything from toast to hot food.would absolutlety stay there again	
Oct 4 2006 	One of London's better hotels........breakfast ok	Stayed at the hotel, on business during September 2006.The hotel is only 5 mins from Camden Tube station which makes it easy to commute into the city for business or a night on the town (£10 taxi from Leicester Square).At the rear of the hotel there are several shops and bars around the canal / locks. These are nice area for a relaxing afternoon, away from the hussle and bustle on Camden High Street.I have stayed in numerous London hotels, however this was my first visit to this particular hotel. I was very happy with the location &amp; size of rooms, therefore I will definately return on business. I would also recommend this hotel as good destination for a weekend break.Breakfast was ok, however it wasn't excellent !	
Sep 23 2006 	Good hotel	I stay here regularly on business.The hotel is relatively new and purpose built. As such, the rooms are a good size, standard Holiday Inn, rather than converted from previous use. The staff are friendly and room service is reasonably priced. There are a number of restaurants nearby. Camden is out of the central zone to the North. The tube station is 5 mins walk from the hotel and there is a bus service. Camden has long been a &quot;bohemian&quot; area in london and the main street has a famous clothing market. It does have a drugs scene and is not appropriate for youger children after dark, although the hotel is set on a side street where it isn't so visible. Efforts to clean up the area continue.	
Sep 6 2006 	Excellent hotel!!	I stayed here with my mum over the August bank holiday weekend and had a great stay. Our room was large and clean and the bed was so comfy! The bathroom too more than lived up to expectations with both a bath and a great shower. In addition, we had a balcony which was completely unexpected and gave us a great view over the Lock.The bar downstairs was a great place to relax and the staff were really friendly - asking how we were, giving advice as to where to go out to etc. We also got a free newspaper and breakfast was included - although we only had this on one morning, when checking out they refunded us for the breakfasts we hadn't had, which I thought was a nice touch.The area itself is great - there's a great choice of restaurants and bars with a Weatherspoons 10 seconds walk from the lobby, and a Wagamamas right opposite, which served us well on our first night.The only complaint we had during the stay was the room next door which decided to have a party on the Saturday night at 3.00am. However, we phoned downstairs, got an apology and within the next 10 minutes it was all quiet again. In addition, the next morning we got a small box with two free chocolates inside - very nice touch!I would definately stay here again - its close to the tube and the nightlife - all in all a great hotel.	
Jun 4 2006 	Excellent hotel highly recommended	You know, if you were to hunt back over my previous reviews in TripAdvisor, you'd find that I'm starting to sound like an old grumpy man.Pretty much every review begins with my description of my shoulders slumping and the depressed sigh as soon as I've entered most of the £100-a-night London hotels (excluding breakfast, of course). The feeling of &quot;Is that IT ?!&quot; as soon as you walk in most London hotel rooms is enough to put me off returning to the capital.It's a relief to finally be able to praise a London hotel.The Holiday Inn Camden Town is a stunner. I've stayed here for three weeks (not at weekends), and it just manages to tick all the good boxes. The hotel feels modern, the rooms are spaceous (gasp!), and have lots of mod cons. The curtains are blackout curtains - you can actually sleep beyond sunrise if you want to. The room temperature works well, and is controlled by ONE dial for heating and air conditioning - genius! - I wish all hotel rooms had this. And the lighting in the rooms is very hip and modern. Would sir like background lighting, spotlights, or a subtle lamp ?The bed is really comfy (better than mine at home, damn it!) and the staff are genuinely helpful and friendly. During the first week, I stayed in a room with two double beds (£83 per night, inc breakfast), but for the next two weeks, I went for a room with one double bed and desk with leather chair. This is much better for working.Oh, and for once, the hotel *is* close to a tube station, just a 5 minute walk from the Camden Town tube. Commuting into the financial district used to take 25 minutes at rush hour.The restaurant food is good, but it always seems a little empty in there, and there's a Weatherspoons pub next door (if you fancy something cheaper) and loads of really good restaurants between the hotel and tube station. The downside to the hotel: well, the area outside can feel dodgy at times. It is right next to Camden Lock, with the market area right next to you, but you really can't walk far around here without being offered drugs.The soundproofing within the hotel isn't too good (but was mostly peaceful). But my biggest bugbear was with the internet connection. Yes, the rooms have wireless, but 8 pounds for 4 hours use is a ridiculous price to charge.The room charges on the Holiday Inn website seem to vary a lot. Two weeks ago, I was paying £110 per night, then £83 the following two weeks... so shop around.Oh, and at 4 pounds per (small) glass, you would kinda hope that the hotel bar's range of white wines would stretch beyond their one single Chardonnay on offer.All-in-all, this isn't just a good hotel, this is the BEST hotel I've stayed at in London, and the only one I actually enjoy staying at. Highly recommended.	
May 29 2006	positively surprised	knowing some hotels in london we did not expect too much. But we were positively surprised. The rooms are spacious (for London standards), bathroom clean, everything fine. We did not have breakfast, so I dont know anything about it.The Hotel is located in the middle of Camden, just around the corner are all the little shops of Camden Lock, pubs and restaurants are just a block away (one is opposite the hotel).Short walk (about 5 minutes to the next underground station (Camden Town), Leicester Square Area within 15 minutes by tube. Enjoyed it very much, will stay there probably again next time in London.	
May 25 2006	Nice Hotel Eclectic Location	The hotel is located right off the main thoroughfare, backing onto the canal. The hotel is very clean, quite modern and the staff are friendly. Our room itself was on the smallish side, but it had nice full size window/door that fully opened. Our room had one queen size bed, but we saw inside other rooms that had two queen size beds. All the amenities were there (ironing board, dryer, TV with a few channels and some crappy old movies on Pay-per-view, coffee machine, cream soap dispenser next to bathroom sink, body gel/soap dispenser in shower). Also, these thin towels that were amazingly absorbent; weird I know, but its one of the things I remember about the room! The place is also in a great location. Camden Town is an eclectic area with lots of small shops, pubs, clubs, restaurants, food stalls. I would say this area is &quot;edgier&quot; than other parts of London we visited with a more punk-ish/alternative style, which was perfect for us. We never felt anything negative in our many forays around Camden Town, including many a late-night walk back to the hotel. Yes, we were offered drugs a few times on the nearby streets, but we are young-ish and dressed in such a way that we presumably fit the demographics though we never felt threatened. And no, we never partook. The hotel is also very close to Camden Town station on the tube which is on the Northern Line. Very easy to get to and from other places in London. For those who know such things, the hotel is just inside Zone 2 for the tube. So for an all day tube pass from the hotel to Zones 2 and 1 (where mostly all the tourist attractions are) is £4.90 (this pass is good on the buses to).One thing to avoid about the hotel is paying the £2.50 for 15 minutes internet charge in their mini business centre. Just go up to Camden Road where there are many internet cafes. These are not easily noticable though. There is one, for example, at the back of Noodle Hut food vendor. Just look for (often handwritten) signs at the entrance to the cheap food vendors. These are often £1 for 2 hours, quite a difference over the Holiday Inn's prices! The hotel does offer in-room wireless internet access, but I have no idea of the charges, if any.Also, Priority Card members get a free newspaper (of your choice) delivered early morning under your door.There is a breakfast buffet which was very good, if a bit pricy. Typical British fry-up fare available (eggs, beans, cumberland sausage, blood sausage, veggies, hash browns) along with more traditional fare (cereals, juices, croissants, cheeses, breads, etc..). Be careful though, this buffet is sometimes included in your hotel charge, but it may not be. We had two different reservations (don't ask) one with the breakfast buffet, one without. The buffet was very good, but see how much it knocks off the price of your hotel room before you decide if its worth it or not. If you don't have the breakfast buffet included, I recommend you go up to the main street (Camden) and just walk. You'll hit a number of small cafés or diners.Couple of decent pubs just up the street, Oxford Arms and Elephant's Head. Standard pubs, but very convenient locations relative to the hotel. Literally a minute away.Despite my minor internet quibble, bottom line, I would recommend this hotel to friends.	
May 17 2006	Would definately be back	My wife and I stayed here on the Thursday and Friday, May 11 and 12. We had read the reviews and prepared ourselves for quite a threatening area but had no need to worry. Although it is wise to be cautious in any location, the Thursday and Friday late nights were fine and there was a good mix of people on the streets. We were given a room (417) overlooking the lock which we loved as it had two glass door which opened fully to allow us to sit and relax with the view down below.During the day, the markets were very interesting with a wide variety of items for sale. The lock area is excellent and it is very relaxing to spend time around the market buildings, in the outside food areas or indoor cafe.The hotel is modern, clean with staff who were very helpful. The reception manager, Federica, took time to find our Priority Club membership so we could have a late check out and a couple of free bottles of water. It felt as if nothing was too much trouble and we felt very welcome.We will definately be back for the above reasons, but also because it was quick to get to and from the city centre with only a short walk to the underground.	
May 12 2006	Good Value	Stayed at the Camden In over the weekend of 5,6,7 May 06. The hotel is very new and is right on the canal beside Camden Lock. The hotel staff were friendly and the facilities modern and very new. The room was clean and spacious and offered a room safe, trouser press, ironing board, coffee facilities and pay per view movies. The hotel is very close to several trendy pubs right on the canal.The area of Camden around the hotel is very 'Bohemian' but there is rougher edge to it, and I would not recommend it after dark to families are single travelers unless your are very confident in yourself. I did not see any trouble but witnessed plenty of police cars speeding up the road with blues and twos on and was offered drugs several times whilst waking down the street! (I declined!).Overall the hotel is good the area is funky but a bit risque, and if you can cope with that then go for it!	
May 2 2006	Nice Hotel Ignore first impression of area	Nice hotel, if a bit apprehensive when we got off the tube as to what type of area we were in. HOWEVER, I felt totally fine walking through the Market and Lock and Saturday by myself. Take my advice wander round the markets, get some food for one of the stalls and watch the canal boats pass by, you wouldn't think you where in the middle of a city.Hotel itself was fine, nice rooms, even provided me with a toothbrush when I realised I had forgotten mine. Would definately stay again.	
Apr 23 2006	Excellent - no problems what so ever	Ive stayed in this hotel twice before. It is a fairly modern hotel and the service here is excellent. The executive room is nice and spacious, with bath &amp; shower, king size bed and a balcony over looking the canal. Room service was on time, reasonably priced and of good quality. Some people say that Camden is 'strange' or 'dangerous'. Camden is unique in its own sense, but its fairly safe. If anything, go to the hotel via the main road and not through passed starbucks, weatherspoons and the bridge.	
Apr 7 2006 	Rotten area.	I stayed here for one night as a retired female travelling alone. It was a mistake. I booked this hotel because I wanted a room with a proper bathroom and air conditioning near to Euston. The bathroom was absolutely lovely and immaculately clean, nice bath, fabulous power shower and good quality fittings but tiny towels. The bed was very comfortable and decent linen. So what was wrong? The room had one small window which barely opened and I had no view, literally a brick wall high enough to block out the sky. This was a real shock. The room was oppressively stuffy and the air conditioning was totally inadequate. I found it to be like a prison cell and couldn't wait to leave the next morning. Worst of all was the area. The hotel is in a side street off the main shopping area right by Camden Lock. It should have been great but the streets were teeming with people who were unfriendly/aggressive and too rough for my liking. I felt at a real disadvantage being on my own and would not have felt safe after dusk. I have to say it would be a brilliant hotel for a group of young people going to a rock concert. Not for me. I am getting old and hard to please maybe but for £95 I might have fared better somewhere further away from Euston station.The staff were pleasant and friendly which was nice but if you are going it alone I would avoid this place and get a recommendation from someone who is more experienced at booking suitable London hotels.	
Apr 4 2006	Best Location / Best Price / Best Everything....	Such a high standard hotel for such a low fare! And all this in the middle of London, in Camden Town, where it all happens! Clean, high standard rooms ( designer-like ), excellent breakfast, friendly staff, unbeatable location.Don't worry about reviews that say &quot;strange neighbourhood&quot; or so. Camden Town is not dangerous anymore! Quite the contrary - camden town today is one of Londons' hippest neighborhood with the best stores, food and markets. Check it out - you won't be disappointed!	
Apr 2 2006 	Nice! Good location. Comfortable hotel.	I stayed here just for one night but there really was nothing to fault other than the breakfast, which there wasn't enough hot vegetarian foods. But other than that it was great.Good location, I went with my work place who were organising a team building event. The location was great, 5 minutes from the nearest tube station. Interesting people in the area! The hotel room was superb, nothing wrong with it at all, it was very comfortable and spacious. See pictures. Staff from my experience were all fine too. Would reccommend it to most.	
Feb 6 2006	Fantastic	This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in, we had room 220 overlooking the lock and the market, and it was surprisingly quiet at night - no problems with getting to sleep. The breakfast at this hotel was the best I have ever had, fantastic buffet with just about everything you can think of on it! We paid only £70 for a queen sized room including breakfast by booking direct on the Holiday Inn website - such fab value for money!	
Jan 23 2006	Great Hotel - Veeerrry Interesting town - and people!!	After reading some reviews we spent only 1 night at Holiday Inn Camden Lock, to our great disappointment. Originally booked for 2 nights then changed to another hotel for the 2nd night - big mistake!! The Hotel was very modern, clean , bright and comfortable. The room was very comfortable and spacious, with two big double beds, excellent air conditioning system. The mini bar was quite pricey, though we didn't use it as we took our own minitures! Staff were very kind and helpful with any queries we had. Breakfast was included (good deal from Holiday Inn website £85,) and was very good, with a good selection, clean lovely bright dining room, but on reflection we wish we hadn't eaten, as there was so much variety on offer at the market just outside the hotel. The hotel itself is in an excellent location, right on the lock (we are big fans of canals and barges! - no we are not THAT old!) Only downside - no car park facility - nearest one is Pratt Street, but very reasonable at £12.50 per 24hrs, £10 weekends, but hey - this IS London. We got on the 88 bus to Trafalgar Square, and realised it wasnt too far away for all the regular tourist attractions, and for only £1.50 single, but a day ticket is very good value too.To say the Camden markets and the people were interesting is an understatement. We picked up some great bargains, lots of original itmes, and had a real laugh with some of the characters on the stalls. We also met up with the resident town crier around the Lock market, who was a bundle of fun too!!There is a pub on almost every street corner, and plenty of good bars and restaurants. Try the Tapas bar round the corner on Inverness street 'Barganza' for great tasting, great value food, and plenty of it.Yes, there were some dodgy looking characters at night, (same as most towns) but we didn't feel threatened or vulnerable in anyway, just smiled politely and went on our way, and they did the same.The high street and the markets are just so full of life and vibrancy, friendly people, Punks, Goths, Mocha's galore, but all the more interesting for that, it was hard to leave. We will definitely be back, with our 2 teenage kids, and sooner rather than later!	
Jan 23 2006	Fantastic Hotel Will Use Again and Again	I brought my boyfriend a weekend stay in Camden for his Christmas present as he hadn't been to London before. I didn't know what to expect with the hotel as i have never stayed here however this hotel was one of the parts that made our weekend perfect. We turned up 2.5 hours earlier than the arrival time and they let us have our room straight away, the hotel was extremely easy to find and i would say you couldn't find a hotel in such a perfect location for Camden. Its very clean and the staff are always there to help. Our room was an exectutive room and i would say they are well worth the money the views along the locks are great, You don't get any problems with the noise coming from the markets and the bars either. Our train wasn't until the night time and the hotel porter came an collected our luggage and put them in a safe room for us to come back and collect later. The only problem we encountered was that we wasn't staying long enough and we didn't want to leave....	
Jan 19 2006	Good value	Great location for the price if you don't mind not being slap bang in the centre of town which is only a very short tube or cab ride away. Tube station is a one block away and there are plenty of cafes, restaurants and bars within a few blocks. Our room was spacious, modern and very clean. Front desk staff are friendly but slow and somewhat bewildered.	
Oct 24 2005	A real find in London	Myself and partner were attending a concert in the Jazz Cafe so we found this hotel to be quite near the venue.Camden is a funky, trendy, hip and happening part of London which means there are plenty of bars and clubs nearby and a few 'characters' out and about which, in my view, adds to the ambiance!The Holiday Inn Camden Lock is right on the canal edge beside the famous Camden Lock footbridge and the many markets and shops. The bar next door to the hotel doesn't allow outside drinking after 9:30pm so noise shouldn't really be a problem.We did hear some revellers late on but nothing too bad.I found the check-in to be swift and courteous, our room and bathroom was immaculate and functional. A nice juliet style balcony enables you to open glass doors onto the canal side. The bar area is friendly and not too expensive with a plasma TV and internet room off to the side.The hotel is about a 10 minute stroll from Camden Town tube station and is therefore very easy to find.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again in the future. In fact the location is great for seeing some of the real London yet only a 10min tube ride from the tourist sites and much more expensive bars/resteraunts in the West end.Well recommended!	
Sep 13 2005	Good hotel interesting neighborhood	I stayed in this hotel for 6 days in August. It's located in Camden Town, in northern London. The tube station is right around the corner on the Northern Line, so it's easily accessible. When we got out of the station to walk to the hotel, we were amused by the crowded, punk neighborhood. It's like St. Mark's Place in Manhattan, only more. The hotel itself is quite comfortable: the room was a fine size, clean and cozy. I slept well each night, but as a New Yorker, it might have been noisy at night but I wouldn't know. For some reason there are only about 4 tv channels, and lots of pay channels. So don't go for the television viewing. They had a large breakfast buffet of average quality (which was devoured for an hour every morning by my German travelling companions) with good service. We had dinner in the area one night, and realized that everyone in the restaurant was younger and louder than we were. Didn't go back, opting instead for travelling on the tube to more central neighborhoods in search of quieter dining. All in all, I think it was a good value, you just have to decide if you mind the young, loud area. The hotel is perfectly comfortable.	
Sep 4 2005	OK Hotel Dodgy Area	Stayed here for a Saturday night whilst in London. Hotel was OK, but nothing special.However, would agree with other reviews that the area seems a bit dodgy. Walked down Camden High Street about 8pm and there seemed to be quite a few dodgy looking characters hanging around (drugs dealers ?) which made us feel a bit apprehensive. Bizarrely, when we walked back around midnight, they'd all disappeared and it seemed a lot safer.All in all, would only stay here again if I needed to be in Camden.	
Jul 31 2005 	Nice hotel Not so nice neighbourhoud	In the month april I have stayed in the Holiday Inn Camden Lock. The room is clean and it's size was comfortable. The staff was very friendly. The only major drawback is the location of the hotel. The hotel is located in the Camden Lock area. During the night you can feel quite uncomfortable when walking on the streets in this area. So i wouldn't recommend this hotel to parents with kids. But if you aren't scared easily and likes to stay in an alternative neighbourhood this hotel offers a good value for you money ( Paid around £85 a night)	
Jul 23 2005	Great Hotel / Bad Area	I stayed in the holiday-inn camden town just a week ago. Im a teenager on a trip with my family and we all thought the hotel was good but the area was, Interesting to say the least. When we heard camden lock market we thought farmers market, we were wrong to say the least its a goth, punk area not the cleanist and nicest area. If your traveling with kids i would not recomend the hotel also beware at night i felt a bit scared at night outside, But it was a nice hotel convienent to the tube station and on a good line so very convienent.So if you dont mind the area its a great hotel.	
Jun 20 2005	Quite nice but noisy.	Seems like a newish hotel, but is already showing a bit of wear and tear in places (hole in duvet cover and damaged lift). Whilst the room I had was a good size and the bed was very comfortable, some of the fixtures and fittings seemed a bit flimsy and done 'on the cheap'.Worst thing was the noise. As it's on Camden Lock you get a lot of noise from bars (espeically in summer - beer gardens!). This isn't so bad as it pretty much stops come 11pm - midnight. However, I was there for four nights and was woken every night by other guests returning from nights out - times ranged between 2am and 5am. The hotel management seem to be aware of this as every night there was a note on the TV for all guests, asking to show a bit of consideration for other guests if returning late. Sadly the people on my floor didn't take this request on-board.Not the hotels fault really, but I won't be staying there again.	
May 31 2005	High quality very clean and comfortable	We stay at the Camden Lock Holiday Inn quite regularly for business in London and it is an extremely clean and comfortable hotel with excellent staff.The breakfast is somewhat dissapointing - it is a full English buffet but the standard is pretty poor and yet expensive so we do not eat breakfast here. However you are in the heart of Camden so there are plenty of nearby places to eat.This hotel is not cheap and you have to book early to get the best rate of around £85 a night. However the standard of the hotel is excellent and the staff and services are of very high quality. Finding a good hotel in London is very very difficult and that is why we always return to Camden Lock Holiday Inn whenever we can. If you can get a good rate book without hesitation!	
Apr 19 2005	Loved it.	I have to say. I have just found this site and wish I'd found it before our London trip.We arrived in London to a nightmare of a hotel situation. Our first hotel booked through hotels.ca was terrible. The first room was in the basement with a view of garbage through the tiny windows near the ceiling. The front desk was lovely though and after requesting a room change were ushered through tiny stairwells to another room. Not fantastic but acceptable given what we were paying. Then I tried to shower. There was no water. Again the staff was lovely and ushered me to a staff &quot;room&quot; to shower, while the plumber attempted to resolve our water issues. My eight year old son was endearing himself to the handyman with offers of assistance while my husband tried to catch a quick nap. I got wet in the shower and the water disappeared.At this point the boys were being entertained by the staff in the lobby and my husband and I went down to meet them. The staff really was terrific by the way and very embarrassed. We let them know we were going to head out for the day and give them time to resolve their issues. After an exhausting day and suffering from jet lag I was desperate for a bed and heading back to the hotel in fear to be honest. We were met my the manager who was a delight and he had a car waiting to take us to Holiday Inn. We stayed for three nights free of charge!WHAT a delightful suprise for us. They felt terribly that our first family vacation had started like this.The staff at Holiday Inn were fabulous. Extremely helpful, and given we were freebees I was certainly not expecting the above and beyond treatment we received. Lorenzo was especially wonderful and allowed us to bring pots of tea and coffee from the kitchen to our room.The hotel was exceptionally clean, and modern. The breakfast was more than ample to fill our bellies and again...the staff allowed us to take some extra bagels and fruit for our daily adventures with the children. My son is a fan of Lorenzo's forever for introducing him and supplying him with monstrous amounts of nutella.The staff made a weary, disappointed family very very happy.Now...the hotel is a little out of the way but nothing a short tube ride didn't take care of. The neighbourhood was rather creepy after dark and I learned what &quot;skunk&quot; was as did my son as we looked for something to eat.It had a great little chinese food place around the corner though with an internet cafe which was helpful to let our family know we had relocated.I would most definately stay there again. I can not say enough about how fabulous the staff was.	
Apr 11 2005	Very comfortable and convenient	We needed a place to stay that would accommodate three people and would be in close proximity to University College London dorms in Camden Town where our older son was staying during his &quot;study abroad term&quot;. Finding a room that has two double beds in London is not an easy thing. This Holiday Inn was perfect. Very new and in great shape. Room was bigger than expected and much nicer than Holiday Inns we had stayed in in the USA. Very nice bathroom. Everything kept very clean and well maintained. Hotel staff was helpful and you are only a 5 minute walk from the tube stop. We ate at Weatherspoon's behind the hotel overlooking the Locks for a quick breakfast and dinner. Price was reasonable (for London) and the food was good. Camden Town is a trip. A cross between Seaside Hghts NJ, Fisherman's Wharf and Greenwich Village. You see everything imaginable. Finally the Holiday Inn site offered very good rates (again for London). Definitely would stay there again.	
Mar 28 2005	Peacefully Vibrant - A+++	Just back from a fab 2 night stay at the Holiday Inn - Camden Lock. It's located just a 2 minute walk up Camden High Street (manic on a weekend) from the Tube, close enough to all the action, but peacefully located next to the canal. We arrived early, at 11.00am, but we were greeted with a smile, a free upgrade to a wonderful penthouse studio with a great terrace overlooking the canal &amp; markets, and were told we had a late 2pm check-out if required! (I'll be joining more frequent traveller/flyer clubs!!). The rooms were all very modern (opened 2003), trendy and clean. Breakfast was included in our rate of 85GPB so all in all, a mighty fine deal. I'd recommend the pub/bar 'Lush' just across the road for a relaxed atmosphire and cocktail happy hour from 5 'till 7. Camden station is within zone 2 on the tube, so get a zones 1 &amp; 2 travelcard for the underground and buses (£4.70 per day) and go enjoy... #1 Best London Tip: Jump on the No. 11 bus in Sloane Square (after munching Krispy Kremes at Harrods) and sit back to enjoy a bus tour of the sights (Downing Street, Buck Palace, Houses of Parliament, St Pauls, The City. Using your tube ticket buses run every 10 minutes, so it's just like the numerous 'Hop on-Hop off' rip-off tours, except it leaves 18GBP in your pocket!	
Mar 8 2005	Really Cool Hotel	I stayed here for 7 nights and I enjoyed the hotel and area. Although Camden is busy with the markets etc, the hotel is off the main road and next to the lock, overlooking the markets. It's a good hotel as far as location goes, close to everything! The area around is lively - lots to eat, drink, shop, markets, movies, pubs etc... I must admit there are some creepy people in the evening, but that is a problem EVERYWHERE... the oddballs. As for the room - I had an excutive room on the very top floor with a massive patio. Room was always cleaned and the bath is well stocked and shower is really good. The hotel bar is good too. I did not eat at the hotel at all, the markets next door have great food stalls[CHEAP] and there is a Starbucks about 30 seconds away from the hotel. There is a restaurant call Wagamama, great japanese food. Avoid Arizona Restuarant - bland and small portions of food. Also, yes, there is a 'rock' crowd sometimes, but hardly anyone famous - just local bands/individuals looking to make it big. I would definitely go back to this hotel. [BOOK IN ADVANCE]	
Feb 20 2005	Convenient for West End and City but cheaper	Stayed here in the half term holiday, when all the hotels in and around the West End where either full or stupidly expensive. Booked through Holiday Inn website and got a good rate (£80) which included Buffet breakfast for 2 adults and 2 children. Room was very clean and well appointed. View from room was non existant, overlooking a flat roof and a brick wall, if you are staying for longer insist on a room higher than 1st floor!! Hotel is modern and pretty lacking in character but great for exploring Camden Town and Lock markets which cater mainly for Hippy, Goth and young trendies but are different and fun to look around. Take a morning stroll along the towpath, just outside the hotel, to Regents Park, Primrose Hill and Little Venice a nice change from the usual tourist haunts. Hotel is close to Camden Town tube for trains into the Centre of town and is down a side street off the High Street, although well lit I felt a bit vulnerable at night, as with any big City be aware !! Would recommend this hotel as a good alternative to West End hotels. Camden is different with some interesting and unusual places to eat and drink, but close enough to the City and West End.	
Dec 29 2004 	Great business hotel		
Dec 3 2004	rock star		
Nov 10 2004	For the younger crowd?		
Oct 22 2004	Good location nice hotel		
Oct 12 2004	Ideal location I'd definitely go there again		
May 12 2004	Cozy but keep your expectations low.		
Apr 7 2004	Fantastic hotel and what a view		
Feb 28 2004	Great location great service rock stars...the lot!!!		
Feb 3 2004	Wonderful hotel		
Oct 26 2003	Nice new hotel		
Sep 9 2009 	buen lugar si visitas el Camden		
Jul 23 2009 	Buon Hotel pessimo servizio e personale tremendo		
May 7 2009 	Fraude à la carte bancaire		
Mar 18 2009 	Confortable cosy !		
Nov 15 2008 	idéal au coeur de Camden		
Sep 4 2008 	flippige Gegend - tolles Hotel		
Feb 7 2008 	Super Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Oct 11 2007 	Hôtel très agréable dans le quartier underground de Camden Lock		
May 6 2007	Super hôtel		
Jul 9 2006	Deuxième séjours toujours excellent		
