	perfect	I was part of a group of 4 couples stayed in this hotel and would recommend it highly.The rooms were a very good size and the location could not have been better less than 5 mins walk to oxford street and bond st tube station.lots of restaurants within walking distance.Staff in hotel were very helpfull and gave us lots of recommendations for restaurants shopping ,sightseeing etc.The hotel had a very relaxed atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle .	
Nov 20 2009 	Very nice hotel in a lovely neighborhood	I just stayed at the Milennium Mayfair for 3 nights while I was in London on business. The room was pretty spacious for London standards. The furnishings were lovely, bathroom well appointed and their service was very good. I was very pleased with the value for what I spent and would definitely stay there again. Mayfair is a gorgeous neighborhood also.	
Nov 9 2009 	Club Tropicana!!! Air conditioning not working!	If you are looking to stay in an air conditioned room, choose another hotel!We stayed last night for my birthday and the air-conditioning did not work at all in our room, no air at all coming from the vents either. The temperature in our room according to the digital display was 27.5 degrees, not at all pleasant to sleep in or get ready for a night out without leaving the room covered in sweat!Requested at 8pm when leaving for dinner that the reception ask an engineer to look at the room while we were out, arrived back to the hotel about 10:30 asked at reception if they had fixed the fault to be told &quot;Gary the engineer was on his way to look at it&quot;. Needless to say I was not going to wait at that time of night for someone to resolve a problem and requested a room change to somewhere much cooler. Gary and the reception staff then showed us another room (which Gary the maintenance engineer couldn't find the light switch in!!!! Hardly reassuring my faith in the hotel maintenance system!!) which at the time seemed cooler although it had been unoccupied. Within 15 minutes we realised that the air-conditioning in this room did not work at all.Reception then offered to change room again, by this time they had truely screwed up what was supposed to be a relaxing weekend away for my birthday and couldn't be bothered to move to another room at about 11:15, so requested to speak to the Duty Manager in the morning.Duty manager responded by saying there was nothing she could do, we had paid our bill and there was no compensation for the fact we didn't get any sleep in what is normally the primary function of a hotel?? Iasked to speak with someone more senior, he told us the same basically that they wouldn't reduce the room rate and thats it!Please think about staying somewhere else unless you want to sleep in a Sauna.4 star, I doubt it, even Travelodge has air-conditioning that works.	
Oct 27 2009 	Best to Us!	This hotel had superb service. Although our friends across the pond can be downright snobby towards Americans, the staff was nothing but friendly and helpful (but not overly so). My husband and I stayed for a week while on our honeymoon in July. Upon arrival, we were given and upgrade to the junior suite. We were thrilled! The room was very spacious and larger than standard American hotels (i.e. Hampton Inn, Hilton). We had a large desk, couch, and separate living area, TV, and king size bed. The bathroom had a large, deep tub featuring &quot;old world&quot; faucets (the shower worked wonderfully as well). Everything was clean and well-kept--not one hair on the towels or sheets. What I like most about the stay was that I felt comfortable everywhere in and around the hotel. Mayfair is one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in London, and it is close to everything! Bond Street or Green Park are the closest tube stations around. There are restaurants everywhere around the hotel, not to mention the 24-7 armed guards guarding the American Embassy next door (check out the HUGE eagle and American flag on top of the Embassy!).What I liked least of the stay was the outrageous internet prices. It was $30 for 15 minutes, and the connection was entirely too slow (think dial up). Nothing was &quot;included&quot; in the stay, but it is a nice room and area in London.	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Location Lovely Hotel some areas for improvement	Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with some friends &amp; overall had a fantastic time. It is located perfectly for Oxford Street. 5 minutes stroll will take you to the heart of the shopping! It is also 5 mins from either Bond St or Green Park tube stations. Gordon Ramsay's Maze is right across the square &amp; there are some lovely cafes just past the embassy. The hotel looks exactly like the photos added by users. The room (classic) was a good size &amp; had a lovely bathroom with a great power shower. The staff in the hotel are all very pleasant. The bar food is excellent. The bed was huge and one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in. The only fault with the room was the lighting - no main light in the main area, only the &quot;hallway&quot; area. This might seem like a small thing, but when you can't see yourself in the mirror to style your hair before going out at night, it gets very annoying. The one area I would rate this hotel poorly on is the Business Centre. The internet is hugely expensive (£5 for 15 mins) and is unreliable. It crashed 6 times in the 15 minute slot I purchased. It would have been very frustrating had I booked the hotel with the intention of working. The only explanation the staff could offer was that there must be alot of traffic and I found them quite unhelpful.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and value!	Overall, we had a great experience with this hotel. The location is amazing - we were close to the underground and all of the activity on Oxford Street. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful with each request. The rooms were beautiful and well-kept, although small, which is pretty standard.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location and Luxury we loved it.	We spent a couple of nights in London to celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary. We booked the Millennium two days before having monitored prices for the top London hotels for weeks before. We got it for €150 a night, down from over €700 a night! When we arrived at the hotel we told them it was our anniversary and they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a superior room over looking the park, which was beautiful.The concierge staff couldn't do enough for you, but if you are heading to London at the weekend and have particular restaurants in mind, book well in advance to avoid disappointment.The hotel's location is excellent, a five minute stroll one direction to Hyde Park and the Serpentine lake where you can have a beer and a bite to eat in the very informal yet cool cafeteria/restaurant. Five minutes in the other direction from the hotel is the shopping paradises of Bond St and Oxford St. Bond St is for the wealthy and the window shoppers, Oxford St for the rest of us mere mortals.In short, we loved this hotel and the area around it and will return to it when we next return to London.	
Oct 1 2009 	good location and pleasant stay	We got a very good price on this hotel for the location - right on Grosvenor Sq and just a few blocks off Oxford Street. Rooms are a good size and everything was very clean. As others have noted, decor is slightly faded but not dirty or bothersome. We had little need to ask for anything of the staff but they were pleasant at check in and out. Hotel is about equidistant from both Marble Arch and Bond St tube stops (about 2-3 blocks each). The area is quiet and very safe at night as there are many embassies right on the square. The hotel has two restaurants and a bar (pricey) but there are many cafes and a few pubs within 1-2 blocks on S Audley or Davies St. We liked Alan's Organic on Weighthouse St. For dinners, we had best luck north of Oxford on James St where there are many options - La Tasca for tapas was best. Selfridges and M&amp;S are right on Oxford and there is a M&amp;S Simply food in the Bond St tube station, which we used to stock up on fruit and waters and such. Would defintely stay here again!	
Sep 26 2009 	Wonderful stay	A real bonus we got a great deal on the room inc buffet breakfast, staff were fab room was fab, Buffet breakfast awesome, nothing was to much trouble. My hubby did his knee in while walking and needed to see a doctor Not a problem the receptionist gave us a hotel card recommended the Dr and off we trotted saw the doc handed over the hotel card, no charge for the visit. I am a Very Happy Punter.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice breakfast	Stayed here for a night in June. Located in a relatively quiet square in Mayfair, about 15 mins walk from Oxford Street and Piccadilly. Rooms a good size for West End. Breakfast buffet really good	
Aug 28 2009 	The best value in London	I love this place, I have stayed on about 10 different occasions and would 100% recommend it. I don't know about service problems in some reviews (I have always found it fine) and some reviewers have obviously been double charged, but any complaints are way outweighed by the fact that this is a grown up hotel for a good price. On one occasion i was given a room which was a bit smelly, but I was immediately given an alternative when I told the front desk. The beds are great, bathrooms fine, and everything is clean and modern. To me, staff have always been very friendly. I just hope they keep their room prices reasonable (I normally get internet rates). I agree with people who say drinks are expensive and 24hr internet is ridiculous at 20 pounds, but what do you expect? You are in the most expensive part of the most expensive city in the world. If you want a coffee in the nearby coffee house (lovely) you have to take out a small mortgage. All in all I have yet to find better at the price.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great location clean hotel good service.	Mayfair is a great area to stay in, and this hotel is very centrally located to many of the sites in London's West End. The best part of the hotel is the location. Very quiet neighborhood in short walking distance to everything you need. Very easy to get from this hotel to the underground, very close to Hyde Park (where you can get the big red bus tours) and very close to Oxford and Bond streets. Room was on the smaller side (just a standard room) but clean, same with the bathroom. Nice amenities, powerful shower, good housekeeping service all around. Valet, concierge and front desk were all helpful, though it could be crowded in the lobby.The bar was nice, dark woods and a piano..though not very busy. Couple of restaurants in the hotel but we didn't eat in any. Room service wasn't terrible. Internet access was expensive (common in London) but fairly quick. The business center was very helpful. No store in the hotel but one right around the corner so you don't have to raid the mini-bar. Always lot of black cabs waiting around by the valet for when its rainy. We were certainly pleased with this place. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this place, especially if they are running a special and you can get a room for less than $200 (125 gbp) like we did. You can't beat that in Mayfair.	
Aug 22 2009	It was clean well located and had great showers	Ever feel that when you travel to europe, you come back absolutely ready for a good hot shower. Well, that wasn't the case with staying at the Mayfair. It is more of a business hotel, so if you're going only for the party, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're goingt o see the sites, have nice dinners and get normal night's rest, this was perfect. Close to the tube, to the hop on/off buses, Hyde park, Oxford Street, Bond Street - everything. I would stay there again in a heartbeat...	
Aug 18 2009 	Best Hotel To Date	Stoped at this hotel in January and I cannot stress enough how fantastic it was. We stopped in a suite on the top floor overlooking Grovsner Square. Room was clean, tidy and we even got a free bottle of Red Wine and a hand written note from the manager welcoming us, a nice touch i thought. The bed was huge, I am 6'4&quot; and even i fit with plenty of room to spare both length and width wise. There was a separte seeting area with complimentary magazines and the bathroom was super clean and a good size. Only a minute strole and you are on Oxford Street yet the hotel is in a very quite location in Grosvner Square next to the American Embassy. The Bar is cosy and relaxed, not stuffy and uptight and the coctails are superb.All in all an excellent hotel highly recommended i thought it should be a 5* rather than 4* as it was much better than most other 5* I have stopped in in London and in a perfect location. As a afterthought we had a meal at Gordon Ramseys BoxWood Cafe in Knightsbridge only a 15 min walk and the food is Devine with generous portions.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good location	We got a deal on lastminute.com so the price we paid was good for the hotel and its location. The decor seems a bit dated but the rooms were clean and large enough. One of us got upgraded to a larger room with a sofa. There was a mistake with the number of beds we wanted in one room but this was quickly sorted out.The hotel is in a good location and the area was quiet when we stayed (on the weekend). Grosvenor Square has a park in the middle, ideal for sitting out when sunny. Tube stop and Oxford Street (Selfridges) shops are just over 5 mins away. If you don't want to eat in the hotel, there are lots of places to eat nearby.	
Aug 8 2009 	good location.. that's it	my first time in a 5star (biz trip), so can't really compare but.. i d never spend that money in such place. extremely expensive for &quot;ok&quot; poshy place. more than once i didn't find towels in room and had to call recep. restaurant served the most expensive water without u explicitly asking for it. In my case they also mistakenly debited an extra meal that wasn t due..keycards failed twice. Doorbell and phone didn't workwired internet costs 20 pound a day (hello, i always had free wifi in crappy hostels!)laundry service costed 3 times the value of my clothes (3 pound to wash a pair of socks?!) plus the time to unwrap them from plastified , new-looking package. (what s the point?)phone calls 4£ a minute..reception staff never smiled, immigrant waiters\tress didIf i had to pay the bill I would have probably jumped off the window.. oh, btw, u can only lift it up 20cm and the aircon doesn't go any higher then 23 C°	
Aug 3 2009 	Nice Place - Pretty Good Location	My wife and I stayed here with three children. We had two rooms (not adjacent as we would have liked but close together). It was a bit costly but it was very nice. Clean. Slightly dated hallways but nice. Lobby very nice. Breakfast was nice but not included in our room. Location is pretty good. Right across the street from a very nice park and near everything (six blocks walk to Buckingham Palace).	
Jul 30 2009 	very unimpressive	I spent a quick mini vacation to London with a friend and stayed at the Millennium Mayfair. It was my first trip to England and I had heard how expensive London is, so, instead of booking myself and checking the review on Trip Advisor, as I usually do, I trusted my friend and travel agent, to find me a good hotel that would not break the bank. The Location is definitely a plus, near everything and within walking distance of Piccadilly, St James, and Trafalgar Square. The concierge was helpful in suggesting tours and we appreciated the advice he gave us. The room was another story altogether. We were booked in what I guess was a &quot; standard double&quot;... 2 single beds across the Gym, which fortunately was not very busy because I was afraid we would hear people coming and going at all hours.. there were very few amenities in the room... one single bar of soap, no hair conditioner or god forbid body cream and I am grateful we did not need any AC because I am not at all sure it worked. We had the strictly necessary number of towels, so if we showered at night, the next morning we had the same towels to use.. the minibar was not restocked for 2 days, and the room as well as the bathroom were miniscule at least by US standards, the air was stuffy and we had to keep the window open all night to breathe.... The best was the hairdryier... it only worked if you kept your thumb firmly pressed on a button and NO outlet in the bathroom, so one had to dry the hair in front of the mirror in the room, in front of the window....Fortunately we had a view of Grosvenor square... but for the money I will stay somewhere else or splurge a little the next time I visit London.	
Jul 28 2009 	Good location nice staff would stay again	I liked this hotel. Rooms were not small, in fact I had a big king bed, couch, coffee table etc, separate kitchen area etc. Plenty of room! The person I traveled with had a room a few doors down, slightly smaller, but by no means &quot;tiny&quot;. Stayed for 3 nights and had no complaints. Check out the wonderful cafe behind the hotel. Lovely cakes and breakfast for around 5 GBP. Pub a block away. Easy walk to Oxford street (around 4 minutes). Would stay there again next time I'm in London.	
Jul 20 2009 	i will not be back again	this is my second visit to this hotel during my second visit i booked a classic double room the classic double room are too small so i ended up paying more money for a larger room which is the delux double room with an acces to the vip club which they serve breakfast there ... but unfortunally the breakfast buffet starts at 7:30 and finshes at 10:30 which is a liitle bit early and you cannot order the breakfast to your room :sthe vip club is horrible very old style decor at the seventh floor the carpets are disgusting the rooms heater dosen't seem to work you'll end up having a cold like me :( the room tv is outdated -over priced hotel some of the staff are horrible the location is great the beds are comfy the rooms are clean this is the only advantage	
Jun 30 2009 	incredibly poor service incredibly expensive drinks	If you want your debit or credit card charged twice by incompetent staff as a deposit, want woken by the maid at 8.30 am on your day of departure for a noon check-out, or even if you want to pay £9.50 for a single rum and coke in the hotel bar (oh, that's forgetting the 12.5% service charge they put on top without asking), then this is the hotel for you. Otherwise I'd advise looking elsewhere.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great overnight	Had the pleasure of staying here to attend a function.We were very surprised to be offered a complimentary upgrade to a Suite room overlooking Grosvenor Square, this was very pleasant with a good sized bathroom nicely fitted and good toiletries. We found the room quiet and comfortable with adjustable air con.We used the bar for a snack lunch which was good but quite expensive, but hey it's London and the staff were very good.We will definately use this hotel if we need to be in the area again, and we would have liked another couple of nights there but had to be elsewere the next day.Finally all I can say is give it a try	
Jun 23 2009 	nice location noisy hotel service unresponsive	This hotel has a great location. The room 158 was nice clean but small. On 2 of our 4 nights there were parties and the caterer picked up supplies at 2 a.m. making considerable noise for quite some time and disrupting our sleep. The staff was not sympathetic to our complaint.In fact, I woke the duty mgr up when I called to complain.The next day was not much better. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jun 21 2009 	Excellent Location Decent Value Poor Service - Likely Due to Understaffing	Great location at Grosvenor Sq. (Duke and Grosvenor) in the heart of Mayfaire, steps from Park Lane, Bond, Piccadilly. Clean rooms, outstanding and responsive housekeeping - if you need extra towels, razor, etc. - in two minutes requested items will be delivered. Front desk is understaffed - it takes long to check in/out, even though the front desk clerks are trying their best. Staff are not very responsive/welcoming, although they are trying their best. Internet is blazing fast. Beds are good and comfortable. Seventh floor executive lounge is not worth the incremental cost of the room.Summary: if you are self-sufficient and do not need help from hotel staff (e.g., concierge service), this hotel is a decent value. If you travel with your spouse, stay at the Brown's - they will make her feel welcome and cater to your needs with grace.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Location Small Rooms	I recently had a 4 night stay at the Millenium Mayfair with my wife. It was a getaway for some London sightseeing, and after searching the web at length, the Mayfair appeared to offer the best value proposition for us wanting to stay in the Mayfair section of London.The hotel is somewhat small, sitting on Grovsener Park in the heart of Mayfair. Its pretty much equidistant to Oxford Street, New Bond Street, and Piccadelly St., and is in a very upscale quiet part of town. To me, this is the perfect location - everything I needed was a short walk away.The lobby is clean and sharp. The porters scamper over to you if you walk a few meters from your luggage, I guess there is a fear of people dashing in and out with your things. Our clerk was a bit new, and to our dismay nobody was really willing to help him as he struggled through our check-in. He made a number of mistakes, many of which were never rectified, but it didn't detract noticeably from our stay.While the hotel is in a quiet location, we were given a room right over the parking lot where the bars let in and out. People stood outside and generally had a wonderful time at around 2 am, and it took several phone calls to the front desk to have the porters ask people to cool it down. Luck of the draw, I suppose, just be aware of what kind of room you are getting and where it is in the hotel.After reading the website I opted for a Deluxe King room at a 40% premium. I figured if we were going to stay for the better part of a week, we should have a bit more room. Ha. It was London tiny, tiny, tiny. We had to inch our way around the bed sideways to move around the room. It was a beautifully refurbished room, although its big box TV seemed out of place with the rest of the modern remodel. Also be aware that if you are a business traveller, bring your adapters - even with the remodel, the mentality towards laptop users seems to be stuck in the last decade.I managed to get what I considered to be a good rate on this hotel of $200 per night - I see others have done better - but this hotel comes with all of the obscenely overpriced goodies one might expect from a hotel that considers itself a business hotel. Internet is a 20 pounds per night, and if you want to use the business center? 5 pounds for 15 minutes (no, seriously). The business center is open 24 hours, which is a major plus. The internet, expensive as it is, is fast.The breakfast is also 20 pounds - to me operating off an expense account, this is something to avoid. Local eateries will provide you with a nice 8 pound breakfast, or if you are so inclined McDonalds is right up the street.Since I got a Deluxe room, I can't even begin to imagine what the unrefurbished regular rooms look like, but if you are going to stay, try to get some of the excellent pricing that seems to be on the internet. I booked straight off the Millenium hotels website.	
Jun 17 2009 	deluxe clean great location	stayed here on two installments during a trip to europe. our first stay we were upgraded to a studio suite for our wedding anniversary. the concierge and front desk staff were very helpful and very friendly. they stored our extra luggage for 6 days while we were in another country. on our return stay we had a problem with the Internet service, which was remedied by having us moved to another (bigger, nicer) room closer to the wireless connection. rooms were modern, clean and freshly decorated. a great location across from a quiet park and super convenient to bond street, oxford street and the tube station. will def stay here when we go back.	
Jun 13 2009 	Excellent value in best location	This hotel is possibly the best located value for money in London. The room was excellent - very clean, and a perfectly acceptable bathroom. The service was good and the breakfast buffet had an excellent choice. Within walking distance of Oxford Street and some top class restaurants nearby we will certainly return to the Millenium London Mayfair.	
Jun 2 2009 	Brilliant location	Need to travel frequently to london with work and this has an amazing location. After day' work just strolling along bond street is a big high.the rooms are well equipped and all amenities are taken care of.The breakfast is early and good, which works beautifully when you are here in london .Mayfair being a big attraction	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent Place	This is an excellent hotel at a nice location. It is also close to Oxford Street/ Regent Street. The hotel is conveniently located close to Bond Street Station. The hotel has a celebrity chef restaurant which serves awesome food..I have stayed in that hotel for almost 15 times and everytime i have had a great experience...	
Jun 1 2009 	Avoid Avoid 3rd floor - Aircon ducting makes loud hammering noise just before 6 am	There were no porters in the hotel when we checked in, not sure if this regularly occurs. Had to carry our luggage to our room ourselves, although we were capable of this. First strike.We were put in room 360, and were quite happy with our room initially. When we complained that the sink was clogged, it was speedily repaired while we were out.In the last 2 nights of our stay however, there was a terrible rattling noise coming from the aircon ducting just before 6 am. It would subside a few minutes after 6 am, and is loud enough to wake the dead. The first night it happened, we thought it was a one-off thing, since it didn't happen in the 5 previous nights we were in the hotel.The 2nd night it happened, we were terribly annoyed. We had to catch an overnight flight and would have appreciated not being deprived of sleep. If you're not an early waker, please avoid the 3rd floor at all costs. Better yet, avoid this hotel.From previous reviews, i understand that this issue has already been highlighted to the management, but i'm rather surprised that it hasn't been resolved yet, and that they are still allocating people to these rooms knowing that these problems exist.	
Jun 1 2009 	Marvellous Millenium!	Booked this for a concet in London - the concert was cancelled but took the trip anyway, I booked direct with the hotel online for £136 inc vat for a double room. We arrived before check in as we had lunch booked at nearby restaurant. I had called earlier in the day to request early check in and was told that this could not be guaranteed but they would do their best. When we arrived at 11.30 the lady on reception remembered me from the call and explained that the room was not ready yet but she thought it would be done in 15 minutes and did we want to leave our bags and she would call us. We left our bags and went for a drink in the bar and just as she said we were called 15 minutes later and given our key - our bags had been taken up for us too which was great!I had requested a high rooom with a nice view when I booked and the lady on reception informed me when we arrived that we had the 6th floor with a view of the square, I was impressed with this as I have made these types of requests before on the internet at other places which haven't been agreed so it was good to see that the hotel took note o these. The room was lovely and big, with a large bathroom and very deep bath. the view was excellent (although if you are very picky about these things in this season a higher room means less of a view cos the trees were so full and green so could not see into square - I'm not complaining as it was beautiful but just warning you:-) ) The lobby was clean and spacious too, and the hotel is a short walk away from Bond Street Station. We got a taxi as the bags were so heavy on a hot day and this cost around £4.00.The bed was really comfy and there was an iron and proffesional hairdryer in the room (which is so much better than the silly travel ones in most places!). It was also very clean.The reception staff were lovely, along with the concierge who was very helpful with the bags and giving us directions for lunch. The concierge and reception lady both spoke to us on the way back in to ask how our lunch and room were - which was a lovely touch. We ate lunch nearby at Le Gavroche for a special treat, just two minutes away near the american embassy. Their lunch menu is great value for a special occasion at a two star michelin restaurant at £48 each for 6 courses , half a bottle of wine each and a bottle of water (au dourves, amuse bouche, first course, main, dessert, petit fours and coffee). The staff were so attentive and Michel Roux Jnr greeted the diners and signed our menu fo us which was great. I admit it seems expensive for lunch but we ate at 1.00 and it kept us going till midnight!I can't comment on breafast at the hotel cos as it was a special weekend I had booked breakfast a Gordon Ramsey's Maze Grill accross the square before we left. I would say this was really nice but not great value unlike lunch - we had a full english and eggs benedict, with juice, toast and coffee and it came to £36. I expected to pay above the odds and it was lovely however it was the £4.00 for a glass of juice which I found silly.The hotel location was great - it was an area I hadn't stayed in before and even though Oxford Street is 5 minutes away (so great for shopping!) I found the location so peaceful and really relaxing! We took a long walk around London in the evening and I found the hotel a great place to start and end this.Check out was quick and the 12.00 check out time suited us well. So there it is - sorry for the long review! I couldn't fault the Millenium Mayfair, staff were lovely, room was great and location ideal! Highly recommended!	
May 27 2009 	Loved it	I booked this hotel through last minute as a top secret hotel (I was 99% certain this would be the hotel, and sure enough it was) got a great rate room only for £99.We were having a couple of days in London for some sight seeing and shopping. For shopping it was very well placed, close to Oxford St, but in a quiet area. Our trip happened to fall at the same time as Obama was in London, and I hadn't realised we were neighbouring the American Embassy offices, until a letter was pushed under the door stating that protests were planned for next day in the square outside and that the hotel would be using it's rear doors for the whole of the afternoon.We were room only, and our room was on the first floor, we were above the japanese restaurant and had some noisy cabbies waiting for fares and talking just below us, which we could still hear even though the room had double glazing.The room itself was a comfortable size, the bed was comfortable, both the bedroom and the bathroom were clean and well maintained. Having looked at the hotel chains website I thought the place looked a bit old fashioned and in need of a makeover, but in reality it seemed much nicer and fresher, maybe they need to update their site?	
May 25 2009 	Caution!!!!	The best thing about this hotel is the location, the worse everything else.The staff at reception was unfriendly and barely polite. Our rooms weren’t ready at almost 3.00 pm, so we were told to wait without a smile or apology. Apparently they didn’t have any room ready in the hotel! Our rooms looked old and stuffy. The bathroom was smaller than a regular wardrobe, but the worse was still to come.We couldn’t sleep because the noise coming from what it seemed an extractor or an air con unit. We heard more customers complaining, but every time we called we were told we were the only guests complaining and that the noise didn’t even exist! As it was 2.00 am we asked to talk to the duty manager who was appallingly rude and after refusing to give us the Millennium head office phone number, he said he didn’t want to do anything and he just walked away on us.I would not stay at this hotel again. The Millennium Mayfair Staff doesn’t have the basic customer service skills and lacks basic manners. I wouldn't recomment this hotel to anyone!	
Apr 15 2009 	Brilliant!!!	My boyfriend and i stayed here in December and were impressed but when we went to bed - the bed base had broken so the mattress slipped through and was rather uncomfortable. Once we had got home, we wrote a letter of complaint explaining exactly what was wrong and what room number we were in and received a prompt reply back offering us a complimentary stay with full english breakfast. We then stayed in April for my birthday and arrived at the hotel where the receptionist explained that we were staying complimentary and that they were going to upgrade our room. After a long story they upgraded us again from a basic double to a junior suite which was out of this world - not sure id be too impressed if i had actually paid the £382.00 just for the night with no breakfast but it was brilliant. We had our own living room, hallway, door bell and en suite bedroom with superb views over the park in the front. - It 100% made my birthday and i was very impressed to the point where i would go back and stay again!!The location is brilliant for london - just 10min walk from Oxford Street and the tube and the breakfast was brilliant too - everything to choose from. Even if we hadnt have had our upgrade i would definitely stay here again - due to its location. The staff can be a bit unhelpfull but most of them dont understand what you are saying anyway. Just shows what you get when you make a small complaint!	
Apr 11 2009 	Nice pice nice position NICE!	Had to attend a function in town and saw a&quot; last minute&quot; deal on this hotel with breakfast thrown in so took it and arrived early for checkin (12 noon) but no problem room was ready and off I went to it.Very comfortable standard room, well appointed with good space wireless keyboard for tv internet access etc and my view was of grovesnor square and the US Embassy so very safe as police and american men with marine style haircuts lurking around the square and on full show outside the embassy itself.Quiet night (alcohol induced slightly) and then up for great power shoer and down for breakfast which did not dissapoint. I has the full monty and helped myself to such as to keep me going til I reached a late afternoon Sunday lunch. Staff in restaraunt were a delight.Checkout very smooth although TV bill page not very clear but checked out at reception quickly and efficiently.Would return for sure.	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent location at moderate cost.	The Millenium Mayfair is perfectly located on quiet Grosvenor Square between the American and Canadian Embassies. The Square is dedicated to American Eagle Squadron, Eisenhower and Franklin Roosevelt, a nice location for U. S. visitors. Within a fast 10-minute walk to Picadilly, Hyde Park, Bond Sreet, Regent Street, Oxford Street and 30-minute walk to Harrod's. We stayed for five days on way to Edinburgh, and then two days on way back. Room 523 was beautiful, with big bath and sitting area, overlooking Grosvenor Square. Our first room was a bit smaller, but comfortable with big bathroom. Breakfast was adequate, the service was very good. We also ate in the Pine Bar a couple of evenings for a light supper after full days of sightseeing and the food was very good. Staff was quite helpful and courteous. Highly recommend for moderately priced hotel in a very convenient location.	
Apr 9 2009 	Do NOT RECOMMEND	The best thing about this hotel is its beautiful and central location. The worst thing is the hotel staff, most of them very arrogant and unfriendly. (Except the breakfast room staff). We booked a standard room that was supposed to be 26m2, but was more like 10m2. The room was also very tired. The first day we came back at 5 p.m. after a long day of sightseeing we found that the room had not been serviced. After complaining about that issue and also the size of the room we were upgraded to a so called &quot;Deluxe room&quot;. The person in charge was very rude to start with, but eventually decided to give som good customer service. The day of our departure, we asked a person working in &quot;Concierge&quot; about ordering a taxi to get to Paddington Station to catch the Heathrow Express. He told us that it was not any point taking the train as it was too late to get tickets! We would be much better off using the hotel's limousine service! This was of course an absolute lie as there were plenty of tickets left when we reached the station. Again, terrible customer service that you do not expect in a 4 star hotel in London.I would not stay at this hotel again even if we got the upgrade to the better room. There is something bad in the air that they need to do something about!	
Mar 30 2009 	fab weekend	We had stayed here before, having booked thru lastminute's top secret hotels &amp; had a positive experience, so when looking for a deal for a 40th birthday celebration this was an option. Booked again via lastminute &amp; got a very good 2 night deal including breakfast. Arrived early, this was no problem to the staff, our room was available - complimentary upgrade to a studio room. Reception didn't confirm our breakfast arrangements, full or continental, but we weren't bothered which we had, but they did ask about papers &amp; wakeup calls, which we declined (complimentary telegraph available each morning from reception or breakfast room.) Staff may not have been British, but spoke better English then me.Room was clean, spacious &amp; comfortable, with a sofa, chair &amp; coffee table as well as the usual bedroom furniture &amp; TV. Plenty of hanging space, including padded hangars for blouses etc. Also tea / coffee facilities,minibar &amp; a safe. TV didn't work to start with, but by the time we came back from a walk, it had been fixed.Bed was large (2 singles zipped together, I think), but comfortable with spotless linens &amp; fluffy pillows &amp; duvet.Bathroom was HUGE. Shower in a separate cubicle as well as a bath, which also had a shower attachment. Shower water pressure was great - one of the best I've experienced. Toiletries, bathrobes &amp; slippers iwere provided in this room. Big fluffy towels too.Room was quite warm - air-con controls didn't seem to have any effect (could be the time of year?) but opening the windows helped. The view wasn't up to much (a sort of iner courtyard filed with aircon boxes), but we weren't there to look out of the windows.2 slight downsides to the room:1) toilet flush wasn't as efficient as it might have been2) the tea / coffee tray was in an alcove with the minibar, but there was no-where to plug the kettle in, so had to have the whole thing - not great design there.Breakfast had all you could want, but is a bit pricey @ £21 (mar '09), but filled us up 'til dinner. If you can get an inclusive deal, it's worth it. If the hotel is full, I suspect the restaurant will get quite busy, but breakfast service does go on til 10:30 on Saturdays &amp; 11 on Sundays, so plenty of time.Didn't use the bar on this occasion, it's a bit expensive, but if you're celebrating........We didn't use the hotel restaurant (apart from Breakfast), but the menu looked &amp; sounded nice &amp; wasn't too expensive considering the area it's in.Public areas etc all very clean &amp; any staff you passed in the corridor always polite.Checkout was mid-day which gave us time for a leisurely breakfast. We left our bags with the concierge while we went out for the day &amp; he was happy to call us a cab back to Victoria Station (took about 5 minutes, cost £7.00).Hotel is in a great position right on Grosvenor Square, which means it's really quiet, but it's only a 10 minute stroll through Berkeley Square from Green Park tube &amp; 5 minutes from Bond Street Tube &amp; the Oxford Street Shops.We went for a relaxing celebration weekend to see a show &amp; do some sight-seeing / tourist stuff, so it was comfortable &amp; convenient for us. Internet &amp; business facilities were available, but we didn't use them. There was also pay TV, if you wanted it.We 'd bought oyster cards, which can save money if you're planning on using several buses or tubes a day &amp; means you don't have to queue for tickets. We also used the 'buy-one-get-one-free' tourist attraction offers from our rail operator which made the attractions much cheaper.All in all we throughly enjoyed our stay &amp; would definitely consider the Millennium Mayfair if booking again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Mediocre Millennium	I was very disappointed with my Millennium experience and would not choose to stay there again despite it being in a wonderful location.For the price I paid for my three night stay I was expecting a luxury hotel where I could relax and feel as if I was being pampered. This was very far from a luxury experience. I felt as if I was in a sort of glorified motorway service station, it was all so impersonal and cold, not helped by aloof and unfriendly reception staff, though the concierge was helpful.Our room was spacious enough and had a great outlook across Grosvenor Square which I loved but the room itself was far from luxurious. It was so cold we had to have an electric heater brought in and the bedside lamp continued to resist attempts to be cured of it's fault until eventually it was replaced on day two.There were none of the little bathroom luxuries one would expect in an establishment charging such a high tariff: there was only one soap which we had to keep moving between bath and sink and one bubble bath which was barely sufficient for two people. Only two tea bags were provided on the tea tray each day (no biscuits) and on requesting more tea, a further two tea bags were brought to the room!! Despite there being a flyer laid on my pillow announcing a tempting offer for dinner in the restaurant I was informed the offer had now ended and no the management was not prepared to honour it. We dined out in protest.The bar is dark and stylish with a resident pianist which was nice but one evening I was served an undrinkable glass of wine for which I paid £8!All in all the service and care about guests enjoyment is just not there and a certain spirit of meanness dims one's pleasure.	
Mar 20 2009 	Do not stay here!!	Where do we start? This has to be the worst hotel stay that we have had anywhere in the world! We stayed there two nights ago and are still reeling from how bad it was. The hotel is in an excellent location, and having stayed there before, we were looking forward to our stay. The first room that we checked into had a number of faults (broken shower, strange fluff on the bottom of the curtains etc.), so we changed room. The new 'Superior' room that we were moved to was far from Superior!! There were a number of minor faults with the second room, but nothing we couldn't live with. Until... we went to go to bed and found that our 'double bed' was actually two singles zipped together (there was a huge gap between them, which was really uncomfortable). We rang down to the front desk to ask to be moved to a double bed (like we had booked), so that we could get a good night's sleep (after all, this was the point in us booking a good hotel). We were met by the most obstructive duty manager, who told us that there were no double beds left in the hotel that night. We understood this, so suggested that we would just check out and go to the Marriott hotel across the square. The duty manager told us that we were welcome to do that, but he would still charge us the full rate for the room at the Millennium. After nearly an hour of debating this, and being quoted imaginary terms and conditions, we got too tired and went back to our room to try and sleep. We were so suprised by the duty manager's rudeness and complete lack of regard for customer service - all we were asking for was the bed that we had booked, but it looks like in the end it was just too much to ask!	
Feb 18 2009 	Well located good service reasonable price tobacco smelling curtains.	The room was adequate in size and located high enough not to be bothered by traffic noise. On occupying the room the curtains smelt very heavily of tobacco smoke. Although this room was no longer designated a smoking room it had clearly been occupied by smokers in the past and the curtains had not been removed or cleaned since becoming non-smoking. Room keeping had to be called to de-odourise the curtains. Noise travel was high with conversations of guests in other rooms being audible and sound transferance of room doors slamming high. Service in the hotel was excellent. The room was comfortable but had an older style tv and few channels to choose from (no freeview). Rooms were very clean and had reasonable desk space provided. Breakfast was plentiful but pricey.	
Feb 4 2009	Great Location	We got a great deal for an overnight stay at The Millennium Mayfair with Londontown.com and this is a perfect location for a London weekend. The rooms are quite small but absolutely fine and for us it was the fact that the rooms are so quiet. They overlook Grosvenor Square and you cannot hear any traffic. The bed was comfy and although the bath is a bit small the bathroom was ok. Concierge was very helpful and suggested a great place for breakfast as we wanted to eat out - Richaud's just round the corner out the rear entrance. It was delightful. Hotel bar prices were a bit eye watering but I suppose this is London... Would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 16 2009 	Grand Setting; but...	I selected to stay at this hotel based upon the input I read on Trip Advisor and its Mayfair location, so I arrived with high expectations. I guess my three night experience was not close to being what other reviewers had at this hotel.In my newly renovated room I found the deadbolt to the door would not work. This was fixed the next morning. There were no trouser hangers in the closet. There were two buttons to control the heat in the room...no thermostat. The new bathroom was a big disappointment in that it was very small and the lighting was extremely poor at the vanity and there was no shelf in the shower (no bathtub) to place a bar of soap or bottle of shampoo. This is the first hotel where soap on a rope makes perfect sense.The hotel staff offered to change my room, but after an international flight all I wanted was to sleep and I thanked them for the offer but declined.Regardless of what room one would have stayed in, the daily internet fee of twenty pounds was obscene in my opinion. The rates for telephone calls were even more upsetting when I was charged over twenty pounds to reconfirm my flight when calling Virgin Atlantic airways!At checkout I protested the unreasonable telephone charges and one young lady identifying herself as an assistant came across to me as being rude when I demanded to speak with senior management. I was finally seen by a front office manager who appeared to have been trained in how to deal with difficult guest relation issues.The young manager explained the charges were based upon guidelines set by their parent company and the phone numbers assigned were not set by the hotel. I would agree this hotel did not establish the telephone number for Virgin Atlantic; but, to charge over twenty pounds for what I thought was a nine minute local call was simply outrageous. Not to mention three numbers I had been given by the hotel to call to reconfirm my flight failed to work and they appeared on my hotel bill, as well.I hate to sound petty; but, while this hotel has a great location – but my encounter was not anywhere close to the five star rating I thought I would experience. If money is no object, you have nothing to fear staying at this hotel; but, the quality of the product and level of service was not indicative of any five star hotel I have ever stayed at before.	
Jan 15 2009 	Great Hotel	We booked this hotel using lastminute.com, it was one of the secret hotels, hence getting the room for £100 for the night. There was a problem on check in but was quickly sorted and were given £40 worth of vouchers to use in the bar, which buys you 4 champagne cocktails. The hotel is very nice and well located. The rooms are great with decent sized rooms. I would definatly stay here again if i got it for the same sort of price.	
Jan 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	From check-in to check-out we could not fault this hotel.The staff were excellent. Friendly but professional. Nothing was too much trouble for them.The rooms were spotless with comfortable beds.The continental breakfast included was substantial but you could have the English breakfast for an extra £3-50.The location of the hotel was ideal for getting about central London.	
Jan 9 2009 	Loved the Millennium	Hotel is lovely, concierge are brilliant got us reservations for some lovely restaurants including Gordon Ramseys Maze restaurant (bar seats ). Staff are friendly and hotel is very clean. Had a room facing Grosvenor Square whish was lovely. Definitely will stay again !!Only thing I did'nt like was the restaurant that is in the hotel &quot;Vista&quot; found food to be absolutely tasteless. If booking this hotel DO NOT book meal in restaurant. Also get breakfast ordered to room as choice is a lot better than going down for breakfast.	
Jan 5 2009 	Location great breakfast great room not great	The location is conveniently placed, being five minutes from Bond street tube with absolutely loads of buses at the same place. This also means shopping is practically on your doorstep. This could be good or bad depending on your view of course. With that in mind it is surprisingly quiet in Grosvenor square itself, its totally detached from the hustle and bustle of oxford street. The peaceful park in the square is a breath of fresh air after negotiating the madding crowds just around the corner!With regards to the accommodation our room was distinctly shabby and had a very tired feel about it. Sheets never got changed over the whole week and the toilet seat was broken. Little details but at the price we paid I think these are totally unacceptable issues.Breakfast was to a very good standard and the service from the majority of the staff was excellent. There's always one eh!I would definitely recommend this hotel if expense is not an issue.Top tip - buy an oyster card (a travel pass for the tube and buses) from a main underground ticket office. Charge it up and the trips are a third of the cost!!! Plus you just swipe it at each barrier so no queuing at ticket booths or machines. You can even charge the card up at an electronic terminal, its all so easy its ridiculous. Enjoy!	
Jan 3 2009 	Good hotel. Excellent location	Rooms comfortable but beware of &quot;optional&quot; service charge being automatically added to your drinks in the hotel bar. If you are out sightseeing and want to come back late afternoon to freshen up do not be surprised to find that your room has not been cleaned even at 4.30 pm !Our second visit as we really enjoyed this hotel last year. However, found the reception staff cold and unhelpful.Will think carefully before going backPS If catching a taxi to Paddington for the Heathrow Express train, beware of drivers lying to you by saying the service is not running at that particular time.	
Dec 18 2008 	Great almost tranquil location in center. Tired rooms.	We stayed only for a night before flying on holiday from Heathrow. We had a standard room with a view on Grosvenor Sq. (had to ask at reception for the room with view) The hotel has a great location in center of mayfair. The location is made even better by the fact that MAZE GRILL by Gordon Ramsey is so so so close :) Having the chargrilled angus so close is always good :)The hotel rooms are very quite and dont suffer from any noise. You could sleep really well if you wanted :)The general areas are great and nicely decorated. There is a bar and italian restaurant (didnt try)Very overpriced room service. Breakfast is 21 pounds. better to walk to the bar. It is true you can find a good rate for this hotel around 100 pounds which makes it very good choice and i would go again because of how quite it was. However it does not feel 4 star once you open your room. You get all the &quot;ticks&quot; bathrobes, slippers, toileteries, tv, phone, interner etc. But the room is VERY TIRED. Bathroom is slightly yuck. curtain, not screen over bath. one sink only. The whole room has old furniture incl bed. which was comfortable though. It smelled like antique store that has not been aired a while. Most of staff are eastern europe. WOULD GO AGAIN, but not at FULL RATES.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great hotel	We stayed two nights in a classic double in December 2008. It was absolutely great. Immediately, I got the impression of a modern hotel in a classic building. The lobby was wonderful with tasteful christmas decorations.The room was spacious, bed large and comfortable, and the ensuite was beautiful with modern tiles and a good shower.The staff was nothing but helpful and friendly. The location was great for Oxford Street, Bond Street, Regent street, and the areas of Mayfair and Soho.The breakfast cost arond 20 pounds. We decided to skip it and had breakfast at nearby starbucks for under a fiver. There are plenty of restaurants close to the hotel.I absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 24 2008 	Great Hotel - Highly Recommended	I stayed here in November 2008 for work (I was on a training course nearby). Usually, being a working mother of three small children, I would never be able to afford the time or money to stay at a hotel like this, but despite being exhausted and slightly scruffy (compared with the other residents), the staff were without exception very friendly and helpful. Even when the company credit card bounced on pre-authorisation (wrong end date supplied!) they allowed me to check in anyway.The room was not huge, but there was enough room for two single beds and all of the usual furniture including a desk. The bathroom had a wonderful shower, and was generally very nicely decorated.I used room service for all of my meals, since I spent most of the evenings studying, and the food was absolutely wonderful. There is a restaurant downstairs, and food is available in the Pine Bar, but I found the room service to be prompt and very polite, friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast was included in my room rate, although I upgraded to full English each day (you can do this on a day to day basis as you prefer - the upgrade was only £3.50). Continental consisted of cereal, fruit juice, many different types of sweet pastries and bread/rolls, a selection of cold meats, houmous, taramasalata, olives, salad, yoghurts, fruit, and tea or coffee. The Full English added pancakes, scrambled eggs, beans, sausages, hash browns, bacon, mushrooms and tomatoes. As you can tell, I was as impressed with the breakfasts as I was with the evening meals:-) Either they've upped the standard in response to some of the previous posts, or perhaps the posters caught them on a bad day. £21.50 is quite a lot for breakfast but I'm guessing that breakfast is included in most deals anyway.My room rate was a special deal negotiated by our work, so I have no idea if it would be available elsewhere. It was £141 per night including unlimited internet access and continental breakfast. I think this is superb value for money. I noticed that the public rate was listed on the wall at something like £350 per room per night, but I think that rooms would rarely be booked at this rate. There were a couple of groups staying at the same time as me - one looked like business people and the other like tourists, so I suspect they would get a lot of business this way.I can just about see why this hotel is not a five star hotel. Little things which didn't bother me, were that there were no lights on the ceiling in my room - I had two floor lamps and a desk lamp, and one of the floor lamps didn't work, so the room was slightly dim in the evenings, although bright enough for me to study and use the computer. The TV reception wasn't crystal clear on Channel 5, although was perfectly watchable. However I was very happy to stay there and I would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone who wants to stay in that part of London for business or pleasure.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great Location !!	Talk about location! If you like to shop this lovely hotel is a few minutes walk to Bond Street and Oxford Street - you can walk (with luggage) from the tube that's how close. This hotel is situated in Grovsner Square which is a beautiful park and right next to the hotel is the USA Embassy. Since the tube is so close you have access to all the wonderful sites London has to offer. Make sure to take in a play while you are there - I saw Billy Elliot &amp; it was fantastic. The concierge are quite nice and helpful. The room was nothing special and I expected more for the price, but the room size for a Standard room in London was a decent size. The breakfast buffet was very good so try to get it included at a discounted price if you can. There are some nice restaurants by to eat (in all price ranges). If you have the time I would recommend taking the Big Bus Tour - it will let you see where all the major sites are and is helpful in planning out your sightseeing schedule on your vacation. If you are a Beatles fan the Bus Tour also (included in price) gives a walking tour that is fun and is another way to see the sights.	
Oct 24 2008 	OK nothing special	You can usually get a pretty good rate at this hotel. The location is really good, very close to Selfridges. My room was on the sixth floor overlooking Grosvenor Square, and did not suffer from internal or extermal noise. It was small and quite cramped, and the TV was old and the reception was poor. The room was quite tired - the window would not close properly and half of the secondary glazing was missing - this is not really acceptable for an upmarket hotel.The bed was enormous and very comfy. Typically for older hotels the retro-fitted air-conditioning was not up to the task, and the room (and in fact the whole hotel) was too hot, even in October.Continental breakfast at nearly £20 including &quot;optional&quot; service charge was not good value for tasteless oranges in watered down juice, coffee and a poor selection of rolls and pastries. My French toast on another day was lamentable soggy sliced white bread - yuck!. You can get breakfast at Gordon Ramsay's Maze bistro on the other side of the square for the same amount. I went round the corner to Richoux in North Audley Street (turn left out the front, and turn left again). Half the price of the Millennium for an excellent breakfast in beautiful olde worlde surroundings. You won't need to eat again till supper time if you dare to have the New Yorker! Highly recommended.	
Oct 5 2008 	A warm and friendly hotel	We took our 4 year old daughter to London for her birthday and stayed here for two nights - it was brilliant. The staff could not have been nicer, they always provided little activities at the breakfast table for our daughter, made sure we had fruit in our room for her and the doormen were outstanding, always chatty, asking us where we were going and how we had enjoyed ourselves and offering us plenty of tips on how to get the best out of our stay.The room was very spacious overlooking Grosvenor Square, and was to a very good standard.The breakfast was very good, we didn't eat ther in the evening but the menu sounded delicious.Anyway, we are returning there in a fortnight or so as for us it is the only place in London where we have received such a warm welcome - can't wait!!	
Sep 29 2008 	We'd Definitely Stay Here Again	We booked at the last minute through Expedia and got our room (#619) for avge. $300 night, including taxes. For that price, we were expecting something cramped and old fashioned. Instead, we got a spacious room, beautifully decorated, with a lovely view of Grosvenor Square.We paid the same price on this same trip for a tiny room at the less-than-4-star Cavendish Hotel in St. James. So why was the Millennium available at this rate? Maybe it's still suffering from its reputation as the Polonium 210 poisoning site of the Russian defector, Alexander Litvinenko. (We made a point of having tea in the Pine Bar, to relive the crime.) Or maybe some people don't like being across the square from the American Embassy. The Embassy has recently been &quot;hardened&quot; for greater security, but it remains a major target of anti-American sentiment. Our one complaint is internet use. It costs $40 per day for 24/7 internet access. The alternative is to purchase a 5-pound card from the front desk, which allows 4 hours of access. Not only expensive, this system is definitely low tech.Bottom line: We felt like we were staying at a lovely &quot;expense account&quot; hotel while getting a (for London) bargain rate.	
Sep 29 2008 	Good value and location if you can get the special deal	I stayed here last week for an overnight business trip, booked on laterooms.com - as they were doing a deal for £99 for a double rather than their standard rate of £250 per night. £250 would not have been worth the money, but £99 definitely was - the hotel is in a really convenient and pretty safe location - just round the corner from Claridge's (!) and a 5-10 minute walk to Bond Street Tube station - and the room itself was a really good size (King-size bed included, bathroom with a reall good and pwerful shower). The only slight negatives were:1. Some of the furnishings were a bit worn - a bit of rust round the shower and some of the wood furniture was a bit scratched and dated-looking.2. No biscuits with the coffee set in the room! A very minor point, I realise, but if I'd been paying £250 a night I'd have felt very disappointed, and I think it's the little touches like that which really set apart the 3 from the 4 star places (this is supposedly a 4-star hotel and you'd have thought they could afford a few complimentary Bourbons at least!)3. The lady on the checkout desk the next morning I felt was quite rude and snappy in her manner. But for £99 bang in the centre of London this was a great deal, and I'd certainly stay there again for the same price.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great location - terrible room	We stayed over a weekend in September at the Millennium Mayfair hotel. It was our second stay and since we were very satisfied during our last stay we decided to come back.Location:We love the location. Grosvenor square is a comparable quite area, a big park is right next to the hotel. From Bond Street Station (Central Line) or Green Park (Picadilly Line from Heathrow) its a nice 10 minutes walk to the hotel. Oxford street and Regent street are also 10 minutes away. It's a elegant, expensive neighbourhood. Pubs and restaurants are 10-15 minutes away. A post office is very closeby.Room:At arrival we were pleasantly surprised, that we got an upgrade to a bigger Studio room, number 136 on first floor.Unfortunately this room was a real disaster. It was in a wing of the hotel, where heavy renovations were ongoing all day. Noise and dust everywhere.Next to that, the room was right above the ballroom, where a wedding party was ongoing saturday night until early morning. Tried to change rooms, but they told they are &quot;overbooked&quot;!!Its a shame, that a hotel like this assigns such a room to guests.I wrote a complain to the hotel but never received an answer.Generally rooms are nice but bit outdated.Most probably we will not stay agasin at the Millennium Mayfair because of this room experience. There are locations in London where you can have bad nights for less money !	
Sep 15 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	We came to London for a weekend break and stayed for just one night. The room rate (£98) was excellent for such an elegant hotel in a great location. We were allowed to check in early and were also upgraded to a Deluxe room (perhaps my broken leg had something to do with that). We had a room looking over Grosvenor Square which was very comfortable. We chose not to eat at the hotel because it was a bit pricey and there are plenty of restaurants/cafes nearby.	
Sep 13 2008	would never stay again	rude staff; water bottle in room had been opened, bedding had STRONG perfume order that caused allergic reaction, $40/day internet fees, did not feel welcome; service poor	
Sep 13 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Location - Good Value for London	Stayed here for a evening out in London, this hotel is convenient and only 5 mins walk from a Bond St tube. We went out for a meal and managed to get back to the hotel without any rush or problems before the 'London Transport Shut Down'. Considering this hotel is in the centre of London the rooms are reasonably priced.The rooms are small but clean and well appointed, the bed is a little hard for my liking but the shower was amazing! Staff are friendly, lovely piano bar for relaxing in the evening. I would stay again if visiting London for a night out.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great location - good 4star but not a 5	A good solid 4 star hotel in a great location. It doesn't relly deserve 5 stars as there are some minor cosmetic issues in the rooms such as chipped furniture and tiles in the bathroom not being flush to the wall. Was also a tad disappointed with breakfast and just glad I hadn't paid the £22 plus 12.5% service charge for it. The mushrooms were cold and the bacon was not the very best cut and at the above price it should be. Have to rate it as a 4 out of 5 overall as a three would not do it justice overall.	
Sep 9 2008 	waste of money	1. night had to change room (which was on the 2nd floor) because there was a terrible noise from a nightclub etc., totally impossible to sleep! Breakfast quite poor. Had to &quot;refigurate&quot; the room keys 4 times during one weeks stay, as they allways stopped working for some reason (nobody cared why)...Cleaner came into room allthough we had hanged the &quot;please don't disturbe&quot;-sign...2 calls from the laundry claiming that we had called them, and of course we hadn't...Obsene prices of drinks in the Pine bar (cheapest 9,5 pounds).Room wearn down, paint work had been done poorly. Shower really old and not always hot water provided. Have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels in Europe; this was totally the worst. Would rate it as 3 star.	
Sep 6 2008 	bad experince	I stayed at the millennium at the end of august 2008 the hotel itself is in a fantastic location and i had a good deal through last minute .com but when we arrived they put me in a room that looked over the hotel heating pipes which i asked to be changed . the lady on the front desk started a bargain with me ; better room if i am to pay extra 40£ per night. when refused to pay any extra money she moved me into the 7th floor where there was no heating at all! the rooms were freezing .at this point i had to put my foot down and ask for a decent room or to meet the manager. eventually they moved me into one . the food in the hotel is terrible and over priced.i surely would not recommend eating there. Its a shame that such a nice hotel has this bad service and i would not recommend staying in it despite its lovely location.	
Sep 3 2008	Great London hotel with some of the best service you'll receive in the UK	While the rooms in this hotel rival other high-quality 4-star hotels in London, the staff here make this hotel my favourite London business hotel. They are unbelievably cheery and remember me even though I'm only there once a month! The rooms are extremely clean, the lobby is lovely, the corridors are clean and impressive. Added bonuses like nice toiletries and international plugs in the hotel rooms make this a pleasant hotel experience. I won't stay anywhere else in London.It's not overly convenient for tube stops, as the closest is a good 10-minute walk away. But there's always plenty of taxis - just make sure you have cash as taxis accepting credit cards can take longer, esp in the morning peak hour.	
Aug 30 2008 	Avoid staying at this hotel	The hotel is overprized. Rooms are unfortable and terribly small. The hotel is not updated. It is not really a 5 stars hotel. Staff were unflexible. In case something goes wrong, do not expect much from them.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great for a short break would stay again at £99	Great for a short break, would definately stay again. 5 mins walk from Bond St tube/Oxford St shopping. Very helpful and friendly staff, especially the concierge even though he was obviously busy with a queue of people to look after. They had run out of standard rooms so we were bumped up to Superior, I don't think there's much difference other than being a little bigger. TV and tea/coffee facilities were fine. Able to leave luggage in seperate secure room all day after check out for FREE which was very useful! Many reviews say the rooms are small but they were fine for us (a couple) and as you would expect for a central London hotel and very tidy and clean. There was no real view from our room, but for £99 I wasn't complaining and didn't expect one. Its cheap, cheerful and actually quite smart. We didn't use the restaurant or bar, the bar prices were high compared to the pubs 1 minute walk away (but probably in line with other hotels in the area). Room was tidy, bed was comfortable and furniture/decoration was as good as I have seen in hotels double the price. Would definately recommend and stay again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location	I stayed at this hotel for a single night on business.Very impressed with reception and the service received here. The bar was excellent and would recommend the afternoon tea for a spot of luxury!The bedroom was a bit of a let down though; small and quite average, I'd have been disappointed if I'd payed rather than my company.Overall good, and what a great location!	
Aug 25 2008 	Very disappointed	**Would not recommend you pay for *guaranteed views* (See Below)**If you can, wait until the day before arrival to book, on this occasion if I had done this I would have saved myself nearly £200.and as the hotel is vast it would appears that they are rarely fully booked.Overall impression of the hotel was impressive, smooth check in, friendly staff with the lobby being very grand. Booked the room via late rooms paying an extra £20 for a guaranteed nice view. The room actually overlooked the grim part to the rear of the hotel including three walls of concrete with boiler room and pipes. On contacting reception stating I had paid extra for a view, was told that this payment did not guarantee a spectacular view but it was taken into consideration that you had requested it.	
Aug 6 2008 	Central location nice (refurbished) room	This hotel is about 5 minutes walk to Oxford Street, on a quiet square surrounded by embassies so you don't get as much noise as if you stay right on Oxford Street. I had a refurbished room and it was quite large for a single traveller with an enormous king bed, desk, chest of drawers, etc. The bathroom was very modern and clean. The only thing that was a small point but really quite annoying was the lighting in the room. The only lights were in the ceiling by the door and a standard lamp in the far corner of the room, so at night there wasn't enough light by the bed to read. Apart from this, I couldn't find fault so I would consider it again in the future (provided I could get a recently refurbished room and a good rate again - I paid £99 with laterooms)	
Jul 23 2008 	Not up to the mark	We found the rooms extremely dull and small, and were definitely not worth the price. The hotel lobby itself is depressing though the staff is courteous and location is excellent as Bond Street, Oxford Street and great restuarants are all walking distance. Would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Not 5 star quality	This hotel was very clean and the staff was very polite and helpful. However, we found the rooms to be a bit disappointing, considering the high cost and star rating. There is no vanity in the bathroom (just a very small area around the sink). Also, there is no electrical outlet for your hair dryer, curling iron, etc.I had to dry my hair sitting on the bed. The hair dryer they provide (which didn't work), is not attached in the bathroom.There is NO clock in the room either. Since my watch doesn't have a light on it, I had to get up to check the time.By American standards, this hotel would be a three star. It is in Grosvenor's Square which is a little off the beaten path, but in a good location for the underground, parks, etc. It was nice to stay someplace away from the crowds and congestion in the center of London.	
Jul 15 2008 	APPALLING AND OVERPRICED	We were looking forward to our stay in such a centrally located hotel however we were left very disappointed and wished we had stayed at a less expensive hotel as the service received didn't warrant a 4* rating.We were left waiting over 40 minutes for our room as we had specifically requested a twin room, and when it was ready, were offered no assistance with our baggage (I am currently 7 months pregnant!)When we got to the room the key didn't work, they expected me to return to reception to collect a new key until I insisted they brought it up to me.When we walked into the room, it was not a twin room, and housekeeping had not yet checked the room. Reception then called back to tell us we were in the wrong room and could we move ourselves!! Halfway through the conversation, he asked if he could put me on hold to deal with another guest, in spite of the fact that I was making it perfectly clear that I was not at all happy with the service so far!!!ABSOLUTELY PATHETIC!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Great location	Having stayed here a few times now, I love the location but the rooms are sometimes in a bit of a need for renovation. It's an old building, so I take that into account, but the room decor is a bit bland, tired looking, and the bathrooms are average. We were able to upgrade to a suite on one stay, that had a separate work are with a large desk, closets, sitting area, and a much nicer bathroom. The service here is always good but not overbearing, which I like, and the view from the rooms I have stayed overlooking the square is lovely. It might just be a little too old world for me, but I am sure that some people would find that charming. The main issue I had were on the last stay our AC did not work at all, and the room would get very hot at night, making it difficult to sleep. Also, our room had a strong, musty smell coming from the bed area, that I associated with the linen because it wasn't there the first night. After the second night when our room had been made up, the smell was still there and did not go away, but I did not complain because we could not pin point where it was actually coming from. This only happened on our last stay, so I can't say it's a major issue at the hotel, but it would make me think twice about staying here again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Excellent location	I stayed at the Millennium Mayfair for one night in May and found it thoroughly enjoyable. The standard room was nice and clean, service impeccable, and the location excellent. There seem to be road and construction works in the area which may become a problem (the taxi had to cruise around a bit to find the hotel amongst the diversions). For one or even a couple of nights, the Millennium is definitely somewhere I would go again.	
Jun 1 2008 	Fantastic Service!	We have just returned from staying at the Millennium Hotel and after reading a few of the reviews on here we were a bit skeptical. I have to say that everything about our stay was 100% perfect! We had a FREE upgrade to a junior suite that included entrance in to the millennium club lounge on the 7th floor!Staff were very professional and friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The room was very spacious and immaculate with beautiful views over the square.I am a Coeliac and usually eating out is a bit of a nightmare (as fellow suffers will understand!). We had breakfast this morning in the Club Lounge and there was a variety for me to chose from.... Rice Crispies, fresh juices, yoghurts, fresh ham and cheese, boiled eggs, fruit etcThis hotel is situated in the street behind Oxford Street, so I was in a shoppers paradise!!! After a hard day trudging around ALL the shops (hard work but someones got to do it) it was great to sink into the huge, soft, spotlessly clean bed and rest my weary feet and arms. I have never written a review before but felt I had to write this one in light of reading the previous reviews before we went here. I think that even if we had come across any problems the staff of the Millennium Hotel were so helpful they would have immediately rectified the problem. We will definitely be returning and bringing our daughter for a few days shopping and sight seeing.	
Jun 1 2008 	Fab Location	Stayed here over bank holiday weekend. Great location, within a few minutes walk to Oxford St, Bond St tube, Bond St, Park Lane and Hyde Park. Just round the corner from Claridges and The Connought. Rooms were a good size and very clean. Didn't use the hotels facilities so can't comment on those. Didn't have breakfast as part of our deal , however we found some fab little cafes on the other side of the Square, where the food was delicious. We enjoyed our stay here and would stay again mainly because of the location.	
May 21 2008	Great hotel great location!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in May and were pleasantly surprised by the room and the hotel. Very nice room and spacious. I was expecting something on the small size but there was enough room for us to lay out 4 suitcases and still have room to walk around the room. This hotel was great because it's in the middle of everything. We walked everywhere from here. A short walk to Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, Buckingham Palace and the theatre district. Good sized bathroom with a full tub.We had a room looking over the square which was nice with a king bed. The staff was very helpful and rooms were clean. Great option for a 4 star hotel for the price.	
May 19 2008 	Definately not 4 stars Deluxe	Recently spent 3 nights at Millennium MayfairLocation is perfect, 5 min walk from Oxford street, 5 min walk from tube station to the City and banks. Was told it is a 4 stars deluxe, now what is the difference between 4 stars and 4 stars Deluxe???? God knows...in my opinion they dont even deserve 4 stars.The room was extremely tired, with decoration from 1970's ! Wall paper tired, carpet worn out (I requested sleepers, I did not wanted to put my feet on it!), the furniture all scratch. Old tv....I paid £270, for that price I am expecting a high standard. I am ready to pay high rate as long the service follows. But Millennium Mayfair completely fell on all aspect. Not only air conditioning is very poor, but I could hear my neighbours TV ! One night was way too much, we could hear the music from their ballroom until 1am !Toileteries are very basic, not to say cheap, even Hilton and Marriott have better ones! Staff are polite, but would not go to extra mile, neither I been escorted to my room. Check in and check out, very quick, no customer care.Ok, the room was spacious, but please invest a bit of money and change that horrible carpet and wall paper. A shame I did not get my digital camera with me, it is well worn out.Room service was fast, the food was excellent. Breakfast was ok, you pay high price but once again you get cheap quality stuff (no back bacon !!)The maid, did speak little english, however she want to get an other member of staff to help her out. Did not dine in the restaurant , but apparently the chef is famous. The menu sounds appetising.If you wish to stay there, make sure it's bargain price. Do not pay high rates, you can definately find something much better in the area.	
May 14 2008 	Still Waiting on My AIrline Points Credit	I arrived early at the hotel, and the first room I was offered was not up to the standards that I expected from this property. The second room was much better. The location was spectacular, overlooking beautiful Grosvenor Square. One thing that irked me, though, was that to this day my American Airlines points have not been credited for the stay, and that is very disappointing, even though I made one follow-up phone call about a month after my stay.	
May 14 2008 	Excellent Location ouch on Internet	We have tried various hotels in London, and the Mayfair Location attracted us to the Millennium. Once we got in we upgraded to a slightly larger room, and even though the tv was at an awkward angle for watching from the bed the room size was more than adequate (especially for London!) My one complaint was the extortionate cost of internet hookup (20 pounds) for 24 hours. As it was Heathrow Terminal Five debut days we had to keep informed.	
May 8 2008 	Excellent stay	The Millenium Mayfair was an excellent hotel, I would highly recommend staying there. The service and staff were exceptional, especially the wonderful concierge(s). The concierge at this hotel are exactly what you would expect of a concierge - helpful and incredibly knowledgeable of touristy sights and great places to eat!The room was small and tidy, the bathroom was very clean, the room service was pricey but tasty and I would definitely stay there again. I read many many tripadvisor reviews before going to London, and found positive and negative comments on ALL hotels. It's impossible to find the perfect hotel (in my opinion), however, the Millenium was the best hotel I've stayed in London so far. We got a very decent price ($350cdn/night incl. breakfast) and it is so very close to all the best of London. Walking distance to all the major sights, great pubs and very close to the tube.	
May 5 2008 	Overnight in London	Having retired after 39 years of working, I felt I would love to have an overnight in London to end my retirement week. We were unable to get the hotel of our first choice as it was fully booked (We decided quite late to do this and wanted a no expense spared weekend. It was a late booking and May bank holiday weekend) We reserved the booking through late rooms. com.When we got to the hotel, we were disappointed with the welcome at the reception desk. It was brisk and not very welcoming. We were given no additional information of any sort just our key cards and that was it. It was very noisy in the hotel lobby and my husband, who is hearing impaired found it quite difficult to hear what was being said. When he asked for what was said to be repeated, it was said again but with a bored indifference.We found our room which was very large and with a lovely view over Grosvenor Square. It was however decidedly 'tired' and outdated' in its design. The room was spotlessly clean. The bathroom was on the surface clean but was spoilt by a few minor things. eg where the shower screen sat on the bath it was grubby. There were no longer tissues in the metal tissue box but it was still on the wall. (There was a paper box instead. No problem with that but please remove the metal box.) The marble sink surround had obviously been broken and very badly mended - it looked as if it could harbour germs. The floor was very chipped and it looked as though there were dirty marks on it in the form of splashes. These didn't come out but left a slightly unclean feeling. The water was lovely and hot.We ate out and thought we would have a drink in the bar with the pianist. We didn't stay (the bar was empty) but the pianist was so loud we couldn't hear ourselves speak.We had delightful cocktails in the other bar where the staff were very pleasant.We declined breakfast as it seemed exorbitant for what it was especially with the 12.5% added on. Instead we had a delightful breakfast in the members room at Tate Britain. Check out was simple but again lacking in warmth. Not an experience we would rush to do again.	
Apr 20 2008 	Go Club Class	Booked a room for three as my daughter was staying with us. We booked a suite and at check in were told that because we had booked a suite we were getting a complementary up grade and use of the club lounge. This gave us an exclusive lounge, free breakfast, free coffee/tea scones pastries all day and free drink and Canapes from 6-9pm every night. This was worth easily £150 and was very welcome. The bedroom is large and no money is spared on it. The Bed is Massive and the bathroom really good. Views of Grosvenor square from your window make you feel very exclusive. The restaurant and Japanese restaurant are amazing. The downstairs cocktail bar and piano bar are well worth a visit.	
Apr 19 2008 	A good stay	Booked through laterooms and got a great rate of 116 stg. Stayed for one night Feb 12, and was given a very big room by London standards. Tea and coffee making facilities/bathrobes/slippers. The bathroom was very clean with towel warmers, and the bed was very comfortable. The furnishing of the room were a little dated, but not shabby. Although the location of the hotel is very nice, I usually prefer something much nearer to a tube station, as one gets back really tired after a long day walking in London, and the last thing you want to do is to trek back to the hotel from the tube station. Having said that, it is only about a 8 minute walk from Bond street. Did not try the restaurant, but it looked very nice.Basically.. no complaints. The hotel was very good. They even responded to a request for an early check in (10:00 am) and a late check out (1:00 pm).	
Apr 9 2008 	Great loved it!	we booked this mini break last minute as we got a good deal with flights and the hotel worked out at about 150 euros per person per nightThe hotel is in the best location, five minutes stroll to Oxford St and Bond St but situated in a leafy square with a park, the american embassy is beside the hotel and there are several offices and lovely homes.The hotel was lovely, upon arrival we were upgraded to club which means you can access the club lounge with free sofas and tv, cocktails and canapes at 7 and newspapers.Our rooom on the club floor was very big, nice bathroom and great bed. we had a mini sitting room with flat screen tv and pay to view movies we paid for breakfast which was served in a nice airy bright dining room and Turner's restaurant is in the hotel fab foodthe staff are so polite, on one occasion the porter accompanied me to Selfridges with an umbrella since it was raining, and it was an excellent experience I will use this hotel again when in london	
Apr 2 2008 	Good location in central London	Had a generally good stay at the Millenium in january this year. Fantastic location and good entertainment in the bar. Rooms were comfortable but the soundproofing was awful. We were back in our room at around 24.00 but were awakened at around 04.00 by at least 4 people having a party in the next room. My wife didn't think it was a good idea to go and tell them to shut up in case things got out of hand so I contacted reception to sort it out, they didn't, so after another hour we contacted them again - they sent somebody to have a word but the problem didn't stop until around 06.00 by which time we were more than slightly p'eed off. the hotel should have dealt with the problem as soon as it became a problem - especially as the room rate is quite high. Apart from that issue we enjoyed our stay at the Millenium Mayfair	
Mar 31 2008 	Fantastic	After looking at a lot of London hotels my best friend and I decided this had the best location for a girlie weekend. On arrival the staff were pleasant and efficient and we were checked in within 5min. On returning to the hotel late that night we found the restaurant closed but were told we could get light snacks in the bar which only closes at 2am. The food at the bar was limited but good quality and considering it was now 11.40pm we were surprised by this. Even though the bar closes at 2am we stayed there till 2.45am with no problem (last orders at 2am). Check out was just as simple as check in. Parking was OK and free as it was Easter weekend and the hotel was easy to find. This hotel is absolutely fabulous, and on our journey home my friend and I were planning our next visit. I would advise any one who wants a good weekend in London with a partner, family or just friends to try this hotel. You will not be disappointed.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great location	This hotel was a good value for Mayfair. It is centrally located and the service was good. We will be in London again at the end of the year and will probably book another stay at the Millennium London Mayfair.	
Mar 23 2008	Great stay at Millenium Mayfair...	Excellent location, great deal through lastminute.com and we got a complimentary upgrade to a studio room overlooking Grosvenor Square - couldn't ask for more!	
Mar 21 2008 	excellent hotel	We stayed here for two nights booked through superbreak. I had emailed the hotel prior to our arival to inform them we were celebrating my husbands' birthday and we were treated to a lovely complimentary bottle of wine when we arrived in the room. Check in was smooth and we were offered an upgrade at a very reasonable price for our stay to a deluxe room overlooking the square, which we accepted. Our room was not ready when we arrived mid afternoon but the receptionist gave us two vouchers for complimentary champagne in the bar while we waited. The room was very spacious and well apointed, the bathroom was small compared to the room but was adequate for our needs. The bed was extremely comfortable as well. We had continental breakfast included in our rate but were able to enjoy a full english for an extra £3.50 which was good value. Service in the restaurant and in the bar was excellent. We couldnt fault it - in fact, all staff members were very polite and friendly. We had never stayed here before, we usually stay in mayfair though, and will definitely be returning. This hotel is a gem in a great location, and goodness knows why it is so low down in the trip advisor ratings, in our opinion it should be in the top 10, compared to some of the hotels that are up there? We would totally recommend this hotel for a great stay in London!	
Mar 11 2008 	Great Base for City Break	There are cheaper options available for London breaks but The Millennium has a great location and you don't have to spend a fortune. The streets surrounding the hotel are full of pubs, restaurants and cafes for breakfast, etc. Five minutes walk from Oxford Street and Bond Street tube station. Hotel staff very friendly and attentive though we didn't need to speak to them much as all ran very smoothly. Check-in is relatively late but they will keep you bags while you hit the town so don't waste a minute. Same applies on check-out.	
Mar 10 2008 	i could not fault the mayfair	I had booked a single room and when i saw my room i had been given a king size bed with views over the square and on arrival i was offered a full english breakfast for £12.50 in stead of £22.00 which is the normal price for London and was very happy to take the offer up.The room and the breakfast were fantastic but i thought the bar prices vere very high price,but may be im in the old wold.All together a very good hotel,and would stay again	
Feb 28 2008 	Can't beat this location for the shops	In a city where reasonably priced hotels in good locations are rare, the Millennium Mayfair is fantastic! Close to shops in Oxford St., Marylebone, Bond St. and Green Park, all you need are your own two feet to take you anywhere between 5 and ten minutes. The hotel itself is not bad, as hotels globally go, but as a London hotel - it is certainly above average. Our king room has a HUGE bed in which my husband, my 4 year old son and I slept easily (would have liked an extra blanket though). The room was an average size and the cleanliness level was about 5.5 on a scale of 10 (we noticed a champagne cork in the corner on our first day there). The bathroom has a lovely warm towel rack, though I could not find a hair dryer. If you're willing to pass off some of this stuff, this hotel is good for its value - you will save a lot in commuting expense and time. It isn't luxurious, but then, it isn't tragic like other London hotels which call themselves luxurious but are far below standard.	
Feb 21 2008 	Brilliant Hotel!	My Girlfriend and I stayed at The Millenium Hotel on Valentines weekend 2008, and we had a wonderful romantic trip. The Hotel itself is less than 5 mins simple work from Bond Street Tube station, and an easy, quick walk to Oxford Street, Regent Street and lots of other surrounding attractions.On arrival the standard double room we'd booked was not ready, so we were upgraded free of charge to a deluxe suite overlooking Grovesner Square. The room itself was huge, clean, stylish and comfortable (especially the bed! Best nights sleep in ages!)In the morning despite having only paid for the Continental Breakfast, a full english breakfast was thrown in for free, the food was great! As was the service in the Brian Turner restaurant.The staff were all polite and helpful, and added to the hotel's reputation. We enjoyed our stay immensley and will definately be returning on our next London trip!	
Feb 19 2008 	A very nice hotel at a superb location	We stayed at the hotel during Christmas.The standard room we had booked was very small as for many UK hotels. We were offered an upgrade for a fair price and accepted. Got a mini suite facing the square.The location is superb with just a few minutes walk to Oxford Street and Selfridges.The hotel is very good and we would definitely consider it the next time we are in London.	
Feb 12 2008 	Perfect birthday	We stayed last weekend for my birthday and in my opinion the Millennium Mayfair just gets better, so much so that I would be reluctant to stay elsewhere in London. Apart from the convenience of being able to walk everywhere (which I seldom do at home). The friendliness and efficiency of staff, especially Reservations is second to none and a big plus they all know how to smile which seems to be a trait sadly lacking in London. Spotlessly clean rooms with super comfy beds - what more could you ask for?Kerry	
Feb 6 2008 	Great!	Clean, good location, typically small English rooms. Good amenities, safe neighbourhood, accessible to various London attractions. Worth a re-stay (expensive as it is).	
Feb 4 2008 	Just what the doctor ordered	My husband and I have just come back from a weekend stay in the Millennium Mayfair Hotel and it was just fantastic. The location of the hotel was just perfect, as the hotel sits on one side of the majestic Governors Square and is only a few minutes walk from Oxford St and Bond. St tube station. The hotel staff were very friendly and willing to help in anyway and it was very refreshing to be treated as a valued guest and not just a number. Our room (on the 6th floor) was clean and cosy and perfect for a few days away from home. The bed was very comfortable and more then big enough to accommodate my hubby, who is close to 6ft, with plenty of room left for me. Our bathroom was small but everything was clean and in good working order.I would highly recommend a stay in this hotel as it represented to us real value for money : We got a quality room and an amazing location.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is superbly located in Grosvenor Square, near to the American Embassy and a short walk away from Oxford Street. I requested a quiet room and an early check-in, both of which were accommodated. The room we stayed in was clean if a little shabby round the edges (carpet was slightly threadbare in places and the arm rests on the chairs were quite worn). None of this mattered however as we spent little time in the room anyway and when we did it was quiet. I would recommend this hotel highly, especially if you book at the last minute and get a good deal on the price like I did.	
Jan 28 2008 	A terrific experience	With a particularly vile milestone birthday approaching I wanted to be in London and stay somewhere that would ease the shock!!! As the Savoy was closed for renovations I booked to stay the three nights of the 6th to the 8th of January at the Millenium Mayfair via London.com after checking the Tripadvisor website. Its rating increased steadily over last year due I believe to Damien Wood's active interest, responses and action to both good and disappointing reviews. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. The location is better than the Savoy's. We were kindly given an upgraded room that was very spacious and nicely decorated. The beds were really comfortable, the bathroom was lovely and the tea/coffee making facilites were greatly appreciated. However it was the staff who really made the stay really fantastic. From those on the reception desk, the concierge desk, the breakfast room, doormen and the miracle workers who changed the chaos of our room in the morning to a sanctuary at the end of busy days they were amazing. Not only were they cheerful and friendly to the guests they were friendly and respectful towards each other. It is sad to think it will be a couple of years before I return to this hotel but return I most certainly will. I would like to sincerely thank Damien and all the staff at the Millenium Mayfair for making our stay a complete pleasure from beginning to end.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great hotel	We had a great time at the millenium. The room was great, the serivice was excellent. The bath a litle small, but not bad. We enjoyed our stay.	
Jan 15 2008 	fantastic!!!!!	Just returned from a two nights stay at the Millenium it was faultless. The location is excellent it is in a very quiet area but only about ten minutes walk from oxford street and the nearest tube Bond street. The room was a standard but was very comfortable with lovely comfy beds and pillows. The bathroom was small and compact but again excellent. The staff were very friendly and check in was excellent. The breakfast was buffet and continental excellent choice of foods although my partner upgraded for £3.50 for a english breakfast again excellent I can't praise this hotel enough to sum it up luxury hotel fantastic locaton brilliant facilities and staff Thank you we will definateley be returning .	
Jan 13 2008 	Very Comfortable Stay	Stayed at Millenium Mayfair for six nights (Jan 4 to Jan11). The hotel was very centrally located and within a very short walking distance from Oxford Steet and Bond Street Tube Station.The hotel itself was a very refreshing place to return to after a whole day of meetings. There was no phone on the bedside table. The hotel offerred to upgrade to a higher level of room. However as I was already settled into my room, I declined the offer to move. However, it was a very welcoming gesture on the hotel's part.Given a choice, I would definitely stay at this location again.	
Jan 10 2008 	great location	The staff at check-in were very welcoming. However, they did give me the wrong room number, so of course, my key did not work and I had to go back to reception to sort out the problem.The Pine Bar was an excellent venue for a pre-dinner drink and the staff were very efficient.My suite on the 7th floor was lovely. The bed was very comfortable, although I would have liked a firmer pillow. I was a little disappointed to see the dreaded combined shampoo/ conditioner in the room. The only downside of the room was that it was difficult to regulate the suite temperature and I found it too warm to sleep. I ended up opening the windows (in January) to cool things down a little.Ate at the Brian Turner restaurant. Very poor value for money. The food was very tasty but ridiculously expensive for what it was. My starter, which consisted of 5 asparagus tips was £15! Unless you are on an expense account, I would not recommend the restaurant.The location of the hotel was excellent and only a quick 5-minute walk to Bond Street tube station.	
Jan 7 2008 	Staff were so helpful	The staff at this hotel could not have done more to help us during our stay. We had asked for adjacent rooms and the day before i rang to ask for an early check in. We checked in at 9:30 am ! The staff were very welcoming and we were also granted a late checkout with a cheery &quot;no problem&quot;. The beds were comfy and although there were signs of wear and tear in the bedrooms they were spotlessly clean.Breakfast ( we had continental only) was excellent and there was a high ratio of staff to guests which is a rarity in many hotels during the Sunday breakfast service.The location was great and the Pine Bar was welcoming with an excellent pianist and good cocktails. Hope we won't glow in the dark after the polonium incident!!Brian Turner even opened the hotel door for us and had a chat on Saturday evening.Top notch! The staff are a real credit to the hotel and its management. They seemed genuinely happy to help us.	
Jan 4 2008 	Not the best!	The location of this hotel is wondeful - 2 minutes walk from Oxford Street / Selfridges and 10 minutes walk from Piccadilly. However, there are many potential areas for improvement with the hotel itself. We booked the Festive Fizz rate directly with the hotel's web site, which was acceptable. The check in was quite unprofessional - the female checking us in forgot to give us the room keys until prompted and informed us that breakfast was served from 0700 until 1100. When we went to breakfast on one morning at 1030 we were refused - breakfast is from 0700 - 1030!!! In general breakfast was ok - nice fresh fruit but horrible bacon and scrambled eggs.The room: very small overlooking a service road to the rear of the hotel. Toilet cracked (room 628) carpet and wallcoverings worn. Room facilities otherwise good. Housekeeping excellent.Would I stay here again? Probably not. The Cavendish on Jermyn street far exceeds this hotel in all areas so would go back there if staying in London.	
Dec 16 2007 	Loved the Millenium	Just got back from a weekend at the Millenium and loved every minute from check in which was quick and very efficient until checkout. Even got a room upgrade despite getting it on the cheap from laterooms.The room was huge and a lot bigger than junior suites I have had in other establishments. King size bed with good quality fixtures and fittings and all the usual trimmings. Bathroom also huge with the only downside being that the shower cubicle could have been bigger.Pine bar downstairs was very cosy despite the size of the hotel and although we ate out, another guest said that the restaurant was also excellent. Found all the staff extremely courteous and helpfull including doorman and concierge. Housekeeping also spot on with rooms and communal areas and passageways spotless.I have stayed at two of Granges 5* hotels in London and the Westbury round the corner, and with a 4* rating the Millenium Mayfair beats the lot. Cant wait to go back.If you have to bring the car then beware that the NCP downstairs charges £42 per day.	
Nov 29 2007 	Good hotel great service	My husband and I have checked in early on Nov 27, because we booked the room for Nov 26, our room was ready when we checked in. Our flight was delayed for 3 hours, so we're exhausted and hungry when we arrived. We went straight to the club lounge, and missed the breakfast by 5 minutes. Ali was working that morning and she went to the kitchen and brought us bread, sausages and bacon. She was very friendly and helpful. Her service was extremely appreciated. Actually everyone working in the club lounge is very friendly and helpful.There are some problems that mentioned in the previous reviews, like the mattress is too soft here, the ceiling is too low on the 7th floor, my husband has hit his head twice already. Also, the heating system doesn't work at night when we needed it the most.  We have another 8 days to go, so we may trade our room into a smaller two twin beds room which seems to have better mattress. What a shame! We are regular customers of Marriott, for the price we are paying, I think this hotel has bettter value and better food at the club lounge except for breakfast which has the same food everyday.	
Nov 25 2007 	Fantastic Birthday suprise	I booked to stay at The Millennium Mayfair as a suprise for my husband's 50th birthday. I had booked a King Club room which looked very large and luxurious..On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the concierge who took our bags and welcomed us with a great smile showing us through to checkin. The reception staff were a credit to the hotel, during our checkin the receptionist noticed I had booked our stay as it was my husbands birthday, she went away and said we have upgraded your room I am sure you will like it !!!We were allocated room 611 The Culross......WOW This was a suite of rooms that included an entrance hall, lounge and fantastic bedroom overlooking the park. The room was exceptionally clean and very well presented.We then went to the Club Lounge for afternboon tea, this is located on the 7th floor and is a facility available to patrons of the Club rooms. The staff in this room were attentitive to all patrons and the cakes and pastries were delicious. There is free internet access should you require it in a private room just off the lounge.During the early evening we were visited by the Duty Manager who was checking that we were Ok with our room, again a very thoughtful touch.We booked dinner in The Brian Turner Restaurant which is located in the hotel, prior to going to dinner we returned to the Club Lounge where we had a glass of chilled Cava and canapes. Again the staff worked incredibly hard to make sure all guests were looked after.Our dinner was exceptional, from the service to the food and its presentation. Brian Turner was in the restaurant and he spoke to all his guests making everyone feel special and treated us all like we were old friends, he is a great host.The following morning we had room service and a fantastic English breakfast was served in our room.I would like to thank the hotel and its staff for making my husbands birthday so very special, however I saw that all guests are made to feel welcome by this hotel and its staff.I thoroughly recommend this hotel if you are staying in London	
Nov 22 2007 	Wonderful hotel great location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the hotel, with my 12 year old daughter for sightseeing, shopping and to see a couple of West End shows. We had an early morning flight from Edinburgh and arrived at the hotel about noon. Our luggage was quickly taken from us and stored until our room was ready. This wasn't a problem as we had booked the matinee performance of 'Dirty Dancing' and were not back at the hotel until around 6pm. We were allocated a lovely twin room on the 5th floor overlooking Grosvenor Square. We found all the staff to be helpful and friendly and in particular the restaurant staff at breakfast and the concierge staff. I booked through 'Superbreak' as they offered a 1/2 price child price when sharing with one adult and had continental breakfast included in the deal. The breakfast buffet was excellent and upgrading to the hot buffet only an additional £3.50. I did use room service a couple of times and the standard was excellent, a little pricey, but probably just in keeping with other hotels of this standard in London. We loved that it was only a few minutes walk to Oxford St and there are also a number of cheap and cheerful restaurants even closer (Garfunkels, Bella Italia, Pizza Hut etc). Also handy for the tube, but we didn't use it and stuck to London cabs. All in all, a great stay, a lovely hotel and one I will definitely return to and recommend to friends.	
Nov 16 2007	Super London Base	I chose to stay in this hotel for the location only and so I wasn't expecting to love it - but I really did. The staff were friendly and helpful, the location is great and I was very comfortable. I booked a single room and I expected to be shown to a broom cupboard but I was given a lovely room overlooking the square. The room was immaculate, the bed was comfy, the linen crisp, plenty of towels and good water pressure! I especially liked the wireless keyboard which gave me control over the television, music and internet. Great value - lovely hotel.	
Oct 30 2007 	Just Perfect.!...	I have just returned form a girly weekend in London which was a birthday/graduation surprise. My Mother had laised with the hotel and we were welcolmed on arrival and given an upgrade to a beautiful room overlooking Grosvenor Square. The room was bright clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was great and the beds had lovely soft pillows that were very welcome after a late night out!. I cannot fault the staff and Damien Wood took the time to introduce himself to me to make sure everything was just to my liking. I felt thoroughly spoiled especially when the hotel presented me with the most beautiful birthday cake in my room.! I was really impressed by the personal touch and felt that the desire for me to really enjoy my weekend was genuine and sincere. My friend I had a fabulous time and when I go back to London there is only one place I want to stay.It's so convenient for getting around and in such a nice location.Thank you Damien, Mohammed and the rest of the team at Millenium Mayfair. My stay was just perfect and I will be recommending you to all my family and friends. IMy friend and I will definately return.	
Oct 29 2007 	Lovely Stay	My husband and I spent 2 nights at the hotel after having made a transatlantic crossing on Queen Mary 2. We had been concerned about whether the hotel would be a let down after the service provided onboard QM2. We were delighted with the service, the room and the breakfast we had in the Brian Turner Restaurant. Our room was beautiful and overlooked Grosvenor Square. The bathroom was incredibly beautiful in marble with every amenity we could want. Staff was very attentive and helpfui throughout our stay. This hotel was part of land/sea package from Cunard, otherwise we prefer to stay in Bloomsbury. However we eagerly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the Mayfair district.	
Oct 23 2007	I love this hotel	I have stayed in this hotel at least twice a year for the past 5 years. The location is superb, just minutes from Oxford Street, right in the heart of Mayfair. I stay in the deluxe room which has loads of space, king bed and great bathroom. Occaisionally I've had to use room service and it has been excellent, very fast and great food. I would definately reccoment the hotel to anyone. Great deals can be found on the various hotel websites. Look no further than the Millenium Mayfair.J Yates, Northern Ireland	
Oct 23 2007 	Overpriced Mediocre Hotel Masquerading as Upscale	When one pays $532 a night for a room, one expects a certain degree of comfort, even in London. The Millenium Mayfair does not deliver value for price. We are fairly sophisticated consumers of hotels. We have stayed at the Ritz in Paris, the Arts in Barcelona, Chateau Chevre D'Or in the Cote d'Azur, etc., etc., so we think we are pretty good judges of hotel service. We can afford to stay anywhere we like, but we are not fools and seek value for the price we pay.My wife and I come to London almost every fall, and previously have stayed at the Connaught, Claridges, the Beaufort and the Clivedon Townhouse before discovering the Intercontinental on Hamilton Place near Buckingham Palace (starting at 240 GBP). We loved it, but they shut it down for repairs for two years and we had to find another place, so , we stayed three nights in 2006 at the Millenium Mayfair and found it to be a very nice hotel right on Grosvenor Square in the Mayfair section of London. We are currently in the hotel kicking off a three-week anniversary trip. We stayed here in 2006. At first, we were given a crummy room facing what looked like a scene from Dickens, but after we squawked, they put us in a larger, more comfortable room with big windows facing Grosvenor Square. Since the final room we got was nice, we decided to stay here this year, but would not stay here again.I booked the room on Millenium's site and asked for a room with Club privileges (snacks and drinks in a private area) at 260 GBP per night. It was the best room I could get without moving to a junior suite, which we did not need.Even though we were returning customers, we were not shown any preference. The lobby staff is made up almost exclusively of Eastern Europeans who give you all the warm fuzzies of pre-1992 USSR. Upon arrival, we were shown a garrett room on the 7th floor with tiny windows and a column in the middle of the room. There were no amenities like robes or slippers.My wife got on the phone with the front desk and we were moved to another room on the 3rd floor overlooking the noisy entrance area. After a lot of squawking and a meeting with the general manager, we were moved to the same room we had last year. However, there were two tiny cakes of soap, one washcloth, and one bath towel. The in-room internet connection which is advertised as complimentary did not function so I'm paying 5GBP for 4 hours of internet use at this moment via the Wi-Fi network. The only telephone in the room is on a desk across the room from the bed, so you have to get out of bed to answer it.There were no 110 V electrical outlets by the bed, so for my wife to use a heating pad she needs (cancer patient in constant pain), the staff had to bring in a transformer weighing about 15 pounds.When we left the club room one day, the very rude staff member stopped my wife from taking a partially-consumed bottle of mineral water to the room. He claimed it was for liability purposes (she might fall and cut herself). This was ridiculous. The more likely real reason is the hotel wants to sell you bottled water from the mini-bar at GBP 1.95--($3.99).We are accustomed to having bottles of water available without cost since most fine hotels provide it in the cost of the room.The best part is, last night, after returning late to the hotel from the theatre, my wife had a craving for chocolates. She called and asked the maid staff to drop off the chocolates that she expected they would normally leave during their turn-down service. Complete silence on the phone, so I called the night manager who confirmed that (a) there were no chocolates and (b) there was no turn-down service.So, if you want to pay $532 a night for an average room, stay here. My wife and I will be going back to the Intercontinental next time we visit London.	
Oct 8 2007 	Wonderful location!	I stayed here 3 nights and we chose the Millennium Mayfair hotel because of the central location and a resonable price compare to other 4stars hotel central located. Unfortunately, sleep in London is not cheap!!!!The location of the hotel is wonderful, very close to Oxford Street, Hyde Park and in a very quiet and elegant area of London.The room was clean and comfortable.The hotel staff weren't very friendly but really we enjoyed our stay.Sorry if my english is not perfect	
Oct 7 2007 	I loved it so much and would'nt mind revisiting it again	The location is super!!!! It was so safe and convenient, Roosevelt memorial garden is directly opposite the hotel, my one year old daughter had an outlet for her energy there at any time and i felt comfortable with that. Oxford street and hyde park were moments away and Harrods was four minutes away by taxi.As for the hotel itself, it was extremely convenient, clean although the rooms and bathrooms were a little small. Their breakfast bar was excellent and the waiters were very kind.The hotel staff were very helpful and kind, when i needed to ship some items by cargo they did everything from finding a good shipping company to wrapping up the boxes and paying for them and billing it to our rooms.	
Oct 3 2007 	two twins does not a king make	my fiance and i stayed at this hotel on two different occasions. like the previous reviewer, we were not welcomed back either nor were we given a simple 'goodbye' on our way out. the front desk at this hotel is NOT warm and fuzzy in any way. HOWEVER, the concierge was pretty friendly as were the bartenders and the cleaning people on the 4th floor.we asked for a king bed and were given two twins pushed together. and for the price we paid each night, we expected better than 150 thread count sheets. and the overall smell of the room was odd.we had an average experience. the location is perfect. close to everything including the bond street tube.a sidenote: the ONE treadmill in the gym is extremely loud and is worn out. it desperately needs to be replaced.	
Sep 30 2007 	Luxury Hotel if a tad pompous	Lastminute booking and really good rates (£400 for 3 nights). The reception staff were a little stiff and sniffy but follow procedure I guess. The room was small but PERFECTLY formed, delightful. A window that opens, aircon from the dark ages but I never use it so who cares!. Comfortable bed with well appointed bedside lights not those horrid ones stuck in the headboard. All the amenities required for business - internet, phone and so on. Bathroom clean, bijoux, plenty of linens and a GREAT vanity mirror and good hairdryer.Some noise from other guests who forget themselves - yelling to one another in the corridor! - but quiet at night.Only had roomservice once it was fabulous and way above the norm for the usual room service offerings.Great location for food, shopping and walking to work in Bond Street.Excellent would most definitely return here.	
Sep 18 2007 	Incompetent staff and terrible room	My son and I stayed at the Millennium Mayfair Hotel in July and had a horrible experience. Although, London weather was mild the heat was turned on in our room to 78 degrees. We were unable to turn the heat down and 6 hours after we told the conceirge service about it a maitenance man finally showed up. He could not fix the problem and the assistant manager would not move us to another room. The management did sent up a room fan and bottle waters but the room was still sweltering. We were on the club level with guests yelling up and down the halls all night. Needless to say we did not have a good nights sleep.The next morning we were still not guaranteed a room change so we changed hotels. I had used American Express reward points to pay for the room and was unable to have them reinbursed.We moved to the Dukes Hotel where the service was excellent and very helpful. It is a lovely hotel and I would highly recommend it.Atlanta, GA	
Sep 17 2007 	Clean and great location	Nothing to complain about the hotel. Location was great, amenities were clean, hotel staff were friendly and helpful. One downside was the arrangement of furniture. After a long day walking and exploring London, one would like to catch up on the daily news or in this case, the World Cup. The tv faced the window and the sofa faced the bed. One would think that tv is usually enjoyed standing up in front of the window as opposed to sitting on the sofa or watching it from the bed.Overall, nothing to complain about about. We otherwise enjoed our stay.	
Sep 17 2007 	Nice Location Outdated hotel	We chose this hotel because of the central location and somewhat reasonable price (converted to US dollars anything is expensize). After being dropped off at the wrong hotel (the Mayfair) we arrived to the Millenium Mayfair on a Friday night, when a large event was taking place. The hotel entry is slightly hard to find, but it was packed with people. The lobby was nice and check in was fine. We made our way up to our room on the 6th Floor. We had requested a room with a view of Grosvenor Square when we booked the room and again upon check-in but we got a view of the motor court. It was fine. The room was nice size, but one thing I can't get over still is the smell. Every time we came back into the room the smell was terrible. A mix of old, smoke and something else I can't describe. The room was outdated, the lighting was poor, but the bed was nice and clean. The hotel does seem to have a lot of events and we couldn't keep our window open because it was so loud outside. It was a great location, very close to Hyde Park, Oxford Street, and in the heart of Mayfair. We don't regret staying there, but probably wouldn't stay again.	
Sep 16 2007 	FABULOUS TIME FANTASTIC STAFF EVERY 1 OF THEM THANKU	HI EVERY1 stayed 1 night 15 sep 07,i could talk and praise this place till i lost my voice i loved it that much, starting with the floor manager MR damien woods everything mr woods organised was spot on excellent great service thanks again damien and MR mohammed mazir floor manager again excellent great service made everything again spot on, also ALFIE at concierge so helpful thanku so much,the reception girls thanku so much the resturant food was awsome especailly the full english breaskfast ummmmmmmm was so lovery again staff were excellent,carking parking at hotel faultless especailly parking in the court yard staff again excellent ,we stayed in a deluxe room well that was sooooooooo nice everything was there for your ,room service was great food brought to your room was great we stayed on the 4th floor looking over the park fantastic BIG THANKS to everyone involved in this great value for money hotel WE WILL BE BACK mr&amp;mrs Goddard	
Sep 4 2007	Do Not Expect The Little Things That Count	This was my second stay in just over 2 months. A total of 16 nights. It will also be my last. Do not expect to be welcomed back as a returning guest! Forget that warm feeling when the front desk checks the computer and says &quot;Welcome Back.&quot; Do not expect any special courtesies; no note from the GM, no fruit bowl. You are just another body to be checked in by the mostly surly front desk staff. Booked an Executive Club Room. The unsmiling young lady at the desk (Linda) offered me the key to room 204. Nothing could have prepared me for the worst view from a hotel room that I have encountered in over 30 years of staying in hotels. It was a concerete block that somehow housed air conditioning units. To say it was was ugly would be an understatement. When I complained to the &quot;charming&quot; Linda that it was unacceptable she informed me I had booked an Executive Room and that this was an Executive Room! End of conversation. Had she never seen room 204? Or she could have aplogized in advance if the hotel was full? Passed on to the Manager on Duty we were given a room overlooking Grosvenor Square (one small window). A strange room that required illuminating the entire room to open the light in the bathroom. One light switch! Not very pleasant at night for one's companion. Too noisy, quite bizarre lighting and a sleepless night I went to the front desk at 6AM and asked for a change again. A new Manager on duty finally offered a nice room that despite the poor bed (every room has terrible beds) was pleasant. Do not expect the &quot;heavenly&quot;bed&quot; in this hotel. Springs and wires are the order of the night and very inferior linens. Club Room ammenities were nice. The staff in the Club Room were very very helpful and friendly in contrast to the imperious group at the front desk (one notable exception- Marina who is lovely and helpful). The less one has to deal with Linda, Andreas and the others at the front desk the more pleasant your stay will be. When asked for a late checkout (flight at 9:30PM) another Manager on Duty (yet another!) informed the charge would be 120 pounds. OK, 6PM is a late check out but often good customers are given a break. Not at this place! To add insult to injury, despite paying the charge we were locked out of our room for overstaying the check out time! The hotel is patronized largely by Middle Easterners and we were treated to a colorful and noisy Indian wedding. All of which makes the lobby a pretty hectic place. A perfectly fine property in a great location that is, in my opinion, poorly managed and does little to put the guest first. Is this the Millenium standard? Singaporean hospitality? This despite the many nice letters written to this website by the Front Office Manager who seems to care but who for some reason does not convey that same care to the staff. I really wanted to like this hotel (despite its rather outdated decor) and to make it my home on my frequent trips to London but one can never feel at home here. To me that is obvious after my last two stays. I shall move elsewhere. It all starts with the General Manager, whoever he/she may be.	
Aug 21 2007 	London Weekend in Mayfair	We stayed at the Millennium Mayfair for 2 days as part of a Cunard QE2 package. The hotel is located in a very quiet and refined area of London with Grosvenor Square at the back door and the American Embassy right across the street. The staff were extremely welcoming and helpful, especially the concierge who steered us towards great sightseeing (Hop on, Hop off bus at Hyde Park, only a five minute walk away) and several dining possibilities. The room was compact, but tastefully decorated and seemed recently renovated. We were on the motor entry side of the hotel, so we missed the view of Grosvenor Square. We had a very nicely done marble bath - one of the smallest bathrooms I've ever encountered, but well equipped. It was odd that the bath on QE2 was almost twice the size of the hotel bath. But ... who spends that much time in there anyway? The hotel offers an oriental restaurant and a 'celebrity chef' bar and restaurant. Prices are somewhat steep (about £20/$40 for breakfast) but there are several pubs and restaurants a short walk from the hotel that can save a good deal of cash for shopping (Bond Street is only 3 blocks away). I'd gladly stay with them again on my next trip! Very accomodating staff and a great location.	
Aug 2 2007 	Lovely hotel in peacfull surroundings	Just arrived back from London after staying in the Millenium Hotel and was really pleased. Some of the reviews had suggested the staff were very unfriendly and the rooms were small but, we didn't find this to be the case. The staff were very pleasent and when we arrived our room wasn't ready so they brought us tea to pass the time. It was then we seen the man himself Brian Turner whos restaurant is in the hotel. As a result the food is a little bit exspensive but, you have to treat yourself to eggs benedict and waffles every now and then :)The rooms felt like a mini flat with a big room and cumfy bed and a clean bathroom. Location of the hotel is really good not far from Bond street station about 5-10 min walk (doesn'y feel like it thou when the sun is shining) and just around the conrner from Claridges. Although its very close to the shopping hub, the park outside the hotel makes it fell like a tranquil place. All in all a really nice hotel and would recommend it.	
Jul 30 2007	good enough	nice rooms in delux. Bar at night was very nice an cosy. beds wern't the best. Most of the staff were perfect although girls on main desk wern't the most friendly or helpful. Food was above average. although one thing to point out, if ur a non smoker best not go the bar as shall i say the rules are relaxed at night, all round enjoyable night, good place to lay your head, row of cabs waiting outside for you, perfect!!	
Jul 29 2007 	Great Location	We stayed at the MIllenium Mayfair for 2 nights for the prologue of the Tour de France. The Hotel is a great position in Grosvenor Square and only 5 minutes walk from Selfridges on Oxford Street and Bond Street is within easy walking distance. We were also able to walk to Hyde Park to see the Prologue. We had a good weekend deal, approx £123 per room per night including breakfast, booking directly with the Hotel which we thought was great value for money given the location and size of the rooms. We were allocated 2 refurbished rooms on the fourth floor overlooking Grosvenor Square which were quiet and spacious. The staff were very good, particularly the concierge team, who managed to get us into The Ivy Restaurant on the Saturday night. There was a bit of a mix up with the booking, I am convinced it was the Ivy, not the Hotel, however the hotel made up for it by having a bottle of champagne on ice in the room on our return. We did not eat in the Brian Turner restaurant but there is a great Italian restaurant, 'The Spaghetti House' just over the square for an informal meal with a great atmosphere. It is part of a chain but you would never have guessed. I would definitely recommend this hotel particularly with the weekend deals and would not hesitate to stay here again. If in doubt, book it!	
Jul 18 2007 	OK but you can do better	We were booked into this hotel as a continuation of our transatlantic cruise on Cunard's QM2. The location is great--heart of Mayfair. Hotel looks OK and staff is exceptionally polite and efficient. But, rooms are a bit dated which was quite a let down after a suite on the QM2. The first room we were assigned overlooked the HVAC units, smelled and the A/C didn't work in July. Second room was newer, but much, much smaller. They are very proud of their premium restaurant, which has a headliner chef--Brian Turner--but, there is no all-day casual restaurant (contrary to what their material says). Food prices are beyond reason--20 pounds ($40) for a continental breakfast via room service. There are more reasonably priced restaurants in the area. While Cunard booked a number of English-speaking people into this hotel, most of the clientel seems to be Mid-Eastern or Asian. One of the channels on the TV was Al Jazeera, which I actually watch from time to time, but at the Millennium Mayfair it was in Arabic with no subtitles or dubbing. Not what I expected at an &quot;English&quot; hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Good hotel but room a bit dated!	Now I have got to say the idea of staying in Mayfair was really exciting the area was fab and very quiet and the hotel was within walking distant from Oxford Street and Piccadilly and other major attractions. The reception was very nice and clean with The Brian Turner restaraunt offering a very nice menu. All staff where extremely helpful and room service took about 10 minutes at most. The only dissapointment was the furniture in the rooms seemed very out of date, and for a 4 star hotel in Mayfair and how nice it was downstairs you would expect more. We managed to get this hotel for 2 nights for £235 on the 6/7/007. At the most I would pay £300 for two nights and no more. Overall average hotel with a fantastic location. I would stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	We stayed here on a Saturday and Sunday night whilst attending a gig at the O2 arena.Having paid just £135 per night for room only does colour my view a little - in addition we gained a free upgrade to a deluxe room!Good points:The hotel is clean and staff, friendly.Enormous rooms for city centre London.Some of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in!Air conditioning that almost works (still not as good as even the cheapest American motel!)Amazing value for moneyBy far the most comfortable hotel we have stayed in in London, despite paying more in the past.Needs improvement:Bar prices are high, we had a couple of sandwiches at around 12.30am and the quality was not good. To be blunt, it was pretty awful. I understand there won't be a chef on duty at this time, but the ingredients were not up to scratch.There is a good cafe just off Berkeley square about 5 minutes walk away if the breakfasts look too expensive.Finally, it was interesting to read some of the hotel's history. It's great to be able to stay somewhere that has had a place in world events (the one that stuck in my mind is it is where the end of the Napoleonic wars was announced).Overall, I would heartily recommend this hotel to one and all.	
Jun 26 2007	Great Stay!!	We had a wonderful stay at the Millenium. The rooms are very nicely appointed, the beds quite comfortable, great pillows, upscale bath and all the ammenites we Americans are used to! Great staff; very knowlegeable and helpful. We really liked the location too. Definitely would recommend.	
Jun 15 2007 	Very good staff	Stayed here for 2 nights for an in-house conference in June. Surprised our budget ran to this hotel - must have been given a good deal! Excellent location, nice room (air con very quiet - perhaps I was lucky?), good shower and overall very little noise from either outside or the other guests. The breakfast buffet was fine; not huge but everything was fresh and tasty. Particularly impressed with the staff who were efficient and friendly, whether at check-in, breakfast or when just passing housekeeping staff in the corridors. They are clearly well trained. Only one gripe - we had a conference dinner there and the food was cold when it arrived. This may have been partly our fault though as I think the speakers over-ran. The lunches provided were very good. I just wished we could have tried the Turner restaurant as the menu was very appealing.  Overall a very good conference venue (and I hope we use it again) but I'd also recommend it for tourists.	
Jun 13 2007 	A good all-rounder	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights to celebrate his 30th Birthday and our 5th Wedding Anniversary.We booked directly with the hotel and secured a good rate including breakfast. The service prior to our stay from the front office was superb and beyond expectation.Having stayed here before for my birthday last year we knew what to expect: The location is in a leafy area of Mayfair, directly opposite Grosvenor Square and the American Embassy. There is an exclusive and calm air about the place and it's within a quick paced 10-15 minute walk to the nearest tube station. The lobby is elegant and spacious. There was some kind of event/function going on over the weekend we were threre, which resulted in a minor chaos in the lobby but the delay wasn't too long. The room rate they had down for us at the check in desk was not as per the agreement but this was quickly sorted.We made our own way upto our room on the 4th floor. It was overlooking the car park so no view to speak of, but we weren't planning on spending our time looking out the window so this wasn't a problem.The room was of the refurbished variety (we were asked upon check in if we wanted a refurbished or non refurbished room). The size was smaller than our last stay but pleasant, bright and airy all the same. Large queen bed, sofa and chairs, desk, air con (louder than last time but efficient). There was the usual trouser press as well as an iron &amp; ironing board which were put to good use. Our tv didn't work to begin with but a pleasant engineer was sent up fairly quickly and fixed the problem.The marble bathroom is clean and functional with overhead shower with good pressure (not so great drainage). Plenty of towels and toiletries. Overall the room was above average, comfortable with some luxury touches, well sound proofed and a good size for London standards.Because of the event that was taking place we had a letter both days advising us that they expected the breakfast room to be extremely busy and advised to get there before 8am (no thank you) or order breakfast in the room. We paid the £5 surcharge each morning to have this and it was a much more pleasant and relaxing experience.The front office booked us dinner in Turners restaurant within the hotel for our celebratory dinner. Having dined at this restaurant previously and loved it we were not let down this time. Asparagus, smoked salmon, beef fillet, 'bangers and mash' , chocolate pudding and vanilla ice cream went down a storm with a nice Merlot. Service was superb as before with the great sommelier, Patrice, on hand. It was good to see Brian Turner in the kitchen too.One difference from our previous experience was that we were spoilt during our last stay. We were kindly presented with a complimentary bottle of wine in our room in recognition of my birthday and the hotel had also advised Turners restaurant of the occasion - they gave me my dessert beautifully decorated with candles and Happy Birthday written on it which was a lovely suprise. Even the check in clerk wished me Happy Birthday. Because it was an extra special occasion this time, I suppose I was hopeful for a repeat experience, especially as I'd been bowled over by the service received from the front office when making the arragements. The fact that this didn't happen did not disappoint us, nor did it detract from the overall good service and functionality the hotel, but it's the little extra mile touches (on the service front) that makes a place stand out for me.One warning. There were a few spaces in the hotels own small rear car park but upon arrival we were 'shooed' into the NCP car park, being told that these spaces were reserved due to an event that night. &quot;What happened to first come first served?&quot; I asked. That didn't apply today it seemed. Our car is a prestige make (just incase they were fussy about which cars are 'on show' ha ha!). Not particularly bothered, we instead parked in the adjoining NCP car park with ease. However, I wish we'd been a bit more insistent in the first place, because after 1 day 21hrs we paid the princely sum of £84 for parking! And I thought I'd become used to London parking charges.Overall, the Millennium Mayfair is an excellent choice for those who do not wish to be in the hustle and bustle but instead prefer a more relaxed environment to spend their time in London in comfort, be it for business or pleasure, and without paying ridiculous prices for lesser service (as I have in the past at Le Meridien Grosvenor House and The May Fair/Radisson hotel) The Millennium has the ability to go above and beyond what is usually expected. I rate it as a very good star hotel and will certainly consider it during my next visit to London.	
Jun 12 2007 	Nice hotel but slack staff	Good reception, quick, professional and polite.I had a club room which was GBP235 per night. Internet connection is another GBP20 and was very slow - I could just make a call using skype but the quality was bad.Poor sound insulation between rooms for an expensive hotel.Also half the rooms face out onto the square and the first night i was there was a car alarm which went for about 30 minutes from 9.00pm to 9.30pm. Room service rarely answered the phone and when they did they don't seem to want to give room service saying that the items in the room service menu were not available - for example there are 7 items on the Dersert menu but they only serve one(ice cream). I was ringing between 8.00pm to 9.30 pm and no one was anwering the phone.The Valet also doesn't answer their telephone as I wanted a suite dry cleaned and was ringing between 8.00pm to 10.00pm and no one answered.Other than the above this is quite a nice hotel but I think for the price I can do better.	
May 30 2007 	Loved the Millenium	I saw this hotel listed on one of the Travelzoo Top 20 lists, and decided to give it a try. I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews here, and even more confused after my mother told me she stayed here once and it was luxurious and wonderful. How could the reviews all be so different?I guess it really just comes down to a matter of taste,, and what you're used to. I agreed with my mom on this one. I loved this hotel. It was classy and elegant, in a beautiful area centrally located. Our room was huge....the bathroom large and clean.....the bed large and comfy. I could not have asked for more from this hotel. I felt wonderful and relaxed each time I walked back into the lobby after being out on the town all day.I don't generally stay at 5-stay, fancy hotels. I'm more the type to try a boutique, off-the-beaten -path hotel that offers slightly more personality than sophistication. That said, this may be more run-of-the-mill than I'm aware of - - especially for people who typically travel well. I thought it was just lovely, and I enjoyed every minute of my stay.The Mayfair area is very beautiful and upper-class. From the hotel, you are close to a few tube stops, the closest being Bond St. and Green Park. You can walk to almost everything -- hyde park and green park, picadilly circus, Covent Garden, Soho, the river, etc. Lots of shopping close by, including Selfridges department store and Oxford and Bond St. The hotel is tucked back into a more residential neighborhood, but it's only a few minutes walk until you're out in the bustling streets. I feel that's the best of both worlds -- a nice quiet oasis to sleep and relax in, yet close enough to get out into town.	
May 29 2007 	a dichotomy	First impressions of this hotel were great – the lobby / public areas were very smart, and the price we paid ( GBP 178 ) left thinking we’d gotten a real bargain.Reception staff were very polite &amp; professional. We were even able to get into our room despite arriving at around 11am ( I guess more to do with availability than efficiency, but it was still nice ).The room itself was a Club Room and was looking a bit tired – it could probably do with a face lift, but there was nothing wrong with the room. The A/C blew cold air, the lights worked ( a small gripe, the same with most hotels – more / better lighting in the bedroom please ).The bathroom was small but clean. The shower was powerful and easily adjusted.All staff were polite / friendly – always greeted with “good morning / afternoon”.But now the let downs : Breakfast – we had the full English buffet in the Turner restaurant. Personally I expect something better when a “celebrity” chef gives his name to a restaurant. Over all there is nothing I can say was “wrong” with it, but the scrambled egg looked a bit grey &amp; stodgy, the bacon didn’t look cooked ( a couple of other residents made similar comments ). The coffee ( decaf ) lacked any substance – it was hot &amp; just about tasted of coffee, but it was very weak. No knife available for butter / preserve ( easily remedied by taking one form the next table ).Breakfast was included in our package, if I’d been paying GBP20 for it on top of the room rate I would’ve asked for a reduction. Overall I’ve had better breakfasts at Holiday Inns.Housekeeping – When we returned to our room after breakfast the maid was cleaning our room. Great, we thought, they give it a quick tidy while we were at breakfast.Wrong – they were servicing it ready for the next guest before we’d even checked out. The sheets had been changed, the towels replaced etc. It left us wondering if this happens a lot &amp; in fact we’d spent the night in a room which had been serviced before the previous occupants had left !	
May 24 2007 	Highly recommend	Being from the US many told us not to expect much from the hotels in Europe. I would have to guess that these people have never stayed at the Millenium Mayfair. The hotel is in the perfect section of London. It is within walking distance to some of the best shopping in the world and also is surrounded by many great authentic english pubs. The breakfast is a little pricey so I would recommend a couple of the local places located within a block of the hotel. The rooms and staff are great. Listen to their recommendations. We never felt uneasy about the area our hotel was located in because it was very safe and nice.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fab Hotel	Before booking this hotel I spent a lot of time researching London Hotels, the major points that encouraged me to book this were the number of good reviews written and the fact that the hotel responded to criticism, which indicated to me that they cared.I was not disappointed, upon arrival we were given a room upgrade ( a good friend had tipped off the hotel that it was my 50th birthday). The room was large, the comfortable bed was large and the bathroom was large, with seperate bath &amp; shower.All of the staff, particularly the front desk staff, were extremely courteous and friendly (not always the case with upmarket London hotels).Will definately recommend this hotel to anybody looking for a good, well kept and central hotel.	
Apr 13 2007 	Absolutely Lovely!!	I cannot say enough wonderful things about the hotel or it's truly amazing staff. Although my husband and I have traveled to London several times before, this was our first time to take our twin 6 year old boys. I was looking for a large room (VERY rare in London) without spending the college fund. Every question by phone and email was answered promptly and graciously. When I enquired about the possibility of securing a small refrigerator for juice and water they suggested emptying the minibar for our use! We checked in at 11:00 am and our room was ready--minibar emptied, additional twin bed soon made up, extra towels and slippers...all without us having to request!!! My husband and I joked that we could not possibly make a request that the staff would deny---truly the most gracious, friendly hotel staff I have ever encountered in Europe!And, are you ready?? The college fund is more that in tact. We are still trying to find out how we stayed in what can only be described as a 4-5 star hotel for the fantastic deal that we were offered. The king-sized bed was very, very comfortable. Water pressure in the bathroom surprisingly good and all creature comforts provided.WE WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!! Thank you for a memorable, stress free holiday!	
Apr 13 2007 	A luxuriously central yet peaceful find	Having just returned from a five night stay in London, my better half and I have nothing but good things to say about the Millenium Mayfair. Having sent a quick note to the Front of House Manager to make them aware of our early arrival, we were very pleasantly surprised to find our room not only available to us when we arrived but one much larger than we are to understand is the norm for London. The room had a wonderful view, a luxurious tub to recoup those weary legs after a day of exploring, safe/minibar/robes/large sitting area and other amenities you'd expect from a hotel at such a prestigious address. The location was also remarkably quiet and we heard little to no street noise during our stay. The concierge was very helpful on several occasions, most notably getting us reservations at the Savoy for tea. The hotel itself is small enough for the service to remain excellent, yet large enough to satisfy most every want you'd likely have on this type of trip.Situated 2 blocks south of the Bond Street Station/Oxford Street, and 2 blocks west of Bond Street shopping the hotel was perfect for a couple seaking to pay a touch extra (though we did get a phenominal deal online) for a location that is central to virtually everything you'd choose to do in London. It is less than a 10 minute stroll south to Green Park/Buchingham Palace, 15 minutes walk east to the theatres and excitement of the West End, and next door to Hyde Park.For the Budget minded there are a few nice pubs in the area where you can eat well with a pint for 20 pounds for two, and several cafes for a morning pastry and a coffee for 3/4 pounds each. For the Luxury minded, Gordon Ramsey at Claridges (a Michelin rated restaurant of international repute) is one block northeast from the hotel - though you'd likely need to book in advance.From the luxury and centrality of the Mayfair location, to the proximity to both the Canadian and American embassies (which are neighbours to the hotel), to the top-level service and attention, the Millenium Mayfair should make your shortlist of where to stay in a city so full of choices. We will return to London, and will stay here again.	
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent. Fully Intend to make this our base when in town.	Booked this direct with the hotel as a birthday treat for my 16 year old daughter to complement a shopping and theatre trip. It was EXCELLENT!!! When they knew it was a special occasion they gave us an upgraded room overloking Grosvenor Square, access to the Club lounge, and full English breakfast included. The facilities were lovely, the position excellent and the service first class. One of the things that impressed me prior to booking was the fact that the front house manager took the trouble to read and respond to review postings on this site. It was well worth a visit and we will stay here in future whenever we are in town (which, following this visit is likely to be a regular occurrence for teenage shopping......!)	
Mar 8 2007 	eeek a mouse	This hotel does have some plus points ie - the nice quiet location - within walking distance of Green Park and Bond Street, very nice bedrooms, very nice communal areas. On the negative side though it costs £9.00 for a glass of wine at the bar, but the major factor that will ensure that I never set foot in this hotel was A MOUSE RUNNING THROUGH THE RESTAURANT AT BREAKFAST!!!! To top it off the waitress very calmly said as it ran past &quot;Don't worry love, I saw it as well!!!!&quot; as if it was a regular occurance! Won't be back.	
Feb 27 2007 	Good time at the Millenium Mayfair	The Millenium Mayfair is a good hotel in a fantastic central location. It is comfortable and has a pleasant atmoshpere. The smaller bedrooms look a little more old fashioned than we like but that is personal taste as we prefer a minimal look. The public areas in the hotel look more modern.We had a couple of small problems with some street noise and a toilet which became blocked and told the reception staff. The guy at reception who dealt with this was extremely helpful and pleasant and offered us a different bigger room, complimentary breakfast and access to the Club Lounge. The new room was quiet and the member of staff could not have been nicer. In general the staff were very pleasant.This was our second time at the hotel and we would definitely go back.	
Feb 27 2007 	Don't Take Any Notice Of Negative Comments!	My husband and I stayed at the mayfair millennium for 2 nts from 21st Feb 2007 to celebrate my husband's birthday.Please do not take any notice of the negative comments posted on this site as this is a beautiful hotel in an excellent peaceful location,with plenty of character and we had an excellent stay.The hotel have taken every precaution, closing off the areas that were proved to be contaminated and this did not spoil our experience one little bit.So if you are thinking of staying here my advice would be go ahead as we will certainly stay there again on our next trip to London and would have no hesitation in recommending it to others.	
Feb 2 2007 	radioctive material!!	I stayed in that hotel for 5 days only to learn that that was the hotel where someone was poisoned(murdered) by a radioactive material (Polonium 210)! That is a very dangerous material and I was not able to confirm through management whether that represented any serious threat to hotel guests. I insisted that they show me some kind of document from goverment authorities whether the hotel was cleaned or not but no one even wanted to talk about it. Currently I am very worried whether I am exposed to this material or not. I ate breakfast, and stayed at the floor which i believe those events took place. It is really unbeliavable how British authorities allow this hotel to be open!! At least they should have informed the guests that this incident took place at the Millenium- I didn't know about it until my last day and I would have never chosen to stay there if I knew about it. I don't recommend anyone to stay in that place until the hotel can prove that there is no threat to public health.	
Jan 30 2007 	Good value for money in London	I stayed at the Millenium Mayfair for a long week-end in January and found it a very good deal for London. OK it is not a palace but the hotel is still very confortable and well decorated, a very nice 4 star luxury hotel. The lobby is fine, the restaurant's design interesting and the rooms are big enough to feel well, even if the furnitures in the room may be a bit more modern (the decoration is very British so it makes it quite typic). The location is perfect, Grosvenor Square is idealy located in the quite and smart Mayfair area, just 10 minutes away from Picadilly and Oxford Street. You are in the center of London but can enjoy a quiet night sleep, very enjoyable. The staff at the front desk and the bellboy were helpfull. A recommended adress in London.	
Jan 29 2007 	Excellent value and quality !!	Second time to this hotel and this time it was even better. Room excellent, quality throughout was very good and exceptional value for the location. Already planning to return later on this year.	
Jan 29 2007 	Ok in very nice part of London	My wife and I stayed at this Hotel for two nights. The purpose was a nice weekend in London. We booked the Hotel on the official website and got a Superior room for 275 pounds in total. For that kind of money we hoped for a clean, centraly located and nice Hotel. Mayfair is a very nice area that we both like very much.The Hotel is overlooking a small park and you can actually see the American embassy from most of the rooms. The room was kept clean and had a very small bathroom (considering the price that is) but the sleepibg area was nice in size. The problem with this hotel is noise from the street. The wndows are simply not sundprove enough. Even though we were on the fourth floor and the first night we were constantly awaken by the cars below on the street. We did find a solution the second night of our stay. We simly kept the aircon on all night which gave a constant noise in the room making it possible to sleep well. One other thing is that as mentioned in other reviews, the lobby is often filled with people partying. We were noth bothered in particular with that. But cheking-in late at night it does remove some atention away from the arriving guest at the Hotel. The staff is trying their best, but they really should keep the festivitas away from the lobby area of the hotel. A small prayer to the manegement, why not have a doorman on the street, all the other major hotels in this area have one?All in all a good hotel, but do leave the aircon on if you want a good nights sleep in the nice area of Mayfair, London.	
Jan 19 2007 	Booking procedures/Reservations	I was forced to stay in London on Thursday 18th January due to the terrible weather and the disruption this caused to travelling. Like many others, upon finding myself stranded, I began the search for a hotel room. My company uses a travel reservation company who found me a room at this hotel. The booking was secured using my credit card.Knowing that I had secured a bed for the evening I went for dinner with colleagues in a similar situation, arriving at the hotel later that evening. Upon checking in I was told that my booking had not been confirmed and I no longer had a room! My personal opinion is that my company frequently use this hotel group and therefore are able to secure rooms at a reduced rate. Given the number of people forced to stay in London for the evening I sincerely suspect that my room was resold at the full or even a premium rate.The desk clerk did make arrangements for me to stay at a sister hotel - a helpful gesture. In summary: not the service I would have expected from reservations at a top London hotel.	
Jan 16 2007 	Wonderful wonderful wonderful...	My friend and I have just returned from our exhausting weekend at The Millennium. I have stayed several times with this chain in New York and it was just such good fun.The concerige looked after us like gold dust. They where able to get us a booking for the Saturday night at Cipirani [not correct spelling] which was fully booked and buzzing with celebs. Expensive but so worth it.. They then had us booked on to the night club of &quot;Funky Buddha&quot;. The next day sunday we where booked once again into a fully booked Nobu and then into the Met Night Club. To those guys at the desk a big thank you. You made our trip..Even had hair salons ready for us on the day of check out.The only negative was due to the hetic night life we endured we missed breakfast on both mornings. The location was super as we both enjoy walking, it was wonderful to walk past Hyde Park and down to Harrods. If anyone likes Sushi. Yo Sushi in Harrods 2 just across the street is something else.Our room was very comfortable indeed, but perhaps a little on the warm side, the air con didnt seem to come on, perhaps in the month of January they dont expect you to need it.	
Jan 13 2007 	Millennium Mayfair Top Experience	I have stayed at the Millennium Mayfair several times. (For those worried, I have not glowed in the dark yet and absolutely intend to return this month.) I have also stayed in several other hotels in London over the years. Each time I have had a very good room at this hotel, usually large by London standards- a key element in choosing a hotel there. I have only had one very small room and after calling the front desk they were able and willing to quickly change that! The staff is helpful and responsive- not the case in every hotel I have stayed at in London. The food in the bar was just okay but I love the piano player. Another real plus in choosing a hotel when traveling for business. If you have to work late- this adds a nice relaxing end to the day. I recently heard this bar, one of two in the hotel, was closed. I hope it opens again soon! I also like the location- its an easy walk to the Central and Jubilee Tube lines and Starbucks. (Sorry but I have a thing against expensive hotel breakfasts when what I really want is a good coffee.) Also an easy walk to Oxford and Picadilly as well as Leicester Square/West End on a nice day.	
Jan 12 2007 	Very pleased	I booked the hotel on behalf of friends who were coming to London for a concert and it was a rare and special occasion for them so I wanted to make it memorable. The location was perfect for them but I was worried by some of the negative comments on this forum and so contacted the hotel direct. I was put through to a member of staff who asked me to email my concerns and within the hour I had a very helpful reply from the Front Office Manager.My friends were very happy with the accommodation and service and are still enthusing about their trip. As I didn't stay I can't comment first hand but all I can say is that I was impressed that the hotel was quick to respond and seem committed to providing a good service.	
Jan 2 2007 	Luxury Traditional Style Hotel	This is a traditional style luxury Hotel in the heart of Mayfair in London and a short walk from Oxford Street. The location is great to explore London from and many of the rooms overlook a small park. The staff were great and couldnt have been more helpful. The concierge had walking tour info that I was looking for and reception changed my room when I requested.My flight was cancelled due to the weather but I didnt mind as I had another nights stay in this Hotel.The second room they gave me I didnt like as much and when I mentioned it to reception they gave me a choice of rooms to view. The rooms do vary in size and shape but the furnishings are very nice. The bathrooms arent large and dont have separate shower/bath which would be a draw back for some people. The famous chef Brian Turner has a restaurant in this hotel but I didnt get to eat here.Maybe next time.	
Dec 20 2006 	Excellent	Had a wonderful 3-day stay at the Millenium Mayfair last weekend.Check-in staff was cheerful, pleasant and really apologetic for not having a room ready at the time I checked in, even though I was waaay too early (around 10am) Returned a couple of hours later, and the girl remembered my name! Way to goThe room (nr 233, a King Superior) was huge! Bigger than many a London bedsit, I’m sure! Enormous, very comfortable bed; widescreen TV with channels in about 16 languages or so; seating area, with free magazines; work-desk; spacious marble bathroom with bath and separate shower.Location of the hotel is excellent with Soho within walking distance, and Oxford Street and Bond Street just a block away. All in all, as said : a wonderful stay. Will come back again, for sure!Special kudos to the hotel-staff! Every single one, from the chambermaids to the bellboys to the concierge to the check-in staff, was without fail very friendly, helpfull, service-minded, and above all : cheerfull. ps: to tone down a bit the “cheerfullness” of my review, some “criticism” :1) There’s no doorman on the Grosvenor Sq entrance.2) That same entrance could do with a sliding-door instead of a revolving door3) The lay-out of the lobby is illogical. Instead of the check-in desk being in full view, it appears to be &quot;hidden&quot; around the corner on your right.	
Dec 10 2006 	wondeful	We had originally booked to stay at a different London hotel but due to problems with fire systems we were re-located to the Millenium Mayfair. Having read reviews of this hotel and all recent media coverage I was dreading staying here. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is in a great location, has an NCP car park underneath and the staff were very friendly. The hotel itself is what you would expect from a location like Mayfair. The rooms were clean and spacious and the lobby, bar and restaurant were all very nice. Prices in the cocktail bar and mini bar were astronomical but to be expected in Central London. We will definitely go back there and would also recommend to others.	
Dec 10 2006 	a few problems	my boyfriend suprised me with a stay in this hotel for my 21st. We arrived around lunchtime, and although we arrived at check in before two other men, they were allocated a room and we were told to come back later. We had phoned in advance to request a room with a view, the phone call must have been completely ignored as we certainly did not have a view. The room was clean and comfortable but when it came to getting to sleep it was a complete nightmare. There was a constant tapping noise at our window throughout the night, and it was far too hot and the air con did not work. While the staff were indeed very friendly and reasonably accomodating, i would not rate this hotel 4* and it is overpriced for what you get, i have had a better nights sleep in hostels which cost £10 a night.	
Dec 3 2006 	Loved It	we stayed at the hotel on the 2nd December for my mums 60th Birthday. After some of the reviews that I had read on the internet I was a little worried about what we were going to find, but after our stay at the hotel I know now that I had no reason to be worried. Check in was quick and easy with helpful friendly reception staff and we found the reception area to be very grand. we had two rooms on different floors which wasnt a problem at all. we had rooms 116 and 516, both had recently been decorated,were clean comfortable and a reasonable size.neither of these rooms had a view overlooking grovenor square which was no problem for us as we were going out and about all the time. if you want a room overlooking the square I would suggest emailing or speaking to a manager before you get there to ensure this if a view of the square is what you are after. The mini bar was fully stocked, the tv workled perfectly as did the aircon and the bathroom was compact ,clean and had everything we needed. that goes for both rooms.there is a nice range for breakfast with friendly staff. we will definetley go back to stay at the hotel next time we are in Mayfair.	
Nov 29 2006 	Confused and worried!	Stayed at the hotel last Friday as a surprise from my husband. When we arrived, there were lots of police in and outside the hotel. Checked in and asked the receptionist why they were there and she said she was unsure, but it is probably because the US Embassy is opposite! Our room wasn't available so we left our bags and went shopping. When we arrived back later, not only were the police still there, but also news crews. I asked a policeman what was going on as this time I was starting to get nervous. He said that the russian man that had died visited the hotel and it was just part of ongoing investigations.We were given a room on the 5th floor, which not only was dark and dingey, but also a twin! We had booked a double and had confirmation too. I rang down and they asked me to come to reception and they would sort it out. Once they realised their error, they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a king deluxe room on the 1st floor. The room was huge and overlooking Grosvenor Square (and all the news crews!!).We switched on the tv to see the news and there it was ...the hotel....and the headlines saying radiation had been found!! Great...now I was worried. I have recently had an operation and still have the stitches in, and this was the last thing I needed...a health scare.I rang and asked to speak to the manager and was put through to another gentleman (who was dealing with all of the pubilicity) and he assured me that nothing had been found and it was the reporters over-reacting and I have nothing to worry about at all.When we returned from our meal out later, there were also police standing guard at the end of the corridors.It was too late to check out and find somewhere else, so I had to believe that if we were in any danger, surely the hotel staff would advise us and move us to different hotels. So we went to bed.I don't think the management at the hotel have dealt with this situation well at all, and I have emailed them about my concerns...but no response from them yet!Hopefully we were not at risk, but it has left me worrying. Especially when we booked for an anniversary break and to celebrate the success of my recent operation.	
Nov 28 2006	Nice Hotel	My husband and myself stayed at the Millennium on the 18th November. This was to celebrate my husband's birthday and we were in London for one night only! therefore it was essential we chose the right hotel. The hotel itself is very nice and our room was lovely, very spacious (we ensured on booking, our room would have a seating area, in this room we had a sofa and armchair). The bathroom was quite small but spotless. I was a little disappointed that bathrobes were not provided but could not fault any other facilities provided. The hotel is quite expensive but this is to be expected in such a location. The only real downside to this hotel are the reception staff. I found them to be very unfriendly and very disinterested in their guests. There was no warm welcome on arrival, not even a smile. However, don't let this put you off, I would definitely stay at this hotel again and if the Hotel Manager takes note of customer reviews, I am sure he can rectify his team of unfriendly staff by providing training for them in customer care.	
Nov 19 2006 	Plush surroundings!	Spent a night here in order to attend a dinner at a near-by location. Great location in Grosvenor Square. Bit of a mix up over the rooms as the room i was initially allocated was a twin not a double (i hate single beds!) but after some initial doubts over whether this could be rectified (they were apparently fully booked!), i was able to move to a different room. Receptionist was particularly helpful. After our dinner we returned to the bar with several guests where again, staff were attentive and there was a pianist/singer to entertain us. Nothing to particularly dislike- the hotel was plush, room was fine, service was good but all very pricey (what did I expect for Mayfair!). Breakfast was OK except for the bacon!The only slight issue was the addition of a heavy &quot;service charge&quot; to our bar bill, this despite our having left a cash tip anyway. I questioned this and the amount was taken off the bill.	
Nov 18 2006	If you like mold...	...then this is the place for you. Be sure to ask for one of the rooms on the top floor overlooking Grosvenor Square. They offered this as an &quot;upgrade&quot; after we expressed dissatisfaction with our first room (which was noisy, carpet stained, and had a panoramic view of a filthy rooftop). The upgrade included a room that was humid and musty, with peeling wallpaper that was visibly streaked with black mold. We're quite certain this room was the cat's meow a hundred and fifty years ago, but today it is in desperate need of a wrecking ball and a new roof. Needless to say we did not keep the room and had to move again, but both of us got sick from our brief exposure to the mold and we ended up spending almost an entire day in a London clinic. The third room was passable but still a big letdown, nothing like the photos. Unable to find another room for the duration of our stay, we resigned ourselves to staying in our room as little as possible. This was our first and last visit to this hotel.	
Nov 14 2006 	Very disappointing	We like good class hotels and rooms and so booked a deluxe room with executive lounge access at £200 per night. We selected the Millenium due to its good location to the shops on Oxford Street. It was a great disappointment and we wasted a lot of time trying to sort out the problems with the room. In addition the reception staff were unhelpful and not one of them apologised or even smiled once during our stay - very impolite. We had been unable to gain access to the hotel room on arrival at 14.00 and so walked out to start shopping, as a result we were late back and had to rush out to dinner with friends. We were given a reasonably furnished good sized room on the 3rd floor, it was unbearably hot and so we turned on the air con and put the temperature to 18c which was the lowest. The shower was terrible, no pressure and no hot water - impossible to rinse soap off your body or shampoo from hair, I managed by using the bath taps!! This made me very stressed and late to join our friends. On the way out we complained to reception and they agreed to take action. On return later that night the room was even hotter (proven by the temp display on the air con panel) and the shower was still not working. We rang reception who told us there was nothing wrong with either systems, so we had to suffer a bad night with both windows wide open. The next day on leaving the hotel once again we asked for help for our room problems and the receptionist promised to solve them or move us to another room. On returning later that day another receptionist denied knowledge of the problems stating there was no record of our complaint and had to call the engineer again. We then wasted the rest of a precious evening in London trying to get a solution which did not happen. Only after much discussion did the receptionist agree to let us move rooms. We tried 4!!! Three had terrible heat problems, one on the 5th floor had an excellent shower, but only one had working air con although the shower also did not work we at least felt we would get a nights sleep - this was on the 2nd floor facing the square and the receptionist was incredibly reluctant to let us move there which was inexplicable since it was the same level as the room we were allocated. So now the entire evening was gone and it was too late to go out to dinner. Totally stressed out we trecked up to the haven of the executive lounge on the 7th floor - incidently despite daily complaints our room key would not open the door (it was supposed to) and we always had to wait until someone came by to let us in. The lounge is the saving grace of the hotel - the staff are incredible, they were delightful and friendly and the services offered welcome (paid for as an additional cost on the room charge). This hotel is 4 star rated and very expensive (we have since found some 5 star hotels in the same area for the same price). I will never return there again and definitely do not recommend staying there.	
Nov 14 2006 	Pretty good	A nice hotel. Although I never smoke in my hotel room, I always ask for a smoker's room and on this occasion this once more turned out to be a lucky choice: The room I got (Nr. 237) was very large, with a double bed, desk and chair, reclining chair and cocktail table, large well tuned TV (not flat screen but never mind) and a huge bathroom with a separate shower cabin. Furthermore: The room smelled fresh, so apparently nobody had smoked in it for ages. An ironing board and iron were immediatily supplied on request. An observation: The modern &quot;Turner&quot; Bar is very pretty and the staff is competent, but the bottle shelves are lit from behind, so you cannot see the bartenders' faces, which is a little eerie. Typical lack of thinking by interior designers. The hotel was booked by a business relationship so the rate was very cheap.	
Nov 7 2006 	A bargain!	We had a great stay at Millennium Mayfair Hotel 27th - 30th October. This hotel has an excellent location - close to Oxford Street, Marylebone and Piccadilly. Furthermore, there are a good variety of restaurants and pubs within walking distance.The reception-staff was always very polite, helpful and with a smile, we did feel welcome and taken good care of.Big size room with a nice double bed and an ok bathroom. The rooms are very well furnished.This was our 4th stay at this hotel, and we have already booked a week in April 2007. We do recomend Millennium Mayfair Hotel, as we feel this hotel is a bargain.	
Sep 14 2006 	Bad night to stay	Stayed here on a Friday night when catching a show in the west end. As mentioned in other posts, the lobby is large and well furnished, and the room - which was on the 4th floor, just round the corner from the Lift - was fine though not outstanding with a desk and chair, double bed, TV, Ironing board and Iron. Our view was looking out the back of the hotel, not Grosvenor Square. The TV – not a flatscreen/HD so presuming my room was not one of the refurbished one mentioned – had such a bad reception it was not watch able, which for this stay wasn’t an issue as we were there to catch a show. Location is as mentioned in other post great, with only a quick walk to Bond Street tube station, Oxford Street or Regent Street. HOWEVER: We were there when a fund raising/benefit/party was being held. This meant loud music was played until 0130, stopping us from sleeping - and we were on the 4th Floor, hate to think what it was like for the people in the rooms below. Unfortunately a good nights sleep is high on my criteria, and while it might not occur often, or effect every room it blemished our stay..	
Sep 14 2006 	What a great place to stay!	What a lovely hotel!....friendly staff, clean, comfortable and so close to everything you need.	
Sep 8 2006 	A Decent Mayfair Hotel	With all hotels it's a question of what you're looking for.I travel to London on business regularly and stay overnight about a third of the time. I need somewhere comfortable but above all else quiet. This hotel delivers on those criteria.As other reviewers have noticed there's a refurbishment programme underway. It looks like the rooms at the front have been completed whilst further back they are a bit dingy and in need of brightening up. But the rooms away from the square are likely to be quieter.It's also worth bearing in mind that this is a 4.5 star hotel located in the middle of some of the most expensive real estate in the world. On this basis, some of the internet rates offered on the hotel website are very good value (anything under £200 a night in Mayfair is a bargain at busy times!). But don't be too shocked if you end up in an unrefurbished room. It will be interesting to see what happens to the rates when the refurb is complete.Rooms apart, this is a medium sized, quiet hotel with excellent staff in a great location. If you like a place with a buzz and lively bars this is not for you. If you want something which offers good value just one step down from 5 star then give it a try.	
Aug 22 2006 	Disappointed!	We had decided to &quot;upgrade&quot; our hotel booking in conjunction with a european tour we had arranged with our local travel agent. We had decided to extend our stay in London and added an additional 5 days at the Millennium to the end of our tour.Check in staff was both polite and helpful. The rooms that we were given were another story. They were dark, dingy and small. During our second stay at the hotel (our final five days) we were given one room that smelled of exhaust and a second room that had the view of a mass of large metal pipes on the first floor. I asked for the rooms to be changed and were givenrooms 456 and 464 on the fourth floor of the same wing. These were similiar to the rooms we had during the first part of our stay equally dark and dingy. The bath tub could only be filled using the shower head as there was no way to use the tub spout. The sink stopper was broken so you could not fill the sink with water. The blow dryer was upgraded to a modern model in only one of the four rooms we had occupied, the other rooms had a tube like apparatus that was too hot ot hold on to in less than one minute of attempting to dry ones hair. The room itsef was quite spartan with one desk and one chair. No magazines during our second room stay. We had a Where magazine in our first room. Toiletries consisted of shampoo, rinse, cake of soap and some cotton balls. A make up mirror was included in the bathroom but the electrical componets had been removed, therefore no extra light in an already dim room.I asked to have extra pillows,an iron and ironing board delivered to our room. The board was exactly that a painted piece of particle board. The iron shut off every time you ran it once over a piece of clothing and had to be turned up with each stroke until the dial was at maximum heat where it would completly shut off. We tried to order a movie one evening but the T.V. would not give us access to the avaiable listings. I had someone come into have a look he was able go and find a list of some of the available movies. He was able to access the one option that we were albe to find. He asked us where the written list of movies was that was supposed to be located in the room apparently we did not have one of those either. He was kind enough to go and locate one for us somewhere in the hotel however it was only a partial list. Our kids said that other options were available in their room during our first stay(our first room did not have the option of Blockbuster etc.). In short we did not get to see a movie. The gentleman who was trying to help us was very curteous but smelled so strongly of curry? that we had to try and sprinkle some powder round the room following his departure in an attempt to clear the air. (And I like curry!)During our 3 week holiday we visited a number of different hotels and were pleased with our accomodations, unfortunately our 10 days at the Millennium were our biggest dissappointment.	
Jun 5 2006	Loved it!	I stayed at this hotel at the bank holiday weekend and loved it! I read bad reviews on here after I had booked it so I emailed the manager. He reassured me that the hotel had undergone new management and all had worked hard to improve the hotel and promised allocation of a refurbished room. He continued to assist me with questions I later emailed to him and was a big help.Upon arrival at the hotel there was a few minutes wait for our room so we were offered a complimentary drink in the bar. When we got to our room there was a bottle of champagne for us as it was my husband’s birthday. Both of these gestures were really appreciated.We were very impressed with our room. It was decorated lovely, very clean and surprisingly big. We had two single beds put together to make a large king. There was also a sitting area, mini bar, tea coffee facilities and a view out to Grosvenor Square.I thought the whole hotel was decorated to a high standard and I found most of the staff to be very friendly and helpful.For its excellent location and yet very reasonable price this hotel cannot be faulted. Maybe just make sure you ask for a room overlooking the square!	
May 31 2006	A Tale of Two Hotels -- part I	Just returned from a wonderful, 8-night visit to London. My husband and I were traveling with his parents and this trip was his mother’s first to Europe, so a special occasion indeed. Not being as savvy of travelers as ourselves, we decided to handle hotel reservations -- we are familiar with just how expensive hotels can be in London and wanted to make sure we had comfortable and convenient accommodations. We’ve used Priceline during past visits to London and knew we could get a great place for a fraction of the cost. We had to split our stay because Priceline didn’t seem to have inventory for 8 straight nights for 2 rooms. For the first three nights, we stayed at the Millennium London Mayfair. We were a little disappointed at first, having stayed in the Thistle Charing Cross during our last visit to London, we were very spoiled with the location – not to mention, the reviews of the Millennium are quite mixed.Upon arrival (at 11am) we were told that one room was ready and the other would not be available until 2pm. We decided to let the parents take the available room since we knew they wanted to change and get rested. The room was average size (although my mother in law called it small – not used to Eurpoean hotels!) with 2 single beds and located on the 6th floor in a very quite area of the hotel. The bathroom was spacious, with large, thick towels, a towel warmer and an array of nice amenities including a shoehorn, sewing kit, q-tips and cotton balls. There were two robes in the closet as well as slippers, a trouser press, iron and loads of room. My husband was impressed by the wide screen HDTV, (not to be confused with a plasma), and there were plenty of channels to choose from. There was also a mini bar, a selection of complimentary teas and a hairdryer (located next to the mirror over the desk with a rather short cord). Overall, the room was comfortable and tastefully decorated… a little worn around the edges, but nothing worth noting. At 2pm, my husband and I were able to check in and were given a King room on the first floor. We were shocked when we opened the door to see the size of the room! It was enormous, even by American standards! There was a sofa, 2 chairs, coffee table, and small cushioned bench. The bathroom was also HUGE, complete with a shower and a tub, plenty of counter space (granite btw), a towel warmer, and the same amenities listed in the aforementioned paragraph. What was interesting is that this room did not include robes or slippers and did not have a mini bar. There was a note mentioning that the two bottled waters next to the complimentary teas were free since the room did not have a mini bar. The view from the window was directed at an interior air conditioning unit – no biggie. We felt guilty having such luxurious and spacious accommodations and decided we would switch with the parents. They graciously accepted the offer!Overall, I give this hotel an 8.75 out of 10. The lobby is large and inviting with plenty of seating. The entire staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating. The bed and room was comfortable and the shower had the best water pressure I have ever experienced in Europe! The location is in a quiet area just a short walk from Oxford, Bond and Regent Streets, but far enough away that you feel a little secluded from the hustle and bustle. We found a great little café for breakfast -- Truc Vert… just a short walk from the hotel – between Grosvenor Square and Oxford Street. We also had a few late night drinks in hotel bars -- the Brian Turner, a hip little place with great service, as well as in the Pine Room, where we had a (late night) sandwich and a few beers. Friendly staff, decent prices. I apologize for the length of this review, but wanted to be as thorough as possible. Having paid $160 on Priceline, I consider this hotel a tremendous value. We were actually a little disappointed that we had to switch for the remaining 5 nights of our stay! For “PART II” of my London hotel review, please see my post under the Thistle Charing Cross for information on how these two properties compare.	
May 30 2006	Lovely Hotel Great Location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights recently. My wife checked in first and I was going to meet her an hour or so later. To my dismay I got a call from from from her after she had checked in to tell me how awful, miserable and depressing the bedroom was. I was quite surprised because the hotel had generally got some good reviews on tripadvisor.com although my expectations are never particularly high for London hotels unless you stay in a 5* place and pay a lot of money. Anyway, I arrived at the room myself and my wife wasn't far wrong. The room was on the first floor and the window opened up to a brick wall with an air conditioning duct running the length of it. The room also had a very stale smell in the air, the carpet was threadbare and the bathroom was very dated. Basically it was desperately in need of some modernisartion. Anyway, no problem I thought so I went to reception to see if I could find a better room. The lady at reception could not have been more friendly and accomodating and promptly moved me in to a room on the 3rd floor (#317) which she told me was fully refurbished. What a difference. The room overlooked Grosvenor Square so you could see trees, grass and sky ! Everything was new (including the bathroom) and a total contrast to the first room we were given. So if you stay here request a refurbished room and don't be fobbed off with a tatty first floor unrefurbished room. Once the room was sorted everything else during out stay was perfect. The staff were polite; we had a fairly good dinner in Brian Turners Restaurant (food is OK but quite pricey for what it is) and slept brilliantly. The hotel is in an excellent and quiet location. So all in all I would fully recommend this hotel and it only falls short of 5/5 because all the rooms have not been refurbished.	
May 29 2006	Beware other reviews: good location and value!	We just got back from a 2 night stay there over the Bank Holiday and are pleased to be another satisfied customer to contradict the other appalling / harsh reviews. The room was fine: linen was all clean, deco was up-to-date, all facilities worked fine, power shower was fabulous, service was obliging. In short, everything you would expect from a 3-4* hotel.We got our room for a good rate off Priceline... it seems like the Millennium chain also do many deals with airlines and travel agents which would make them worthwhile. I did however find the bar prices a bit over the top... they were 4* prices but I find the standard rooms more like 3.5*.In its defence though, the location in Mayfair is wonderful. You couldn't really ask for a better location (quiet square as opposed to being on Oxford Street). Also, despite our room being bargain rate, the staff were happy to oblige us by giving us a double room (as opposed to the twin we were given).	
May 29 2006	Impressive service and location	First of all, the location is excellent for visitors to London. It's a short walk to Oxford Street (for public transport and mainstream shopping), to Hyde Park and to Bond Street. I was travelling with an elderly relative, so it was ideal to have so much on the doorstep including a big leafy square to sit in, and the lovely, quiet Mayfair streets and gardens to wander around. I've stayed in plenty of acclaimed hotels around the world, and think that the staff here were probably amongst the most helpful and friendly, often stopping to chat and very keen to fix any minor problems without making us feel as if it was any trouble. The whole stay was a feel-good experience. I'd made some requests in advance and they'd been noted, despite me being a cheapskate Priceliner. We had rooms overlooking Grosvenor Square and, as requested, not too far from the lift. They were on the small side compared to other rooms on the floorplan, but fine for our purposes with plenty of storage space. The desk was more antique-style than the rest of the furnishings and looked &quot;well-used&quot; but I felt it was OK to have some character in the room alongside the more modern furniture. Maybe the feel-good factor was influencing me there! The room was clean and well-stocked. There was space in the mini-bar to store some of our own bits and pieces. The TV was wide-screen with a good choice of international channels. I didn't use the pay-TV or anything else so can't comment on that. Broadband internet access in the room was £20 for 24 hours, £5 for 4 hours...that seemed pretty expensive to me but I don't often stay in London hotels (as a local resident) so don't know how it compares. It didn't appear on my bill and when I pointed that out it was waived anyway. There is wireless access in the business centre and free access in the club rooms. The safe in my room wasn't big enough to hold my older-style laptop; the first time I've come across that problem. Beds were nicely furnished and comfortable, and the rooms were quiet with no sound from adjoining rooms even though the hotel seemed very busy. There was hardly any street noise, especially at night. The windows were double-glazed but could be opened wide. The AC and heating seemed fine.The shower was incredibly powerful, and the heated towel rails were a good touch especially as we got drenched outside and needed to dry out some clothes.The exterior, public areas and corridors all looked good. Check-in and out was efficient; although the queues at check-out seemed a bit disorganised they were dealt with quickly. We didn't need a disabled room but found the disabled lift at the back a useful way to help my relative avoid using the ground floor stairs. Food is expensive - but then it's a Mayfair hotel. I found the prices at Brian Turner's restaurant similar to other nearby Mayfair hotels (or less, compared to somewhere like the Connaught just around the corner). We only breakfasted there once, as a treat, and the service and choice of food was excellent....staff offered to carry our plates from the buffet to the table while we carried on loading up, or were happy to fetch our choices themselves. We were told that when the celebrity chef is around he's happy to talk to customers. There was a pub, The Audley, with good food just around the back of the hotel, and plenty of little cafes and restaurants on nearby North Audley Street. The food hall at Selfridges was good for picnic food, as was M&amp;S, with plenty of cheaper options nearby too.I feel we did extremely well for the price we paid on Priceline, and I would be happy to return and pay more if necessary. I felt there was a real sense of pride about the place.	
May 29 2006	Great upscale hotel!	My husband and I booked a 3-night stay at the Millenium-Mayfair via Hotwire. We were very very happy with our choice! We checked in very late, and were given a &quot;slightly larger&quot; room by the check-in staff. No view (it was a back room on a low floor), but I didn't expect a fabulous room given the rate. The room was extremely luxe &amp; very very comfortable - definitely a 4+ star hotel (and I'm very very picky). We went downstairs and ate in the Pine Bar in the lobby the first night - it's a great spot if you're jetlagged, since it's open past 1am! Piano bar, lots of people smoking - yes, it really &quot;acclimates&quot; you to England very quickly. The hotel is in a good location - Mayfair/Grosvenor location, central to walking around London but it does get pretty quiet at night. I would definitely stay there again if I could!	
May 2 2006 	Stay Away!	Very very poor!!! Stay away at all costs!?!Rooms are cramped and in dire need of refurbishment. Window had a huge crack and room was constantly cold, when I complained they gave me extra blackets and a heater and didn't consider moving me to another room!To top that off an item of jewelery went missing from my room and manager dismissed my claim without investigation!?!	
Apr 23 2006	As I was walking 'round Grosvenor Square...	My wife and I stayed at the Millenium Mayfair Hotel for 1 night in March 2006. The night we stayed was our last night in Europe, before flying back to the States the next morning. Check in was fine, and we were pleasantly surprised that our room (#167) was larger than average for a London hotel. We had a view of the courtyard, where the taxi drop-off is located, and not a view of Grosvenor Square which would have been preferred. The bathroom was a little bit small, but big enough to get around, and the shower pressure wasn’t horrible. The biggest problem with our stay at the Millenium Mayfair was the noise coming from the courtyard. Maybe we just had the worst room location in the entire hotel, but we were literally right above the entrance way for cars. It was quite noisy outside all night with every arrival or departure that pulled in. Also that area seems to be used for trash removal, delivery trucks, and folks who like to walk outside and drag noisy barrels on the cobblestones. Also, the Millenium Mayfair advertises “satellite TV”. Perhaps my American definition of satellite TV is different from Europe, as compared to US standards it was a joke. We only rec’d about 15 channels, which normally I wouldn’t care about, but I was looking forward to a quiet night in the room, vegged out in front of some good telly watching. I also thought the hotel was a bit shabby for the price paid. The carpeting was in disrepair, and the décor looked straight out of 1955. There were some good things to say about the MM. The bed and comforters were extremely comfortable, and the breakfast spread (included in our rate) was very nice – the best we had in Europe. The location is very quiet. The closest tube stop is about 10 minutes away, but I liked that we were sort of isolated from the hustle and bustle of London, but still very close to all the main sights. And we didn't see 1 scarlet begonia in Grosvenor Square.	
Apr 14 2006	We loved this hotel!!!	My mother, two sisters, teenage daughter, 20 year old niece and I all stayed here the week after Christmas. We were so excited when we saw the location and the hotel!! The rooms were lovely and quite large in comparison to some of the other hotels my mother had stayed at in London. The staff was great. We loved the piano bar and the waiters and bartenders could not have been nicer. The piano player is terrific and it was a great place to end the evening after a day of sightseeing. Paul, the concierge helped us tremendously when we were seeking a good restaurant within walking distance and had some questions about bus tours of London, etc... The continental breakfast was included and we couldn't believe the variety offered. We can not say enough nice things about our stay there and I am so suprised by some of the negative reviews. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and believe me I am extremely picky.	
Apr 13 2006	Nice hotel for business travelers	I stayed in this hotel with my teenage daughter on her Spring Break from school for 6 nights. I selected it for its location, rooms, executive level, and services (laundry, concierge). We paid 172 pounds per night for a deluxe room on the executive floor. For this we got a sitting area and continental breakfast. I'd thought there was a dedicated concierge too, but I could be wrong - and I never saw that. Or perhaps the person attending the breakfast/snack/cocktail room also served as a concierge.Centrally located on Grosvenor Square which housed a beautiful park in the front of the hotel. It's just east of Park Lane, walk to Hyde Park in 2 minutes. We walked to Harrods, about 30 minutes. Quick walk to Bond Street Tube station (also Green Park).Many restaurants in walking distance. Cab from Heathrow was 56.00 pounds plus tip (eh, we had a lot of luggage). Checked in after midnight and were able to order room service (24 hours). Because we were so busy, we had room service several times. Always prompt, adequate to good-nothing to write home about. We used the laundry service twice and they were also good as well as prompt. We didn't use the bar, or eat in the restaurant (it seemed to be closed every time we wanted to eat). Had minor problems with key not working both in executive lounge and room - but they were quickly fixed. Room was very nice. Large, two closets, mini bar and hot water for tea/coffee. Twin beds, sofa, 2 chairs, coffee table. Bathroom was VERY nice with bidet and towel warmer, plenty of towels and toiletries that were restocked adequately. Bellman was very nice, doorman equally so. Taxi queue behind the hotel (even at 5:30am!). Front desk was very helpful with currency exchange, questions. Executive lounge had only sweets in the evening. I thought that was very odd for a cocktail hour. Perhaps I missed other hors d'oeuvres...as we only went once. The breakfast there was good though. Very tasty croissants and a coffee maker I wanted to take home in my suitcase (cocoa, espresso, latte, filter coffee all at the touch of a finger!). The best part was the concierge. We knew we'd need their help a lot and one in particular really delivered. I can't believe I never got his name so I could mention him. They were ALL good. But he was exceptional. He arranged several things for us and it was such a lovely change of pace to the typical service one gets so often these days. He was always overly enthusiastic about getting us what we wanted, even though I was ill and had a bit of a tough trip. I did think the hotel was really more for business travelers (I'm sure that's their target market), but I got everything I wanted while there. I have nothing negative to say at all. I would probably NOT spring for executive level again. We wanted it as a convenience factor for breakfast - and we DID use it, but it probably wasn't worth the difference in cost ONLY due to the exchange rate. It's a very typical increase as compared to the regular room rate...but of course that's doubled with the current US dollar conversion.	
Mar 21 2006 	Tired Old Heap	What a great location - Too bad it's stuck with this low rent hotel - Rooms are dingy, mine was missing a tv (&quot;stolen&quot; according to the front desk) - Bar service is surly, not British in the least, with totally overpriced drinks and soggy food - The &quot;gym&quot; has one rickety treadmill - Only good part was the club lounge whose manager and employees were all very nice and helpful - Bottom line: This is not Claridges but of course neither is the price	
Feb 25 2006	Loved the hotel	We booked two of the refurbished rooms facing the park opposite the hotel. And l am amazed at the negative reviews. I LOVED this hotel, amazing location, the largest room l have seen in London hotels with a large 3 piece suite and desk and the largest bed. Service was prompt and friendly. But most of all its close to everything. All easily walked in a matter of minutes. So all l can say is if you want an exceptional room book the refurbished 35sqm rooms and you will have the best experience.	
Feb 22 2006 	Forget to provide proper B	The hotel looks great and it's location is magnificent. But they seem to focus on the outside and forget the basic functions of a hotel: a good bed, breakfast and bath.My worst problem was that my room was hot and the window didn't open properly. Standing on a chair, using cutlery as a tool, I finally managed to open it 10 cm. I saw that the windows of other rooms were wide open, so it might have been a specific problem for my room.The showerhead was fixed to the wall. This might save them some cleaning, but it's impractical for removing soap from the body.I had booked bed-only on Millenium Hotels own website (without being aware of it). They ask GBP 16.50 for a breakfast which is outragious, so I had to go elsewhere.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Hotel!!	I stayed at the Mayfair with a friend to celebrate New Years Eve 2005. This was my fifth trip to London (although her first), and the hotel was great. Breakfast was better than the continental breakfasts I had at the other hotels I stayed in, with quite a good variety, including eggs, bacon and sausage. Our room was surprisingly spacious (most of the other Hotels I had stayed in had very small rooms), and was very clean. The bathroom could have been a little more updated, but again was clean and suited all purposes. The location is excellent, within easy walking distance of Park Avenue, Oxford Street and Regent Street. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again!!	
Dec 29 2005	It was mediocre	We stayed at this hotel because of the wonderful location (which it is), however, the hotel was having problems when we were there. They were doing construction on our floor so it was really dusty and noisy. Also, the air conditioner broker and the window in our room was broken so it was unbearably hot. We felt like we were stuck in a sauna. My fiance managed to jam a knife to prop the window open which helped a little. The hotel apologized but there was nothing they could do. They couldn't switch us to another room either because there was a conference. We spent a little over $200 each night and it definitely was not worth it. I probably won't come back to this hotel, even though the area it is in is so great.	
Dec 15 2005 	Stay somewhere else	This hotel will disappoint you, unless you have the lowest of expectations or little idea of value for money. I have stayed there on more than 2 occasions, in the vain attempt to give it a try – but the reality is that it is a tired, old hotel in desperate need of help – albeit in a good location. Bathrooms are old, showers poor, most rooms tainted with old cigarette smoke, and most with a frightening air-conditioning system which seems to be designed for sleep prevention. Breakfasts poor (and expensive), bar miserable and middle-aged. London is not an easy place to find value for money when it comes to accommodation, but this is not it. Spend about £25 extra and stay at the Metropolitan would be my advice.	
Dec 12 2005 	Central location - fine hotel possibly a little shabby around the edges	I stayed at the Millennium Mayfair for business.On arrival I made it to the lobby (no-one helped with my luggage though) and checked in. My room was a very large suite and I was pleasantly surprised by the grandeur.However, there was a constant 'knocking' sound coming from the bathroom - like hot water pipes knocking against each other. I went back to reception, who immediately changed my room for another - with the minimum of fuss.The next room was great - the decor was of high standard and tradtional english style. The bathroom was adequate - clean - however it felt a little tired and shabby.The room service breakfast was great (I never go down to breakfast when I'm on business) - proper, fresh cafetiere of coffee (no instant coffee here!), fresh flaky croissants and lovely toast and bread.My only gripe would be that the restaurant wasn't open on a Sunday night - I embarrassed myself by trying to get into it - and that the only food available is the room service menu, either served in the bar or your room.All in all, I'd be happy to stay at the Millennium Mayfair again when booking through priceline. I'm sure if you're a tourist though, you may want something slightly grander for the money.	
Dec 10 2005	Maybe I was not lucky...	... BUT my bathroom had a water leak : dark water soaked from the tilled floor (disgusting), MOREOVER there was a wedding party in the hotel on the Saturday night : the walls were vibrating until 2AM and TO FINISH, there were some labour working on early Monday morning in the room next to mine.Otherwise, the hotel is very well placed and the bedroom was nice.	
Oct 15 2005	nice hotel but questionable practices...	Well let me be fair and start by saying that this hotel is very nice, clean and was exceptional for the price. location is fabulous within walking distance from all of the bond street shopping and bond street tube stop which makes for easy access to all tourist attractions as well as to the airports.However...when we arrived VERY late at night around midnight we were informed that the room we had PREPAID for about 3 months ago was not available. In fact, the entire hotel was booked and they apologized and said they would move us to a &quot;sister&quot; hotel in Knightsbridge. Of course, since I had prepaid for a room in Mayfair we did not agree to this plan. I insisted that they put us up in a four star hotel in the area which was what we paid for. After getting about one step away from furious these people finally agreed to put us up in the nearby Marriott hotel. He said he had to go confirm this with his superior, but when he returned he stated that a suite had &quot;all of the sudden&quot; become available. It seemed to me they didn't want to pay for the Marriott and coughed up a suite for us which was what made their level of honesty a bit questionable for me. Overall, though the hotel was nice, clean, and located in an ideal place for doing the tourist thing. I probably wouldn't stay here again though just because of how we were treated upon arrival.	
Oct 7 2005	Loved the Location Loved the Service	We were actually here on a trip with a large group for the company I work for. The room was not as large as we would have liked, but who spends time in it anyway?? The queen size bed was extremely comfortable and soft, and we slept great-that's all we cared about! The room was tastefully decorated and had a great view of Grosvenor Square. The location of this hotel is unbeatable-so close to Oxford and Bond Streets, Piccadilly, and Buckingham Palace is about a half mile away. We even walked back to the hotel after seeing a show on Saturday night in the West End, and it only took us 30 minutes- and we felt SAFE.The best thing about this hotel was the service- Nic, Paul, Frederick- the concierges- and also the barstaff was fabulous. Even the maids were friendly and had your room cleaned by the time you got back from breakfast. Nic is the go-to guy for restaurant reservations, cabs, any London info and any hotspots. Everyone went above and beyond to accomodate us. Remember that getting cabs and restaurant reservations are tough on the weekends. Sunday evenings are especially tough to get a cab because not too many of them are out-so let the staff know when you want a cab early! Go to the Audley Pub for drinks and lunch and to the Richoux for breakfast, tea or dessert. One more thing- we did not have a hair dryer in our bathroom. Some rooms did, some didn't. Bring your own-I do anyway- and they have the 3-prong plug in the room. We also had an iron and ironing board. Like that's what I want to be doing- but we did use it.Enjoy your stay there and don't be overly critical- it's a great place!	
Oct 6 2005	Posh!	I don't think I have ever stayed in a hotel this posh before! The room was huge with a sitting area, flat screen TV, king bed and great desk/working area. The bathroom was marble and had a real bathtub! Internet access was in the room via ethernet cable and costs 5 quid for 4 hours, the breakfast was outstanding in quality of choice and taste. Very helpful staff at the desk as well. I was here on a company trip, with the price there was no way I could have stayed here on my own (company rate was 130 pounds per night, tax additional). Only gripe would be that is was a longer than advertised walk to the Bond Street station (and less direct). Otherwise I could not give any negative feedback!	
Sep 13 2005	Very comfy	We were moved from the dreadful Copthorne Tara and felt immediately more at ease. The manager showed us to our room linen and bed were great, it smelled clean and fresh view was great and the staff were discreet and helpful. Despite the AC being broken, the lift not working and them not transferring our stay completely I still loved my stay!!	
Sep 3 2005	Good enough	We stayed four nights for 100 USD per night, courtesy of priceline. Given the bargain basement price, we were satisfied with what we got - clean, comfortable, spacious (for london) rooms with decent and tasteful decor. That said, the hallway - carpeting and doorframes were pretty beat up. The walls had more than the usual acceptable amount of scuffing and our window had a taped-up crack in it. The electrical outlets for our computer didn't work, either. When we called to ask about it, the desk said, &quot;they're old, they don't work.&quot; The hotel just needs some TLC from people who care. It is undergoing a renovation, so it will be interesting to see how it cleans up ... but then, that probably means we won't be getting in for 100 USD in the future.	
Jul 6 2005	Satisfactory low 4* hotel near to shopping 	Stayed here for three nights in mid June 2005 in a standard double room. Very friendly and helpful staff. Hotel was moderately tired. It’s like a well-maintained 5 years old car with minor dents and scratches but functional if you know what I mean. The hotel was designed with 3 lifts but 1 was “permanently” out of service leaving only 2. The wait for a lift during the morning “peak” period could be long. Air conditioner was noisy but worked very well during the 32°C+ heat wave. Room size was about average and was clean and tidy. Bathroom amenities were very basic. Location is okay, about 10~15 minutes’ walk at leisurely pace to the Bond Street tube station and Oxford Street. Not exactly close but within walking distance. Green Park tube station is about 20~25 minutes’ walk. There is a SPAR convenience store just around the corner from the hotel as well as a post office about 5~10 minutes’ walk towards Regent Street. My room rate did not include any meal and the breakfast buffet was £17.5. I did not try any of the restaurants at the hotel. There were many other restaurants nearby, especially towards Oxford Street. This is a good low 4* hotel and shall stay here again if the room rate is competitive.	
Jul 4 2005	It was great wonderful room	Stayed whilst attending a wedding with the reception just round the corner. Therefore chose the hotel due to loaction. What an excellent suprise, the large room was spotless with a huge King bed, sofa, coffee table and chairs along with complementary fruit etc.Bathroom had good quality fittings and everything we needed. Did we just get lucky? Don't know but ask for room 414 it was great and overlooks the park.We did not use the resturants, bars or room service they all apeared pricy but probably what to expect in this part of London.Shop around on the internet for the best rate, we paid £99. I think this represented excellent value for money.	
Jun 13 2005	Spoil yourself	14 of us chose this hotel for the trooping the colour weekend on June 11th.Some of our crowd had never been to London before!So you can only imagine their faces as we entered Grosvenor Square and saw the fabulous facade of the hotel.The rooms were very nice indeed.a few minor details could be pointed out that could be improved upon,but that would be being too picky.After a few drinks around the Mayfair area of Shepherd market,we meandered back to the &quot;Pine bar&quot; at the hotel.If you stay there,make a point of getting to know &quot;Derek&quot; the fabulous resident pianist.We requested all manner of tunes.From Elton John,to Andy Williams.from ballads to rock and roll...........He never failed to come up with the goods.He learned all our names and it was a pleasure to spend time around his piano.Great hotel.Impressive location.Helpful staff.We'll definitely be back.One tremendous weekend.&quot;Double thumbs up&quot;	
May 23 2005	This hotel is FAB!!!	This hotel is great, the staff are very helpful and polite.The room was lovely with view overlooking the park.Drinks are a little pricy but it is to be expected.Great location with Oxford Street on a few mins walk away.Would go back to this hotel without qustion!!	
May 12 2005	Thought it was great!	I stayed at the hotel last weekend for my birthday and first trip to London, and must say both me and my boyfriend loved it! We were quite impressed with the room, it was above average and we had a huge widescreen tele too. The location of the hotel was lovely, there was a little park in the middle of the square and because the weather was so nice it was lovely to sit and have a picnic! We didnt actually shop or eat around Mayfair as we wanted to travel round but we seen plenty of options! The staff seemed friendly enough too. There was only two little problems really and that was that the room tended to get very warm on the night and also the maid decided to hoover the room next to us at 8.00 am on a Sunday morning, she made lots of noise and seemed to be clanging about! The nearest tube is Bond Street, and its only a 5 minute stroll. I definitely recommend this hotel if you want somewhere centrally located to all the sites and enjoy a more peaceful area.	
May 8 2005	Good hotel in a great location	We stayed at this hotel principally for the location but were pleased at the room and service offered from this hotel.As my wife was running the London Marathon we looked for a hotel near to the Jubilee Line, but away from the hustle-and-bustle of London to ensure my wife got a good night's sleep. The hotel is on Grosvenor Square - very close to the American Embassy. Grosvenor is 5 minutes walk from both Oxford Street and Picadilly.We mentioned the marathon to reception when we checked in and they upgraded us to a room on their executive floor, 7. The room was lovely and well appointed.Yes the hotel restaurant is pricey - its Head Chef is Brian Turner, who is a well recognised English celeb chef. But who really eats in Hotel restaurants? Go for a walK to South Audley Street and you will find fantastic Italian, English, Fish and Chinese restaurants all within a short walk.You will no doubt find better hotels elsewhere in London but I really love the area and would return to the hotel.	
Apr 26 2005	Absolutely atrocious customer service.	We got transferred to this hotel after our original hotel gave our room away to another guest who had decided to prolong their stay. (That's a completely different rant, especially considering the fact that we had paid for our room in advance.) Because of this, we were told we would get an upgraded room at the Mayfair, but our room ended up being a smoking room with two twin beds when our original reservation had been for a double bed in a non-smoking room. Additionally, the shower didn't work, and there was a cigarette burn in the bedsheet. The staff had absolutely no empathy for us whatsoever. They were incredibly dismissive and condescending. And wait -- it gets even better: When we asked the concierge for a restaurant recommendation, he at first suggested the very high-priced hotel restaurant. Of course, this was out of our budget, so we asked him for another suggestion. He actually had the nerve to recommend McDonald's. I kid you not.	
Apr 25 2005	fulfilled our expectations	We booked for a one night stay at this hotel with lastminute. We got a good rate and then having checked reviews on trip advisor we were worried we had made a mistake. Thankfully this was not the case. On check in we were given a huge room with a kingsize bed. Our room was spotlessly clean and the service we received was excellent.The area is so quiet we almost forgot we were in london, the temperature in the room was just right .The bathroom was very luxurious. All in all we had a most comfortable stay and will definately return to this hotel on our next visit to London.	
Apr 22 2005 	Stay Away	Left a large note on the bed to point out that the sheet had been stained before use. Asked for a clean sheet. This was ignored. Lodged a complaint with the hotel at checkout. Have received no reply or apology in over two weeks. I will stear clear of this hotel chain. They do not deserve your business. I am about to write a complimentary review of another London hotel.	
Apr 9 2005	Terrible place ----avoid--- 	Check in at at 14.00 room available at...15.50 ! No apologies, no empathy, no explanation, nothing ! Visit from a chamber person who...did not knock the door ! Manager, Indian looking person, very unkind, avoiding eye contact, excuses, excuses, excuses, somebody was late, it is not our fault.Pricy brekfast after a long queue. Very loud piano bar open till 3 o'clock full of drunk non-residents and doggy looking ladies.Millennium Mayfair - N E V E R A G A I N !	
Mar 25 2005 	Shabby and dingy	I stayed at this Hotel from March 6 -10 2005. I chose it based on the reviews/price/location. The location for me was the best part of the stay: walking distance between Oxford and Bond Streets. The room was spacious but worn and spotted. The bathroom was in need of rennovation, but it was clean. Some of the towels had a musty smell. The corridors had blue stains on the carpet, and sometimes redolent of a nursing home. The buffet breakfast was costly, limited in selection, and mediocre. Likewise the food served in the hotel, other than in Turners highly regarded restaurant, was substandard and disappointing. The staff was courteous and professional. At the bar, I overheard other guests complaining about their shabby rooms and dingy hallways. I am returning to London very soon, but not to this hotel.	
Mar 20 2005	Nice	Nice but not at rack rate. We paid £70 per night. For this ok value although tube stations are 10 mins walk away.Staff helpful.	
Mar 2 2005	brill place especially the Concierge	A bit delayed but had a fantastic weekend break at the Millennium Mayfairrooms were lovely big especially for London. had breakfast and dinner which were both superb in Turners. The highlight for me was the ConciergeNick/Paul/Micheal and Fredrick. All four have a high knowledge of London and all very chatty and friendly, nothing was not to much trouble. I book theatre tickets and a Sightseeing tour trough them and had great seats and the tour was great.I would definelty go back again.Many thanks Millennium keep up the Good Work.	
Jan 30 2005	Wonderful Service At The Millennium Mayfair	My husband and I celebrated our 8th wedding anniversary in London during October 2004 and were so pleased that the Millennium Mayfair exceeded our expectations in every way!The service was impeccable. Our room was spacious, beautifully furnished (even fresh flowers), and very comfortable.The concierge, Nick, was a tremendous help to us. His recommendations for dining were excellent and his assistance with the coordination of transportation from/to the airport was just perfect. The rest of the staff, including the ladies on the club floor and in the business center were always professional, friendly and helpful. The entire staff at the Millennium Mayfair made our first visit to London a truly memorable experience and we thank them!The Mayfair is located in a beautiful part of London, with wonderful shops and dining within walking distance. We will ALWAYS recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London.	
Jan 27 2005	Fantastic! +++++++ hotel	Stayed here with my family between 22-25th of Januar 2005 for the third time all together. As always service and the hotel was superb. We got a very spaciuos room and it was perfect since we were travelling with our son of almost two years old (that need space for playing with toys etc).Clean and modern room, I would rate it as a 5-star hotel. Compared to other hotels in London we stayed with, this hotels is certaintly the best one. Close to Oxford streets and tubes (less than 5 minutes walk) and with a beautiful park just outside the hotel makes the hotel both central and calm.We give our best recommendation to this hotel. Will stay again, again and again!	
Dec 13 2004	was just ok	Hotel is located in a excellent situation. Just beside oxford street, regent street etc. Very close to tube stations on oxford St. Few bad things that I would have to say about it. Hotel is a 4 star, I would say it should only be a 3 star. Bedroom was freezing on arrival and had problems closing window so had to get someone up to have a look at it. Heating didn't seem to work either so had asked for a heater to be brought up which they never did. Also the bathroom was very small and they only left 2 towels for the 2 of us so no towels for hair etc. Also no extra pillows or blankets to keep us warm during the night.We got it on priceline so for the price, it was great value but if I had ti pay full price, I would probably pick somewhere else. The only great thing about it is the location &amp; the price we got from priceline	
Nov 27 2004	My favourite London hotel!!	I absolutely love this hotel. My fiance takes me there every year for my birthday and it is always wonderful. We do pay extra for a superior room and I think that makes a big difference so I would highly recommend it. They are larger rooms with sitting areas and the beds are soooo comfy! Breakfast is my favourite and if you are lazy like me then have it brought up to your room!! Staff have always been more than helpful especially with parking the car and handling our luggage. We are coming up to London this month for a company christmas do and we have chosen a Radisson hotel which is closer to the location and I am sure it will be wonderful but if I am honest... I will miss the Millenium and will be back next year :0)	
Nov 25 2004	very nice	Stayed here two nights (11/20-22) after getting this hotel on priceline for $100 a night. This is great price for london. The hotel is in a good location...3 blocks off Oxford St and the Bond St. tube stop. It is on a quiet square with the US and Canadian embassies. The hotel itself is quite nice, but not flashy. My room was just fine for the price...decent size (though SMALL bathroom). There is a slightly worn feel to the place, but it still just fine for london. I would be happy to get this hotel again at that price.	
Oct 12 2004	Had an Excellent stay	I just came back from London yesterday, and I want to tell you all that this hotel is an excellent choice if you get a good deal on it. I've paid $111 a night and it was worth every dollar. I arrived at 10a.m and had my room in 45 minutes (event though the check in time is at 2:00). I also requested a club room which gave me access to the club lounge that had brakefast and all day snacks. I paid the extra 30 pounds per night for that, but I've got a bigger room on the 6 floor. The room was huge for a european hotel, the only problem I've encountered was that the bathroom door was so old that the handle broke and the door couldn't be closed. other than that, i had no problem with the hotel. The location is excellent, It's right next door to both the American and Canadian embassies and about 2 minutes walk to the middle of oxford street. It also took me only 10-15 minutes to walk to the backingham palace. So you can see that the location is excellent. That's all I have for now, and for future travelers please note that the closes tube station to the hotel is oxford street station, inspite what they told me in the hotel. Because if you exit at the green park station you have to take a cab or walk 10-15 minutes, but from oxfoerd street station ( even though it requires you to change trains in green park station) it's only about 5 minute walk.	
Oct 5 2004	Good location staff very helpful - small bathroom!!	Stayed here for a long weekend in Oct 2004. Got a great deal from Priceline (£55 per room/night), not bad for a four-star in London. Impressive building, rooms ok in size but bathroom tremendously small. Thought the small bathroom was due to my particular room, asked for room to be changed. Reception were ok enough on this, however discovered the new bathroom was just as small.Bar and restaurant served good food and drink. Room service expensive.Staff were very helpful, could not fault this. Stay for Sat &amp; Sun was better, come Monday security around the US embassy was a bit oppressive. Would stay again, but would consider room upgrade to a Club.	
Jul 26 2004	good hotel in quiet neighborhood	Good hotel and definitely worth the 45 GBP I spent for the night. The rooms were large and spacious opening up into a quiet court yard. It takes 15 minutes to walk to any one of the 3 nearest Tube stations, but maybe that's a good thing. An all and all good hotel. Probably needs a little refurbishment, but still good.	
Jul 8 2004	Very nice hotel	The Millinium Mayfair is a wonderful hotel. We got it on priceline for $90 per night for the July 4th weekend. Can't beat that price. The location was great...walking distance to many things and the hotel was clean, the piano bar was great and the rooms were very nice and larger than usual for London hotels.The only downside were the prices for food and drinks in the hotel. VERY expensive. One should eat and drink somewhere else.	
Jun 22 2004	absolutely terrible!!	My husband and I pre-booked - and pre-paid for a twin room at the Millennium Mayfair Hotel.On checking in at 2.40pm (check in was from 2.00pm) we were told there was a slight problem with the booking. They had in fact let our room to another person - even though we had already paid for it !We had to take a single - the only room left in the hotel, and they would provide an additional bed (which we were assured would not be a camp bed). Anyway the camp bed arrived, so we refused it as I did not pay to sleep on a camp bed and also the room was a single sized room.We asked for an additional cup for the tea and coffee facilites in the room, as there were only facilities for the one person. This took two hours to arrive. We asked to speak to the manager who never did arrive.I went to recetion that evening to tell them I was not happy, and we were given two complimentary breakfasts for the next morning.We had a very uncomfortable night, and after a fire alarm, and a false wake up call in the morning, continued to the restaurant for our complimentary breakfasts.We checked out - informing them also at reception that the mini bar had not been re-filled from the previous guests, and the seal had been broken. We were informed that this was alright and that there was nothing to pay on checkout.I arrived home and two days later an invoice arrived for £17.50 - one cooked breakfast, and they had already taken the money from my bank account without my authorisation.I telephoned the manager who did not return my call, and on telephoning for the third time was told that it would be looked into to the next day - and basically if I was telling the truth then they would pay the money back into my account.I was also told that these things take time, and I was to phone again to make sure his had been done ?! I wish I had never heard of the Millennium Hotel in Mayfair - I do not know how they can claim to be 4 star or whatever they are. It really is an unprofressional operation, and I can only think the managers deal with complaints 24/7, as they always seem to be dealing with 'an emergency'	
Jun 15 2004	Nice hotel	I stayed 2 nights at the hotel, and was a bit nervous given the somewhat mixed reviews. Yes, the hotel isn't brand new or particularly opulent, but the location is great, it's still a nice hotel, and the staff were friendly and accomodating. Even though I'd only booked a standard room, when a king room became available, the staff graciously let me move. The king room was quite nice. As with most european hotels, the decor and furnishings weren't the newest but that's been my experience at most 4 &amp; 5 star hotels in Europe. It was comfortable and I have no complaints!!	
Jun 1 2004	I WILL stay here on the next visit	I've read the other reviews and I don't know what all of the complaints are about. We stayed in this hotel in March 2004 and we couldn't be more pleased. Staff was professional and helpful, room was clean, bathroom was huge, and king size bed was unexpected at the mere $95 we bid on Priceline.com. Mind you it was bitter cold and snowing this time of year, but if you're looking for a Marriott like hotel near shopping, in a quiet location and at an affordable price, stay here.	
May 7 2004	A good hotel a fine stay	I stayed at this hotel for eight nights just after Easter. The room was large, the furniture, though showing signs of wear, was of good quality, the king bed was comfortable, and the decor was pleasant. The hall carpets are a bit worn, and there was a large gap in the wall covering opposite my room door (633) which was not worked on at all while I was there. Staff were uniformly helpful, and a repair request was attended to immediately. The only problematic area was housekeeping -- thorough but the schedule was unpredictable. I like to take a nap in the afternoon, and could never quite figure out when they would be there. My one disappointment was the price of food and drink -- £20 or so for breakfast. Stratospheric.I found the security arrangements -- armed police, comcrete barricades, wire fences -- around the American Embassy, at the western end of Grosvenor Square, oppressive. As an America I wish that we could somehow provide needed protection that is not so grimly visible.	
Apr 27 2004	Great sized deluxe rooms	Got upgraded to deluxe room on 2nd floor (room 255). Room was massive with separate sitting area, king size bed, cable TV, tea making facilities, complimentary magazines, minibar. Bathroom was enormous with separate walk in shower and bath. Also had separate dressing room containing full length mirror, trouser press, ironing board etc. Room was always cleaned thoroughly and was never disturbed by housekeeping. Standard of room was high, though view could have been better (was of industrial courtyard not Gros Sq).	
Apr 20 2004	Great location mediocre hotel	I stayed at Millennium Mayfair for two nights in August of 2003. The location is perfect - quiet neighborhood, close to the beautiful Hyde Park, Park Lane, Buckingham Palace. The hotel itself is, for the lack of a better word, cramped. It is in need of a major renovation. The lobby is small, noisy, and is just not the most welcoming place. The room was small, stuffy, and dark, with very old furniture to complete the grim picture. The view from the window was a shaft-like inner yard of the hotel - also not a pretty picture. The only US-type electrical outlet did not work. The breakfast was adequate, but overpriced (compared to US hotels), and one morning we had to wait in line for at least 20 minutes to get it. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, however, (except for waitresses and especially waiters in the breakfast room). Overall, I would recommend the location, but not the hotel.	
Feb 29 2004	Will not stay again!	Good location, but need major renovation. Also they need to re-train their staff. I stayed in 2 rooms with my family. Room was big and had nicely renovated bathroom, but room itself needs renovation. We stayed in February(winter) and a window in one of our room didn't close properly and air-condition didn't work so the room was so cold! We complained, but they couldn't fix the problem. On the day of departure, housekeeper knocked our door just after 8:00AM when we were still sleeping and knocked again shortly after. Was she trying to check us out before check-out time? It was most unprofessional 4 star hotel I ever stayed.	
Jan 28 2004	Millennium Mayfair More Than Fair!	Just returned from a 3-night stay at the Millennium Mayfair and could not have been more pleased! We actually &quot;won&quot; a bid on Priceline for our stay ($90 USD/night) and got more than just a good deal.The hotel is ideally located in the Mayfair district of London. It is a quick walk to the Bond Street tube station and the bustling and vibrant Oxford Street with great shopping and neat cafes and restaurants!We upgraded to a deluxe room on the 7th floor (Club level) and I would highly recommend doing the same. The upgrade cost us approximately $40 USD/night (making our overall stay approx. $130 USD/night...a bargain if you know London!). The rooms on the 7th floor are more recently remodeled and are simply nicer than what you'll find elsewhere in the hotel (we were initially given a standard room on the 4th floor until our deluxe room was ready on our first day...big difference!). The 7th floor is brighter, cleaner and appears more luxurious than other floors in the hotel. Plus, a room on the 7th floor gives you access to the Millennium Club where complimentary light food and drink (including alcohol) are available a good part of the day and night. Yes, you can have a glass of French wine in the Millennium Club at night without having to pay $10-12 USD for the same downstairs in the bar! Even champagne is available! In short, if you can upgrade to the 7th floor it would be well worth your effort!I would not hesitate to stay at the Millennium Mayfair again.	
Dec 15 2003	Ok but needs an update	Stayed here in late November 2004. Booked a good rate (99 GBP). Liked the location, close to shops and restaurnants. US embassy is nearby and security arrangements have made it look quite ugly, but nothing to be done about that. Rooms were stuffy. Stuffy to the point that my travel companion felt like he couldn't breath well in the hotel. Room size was adequate. Staff was helpful. I'd return here if I got a good deal.	
Nov 17 2003	Great Location	My sister and I stayed at the Millennium for a week in Nov. We had a small twin bed room, nice marble bath, didn't have a view which would have been nice. The daily service of the room was fair, but we didn't spend much time in it as we were always hanging out in the club lounge which we paid extra for and thought it was well worth the money. It is a private lounge on the 7th floor. We went to breakfast there each morning, it overlooked the city. Nice fruit,yogart, great breads and rolls,juice and coffee and tea. Only thing missing were eggs which I can leave in England. The afternoon they serve tea and cakes. I would head there instead of my small room after a day of walking all over london. Before going out in the evening they would serve great hord. made by the world famous chef from the downstairs rest. and serve champagne, wine or beer for free. So this made up for a small room. We went to the hotel restaraunt for dinner one evening... expensive, but yummy. The people and staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. Location great about 2 blocks walk to the tube. Safe pretty location. very expensive, but everything in London we found very expensive so I guess it was average. I would stay there again, but get the club upgrade.	
Nov 10 2003	Not returning to this hotel	My wife and I recently returned from London where we stayed 3 nights at Millenium Mayfair. The location is grand -- very near Oxford Street. However, the hotel itself seems to cater to tourists and the guests are very noisy. In addition, some guests like to congregate in the small lobby of the hotel for hours at a time. The hotel maintenence staff does a very poor job of keeping the place clean and tidy. We shall not return!	
Oct 5 2003	Great location good rooms	Millenium Mayfair is right on a lovely square, 2 short blocks to Oxford Street--great location! Hotel blends in with embassies and diplomats' homes. Larger exec. rooms are well worth the additional cost. Breakfast was expensive and not worth it--better to walk down to Oxford St. and grab a bite. Neighborhood is not well lit at night--walking, although safe (I was told), seemed a bit spooky.	
Sep 21 2003	Loved the Millenium Mayfair Hotel		
Jul 29 2003	Great Location...Fine Hotel!		
Jul 8 2003	very nice hotel		
Jul 6 2003	Great hotel in a convenient neighbourhood!		
Jul 5 2003	Loved it		
Jul 5 2003	Good value		
Jun 12 2003	Great experience		
Apr 17 2003	Really nice experience		
Apr 15 2003	Great Hotel		
Feb 22 2003	Millennium Mayfair		
Oct 25 2009 	hotel de derniere minutes		
Oct 18 2009 	Hotel Millennium Mayfair London - äusserst zentral und gute Adresse		
Jul 22 2009 	?????		
Apr 10 2009 	Séjour très agréable		
Apr 3 2009 	Potenziale ancora da sfruttare		
Mar 17 2009 	Très bon hôtel!		
Feb 9 2009 	Ottimo		
Jan 5 2009 	una vera sorpresa		
Jun 17 2008 	Bien mais...		
Jun 6 2008 	extraordinaire hotel		
Dec 28 2007 	Maravilloso hotel tranquilo		
Jul 21 2007 	indimenticabile		
