	Will always check here first when staying in London	This was our second stay at the London Elizabeth and we will definitely look into staying again. There is no denying that it is tired and shabby in places but it is only chips and cracks. It is clean and comfortable and has such character. Our first room was quite small but we must have been happy with it as we booked again for our next London trip and our room this last weekend was spacious with two armchairs, fireplace, desk and wardrobe. There was street noise this time but it didn't really bother us. The room was too warm for me but most hotels are (there was air conditioning but we didn't turn it on). There are no tea or coffee facilities so we took our own travel kettle etc, there is no fridge but we found a ledge outside the window to put the milk on. The location is brilliant, (google it, it has street view), bus stop outside, seconds away from Lancaster Gate tube and minutes walk from Kensington Gardens, few more minutes from Hyde Park. We (in our mid fifties) easily walked to and back from the Royal Albert Hall (takes about fifteen - twenty minutes). All staff we met were friendly, check in staff were brilliant and very helpful. There is a lovely pub just around the corner called The Swan. Breakfast comes with the room and on this occasion the bread rolls were stale, but you do have cereals, tinned fruit, yoghurt and fresh blueberry muffins. There were croissants, pastries and some brioche but we didn't have those so can’t comment on the freshness of them. I should add that the breakfast last time (end June) was much better. Both times though, for two of us, with breakfast it didn't cost £80 for everything and at that price (in London) it is a bargain. If you can afford to pay more, maybe you should do so, but if on a budget, I would definitely try this.	
Nov 24 2009 	Lack of security	I stayed for two nights late sept 09. While attending a meeting in London on the 30th I decided to leave my laptop in my room on the 4th floor. I placed my laptop in the bottom of my suitcase under my clothes. On returning to the hotel around 8.30pm, I found my laptop had been stolen. No forced entry to the room indicated a ' inside job' however this was strenuously denied by the hotel management.The owners and management were unhelpfull in offering any recompense for my losses other than an offer of £100.00 and a free nights accomodation, after some badgering they relented and refunded the cost of my stay. So my £1500.00 laptop is no longer. Warning do NOT leave valuables in this hotel.	
Nov 17 2009 	Staff is so pleasant I would definitely come back to this hotel	The staff really made the hotel great. Very friendly and accommodating. Cute bar, right across the street from the Lancaster Gate tube station and the park. Room service was prompt, tasty and not too expensive. Would stay again - thanks to my travel agent for booking it.	
Oct 20 2009 	A fine old hotel	I stayed in the Victorian room.The room was spacious.Large by London standards.The free internet was great and the free continental breakfast was filling.The front office staff were great and very helpful.Good senses of humour and exemplary attitudes.The location of the hotel is very convienient within walking distance of paddington station and overlooking Hyde Park with Lancaster gate underground station 100metres away.Highly recommended.(Anyone can find faults in a hotel if they look hard enough.If you dont like traffic noise ask for a back room not facing the street)However if you want a reasonably priced hotel in a great location with excellent staff the Elizabeth is worth consideration.	
Oct 2 2009 	Good hotel room maybe bit small but excellent location	Me and 2 friends of mine stayed at this hotel in december 2006 after the christmas days.The room was too big but we could still move around the beds to our stuff. Bathroom was big enough.The elevator is so tiny!! I rather take the stairs with my suitcase then even trying to get into the elevator!Location of Hotel right next to Hyde Park and a subwaystation (With a much bigger elevator!) is spot on. Shopping isn't too far walking either.	
Sep 27 2009 	A good base for visiting London.	Regular visitor. All the staff we met were friendly and helpful. You get the impression they really want you to enjoy your stay. Convenient for Paddinton Station. Close to Hyde Park, many Camra pubs, bus stops, and tube. (Ask for a quiet room).	
Sep 5 2009 	Fantastic taste of London	My partner and I stayed here in June 2009 for our first overseas trip together. After reading the reviews before we booked, I would have to agree that this hotel is great value for money. It's in a fantastic location, something my partner and I consider to be very important.It is literally across the road from Lancester Gate tube station which is more efficient in travelling around London then taxis.The hotel gives a lovely taste of London, however is not overly flashy. Our room was very small and quite basic. If you can deal with that then this is the hotel for you. The breakfast was also basic.If we were to return we would most likely stay again and I would definately recommend it to family and friends that were looking for accomodation that is reasonable but not 5 star.	
Sep 1 2009 	Think carefully before staying here ...	If you are willing to compromise on quality of accommodation for the location then maybe this place is for you. The bathroom was water damaged (complete with rotting wood around the hand basin, bath and bathroom door). We asked to change to another room and were told that they had only one other room available and the one we were in was in better condition. We were in room G19. We will be seeking a refund for our stay - it was extremely poor. Someone else mentioned Faulty Towers in their review - I agree absoutely faulty!	
Aug 29 2009 	I definitely recommend this hotel	Very cleanGreat location: Cross the street to Hyde Park, cross the street from the other side and you're in Lancaster Gate tube station, just a stop away from Marble Arch, followed by Bond Street and Oxford Circus stations.Professional staff, get advice on where to go and how to get there with maps and guides. Free Internet AccessWhen it gets warm, rent an AC This hotel is suitable for single people and families alike. It felt like home and I would definitely recommend it for the readers.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location on the Edge of Hyde Park but small room.	We are a young couple in our mid 20's &amp; We stayed in the london Elizabeth Hotel for 1 week when we first moved to London from Australia. The hotel i located in a great location across the road from Hyde Park &amp; close to the Lancaster Gate Tube Station. the room was an awkward triangular shape &amp; cosy. the heating was good, bed was comfortable but we were bummed as their was no fridge. Other than that a nice spot. Small lift. Free wi-fi.	
Aug 3 2009 	Never Again	I was originally booked to stay 7 nights but checked out after only one night - and that was from a double deluxe room. I pity the poor guests in the standard rooms. On the plus side, the hotel has a great location, an average breakfast and the staff does try. However, the negatives far outweigh the positives. This old townhouse hotel has potential however the emphasis is on 'old'. Throughout the hotel the woodwork and paint are badly chipped, wallpaper is peeling, bed linens are old and upholstery is threadbare. The hotel is tired and and shabby - 'not shabby chic' and appears dark and a bit seedy. The lobby &amp; bar are both dingy and dark. The major issue, especially for someone traveling on business, is the poor internet service. It took hours to get online and required assistance of front-desk staff and external technician. Was told it was just my computer but I then saw others lined up in the lobby with their laptops also trying to get online. This hotel badly needs a serious refurbishment, upgrading and some general TLC. I could have stayed, but why, when there are so many nicer places to stay in London.	
Aug 1 2009 	We loved it.....	Our party of two adults and 2 children stayed at the London Elizabeth for 4 nights. We had reserved a family room and were shown to a very cramped, hot room on the 4th floor that smelled strongly of bug spray. The lift was broken (a condition which continued for 2 days), it was VERY hot in London at that time, and the room had no air conditioning. However upon complaining, the staff couldn't have been nicer. They let us have our choice of family rooms on either the 3rd or 2nd floor; we picked the 3rd because it had more room. Four twin beds with room to walk in between, and an ample bathroom with plenty of hot water. However, the room still was very hot. Not to worry! We were supplied with a portable air conditioner, which cooled things off nicely. The hotel is very charming, rather shabby-chic, and distinctly reminiscent of Fawlty Towers. I half expected John Cleese to come tripping into the reception room at any moment. Thankfully, Sybill was nowhere in sight! We were treated superbly for our entire stay; the desk manager even arranged to have a light breakfast ready for us in the cozy lounge at 4:30 a.m., so that we could have something to eat before our early tunnel train to Paris! And to be honest, none of us minded trudging up the beautiful Victorian staircases for a couple of days until the lift was operational. In fact, the children loved it. (And the rest of us benefited from the exercise.)We have very fond memories of our stay at the London Elizabeth. The location couldn't have been better (tube station literally across the street; bus stop a the front door; wonderful pub food around the corner at The Swan; sundries next door to that.) Delightful!	
Jul 31 2009 	Convenient homely hotel	We booked the “family fun weekend” for us (Mom, Dad) and our two teenage daughters aged 18 and 13. This package included two nights accommodation, tickets to Madam Taussads ( there were other options), champagne cocktails prior to a dinner in the hotel’s restaurant, the Rose Garden, daily newspaper, daily continental breakfast. I had asked the hotel to book tickets for Grease and these were given to us on our arrival at the hotel. Our family room was much more spacious than expected, four single beds were arranged with room to spare, there was a small table with two chairs in one corner and another chair at the dressing table. The bathroom sufficed and warm water was plentiful. The restaurant staff seemed surprised at our arrival and unsure about what we were allowed to order from the menu, the waitress went to check with reception, but was then welcoming. Our waitress struggled with English and although we ordered different soups, we were all served the same. Hiccups like this occurred throughout the meal, one daughter was looking forward to her dessert so was disappointed with what arrived. We realised afterwards that we had waited more than an hour for the first course to arrive, but we were having a good time and weren’t in a rush so the wait didn’t phase us, I think we were the only restaurant patrons that night. The hotel is conveniently located, across the road from Hyde Park/ Kensington Gardens and the Lancaster Gate tube station with a bus stop outside the front door. Traffic noise was very audible from our room on the second floor. Continental breakfasts were adequate, we were only offered toast at the end of our first breakfast. Our request for our Madame Taussads tickets was initially greeted with surprise. Clearly the voucher wasn’t ready and waiting, it took a while to organise, but the staff were very apologetic. The hotel did have a Fawlty Tower feel to it, but the staff were very helpful and good natured. My husband suggested we have dinner at the hotel restaurant again prior to seeing Grease, but given our previous experience, the rest of us declined as we were worried we would miss the show. I wouldn’t choose this hotel for an extended stay, but the two nights were good fun. Wi-fi is free and worked well. The lift is very small and took several trips to transport all our luggage, fortunately the staircase is very gracious and wide.	
Jul 5 2009 	great staff and service	Very kind and helpfull staff, yes the hotel needs some updating but rooms very clean air con great and bathroom was great plenty of hot water , brekfast very good, reception staff very helpfull especialy marcella, will recomend to all friends, good location for tube access we will go back again.	
Jul 2 2009 	probabely better than some 5* hotels	we read the reviews before we booked up this little gem of a hotel.yes, i agree that it could do with a little t.l.c., but it more than makes up for this with superb service, clean rooms, &amp; great value for money.would we stay there again, of cause we would, &amp; we we would tell our friends to book up straight away!!!	
Jun 19 2009 	Too many roses!	Just returned from London having stayed three nights at the London Elizabeth Hotel with family.As everyone else has said, the Hotel is situated in a great location, facing Hyde Park, a few minutes from Tube, pub round the corner and a shop round the corner also. Bus stop out the front of the Hotel.The staff were lovely, especially the girls serving breakfast and the desk staff were very helpful also.This doesnt make up for the shabby, rundown and depressing look of the Hotel however. It really was miserable. The reception area is gloomy and the smell of roses hits you as soon as you walk in. A bit too much and sickening after a while. The furniture in the reception area is very tatty and very dirty looking. The dining room is again an abundance of everything floral from the walls to the table linen.The breakfast is very good with very good service. The cooked breakfast is excellent.I ordered room service once - coffee for one and got a full pot and a slice of cake. All for just over 2 pound. Excellent.The beds are comfortable enough and very clean, as is the bathroom, but the overall appearance of the carpets, furniture etc. is really tired and the hotel could do with a complete refurb. It had the feeling of fustiness and was quite gloomy - especially in the so called rose garden. It is nothing more than a few tables and a path with a border of wait for it more roses. We sat out there a couple of times with a drink and enjoyed the view of the car park and the back of some unslightly flats. I was really disappointed, as I was looking forward to the garden.Back to the rooms, my husband and son shared a twin room on the fourth floor and didnt get more than a few hours sleep each night. The room was like a sauna. No fresh air, the ceiling fan didnt work, the floor actually sloped and so did the beds.I shared a room with my daughter on the first floor with double doors to a balcony which had a table and chairs. Lovely I hear you saying - no. The noise of traffic all day and night was horrendous.Overall the hotel was a bit fawlty towers, but the breakfast was great and the staff were friendly and helpful.Wouldn't stay here however.	
Jun 16 2009 	1st Class Hotel exceptional staff	Well what can I say the staff here are exceptional, from booking I spoke to Anna who was most helpful and polite, she booked our room and our car parking space (that is 1st class as well not much car parking in LONDON!!!) I explained I was competing in a marathon and she said she would see if we could be upgraded on arrival. Wow we were upgraded to the Elizabeth Suite, a four poster bed in a very old world room it was magnificant. Again on booking in the staff went out of their way to help us. Breakfast was superb, we actually paid extra for a full English, although there was no need, fresh fruit, fresh bread and bakes, fruit juice, cereal. The full English was superb though and very much needed after a marathon. Again staff went out of their way. I would most highly recommend this hotel and will most certainly be going back next year. A family run hotel and it shows!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location and great personal service but rooms and equipment is very old.	We spend with my wife 4 days in London. Check in and all service through our stay was great. The room was small, but for two enough, the furniture and equipment was very old. Also the smell of the hotel was typical &quot;old&quot;. The breakfast was for me terrible, there was only some sweet pastry, yoghurt, cereals, fruit and hard boiled eggs. We had also a dinner there, and it wasn't realy good. On the other side, the location is realy great. Few steps from tube, and bus station next to the door of hotel, and across the street is Hyde park. The price of the hotel is also very good. So in fact, we would for next time look for another accomodation, but for the people, who like this style I would recommend it.	
May 31 2009 	Found a gem of a hotel in London -great location service comfortable rooms/beds- my favorite so far!	I have been to London four times and stayed in some very nice hotels. But the best by far was my stay at the London Elizabeth Hotel in Bayswater-looking out on Hyde Park. It is right by the Lancaster Gate tube station so very convenient and in a nice neighborhood. A small local 7-11 grocery type place is nearby to purchase essentials like water. This hotel has a lovely Rose Garden restaurant where breakfast is served each morning with great coffee. My sister and I received excellent service from everyone in the hotel. We had a two week trip around England and this was our favorite place. The hotel seems right out of an Agatha Christie novel- a lobby with cushy chairs and always a fire going. We asked for hot water for our own tea and they brought up a lovely tray with biscuits etc. I would recommend this to my best friend!! I found it on the internet and hit the jackpot. There were many British people staying there so I gathered it was word of mouth. Plus free wifi in room!!!	
May 18 2009 	Great location great people TINY rooms!!	We stayed here in mid-April through the end of the April and it was a very, very tight fit for two people (actually, even 1 person). There isn't any air conditioning in the room, so you are subject to the wind blowing a breeze through your window. This is ok if you do not plan on spending much time in your room except for showering and sleeping. It was smaller than a cruise ship inside bedroom.On the other hand, the staff was amazing and the breakfast was pretty good. Lots of carbs and sugary items. We ended up doing McDonalds to get some 'real' food. I wouldn't stay here again because of how tiny the rooms and elevator are as other places for the same money are very near by and after talking to other tourists, had bigger rooms.	
May 13 2009 	Much more than we expected	We chose the London Elizabeth because it was the only place we could find near the central city that allowed four adult family members in one room (four twin beds). We were willing to put up with almost anything to avoid the expense of a second room. We were delighted, therefore, to find that, in addition to meeting this criteria, the hotel is a nice place to stay. As other reviewers have pointed out, the London Elizabeth is somewhat worn around the edges; however, for our money, this was not an issue. During our ten days there, the staff cheerfully bent over backwards to be helpful, without exception. The free continental breakfast is substantial. Lunch and dinner are reasonably priced and very good. Location is across the street from a Tube (subway) station and beautiful Hyde Park. There's free internet access on the computer near the lobby. The hair dryer works well.Staying at the London Elizabeth contributed a lot towards our enjoyment of the city.We were comfortable, but if one were to stay there during summer months, one might consider an air conditioned room.Miscellaneous: Don't spend big bucks on an international electrical adapter, as we did (and blew out an electrical outlet when we tried it!). Go to a Boots store after you arrive in London and ask for a cheap adapter. Boots stores are everywhere.We bought a London Pass with Travel Card. We used the pass for a few tourist sights, but it didn't pay for itself because we spent most of our time in the national art galleries and museums, which are free. We did use the travel card, though. A better option would have been the Oyster Travelcard. Both the Oyster Card and the London Pass Travel Card give unbeatable, convenient, line-free access to all public transportation in London.	
May 11 2009 	Pleasantly surprised with location service and budget	Had to find a hotel in London for a couple of days business at short notice, and was pleasantly surprised when i arrived at the London Elizabeth. The location is great, a short distance to Oxford Street / Mayfair, and the service is excellent. The hotel itself is a pair of historic converted townhouses, and is a little worn and tired but that is part of its charm. Although there is no fitness centre, there is free internet access, excellent staff and good breakfast service all included in the price. You wont get much better value in central London.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great visit	These reviews are spot on. While the furnishings are in major need of renewal (ex. worn chair beading and water stained wood backsplash), the staff was outstanding, our deluxe room on the first floor was clean, pleasant, and comfortable, and the location across from Hyde Park and the Lancaster Gate tube entrance was great. Additionally, the continental breakfast and dining room were convenient, pleasant, and substantial. I also found the rates fairly reasonable given the above positive features. As long as you understand the hotel is somewhat worn and adjust your expectations accordingly, you'll have an excellent stay.	
Apr 13 2009 	Poor not worth the money	This hotel has friendly staff but is in need of some serious maintenance (paint job, carpets, furnishing, cleaning). I booked a deluxe room for my parents for their anniversary, but I was shocked when I saw the photos of the room. Considering the amount I paid this is NOT worth the money. I wonder what a standard room looks like! Even more shocking is that the hotel does not recognize the situation; it just needs a 'touch-up' is their point of view. A full-blown renovation is probably more accurate.	
Mar 9 2009 	Smashing hotel	This hotel we came across by chance, and it was a great place to stay in. Its handy for anywhere in London, as there is a tube station across the road. If you want to walk, Oxford street shops are only about 10 mins away. The staff are friendly, and very very helpfull. The hotel itself is what you would describe as old-worldy, but saying that, its far nicer than it appears in the photos. It has the feel of a family run hotel, and they go out there way to make you feel comfortable and enjoy your stay with them. If you want 5 star treatment, you should check into the 5 star hotel across the street, but youl not get the service or hospitality that this little hotel delivers. All in all, fantastic, great location, friendly staff, great food in the restaurant, and great rates too! If we ever go back to London, this is the hotel we will be staying at.	
Mar 8 2009 	Location 	As mentioned previously, the location of this hotel is second to none, 2-3 mins from the central line station at Lancaster Gate. As always, the staff throughout are very helpful and provide an excellent service. The hotel is looking tired with both the public rooms and the bedroom (449) needing some work. Due to us having a family room, we always get the rooms at the front of the hotel which are a little noisy, so if just a twin or double room is needed then remember to ask for a room at the rear. But as a base to see the city this hotel has all you need. This is our 4th visit to the London Elizabeth and we would recommend it as a no frills, value for money, room for a few nights.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice old world charm	Staff helpful , room OK, clean &amp; comfortable. TV did not work too well though. Great location. I would use again, although agree about the lift..	
Feb 23 2009 	Excellent all round	Just come back from a 2 night half-term stay with my 12 year old son. Excellent location, 2 mins from Lancaster Gate Tube Station (Central Line), also a bus stop right outside the hotel. The hotel itself is quite dated but excellent for a nights sleep, our twin room was big enough, it had a hairdryer, trouser press, TV and ceiling fan, which was useful as we found the room really warm. Staff were very friendly and helpful, full english breakfast was excellent - endless cups of coffee if needed. Also a continential breakfast consisting of fruit, yoghurt, cereal, breads and croissants was available - It was quiet when we ate at around 8:00am, would imagine it gets busy around 9:00am. Elevator is really really small - do not go in it if you are claustrophobic. We ate in the Hotel on the first night - it was good and reasonably priced. Small shop round the corner (expensive though). Overall an excellent hotel to stay in and would recommend, especiall for its location for the tube - 1 tube stop along is Marble Arch where there is a McDonalds, KFC and endless places to eat and the start of Oxford Street.My son loved it so much he now wants to live there :-)	
Feb 22 2009 	Great central location value for money friendly staff	When we arrived the receptionist was friendly, helpful and curtious. The room was on the ground floor with four single beds, two of the beds were put me ups for our children ages 9 and 10 years. We all had comfortable nights sleep. The rooms are not modern but have all the amenities you need for a short break - hair dryer, trouser press, safe, no tea &amp; coffee facilities but room service appeared to be inexpensive. Continental breakfast included in the price and for an extra £4.00 you could have a cooked breakfast. The continental breakfast was fine and the staff were attentive and gave many refilles of coffee. They did lots of meal deals but we tended to eat out.The location was fantastic two mintues walk from Lancaster Gate tube and over the road from Hyde park. Our Children loved both the Princesses Diana memorials - the water feature and the pirate ship playground in Hyde park.They also offer free internet access, which was useful as we could checkin online for our return journey to Manchester airport. Although they had parking - £10 per day.	
Feb 3 2009 	Would Definitely Stay Here Again	My wife and I are annual visitors to London, We've stayed in many hotels in the Bayswater area and consider the Elizabeth our favorite. Our room was always clean as was the bathroom. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. And we look forward to more stays at this property.Some posters have complained about the elevator. Yes, it is small. Do you want them to tear out the center of the hotel and spend a million dollars to replace it or would you rather live with this minor inconvenience?The small elevator and the complaints about the small breakfast area are inconsequential when you consider you are getting such a nice hotel in a fabulous location .	
Feb 3 2009 	Don't go!	The hotel is definitely overpriced for the miserable conditions it offers. The key words are small and tired! The elevator is so small it hardly fits 2 people at a time. The breakfast room cannot accommodate all guests so if you get up at a normal hour you had to wait. The breakfast selection is very limited, with stale breads and no fresh fruit. Basically cereal, toast and coffee. They had some sort of compote which was not edible. If you ask for tea they bring you only one pot. A lady next to us asked for a second pot and after an argument they brought it to her. Her partner came down later and also wanted some tea, the waiter said that he will drink whatever was left of the 2nd pot he has brought. How rude is that?!? The rooms are small, the carpet is stained and the bedspread was once white but now with indefinite color. The service is terrible, especially at breakfast, the personnel hardly spoke any English and it was frustrating at times.The good thing is the location next to a tube station. However, there are lots of hotels next to a tube station.My advice is not to go, you will be disapponted.	
Jan 22 2009 	Unbeatable Location!	The best thing about this hotel is its central location. There's a bus stop right outside the door and the Lancaster Gate Tube station across the road. We were disappointed that on arrival after a long journey, we were told that the hotel did not have our reservation and we were kept waiting while the receptionist confirmed with the booking agent. It was a good thing I had printed out my confirmation voucher. The rooms are quaint and beautifully decorated. Our room (116) had a split level to the bathroom (photo featured on website) but, unfortunately, apart from overlooking the fire escape, it also had two very large air conditioning units right outside the window and these came on with a few loud bangs at around 1.00 a.m. every night for the 3 nights we stayed there. It's also a pity that for the price, which is not cheap, there is no mini bar/fridge in the rooms, let alone tea/coffee making facilities. We went out to the theatre every evening and often returned after midnight - a nice, warming cuppa would have been very welcome. Breakfast was adequate and the staff quite friendly. On the whole, I would still recommend this hotel.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great deal great location great hotel	Location, Location, Location - across the road from hyde park and a central line station lancaster gate (and with the excellent underground system can get anywhere from there) and walking distance to paddington for the heathrow express. Stayed there at the start of the trip and went back there a month later for the end of my trip. Got a good deal on their website (3 nights for the price of 2 winter special) - about 65 pound a night for a twin room and included newspaper and a great breakfast: Continental breakfast AND english breakfast made to order - choice of eggs, mushrooms, sausage, bacon, baked beans, tomato. Most of the time didnt eat much of a lunch as had eaten such a good breakfast . Also had a similar great price on wotif.com and london elizabeth have been on several times when i have checked this site - worth a look as it also included full continental and english breakfast for 65 pound a night (and according to the prices listed in reception at the hotel twin usually 160) The room was clean and comfortable and had all that was needed and while not large was definitely not too small. They also had a computer available to use with free internet. The staff were great and very helpfull.	
Jan 7 2009 	Charming hotel	The London Elizabeth is a quiet, small hotel in a residential area away from the madness of central London. Our double and twin rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. This is not a fancy hotel with a menu of amenities. You feel that you are staying in someone's townhouse. The public areas are cozy. The staff is wonderful and very helpful.The continental breakfast in the Rose Garden Restaurant was more than enough to start the day. It is busiest at 9am and you may have to wait for a table. Skip dinner there; the food is just ok. Take the tube to Queensway and eat at Kam Tong or Mr. Fish, the latter on Porchester Rd, or take the tube to Portobello Rd and have fantastic Thai at the Churchill Arms (make a reservation.)The hotel is conveniently located across the street from the Lancaster Gate Tube. There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and it is a five minute walk to Paddington Station and the Heathrow Express.The Day Travel Card is a great value off-peak for the tube and bus. It can be used an unlimited number of times in one day and was a better value than the Oyster Card.	
Dec 30 2008 	Just OK	We stayed at the London Elizabeth for two nights 28 &amp; 29 November 2008 and found the hotel just OK. We were going to a function at the Royal Lancaster hotel (which is just over the road) and not wanting to pay their prices we booked this hotel. It is a 3* hotel and nothing more, our room (445) was small as was the bathroom. The whole hotel needs a facelift, chairs &amp; carpets are threadbare in places. However the staff are very good &amp; helpful. The breakfast room was small and very busy around 9am, we had to wait about 15 minutes in the reception area for a table.One word of warning . . . . the lift is very very small (about the size of a shower cubicle!) and only takes a maximum of three people. The four of us got in one morning and it stuck between floors. We were stuck in there for about 5 minutes before somebody heard our shouting and the alarm bell. 5 minutes is a long time to be stuck in such a tiny crowded space. It was only afterwards that we noticed that it only takes a maximum of three people ! ! !Would we stay at this hotel again . . . . . not by choice, no.	
Dec 14 2008 	Clean good staff and next to the tube	Hotel was opposite the tube, excellent for travelling, across from Hyde Park, excellent for walking. The room (for 3 women!) was clean, large and the beds really comfortable. The staff were very helpful, the breakfast was excellent, freshly made and as much as you could eat. If you want a reasonably priced hotel for a short break in London then you cannot go wrong with this hotel, ok its not 5* luxury but lets pit things into perspective you only sleep there, the rest of the time you are out enjoying the sights. We are 3 professional women who wanted a reasonably priced 2 night break in London to see the shows, this is what we got and were very pleased.	
Dec 1 2008 	Had a wicked time	Stayed at this hotel for the weekend with my daughter to go and see the musical Wicked - we had a wicked time from when we arrived until when we left - we were upgraded to the Janner Suite and it was wonderful - all the hotel staff very very nice and helpful cannot say a bad thing about any of it - great location - great breakfast - great staff - great room fully recommended	
Nov 19 2008 	great staff at london elizabeth	stayed for a four night christmas shopping/sightseeing break and could not fault this hotel,the room was clean and comfortable, the staff where very helpful and friendly and the location great.	
Nov 16 2008 	never again	did not rate this hotel what so ever first impression was do we have to stay here check in was ok lift was like a coffin ended up walking up 3 floors with heavy cases rather than risk it . the lift first impression of room was a very badly painted brown door room was clean but very basic and old breakfast what a laugh im not a greedy person but you were asked what you would 1 like we asked for full cooked breakfast 1 sausage 1 bacon 1 tomato 1tsp mushrooms 1tsp beans. plus side great pub round the corner (opposite hyde park) the swan good food and entertainment . we were on the the road side which was very busy and noisy all day and night	
Nov 12 2008 	Charming little hotel and wonderful staff	This is a wonderful little hotel with a terrific, young, multinational staff who are friendly, kind and helpful. I had a smaller single room with a bathroom and it was very comfortable and scrupulously clean. The decor is very English with silk and velvet upholstery and chintz curtains and flowered carpets, and the bar has dark panneling and leather sofas: it was like being in an English townhouse. Continental breakfast has generous choices and cooked breakfast and other meals were good and reasonably priced. The location is perfect for walking (Hyde Park, Kensington and Oxford Street to Picadilly Circus and Trafalgar Square) and for access to the underground, buses and Paddington Station, which has an express train to Heathrow. This lovely place would unhesitatingly be my first choice on a return trip to London.	
Oct 6 2008 	Happy to go again	The public rooms were cosy and comfortable;the bar ,though small,was never overcrowded;the restaurant was clean and well lit. The staff were excellent,polite but friendly,and very efficient.The bedroom was a bit on the dark side but clean and tidy as was the bathroom.If I had a complaint it was the traffic noise outside,but it is in London after all.I am happy to give it a second chance(if the price is right!)	
Aug 28 2008	A Very Comfortable Accommodation	In our two-week stay at this hotel (10th to 23rd August, 2008), my wife and I felt very much at home. What, with the very fantastic, friendly, courteous and efficient staff- at the reception, restaurant, kitchen, bar, and the room services (cleaners, room maids and porters). These coupled with the good food and the fantastic location; the bus stop is right at the door steps. We were even very much impressed by the decor of the room and that of the entire property; and their continued efforts to make it even better. Bravo!In fact, with their very efficient services, we award a 5-star rating to both the management and staff of this hotel.Keep it up.	
Aug 7 2008 	Lucked out in London	All accolades to Trish and her staff. They made 13 spoiled Californians very happy &amp; welcome. Of course, the fabulous location across the street from Hyde Park, Lancaster Gate tube station and a bus stop in front helped make our stay so agreeable. Buy a travel pass or Oyster card to take best advantage of the location,We all had very comfortable and clean rooms, high ceilings and big beds even before we took advantage of the fabulous room upgrade we were offered. (I did book 5 rooms for 8 nights.)Breakfast in the Rose room was also a winner, not too heavy but substantial enough to sustain a day's hard sightseeing. This hotel is definitely not a cookie cutter copy of any other hotel in a chain It is rather a good way to feel that you are actually staying in London.But finally the real pleasure was the multinational staff, exceedingly pleasant, knowledgeable and helpful. Whether at the desk, in the bar or the restaurant (&amp; many did double duty) they were always delightful to be around especially Trish who kept it all so warmly together.	
Jul 31 2008	staff friendly and happy to help	I am a single mum with my 12 yr old daughter arriving t the hotel staff were so friendly and helpful. The breakfast was great full cooked or continental you can sit in the rose garden watching squirrels across the road in a small parkland across the road. The staff had local knoledge of the area, the hotel is walking distance to alot of atractions, the bus stopped outside the hotel, local shops near by and pubs too.The hotel is far enough away from the hussle and bussle of crouds, just across the road Hyde Park were you can hire a deck chair and watch the world go past. pack a swimming costume as they have a swimming area in Kensington boating lake very refeshing on a hot day.	
Jul 26 2008 	Badly in Need of a Face-lift	While the location is fantastically convenient, (directly across from the Lancaster gate entrance to Hyde Park) the hotel is badly in need of an interior face-lift. We booked the family room, which was located on the fourth floor facing the street. The room was small, shabby, with paint chipped walls, and dirty carpet. The bathroom with its broken tiles and moldy smell was especially unpleasant. The toilet did not flush consistently, hot water lasted for only a few minutes before turning cold, and the towels were stained and had holes. Unlike the rest of the hotel, the room was not air-conditioned, and we had to open the windows at night to cool the room. This resulted in a couple nights of fitful sleep due to the overwhelming street noise. Thank goodness my husband brought along earplugs!	
Jun 5 2008 	a good choice well located hotel if not looking for luxury or romance	We spent last weekend in London for my Mother in Laws 60th Birthday. Friday night there were 9 adults and 3 kids with 4 more adults joining us on saturday night.We had booked the family package at a cost of £300 per room for two nights - for up to 2 adults and 2 children in a room. This included b&amp;b in a family room, entry tickets for either London Zoo or the London Eye and a three course dinner plus one champagne cocktail on one night.The hotels location is very good, across the road from Hyde park, just around the corner from the tube and only 5 min walk from Paddington. It would only be 10-15 mins walk to Marble arch depending on how fast you walk.The staff at the hotel were ALWAYS very friendly and helpful they really did make an effort and I think the staff are a real credit to the hotel. The hotel itself is being redecorated in places and not before time that is really the only criticism I have, that furniture and furnishings are looking tired and drab. If you definatly need a lift because you can't manage many stairs this hotel IS NOT for you. There is one lift for guest, but due to the age of the building it is a tiny lift which really only two average sized people can use at one time with possibly one suitcase at a squeeze.We had booked a family room unfortunatley that doesn't mean a double bed for parents and single beds for the kids. It means a triple or quad room - why do hotels do this? The bedrooms are of a good size for London hotels with good size bathrooms but again money needs to be spent on them. But saying that they were clean, with soft towels and plenty of toiletries. We had a room at the front of the hotel that was warm so we left the window open all day. Yes, it is noisey but when you get to bedtime you can close the window and put the ceiling fan on which made the room a nice temperature. The rooms would be hot in the height of summer though. Be aware that if you ask for a room at the back of the hotel because you don't want road noise that there is an outside terrace belonging to the bar so it is not always quiet.The food was of a good standard I felt, whether that was because I wasn't expecting much so it exceeded my expectations I'm not sure. European breakfast was included in the price but not English IS ENGLAND NOT IN EUROPE ANYMORE????? That said it was only £4 extra and although I didn't have cooked plenty of people did, and enjoyed it although the scrambled eggs were not recommended.To conclude if you want a resonably priced hotel in a good location with fantastic staff this is definatly worth considering.Not a choice if you want luxury or a romantic break in London.	
Jun 2 2008 	old fashioned comfort	My husband, 16yr old son and I have just spent a 3 day break at the London Elizabeth. The location was superb being literally across the road from Lancaster Gate Tube and also from the entrance to Hyde Park.For some reason they could not provide the triple room which we had booked but the alternative offered (at no extra cost) turned out to be the Montagu Suite. Although this was in the basement and therefore somewhat dark, this was more than made up for by the loads of space, the lovely double bed with hangings, the fireplace, bookcases etc which all made up an old fashioned but very comfortable room. The addition of a bed for my son barely made an impact to the space, still leaving room for a sofa, easy chair, table, blanket chest etc.The bathroom was a good size with a bath long enough to completely stretch out in and enough hot water to fill it to the brim.The only real down side was that it was very hot in the room and too noisy at night to have the window open, but there was a ceiling fan. Its a shame no tea and coffee making facilities were in the room but room service was 24 hour and quick and reasonable (e.g £2 each for a big pot of tea with complimentary cake)I would certainly stay there again.	
May 20 2008 	clean hotel pity about the lift	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights during May. I agree with the previous reviews stating that the hotel could do with a bit of redecoration, though there seemed to be some going on during our stay. The bathroom was a let down with some chipped tiles and missing grout but our room was always clean, fresh towels and bedlinen everyday. We were staying with our 6 month old daughter and the fact that the lift wouldn't fit her buggy was a bit annoying as my back was quite sore from carrying her up &amp; down the stairs in it. Our room had no heating in it the last night and all 3 of us were quite cold in the morning though the staff did apologise. The breakfast was great and the staff very friendly. if you don't need to use a lift this is a good hotel for a few days stay. close to tubes and hyde park. close by queensway has lots of great food places.	
May 2 2008 	Good and comfortable	While the furniture is somewhat threadbare, the hotel is charming. Exceptionally clean, the food OK and the staff super. Very friendly and most helpful. We were at the back and the room was quiet. Think the front would be noisy. Good location for London travel. 5 minutes from Paddington.	
Apr 19 2008 	Love/Hate Relationship	This property has enormous potential. Excellent location. Right around the corner from Lancaster Gate tube, 5 minute walk to Paddington Station and directly across from Hyde Park. All of this was a BONUS. The staff was friendly and accomodating. They really go out of their way to please. The food is sub-par which was surprising since they have a full blown kitchen. The breakfast is ok. Our table wasn't cleaned properly when we sat down for breakfast and there was hair and crumbs on the table. The bar is quaint and cozy. In certain areas of the hotel it smells of cigarettes ...including some of the rooms and hallways BTW. The hotel furnishings and decore are quite shabby... not to be confused with shabby CHIC. My daughter and I stayed in the Elizabeth Room which was nice and had a great view of the park. However, I don't know when the last people stayed in it as it was dusty and so were the linens. The room was fairly large and the bathroom was a good size as well. Neutrogena was the product of choice and while it's not deluxe, it is a good product for everyone.I have to say that, again, this property has potential to be an excellent boutique property if they would just sink some money into upgrades and refurbishment. We had a good stay and might stay here again but would book directly through the hotel rather than booking through CentralRes as they ripped us off by applying a small percentage of our &quot;deposit&quot; which I thought was 1 nights pre-payment, towards the cost of our room and keeping a whopping 100 pounds for themselves!!!!	
Apr 13 2008 	OK but not great	I stayed here while on business. My room was tiny and faced a fairly busy street. The noise wasn't so bad, though. The hotel is directly across from Hyde Park, and there's an Underground stop within 100 feet of the hotel, and walking distance to Paddington Station. So the location is fantastic. I think I paid close to 100 GBP, so it was fairly inexpensive. I was disappointed to find that the hotel does not offer internet access. Staff were friendly, courteous, and very helpful.	
Mar 23 2008	Only fair.	This hotel is over priced. The service was good and the staff friendly. The decor was old and dirty. We stayed in the Elizabeth which was on the fourth floor. The lift only accomodates two people at a time and the stairs are many. The room size was good and the bed comfortable and the bathroom was good. No teapot in the room, although they do deliver anytime you want. The staff was attentive. The meal was not what one would expect for the price of the room and it took too long to be served. If you like this location stay in a lesser priced room.	
Mar 6 2008 	Go for the Deluxe room.	This hotel could be great, however my stay was not. I stayed here for one night in a Classic Double room (room 118). The hotel was running a promotion where the rate was the same whether in Pounds, Dollars or Euros, so it made for a very reasonable rate. Unfortunately, the room I was assigned did not make me feel like I was getting a good deal. I had requested a room with a bathtub facing the rear of the building, which I was given. However, the window was cracked &amp; warped and carelessly fixed by the hotel staff by simply stuffing tissues in the gaps. This effectively did nothing to fix the problem, as it felt as though the window was open and let in all the traffic noise. The curtains, when closed, blocked the radiator from providing heat to anywhere other than under the curtains, which made for a chilly night.The bathroom was fairly laughable. The bathtub was the smallest I have ever seen and if you are over 5'8&quot; tall, you wouldn't be able to stand up and take a shower. Strange for a London hotel, there was a shower curtain instead of the glass panel normally used and the curtain became part of my body while showering. There was no way to keep it from clinging to me. Yuck. The bed was pretty hard and the headboard squeaked with every move I made, however I have slept on worse. However, I was awoken at 7am by the housekeeping staff chatting directly outside the door to my room. Very thin doors &amp; walls!The positives: The room itself was fairly big by London standards. There was plenty of storage space for clothes and luggage and a small desk. The hotel has free Wi-Fi, which is great, although you had to get a new access code each day from the front desk. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is excellent - right across from Hyde Park and the Lancaster Gate tube station. Continental breakfast is included and was pretty filling. I believe you can pay an additional £4 for a hot breakfast, but I didn't partake.All in all, I would not recommend this hotel if staying in a Classic room. I would bet the Deluxe rooms and Suites would be much more acceptable.	
Mar 3 2008 	Decent hotel at reasonable price	I stayed here for three nights in mid February 2008 and found it a decent enough hotel.Two things to note when you book it depending on your preferencesRooms are smoking as well as non smoking. I didn't know this and ended up in a smoking room which as a non smoker I felt smelt a bit. Not horrendous though.Breakfast - if you want an English breakfast then be sure to book that style of breakfast or you will pay extra when you are there. £4 each plus a £1 service charge per day is a little steep for what you get I thought.The hotel is situated right down by Hyde Park but right next to Lancaster gate tube station so getting around on the tube is easy or taking a walk through Hyde Park is easy. There's an excellent Indian restaurant close by as well as a French one with a pub around the corner from the hotel as well.The room was cleaned well each day and a decent bathroom. Although we were on the back side of the hotel it wasn't a problem and noise levels were low given its central London.I did note that at breakfast time some people had problems getting in to the breakfast room which is a bit small so be prepared to wait although I was always ok in fairness. It's problem with size is because so many of the tables are set for 4 but most users were in pairs which could have solved the problem.Overall though as well as the trip being good it was nice to have a decent hotel which was relatively speaking a little out of the way.	
Feb 25 2008 	Same wonderful staff and a good location.	This was our second stay at the London Elizabeth, on Lancaster Terrace just north of Hyde Park.We had a suite in 2001, and the Elizabeth Room this year. My husband LOVED the Elizabeth room while I preferred the suite.But the main thing about this hotel is the staff. Not only are they charming, polite and knowledgeable, but great fun to just chat with while deciding on a place for dinner or waiting for a cab.The breakfast room is lovely, the waitstaff polite and offering good service, and the continental breakfast is more than filling.The extra £4 for a full English breakfast is also worth it on those mornings when sausage, bacon, eggs, mushrooms, beans, tomato and toast sounds good.Just around the corner on Bayswayter is the Swan Pub, very much improved since 2001, and serving really excellent pub food.There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel that has many stops including Victoria station and Westminster Abbey.The Lancaster Gate tube station is just across the street on the Central Line.And there is nothing finer on a sunny day than a walk through Hyde Park to Harrods for a visit to the Food Halls.We will be back here again, especially when they have their amazing special winter prices!	
Feb 16 2008 	Not living up to expectations	The Elizabeth sounded like a good deal, so my wife and I booked in for a couple of days sightseeing. The staff couldn't have been friendlier, which is why this is a 2 star review. They were lovely, but their hotel was not. The lift is an experience itself, akin to those tight claustrophobic moments you see in Royal Marine training videos. The room was very small and had a curious yellow stain on the wall. Despite the smoking ban coming in 7 months ago, the room still reeked of cigarettes. The bed was quite solid, but acceptable. The real problem with the place may have been down to the room we had. At the front of the building, and equipped with very very old sash windows, the room was open to the slightest of noises at all times. The noise during the night was simply unbearable and we ended up being very very tired tourists.	
Jan 26 2008 	Location: Great - Hotel: Average	You can hardly find a better location in the Bayswater area, very close to underground (Lancaster Gate), Hyde Park across the street and not too far away from Queensway (app 10 min by foot), where you find plenty of restaurants and shops. A pub just a two minutes walk away (The Swan, Bayswater road). The hotel itself is pretty much average, stayed in a suite and was satisfied but not impressed. Conservatory suite, which have panoramic stained-glass windows - and a view to the wall. Don't be fooled and expect stunning sights of Hyde Park! Room size was good, bath spacious and clean, nothing to complain about. Breakfast was good but pretty much average. Staff was polite and provided the service you can expect. Again; average. All in all, average is the word that covers it all. If you get a reasonable rate, this is a good choise in this area. But then, there are so many hotels to choose from in Bayswater. Compare rates and location and you probably won't do a mistake whether you pick this hotel or another one. I'd stay again if rates was good at the time of travelling, but won't spend the extra for the conservatory suite again. Just not worth it in my opinion.	
Jan 8 2008 	Conservatory suite nice	Stayed with my wife and son over Christmas. Got a deal on the Coservatory suite. It was quite comfortable for the three of us. Squirrels on the roof each morning so there was no wake up call necessary....not really a big deal but I spoke with management and they said they were going to do something about them. This suite does not look out on Hyde Park--its on the back of the hotel and looks over a small square. and parking lot. The free Breakfast is no great shakes but enough to get you started for the day. Never dined in the hotel so can't comment. The dining room is pink...very pink so I passed on meals there.Probably the best part of the stay was that the staff (who speak 19 different languages altogether-plus english) were really very nice. Saw the Hyde Park Suite and it is huge!!Overall a very positive stay. The hotel is older and could use some touch ups but a great value for the money and an excellent location.	
Jan 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Location and Fantastic experience!!!!!!	Fantastic doesnt even begin to compliment this hotel. I booked the Hyde Park Suite for two nights for my girlfriend as a christmas present. I had read about the room on the website but nothing can prepare you for the amazing room you enter. The room is vast in size and the view is amazing (be sure to check out my photos of the room and of the view from my balcony). The staff are all very friendly and so helpful, they advised us on bus times and couldnt do enough to ensure we enjoyed our experience. Although the road outside is busy even at midnight, that becomes totally irrelevant considering the room and the view. The Lancaster Gate tube station is all of a few steps away and is perfect for travelling around London, there is also a regular bus service that stops right outside the front door every couple of mins. There is also an open top bus tour that stops across the road. The food is fantastic both breakfast and evening meals!!!!!!!!!The hotel and the room really made the weekend so enjoyable and I would like to thank all the staff for a great experience.	
Dec 28 2007	Lovely London Elizabeth	After doing some research on the internet, I booked The London Elizabeth Hotel via Orbitz and got a good rate... at least for London!After reading some of the negative reviews, we decided to upgrade once we arrived -- which I'm glad we did! The room was very large and decorated in the fashion of an English manor house -- dark cherry wood, crystal chandeliers, wingback chairs, etc.The room was very comfortable and the bathroom very clean. (Always a plus!)The hotel is located across the street from Hyde Park. It's also conveniently located to the Lancaster tube station.They have a little restaurant in the hotel which is very reasonable and the was food very good. We ate breakfast ($8 for English) which was also very good. The only negative I can think of is the elevator is very small and it didn't work part of the time. We had to use the stairs quite a bit.We look forward to staying there again in the future.	
Dec 13 2007 	Love the hotel	I stayed two nights. The room was clean and bright, the beds comfortable, the soaps top class (Neutrogena). The only thing less than perfect was the poor cable selection for the TV. The hotel is across the street from the Lancaster Gate Tube station, and a short walk from Paddington Station. I left my mobile phone in the room (I was checking out in a rush, and had to leave my luggage at the hotel). I called them about two hours later, and they said they would look for it. When I got back to get they luggage they had not only found my phone but also a tie that I had left there. Wonderful people. I would certainly stay there the next time I have to go to London.There is no air conditioning - not a problem in November, but possibly a downer in Globally Warmed London in July. But there was a ceiling fan.	
Dec 12 2007 	Love London Elizabeth	I love the London Elizabeth! Thats all I can say! The suite was beautiful, the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was delicious! I will be back as soon as I can!	
Dec 10 2007 	room disappointing	I booked a triple room on line, having looked at the hotels own web site and noted the reviews posted here. I was disappointed with the room, number 118, whilst adequate it did not live up to expectations and bore little resemblance to any pictures shown. We had a double bed, which I can report was very comfortable and a small camp type bed, sagging in the middle, pushed up against a radiator, under a window, not at all comfortable. The room was at the back of the hotel, the window whilst large, was sort of recessed and draped in rather grubby net curtains which afforded little natural light. Generally the room appeared rather dingy because of this, the decor was a little tired. The room also had a very strong odour which reminded us of TCP! The bathroom facilities were fine, nice selection of toiletries and a very powerful hot shower.The European breakfast was superb quite set you up for the day, though the restaurant wasnt big enough for the number of guests and people had to wait for a table.The hotel is located in a very accessible area, very handy for Cabs, Tubes, Buses and walking to many popular haunts.Because of the disappointment with the room, I would hesitate to recommend this hotel, however for location, the shower and breakfast I would!	
Nov 9 2007 	Great room huge bed	I had read the various reviews and was slightly concerned that we would have a tiny room with a small bed, our room was quite the opposite. The room (226) was a fairsize with a small staircase that went into the bathroom which was lovely. The king size bed was the biggest bed I have ever slept in it was huge. The room was really lovely the only downsize was we were near the tiny lift which was abit noisy but this wouldnt put me off booking this room again.The breakfast was ok but i was abit miffed we had to pay £4 extra if we wanted a cooked one!Overall the hotel was lovely right next to Hyde park which was great to walk around. We paid £160 for the deluxe room we had which wasnt bad considering the location.	
Oct 15 2007 	Tiny rooms but very convenient	I found the hotel via Rick Steve's guidebook...I was expecting a somewhat larger room and disappointed that it was sooo very small but that said, everything else was fine.I was glad for an elevator, taking luggage up stairs is a huge pain.Breakfast was fine, got you ready for the day.The Belgrave neighborhood is filled with nice little restaurants within walking distance. There is a nice little Thai restaurant just around the corner from the hotel.My boyfriend and I felt safe walking at night, the neighborhood is filled with little hotels and B&amp;B's.Friday and Saturday nights seem to be the party nights but Hotel Elizabeth far enough away from the cheaper places where travelling students stay and party.Hotel Elizabeth is about a 15 minute walk from Victoria Station. The bus station Victoria Coach is just down the street, this is where most tour buses pick up....but do not return you there necessarily. Check with tour company before you book on where they will return you.	
Oct 4 2007 	We LOVE the London Elizabeth!!	We had a fantastic experience at the London Elizabeth. Trish and the rest of the staff were so nice, our room was wonderful, the food and service at the breakfasts were splendid (and the room service food is the best we've ever had!), and its location and charm cannot be topped. We don't want to stay anywhere else in the future, and we are both London traveling veterans. Highest recommendation!Liz and Mark Easter	
Sep 25 2007 	It grows on you.	I kinda knew what to expect because of previous reviews and my own limited experience with London Hotels. Yes, the rooms are small and the beds are tiny. So what? It's a converted mansion not a resort in Cancun. Go out and see stuff. Trust me, if you put in the kind of miles sightseeing that me and and my Wife put in every day you won't have any trouble with the bed at the end of the evening. Especially if you have a pint at the bar downstairs or at The Swan around the corner. We spent 7 nights there. As for the lift, my advise is to use the itty bitty elevator to go up and just take the stairs down. &lt;i&gt;(dumbest dign ever: the placard that says occupancy limited to 3 persons on the elevator. You couldn't get more than 2 in there if you had a shoehorn!)&lt;/i&gt; I rated this as above average because of the helpful staff and the excellent location. Lancaster Underground station is a few steps away and the bus stop is right out the front door. Paddington station is a few minutes walk and Hyde Park is right across the street. You couldn't find a better location.However, If you are looking for a Marriot type experience with key cards and king sized beds, move along.	
Sep 18 2007 	Just OK	Stayed here in early June 2007 with my husband. The mixed reviews are mostly true.The front desk staff was nice and efficient. That was definitely a big plus. The breakfast staff left a lot to be desired. It was always a challenge to get their attention in order to get a coffee or tea refill, and if it was near the time when they stopped serving breakfast, they tended to become downright rude. Besides, the breakfast was terrible. Both my husband and I are used to Europe-style continental breakfasts, and this was perhaps the weakest one we've seen in a long time.We had a very charming room, very Elizabethan in its look, with wooden beams in the walls and along the ceiling. It was unlike any of the rooms I've seen in photos or rooms I caught gilmpses of when the doors were left open while they were being cleaned. :) So that was really nice. It seemed clean enough, as did the bathroom. The bed wasn't bad. However, the room did not have air conditioning. The weather was still nicely cool, but I could certainly see this being a drawback during warmer months.We did not mind the super small elevator. We did mind the many times it seemed to not be working/or more likely seemed stopped by the staff so only they could use it. We were also woken up by the cleaning staff speaking/gossiping *very* loudly either among themselves or on their cell phone, directly outside our door! It became bad enough that I had to get out of bed (I am Hispanic, as was this lady) to ask her to please be more quiet.Overall I am fairly certain we will be looking to stay elsewhere on our next visit to London. It wasn't horrible, but it certainly wasn't great! There has to be something better at a comparable rate.	
Sep 15 2007	horrible service	The room was old and smelled of smoke and door knob was broken. The management was rude .	
Sep 14 2007 	Great location old building	A selling point for this hotel is its location; subtract that and I would rather stay at a different, cheaper place. It's across the street from the Hyde Park, which is a wonderful and relaxing place; includes Kensington Gardens and makes for a pleasant 15 min stroll to the Buckingham Palace. We took a walk to Buckingham and then to Thames every day.The restaurants next to the hotel are extremely overprices and food tastes very average. If you want a good, ethnic (not British though :)) food take Wigmore Street (1,2 blocks below Oxford) - somewhere around Bond street there are millions of restaurants. The food at the hotel is good, but overpriced as well. The breakfasts, which are usually included, are substantial. All the staff is friendly, though many of them seem to be overworked and tired, so we felt bad to bug some of them with questions. The negative for me was an old carpet that gives this hotel a dusty feeling.Overall, I recommend this hotel, as I think the location is unbeatable and makes up for any minor negatives it has.	
Sep 12 2007 	Wonderful Quaint Hotel!	There were four of us traveling on our first trip to London and this hotel was one the highlights of our trip. It was soo easy to get to from the Heathrow airport, especially for being first timers and not having a rental car. We took the metro with all our bags and we found it right away. Restaurants and groceries are walking distance and they had free internet! We had a quad room and it was nice, cozy and CLEAN. Keep in mind this is an old historic hotel. No air conditioning but there was a ceiling fan. The lift/elevator was super small one of us had to walk up the stairs or wait but I think they are all small like that in England. It made up for funny stories to tell back home. The concierge Patrick was the best lad ever!!! He had tons of useful information and directions and he knew a little bit about everything he had us constantly laughing till it hurt. You're the best, Patrick!! We had afternoon tea in the Rose room which was where we spent breakfast every morning and is so pretty. Outside they have a little rose garden which we enjoyed too. It's on the border of Hyde Park which is GORGEOUS to walk through and of course the ever near Lancaster Gate Station is a hop skip and a jump away. Good times!	
Aug 25 2007 	London Elizabeth Hotel	This was our 2nd stay at the hotel in the past 2 years. We were so pleased with the hotel staff &amp; hotel manager, that it prompted a return visit. This is a very old hotel. Every room is different &amp; unique. If you like to stay in places that have character vs. a place where every room is the same, this is the location. There is a small bar adjacent to the lobby. They serve excellent light food. The dining room is open for dinner with a good menu. The dining room is open for breakfast to hotel guest (a nice continental is included in your stay &amp; a fee for a cooked meal). All the staff are eager to please. The hotel manager (Trish) is 1st rate. The Tube &amp; Bus are just outside the front door. Hyde Park is directly across the street for a nice morning or evening walk beside the pond &amp; to the Diana memorial.	
Aug 20 2007 	Ok hotel	This hotel is located in a great spot and I believe that is why they charge so much for their rooms. The hotel is right across from hyde park and a half block away from an underground station. The room itself was an ok size, but if you are going to stay at this hotel ask for a courtyard facing room, ours was not and the street is very loud. The bed was not that comfortable and I think they would do well to replace them, it would make a huge difference. The room was clean and we had a patio but the road noise made it a pace you wouldn't want to spend too much time except really late at night. The TV only got about 7 channels, but again, you don't go to london for the TV. Internet was free which was nice as everything else in london costs money. Breakfast is included and was actually pretty good. Not great but good. A wierd quirk to this hotel is that you don't leave the hotel with your key, you drop it off at the front desk when you leave and upon your return they give it to you again. This is a bit of a pain, but not that big a deal in my opinion, at least you can't lose the key. The staff were very friendly and are willing to help you out, you can even buy tickets to certain attractions at the front desk and and get into the prepaid lines (queues) at these attractions which often are shorter.	
Aug 9 2007 	Good location but not much more	I stayed at the London Elizabeth for 5 nights in early July 2007. The hotel is indeed very convenient in terms of location, right across the Hyde Park and only a few meters away from Lancaster Gate tube station. Apart from location, however, nothing impressive: The room was shabby, noisy and breakfast offered a limited selection. Overall, I found London Elizabeth overrated.	
Aug 7 2007	Elizabeth Hotel a grear place to stay inLondon	My husband and I visit London each year and we stay at the Elizabeth Hotel at Lancaster Gate. The Hotel over looks Hyde Park. The buses pull up in front of the hotel and there is the tube just across the road. Paddington Railway station is behind the hotel avout a ten minute walk. The Big Bus tours pull up in front of the hotel. The hotel is a small and very friendly. Breakfast is included. It is worth checking out on the hotels own site as sometimes they have a special which they change the rates. eg. pay in USA dollars$1 equals 1 pound. This hotel is also available on all hotel websites. We always enjoy our stay here it is like going home.	
Aug 7 2007 	A Lovely Old Hotel	It's close to Lancaster Tube Station - just a two-minute walk. It's also close to Hyde Park.The hotel is family-owned and indeed it's a very old building. The room is of a reasonable size and the bed is quite comfortable. It's not air-conditioned but there's a big fan on the ceiling and there's a big window.The breakfast was okay.The staff were very polite and helpful.It's pretty noisy as it's located near a busy road and close to the tube. But every coin has two sides - good location and noise problem. I don't think you can have both. To me it's okay as I can always fall asleep easily.There're only three minor problems. 1. The ceiling was a bit terrible and the paint kept peeling off.2. There's no coffee-making machine.3. The elevator's incredibly small. Only two slim people can travel in it at one time.But I think I'll definitely return to the hotel for my next London trip.	
Jul 31 2007 	Beware of Reservation System	We found this hotel through Trip Advisor and was passed onto a Central Reservation System. Beware!!! When we arrived in London, the hotel said they were overbooked and our reservation had just been received even though it was made weeks in advance. They had no room for us! The front desk receptionist said they would &quot;upgrade&quot; us to a room at a hotel down the street. Bad idea. Our new hotel was horrible. We were very upset by this turn of events. All we wanted to do was go sightseeing and stay out of our horrible hotel room. We went back to the London Elizabeth and told them this was NOT an upgrade. Trish, the manager, was very apologetic and much better than the first person we had met. We told her we would not be paying for our new room and she said that she would she what she could do. Thank goodness we were only in London one night. What a mess! And we didn't end up paying for our new room. What lesson...Always, Always contact your hotel directly. Do not rely on a 3rd party reservation system especially in Europe!	
Jul 17 2007 	What the..... Don't do it!	OK.... I've been using Tripadvisor for my trips for quite some time now and this was the first time I felt dupped. I usually read the negative reviews with a &quot;grain of salt&quot; but as long as the overall reviews are positive then I feel ok to take a change.With this hotel I was wrong. If you still decide to go then good luck and get off that the Lancaster Gate station (2 min walk) and not Paddington (10 min walk). But once you arrive plan to sleep in one of the most dillapidaated hotels in the city. This place is in need of a major upgrade. My room was small, my bed was ok, NO AC, the room wasn't clean, paint peeling from the walls and noisey. The highlight was the 8&quot; television, seriously. Bottomline, it you just need a place to lay your head for a few hours then you may be ok with some ear plugs. The only good thing about my stay here was a visit to a local Italian restaurant called &quot;Ask&quot;, food and price was great. Other than that, stay elsewhere. Out of dozens reviews I've written this is my only negative one. Just trust me, you will be dissappointed.	
Jul 6 2007	Hmm...	I booked this hotel for one of our business travellers. Although the location and breakfast was good, the hotel needs modernising and the traffic noise outside his room made it difficult for him to sleep (soundproofing required). He would not return to this hotel as these issues cannot be overlooked as a business traveller.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great old fashioned service!!	My sister and I stayed here for the Hyde Park calling festival on 24th June 2007. We chose the hotel because of its location and the price - £260 for a twin room for two nights. We weren't expecting much as it wasn't very expensive and all we wanted was a place to put our head down at night - Oh my god were we surprised! The hotel was literally 200 yards away from Lancaster Gate tube station which was on the central line. The hotel rooms themselves were pretty basic and quaint and very clean, but the room service was excellent - they would pretty much get you whatever you want whenever you wanted it, from pain killers in the middle of the night to running out and getting you some cigarettes from a late night shop!! The bar opened whenever you were there and the staff were very friendly and accommodating - even at 2am!! The staff even ran out in the rain to flag us a taxi so we wouldn't get wet.Overall we had a very pleasant stay and we would definately stay here again and recommend it to our friends. Booking through the website is cheaper as the advertised rates in the hotel themselves are £160 per night.	
May 30 2007 	Home from Home	I found this delightful hotel by accident nearly 5 years ago and since then have stayed on many occasions for both business and pleasure.Having to plan a meeting at the last moment I used the boardroom at a very competitive rate and the lunch served on the terrace was very pleasant. Nothing was too much trouble and the staff were their usual happy and helpful selves.All the rooms in which I have stayed have a certain charm and a lovely cosy feel of almost faded elegance. The theatre bar is small and attractive and I have met many interesting people there. This is always a bonus when travelling alone.Trish, the Guest Relations Manager bends over backwards to ensure that every guest knows their way around both the hotel and the local neighbourhood. She is always keen to share her knowledge of London and help you to get from A to B with ease.I find this a real home from home and would happily recommend it to anybody . .	
May 21 2007 	Good find in London	We stayed here for four nights and had a very enjoyable stay. The location is fantastic, a short walk from Paddington Station and practically right next door to Lancaster Gate Tube Stop. Our room was at the front of the hotel so we did cop some traffic noise, but it didn't stop me sleeping and after the first night I barely noticed it. The room was fine and was a decent size by London standards. While the furnishings aren't anything fancy, the rooms are more than comfortable. The staff are all lovely and very friendly. They are always there with a smile and willing to help with anything. The only downside we could think of was breakfast - it wasn't the best spread we had seen while we were away - but it was sufficient. We will definately stay at the London Elizabeth next time we visit London.	
May 12 2007 	The way to stay	I have stayed at the London Elizabeth hotel on many occassions whether for business or pleasure and have always found it to be a friendly environment. The staff are courteous and cannot do enough for you. One of the best things is you don't have to go out to eat as the menu is very good and the taste is even better. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting London. Oh and if you manage to get out then Hyde park is just over the road and for the girls the main shops are only a 15 minute walk away.	
Apr 26 2007 	INCREDIBLY friendly staff great location	Just got back from a stay at the London Elizabeth Hotel and had a great experience. There were some downsides, to be sure (our top-floor room got uncomfortably close and stuffy due to the heat being on during a spate of warm weather), but there were some great things as well (INCREDIBLY friendly staff, and believe me - you can't beat the location).The first night we arrived at the hotel we took the late flight from Chicago and didn't arrive until nearly midnight. The staff had our reservation right at hand and there was no confusion whatsoever as to who we were and what type of reservation we had made. The bellman helped with our bags and we were checked in inside probably five minutes (aside from chatting with Patrick, the insanely friendly and helpful night desk clerk). As it turned out, we were put into a room that was near the front of the hotel overlooking Bayswater Road, which is a six-lane main artery featuring loud traffic and sirens at all hours of the night. In the morning we asked to be moved to another room at the back of the hotel, which turned out to be no trouble at all, and again the staff couldn't have been more cooperative and helpful. (I travel a lot and have rarely encountered staff people who seemed so genuinely interested in what visitors think of their city. They also suggested a number of options for visiting things we wanted to see and were very efficient whenever anything was requested.)We had no trouble carrying bags to the room - the lift is a trifle small but arrives promptly and without delay...Some other great things about this hotel are the showers - plenty of hot water and great water pressure; the fact that, aside from the road noise, this hotel is totally quiet - people weren't running through the halls and slamming doors; the *free* buffet breakfast for guests of the hotel, which featured cereals, pastry and fresh fruit - with the terrible exchange rate, you won't want to pay for more meals than are necessary; and the great waitstaff at the restaurant, which was also very friendly, helpful and efficient. There's 24-hour room service and we thought prices were reasonable. There's also a small bar at the ground floor of the hotel where we got glasses of ice and soft drinks. The room furnishings could use an update - the furniture has seen better days, and we never did manage to receive more than two channels on the television - but this was offset by the fact that this hotel is literally about 20 steps from the Lancaster Gate tube stop on the Central Line and within sight of the Italian Gardens, a beautiful Victorian reflecting pool located within the gates of Hyde Park. We also had two great meals at The Swan, a traditional English pub located next door to the hotel (note: it's open till 11 but stops serving food at 10), and there's a small local market next door as well where we bought postcards and snacks. You'll be close to Spring Street, which has banks and good restaurants, and within about a two block walk of Paddington Station, where many National Rail trains and Tube lines converge. This probably isn't the most modern and glitzy hotel you'll ever encounter, but the beds were reasonably comfortable and clean, and even aside from the great location, we weren't even slightly nervous about the neighborhood and walked at night several times. You can also hear the wonderful sounds of birds chirping in Hyde Park if you open the windows. (There are no screens, so be careful of the pigeons, but the fresh air is worth it.) I would definitely recommend staying on the lower floors in warm weather as there is no air conditioning (though we had a ceiling fan), and ask to be placed near the back of the hotel. The rooms aren't huge but I've seen smaller, and you're provided with a tall armoire and two chests of drawers, which cuts down on &quot;stuff&quot; clutter. We had no trouble with the free wireless Internet - you'll need to call down to the desk for an access code, but the signal strength was good and the broadband service worked flawlessly.Overall, a good experience for a hotel in a huge, expensive major city, and I would stay here again.	
Mar 29 2007 	Very good great location	I was in London for five nights for a conference and found the London Elizabeth to be everything I needed and good value for money (I was on a budget!). The room was a tad small but that's no major complaint. Breakfast was adequate. Internet was free and usually available. I had no problems with the phone or with noise. Staff were friendly and courteous.The big plus was accessibility. Right adjacent to Lancaster Gate for the underground and five minutes walk to Paddington, hence trains to Heathrow and other parts of England were readily accessible.Will definitely use again if back in London on work matters.	
Mar 23 2007 	Not the best start but got better from there	Upon early morning arrival from the US, my room was not ready, but the staff was gracious and provided a place to freshen up and offered breakfast. Upon return from the office in the afternoon, was very disappointed in the room that I'd been given (extremely small and shabby, broken tiles and dirty bathroom, renovations in the hallway and severe paint odor in the room). When I called the desk to inquire about changing rooms, I was told that this was the room that I get when I book at the rate I'd booked at (I'd booked through discount site). When I inquired why there was no distinction between the room that I booked on the site and the rooms listed on their site, they had no answer. I was then told that there were no additional rooms available, and that since I had prepaid, I would be out all of my money if I moved to another hotel. And then, a few minutes later, the manager called and offered me a tour of rooms that had suddenly become available. They definitely need to get their act together to deal with customer complaints in a better manner. I was able to pick out a suitable room, and we had a very pleasant stay for the remainder of the trip. With the exception of the one interaction regarding moving rooms, all of the other staff were gracious and pleasant at all times. The location was great, right on the central tube line, and we had a great trip all around.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great Little hotel	The hotel was great. I'd been warned that European hotel rooms were very small, but this room was very cozy, big enough for my friend and I and all our bags. It was very clean and warm and quiet. The staff was very helpful and polite. The little restaurant served great food at a very reasonable price. Overall a great experience. Also, the hotel is right on several bus lines and right across the street from a tube stop. The only downside, and this is probably something found all over europe, was that people could smoke in the hotel, in both the public areas and their private rooms.	
Mar 20 2007 	Good hotel but not for the young single as reviews suggest	When I booked this hotel, I choose it because it was well priced and the reviews were good.The hotel was very cute in and old British kind of way. We had an awesome room with a terrace facing Hyde Park. The hotel is directly accross the street from the Lancaster Tube Station and Hyde Park which was fantastic. The staff was friendly and the continental breakfast was good. Internet access was free and very accessible. For a London hotel, the room was a good size.On the downside; the toilets had a hard time flushing, we could not use the phone without hearing an aweful dialtone in the background, and it was a little too far west of the city for my liking. As a young single, I would not stay here again, but rather closer to Picadilly Circus because nothing of action is within walking distance to hotel.Overall, a good hotel and good value.	
Feb 27 2007 	Not so good!	What to say about the London Elizabeth Hotel. Let me first say this is not my first stay in London. I have traveled to London for pleasure six times within the past 7 years. I typically book tourist class hotels and don’t expect much from them in London other than high prices. This time I booked a Double Deluxe room with a king size bed for four nights (Room 224). I asked for a quiet room that was no smoking. The reservation desk was very good about answering my emails and taking care of the reservation prior to our arrival. The good things about the hotel are that is just across the street from Hyde Park and next to the Lancaster Gate Tube Station. The hotel staff is friendly and for the most part accommodating. The hotel room was large and it was a non smoking room. The continental breakfast was also good. We found a few nice restaurants within a couple minutes walk as well. Now for the not so good. Even though the room was non-smoking, they put us on a smoking floor. (My girlfriend is allergic to the smoke, which makes her sneeze and her eyes turn red and watery.) The hallway had the haze and smell of a bar. The smoke and smell would eventually work it’s way into the room. A hotel staff member said to us that is an ongoing problem depending on the amount of rooms occupied with smokers. The king size bed was actually two double beds pushed together. You could feel the seam between the beds and their was a small height difference between the mattresses that made the bed just that more uncomfortable.The bathroom was recently renovated but they did not replace a pretty shabby looking vanity and the shower head was not adjustable so if you are over 6 feet tall good luck getting underneath the showerhead. The wallpaper was cracking, the refrigerator in the room did not work, and the hallway carpets were all worn through. They had nothing to boil water for a cup of tea in the room. The walls are rather thin and we could very clearly hear other people in adjacent rooms speaking and listening to TV. When we inquired about moving to another room or section of the hotel that was less smoky, they informed us that they had two floors dedicated to non-smoking and the only room they had available would be an upgrade and would require us paying more money. Would I stay at the London Elizabeth again? The answer would be no. I think you can find and stay at other tourist class hotels in London with better rooms and for less money.	
Jan 29 2007 	Loved the hotel!	We've just returned from a short stay in the Elizabeth Suite of the London Elizabeth Hotel and would like to say how lovely it was. The room was elegant and looked great with its &quot;cottage&quot; style feel. The old style fireplace and four post bed finished the room of with a touch of class, whilst the bathroom was modern and comfortable. The bar and restaurant was great and served lovely food, which was priced at a reasonable value. All the staff members were very helpful and took the time to talk to you and help you with your every needs, especially the manager, who was second to none. Finally, the hotel is in a great location overlooking Hyde Park and has great links to the sights and sounds of London, with Lancaster Station about 30 yards from the entrance. A great hotel.Lee &amp; Elaine from Liverpool.	
Jan 4 2007 	great stay at london elizabeth	My 14-year old daughter and I had a great time in the London Elizabeth. Although we had booked a double room we could change that upon arrival in a twin room. Room 445 turned out to be a beautiful and spacious corner room. Unfortunately we had to change rooms after 2 nights, but again we had a nice large and clean twin-room. The staff was very nice, the hotel looked lovely in Christmas decorations, breakfast was plentiful (no cheese, or meat, but that can be bought at the little shop just around the corner). The use of the computer in the library was great and the bar was welcoming. The only down thing was that it was rather hot in the hotel ! Transportation possiblities were great with doubledecker busses right in front of the hotel to Oxford Street and Victoria Station. The walk through Hyde park, across the street, to Harrods is lovely. We will definitely stay here again !!	
Dec 31 2006 	Another Great Stay at the London Elizabeth	My husband and I stayed at the London Elizabeth for the second time this past Sept. We booked the spacious Elizabeth room with a fireplace, lovely furnishings, and large bathroom. When we arrived at the hotel the electricity was out due to a broken water main on the nearby street. The extremely friendly and helpful staff carried our large, heavy bags all the way up the stairs to our room on the top floor, provided us with candles, and recommended a nearby restaurant for dinner. The electricity came back on within 15 minutes, and we thoroughly enjoyed the remainder of our stay. Room service is fast and reliable, and the downstairs bar/lounge is a great place to hang out for an apertif or nightcap. A staff member helped us flag down a cab curbside on an extremely busy Sat. night when we went to dinner at Tamarind in Mayfair. There's also free internet access for guests in the library. Hyde Park is right across the street from the hotel so we enjoyed a pleasant walk to Kensington Palace. Queensgate, Notting Hill and Oxford Street are within walking distance as well, and the underground is literally right outside the front door of the hotel. We highly recommend the London Elizabeth.	
Dec 31 2006	Had a great Christmas week at the London Elizabeth	The requirements my adult daughter and I were looking for were: an older, small clean hotel with character that was near transportation. We found all these requirements at the London Elizabeth. The Hotel sits across from Hyde Park where we enjoyed walking and my daughter enjoyed jogging. The bus stop was in front of the Hotel and Lancaster Gate Tube was 1/2 block away. The staff were all friendly and helpful and the Hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas.The rooms at the front of the building could be noisy from the street but our room at the back was very quiet. Our twin room was small and had a shower but not a tub so we were able to upgrade to a much larger room with a tub. With the upgrade, I had passed my hotel budget but it was worth it and to make up for &quot;overspending&quot; we brought in cheese, buns, avocados, tomatoes and a bottle of wine and had some yummy meals at a fraction of the cost of going out.Renee and Teresa, Vancouver, Canada	
Dec 3 2006 	Excellent stay	This was my first stay in London, and I thoroughly enjoyed my time there. The hotel was in a good location, and extremely convenient.My room was of a good standard, although the lift was far too small. I could just fit my case in and no more!I thoroughly enjoyed the continental breakfast each morning. There was an English breakfast available, but there were enough breads and fruit available to fill me up until lunchtime.The restaurant was closed in the evening during my stay, so I could not try any evening meals.I will definitely be going back to this hotel when I'm down in the capital the next time.	
Nov 29 2006 	Never again	I stayed here with my teenage daughter for three nights late October. Location is good when the Lancaster Gate tube station is open (which it wasn't while we were there). We had specifically asked for a quiet twin room but were given a double (small queen size bed) room on the first floor next to the elevator and on top of what must have been the ventilation system for the whole hotel. Very noisy. The room had faded design, worn out carpet and curtains and the television did not work and was not repaired or replaced despite several complaints. The staff was not rude but not very helpful either. We had to ask twice for an extra sheet and blanket. The bathroom was very nice and clean though.	
Nov 16 2006 	Decent hotel for the price	The London Elizabeth was in a good location that felt safe walking around at night, and is good value considering London accomodation can be so expensive. The room was small, but was at the back of the hotel overlooking a little park so didnt have any problems with noise. We were also right next to the lift but didnt notice any noise. The buffet brekky was nice - cereal, pastries, fruit, yoghurt etc. Reception staff were not terribly helpful but were not rude either. Yes the fittings and furniture were quite dated in places, but it didnt affect our stay. One thing to watch out for though - the stairs are very uneven in places, and the roof above the stairway is low - my husband nearly had to duck so he didnt bump his head!	
Nov 10 2006 	Satisfaction depends on rate you pay.	This hotel is made up of a number of historic townhouses and as such has the potential to delight you or really tick you off. The delighting would happen a lot more often if the owners made a few small changes.For one, the rates are moderate for which one expects standard maintenance but gets budget maintenance. Stair carpet was threadbare. I had trouble with the tv, sometimes had to fiddle much too long with controls and there were very few channels offered. Hot water was anything but regular (I learned to take very short showers and still sometimes got tepid hair rinsing). Water pressure was not good in the toilets. The tubs are high and getting out of a wet one is dangerous with no mat, I slipped twice in 11 days. A table needed a screw. But I actually loved the way the floor sloped a good 3-4 inches in a few short feet - 150 years of history to walk on.Most of the employees were not friendly or helpful, but I didn't find them rude either. I asked directions and advice a number of times and nearly always found it to be lacking when I got out on the streets. It's as if they are too busy with other things behind the scenes (though there were always a number of them) and never stop to think that you're not a local. With the two combined you tend to get quick rattlings that don't offer much, or very good, information.But then, the ladies in the restaurant (and bar) were wonderful, sweet and kind. And I was allowed to check in early upon arrival without any difficulty. But then, I'd been there for a week before they started to treat me with any kind of welcome - their training obviously doesn't stress warmth or welcome.The breakfast was fine for me and a heartier one isn't terribly expensive. The room safes were appreciated. The maid and bell service was very good.For me, the bottom line was location. Being across a street from the Lancaster Gate tube station and on a busy corner was very important to me. I never felt unsafe walking alone late at night back to my hotel. The station was under construction when I was there and closed later in the year, so you might want to check the status. Paddington Station (train &amp; tube) is probably 10 mins away, but on a circuit of less busy, darker streets. Queensway &amp; Bayswater are 10-15 mins away on generally busy streets, with great shopping options.Also, two buildings and across the street to Kensington Gardens seemed good before I got there. During and after my trip - it was a real highlight.The bottom line for you will probably be a balance of price and quaintness. Get a good rate you don't mind the difficulties that come with the quaint.	
Oct 6 2006 	Wonderful Stay	We had a delightful stay in early September on our first visit to London. My husband, adult daughter and I spent four days here prior to a transatlantic cruise. We did hours of research and wanted just the right fit. This was it!! Great location, wonderful staff, small charming boutique hotel showing a little wear was OK with us. We did not want a large modern chain hotel. And we had a hard to find TRIPLE room!!The location was great, just as previous reviewers said. High ceilings, doorways and windows, with a small, always lit fireplace in the lobby. Comforable, homey furniture, a cozy sunny restaurant with white linens and large variety of breakfast items on the morning buffet, access to free internet for emails, a little bar room with leather furniture and a small rear terrace.Our room was so cute, with three comfortable single beds and a good shower. The street noise was expected, so it didn't bother us. We could look out and see Hyde Park. We also did a lot of walking in the area and always felt safe.	
Sep 14 2006	Had a Wonderful experience!	We went through tons of reviews and different websites until we found the London Elizabeth. It was everything we were looking for on our first trip to London. Lovely English decor with a small balcony overlooking a relatively quiet side street. It was so nice to step out there in the mornings and watch the people go by. The staff was helpful and friendly, no matter what hour. While the breakfast was continental style, we could eat as much as we wanted. Our room was kept clean, with plenty of towels, great water pressure on the shower, and a color TV with plenty of channels. We were in a classic double on the first floor(second floor to us in the states.) The boardroom offered free internet access and they have a bar and restaurant onsite. The hotel provided a small safe in the armoire, a telephone, clock radio and clothes press. We were very pleased with our stay. The reception area provided leaflets for attractions in the city that we really appreciated. When we found out the closest tube station was going to be closed during our stay, we emailed to ask about the nearest underground. We got back a prompt reply (Paddington) and other timely advice for our stay. I can not praise this hotel enough. They lived up to their stars.	
Sep 12 2006 	tired and shabby	A good location is the only positive thing i can say.The room was so shabby that my 11 year old daughter asked if she could sleep in the car.The t.v was black and white with no front panel.I dare not lie in the bath because i came face to face with mouldy black grouting.	
Sep 11 2006	London Elizabeth: Rude Staff POOR Service	London Elizabeth: Rude Staff and NO ServiceWe stayed here four nights and rented two rooms.This hotel is not central for sightseeing but in a lovely area. We paid for a deluxe room but I can't say there was anything deluxe about it. The second room was small and very noisey. We had specifically asked for Quiet rooms (this was booked 7 months in advance), Holes in carpet, faded design but otherwise adequate. The problem is the lack of service and plain rudeness of the majority of desk staff. We were ignored when asking for a towel, bothered by a request for ice.told they were too busy to assist us with direction; refused to take a cash payment (this was because they said they already charged my card but when I arrived they assured me that it was only &quot;pre-authorized&quot;), They claimed I booked through an agent when I went right to the website and hit reservation. Refused to call us a cab when our aiport transfer did not show. What can I say?.... this is a last resort.	
Aug 25 2006	Not my best stay in London	The London Elizabeth is in a convenient location when the Lancaster Gate tube station is open (which it wasn't while we were there). Located on the Central line you can get nearly anywhere fairly quickly. The hotel is old and dated - the banisters feel as if they could easily break. The rooms are larger than many one will find in London. The bathrooms were relatively updated which was nice. The beds were incredibly uncomfortable! And the street noise outside kept us awake. Even though the hotel has airconditioning, which is a plus, it does let in the noise from the street. Breakfast was very simple and not quite adequate for many in our family. The staff, while courteous, were quite average.	
Aug 16 2006 	Great Location	My husband, teenage son and I stayed at the London Elizabeth from 22nd - 29th July 2006.One of our reasons for booking this Hotel was the fact it overlooked Hyde Park so we thought we would have a nice outlook. This was our only disappointment - our room was in the basement (Room G10) with a lovely view of a brick wall with a busy bus stop above. This meant the room was quite noisy with the constant traffic and also very dull due to there being no natural sunlight getting into the room. Unfortunately as the hotel was fully booked we couldn't change rooms. Having said that, the room itself was very spacious with plenty of space for the three of us and spotlessly clean. The walk in wardrobe/ cupboard was handy to as an extra &quot;dressing room&quot; when we were all trying to get ready at the same time.I suppose the room did have one advantage with being in the basement - as the weather was really hot whilst we were there it meant the room didn't get overly hot as some of the other rooms as the sun wasn't beating in the windows!!!As others have said, the staff were very friendly, polite and helpful and the breakfasts were better than I had expected - a large variety of cereals, rolls, muffins, croissants, other breads/cakes as well as fresh fruit salad, yoghurts, fruit juices and boiled eggs.The location was ideal. Although Lancaster Gate Tube Station was closed it was only a five minute walk to Paddington Tube and Train Station and buses stopped outside the door every few minutes taking you to the busy West End.It was also great just to cross the road into Hyde Park where we spent a few evenings feeding the swans and ducks near Kensington Palace.On the whole, we were happy with the London Elizabeth and its location and would have no hesitation staying there again (only we would prefer a room not in the basement)	
Aug 5 2006	A Perfect Hotel	My 10-year old son and I stayed from July 27th to July 31st. I can't say enough about what a wonderful experience staying at this hotel was for us. I agree that the elevator is very small, and I did have to flush the toilet several times, but other then these very minor inconveniences I thought the hotel was perfect. I wrote many emails to the hotel before our stay with questions about the hotel and general London questions. They answered all of them promptly, and very professionally. We got to the hotel after a long overnight flight, and I was greeted warmly and offered a drink why they got my room ready early. In so many little ways, they made our stay comfortable. I will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 4 2006 	Great Hotel 	This hotel is a super place to stay for those looking for local charm and hospitality. It is not a Hilton large impersonal style hotel, but rather is the type of place where the guest feels like part of the family. Other Trip Advisor comments ripping the supposedly tawdry furnishings I feel are off base. The hotel is not brand new, but the lived in feel of it adds all the more to its charm. Our family stayed in the Grenville Janner Suite July 5-9, 2006, and we have no complaints, but lots of compliments. The front desk staff is efficient and knowledgeable re London directions and recommendations, particularly Trish Norbury and Patrick Karol. Our room - which included a roll away bed for our 13 yr old son - was good sized, well cooled by air conditioning and had a good sized bathroom. An in room safe was most appreciated, as was the small balcony. As this room was at the rear of the hotel, it was very quiet at night. Breakfast in the Rose Room was Continental style, with a good assortment of cereals, baked goods, yogurt etc. The bar is a fun place to have an evening drink, with reasonable prices, and there's a quiet outside area off the bar for fresh air and socializing. All in all, two thumbs up for this well located hotel on the north side of Hyde Park - right at the Lancaster Gate tube station, which is closed for renovation until October 2006.	
Jul 29 2006 	Some Precautions	What a great Continental Breakfast ! But not all good news. Room tiny, beds soft, shower difficult to turn on and change water temps,pillows are a hard old fiberfill, curtains worn and dilapidated, windows single pane and no protection for the onslaught of continual heavy traffic noise, elevator so tiny it fits only one person and one suitcase. Be aware!the HarrisonsPt Moody, B.C.Canada	
Jul 20 2006	Great Location	I stayed at the London Elizabeth in July with my family of five. We stayed in their standard family room on the third floor. I will have to agree with the previous review that with the windows open it gets very noisy at night but since most nights were cool while we were there we had the windows closed and the noise was not a problem. One night we ordered the air conditioner and it worked beautifully to cool the rooms.Positive notes include a very friendly and professional staff, excellent breakfast in the Rose Garden restaurant and a fantastic location to Hyde Park and the Tube with great pubs and other restaurants nearby.The hotel is a little worn and the family room was plainly decorated but if you have the budget, stay in one of their suites. We saw the conservatory while we were there and it was beautiful.	
Jul 18 2006	Lovely and great location	I requested a 3 person room for myself and my 2 teenage boys. The room we were given was very plentiful with 3 single beds with plenty of room to roam. The bathroom was a good size. The location being right across from Hyde Park and next to the Lancaster tube station was prime. Keep in mind, the Lancaster station will be closed starting July 3, 2006 for renovation. I don't remember when it will open again. There are other stations nearby, but a little bit of a walk. The intersection is a bit noisy, but it's ok as long as you don't keep your windows open while you're trying to sleep. We received wireless internet from our room which was a plus. All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel and felt that it was a great authentic london experience.	
Jul 18 2006	Good Enough	This hotel had mostly good points: 1) When I enquired about the rates by phone they volunteered a discounted rate of 90 pounds for my 1 (Saturday) night stay. 2) They upgraded me to a deluxe and rather spacious room on their own accord. 3) The location is good. It is a 5 minute walk from Paddington (at which the direct train to Heathrow Airport arrives/departs). 4) It is virtually at the entrance to Hyde Park which is rather nice. What I was not as pleased about was: 1) The bathroom door could really use a paint job. 2) They forgot to give me my wakeup call. 3) The staff member I dealt with at the front desk during check in/check out, while competent, was not particularly congenial. Overall, this was a reasonable choice.	
Jul 17 2006 	Nice location clean but a bit tired.	We stayed here for 1 night whilst attending a function at the Royal Lancaster about 50 yards away.Our room was on the 4th floor and rear facing, but still quite noisy. The decor and furniture was dated and very twee. The room was fairly clean though and the bed was fairly comfortable. The breakfast was fine but nothing special.The bar was happy to provide an ice bucket and glasses for our bottle of bubbly which was nice. The lift is the smallest I have ever been in and is not good for claustrophobics, but not typical of European hotels as another reviewer stated.The food seemed very reasonable and although we didn't eat, others said it was good.We paid £73 for our room and an extra £10 to park the car for 24 hours, and even managed to avoid the congestion charge despite crossing London to get here.All in all, an ok hotel for the money in a good location but it could do with a bit of updating.	
Jul 12 2006	clean and great location!	I am a woman and was travelling alone, and I felt completely safe in the London Elizabeth Hotel. Good sized room for London. It was very charming, the decor was a lot like being at your grandmother's house. Great location, ok breakfast, and check-in and check-out were a breeze. And the best part - clean, spacious bathrooms! Would return in a second.	
Jun 30 2006	Book this hotel and enjoy London in comfort	Looking for a clean hotel with professional staff and a great location. This hotel is as described with very comfortable and clean bedrooms and bathrooms. Being close to Oxford Street is a bonus. Step out of the hotel and look into Hyde Park and the nearest tube station is accross the road. Worth a visit.	
Jun 20 2006	Very friendly helpful staff great location	My husband and I stayed at the London Elizabeth June 7 - 10, and loved the staff, the location, and the garden terrace. The Victoria Room (deluxe double) on 3rd floor was comfortable and roomy, and the air conditioning worked very well, considering the weather was warmer than usual. The restaurant and bar staff was very accommodating. We had theater tickets and didn't have time to eat dinner before hand, so we arranged that our food be delivered to our room at 10 p.m. so it would be waiting for us when we returned from the theater. It was, and it was delicious. We ate dinner on the terrace one night, (you can choose where you want to eat, in the dining area, your room, the bar, or the terrace). The terrace is very peaceful, with lots of roses, and no traffic noise. Although the hotel is old, it is well maintained and very clean. What's funny is the size of the elevator, very small. Ask the bell staff to deliver your bags to the room instead of trying to maneuver the elevator or the stairs. The hotel is just steps away from Hyde Park, and the Lancaster Gate tube station, very easy to get around town from here. Good restaurants nearby too. If we return to London, we'll stay here again.	
Jun 18 2006	Great location - Very good budget hotel	Stayed at this hotel in June 2006, and was very happy with the choice. The hotel is located right next to Lancaster Gate tube station. The staff were friendly and the rooms were very clean. The only negative was that the hotel had no air conditioning, and London was quite warm (over 30 C).Strongly recommend this hotel for any traveller. There are cheaper places, but this place was great!	
Jun 12 2006	Good value for money nice staff	I booked this hotel for my three nights stay in London.My room (on second floor) was facing the crossroad, so it was quite noisy even during the night; moreover, weather in London has been very warm (29 C) during my stay, so the room was very warm too, and with no air conditioning (apart from a fan on the ceiling, but that was noisy). Apart from that, the room was charming and comfortable for a three star hotel in London.Room and bathroom were clean and kept clean during my stay.Position is great: walking distance from Lancaster Gate tube, on the Central line, just opposite the Italian fountains in Kensington Gardens and a short walk from Queensway, with lot of animation and good restaurants.Continental breakfast was included in room rate (Full English breakfast available on request, with surcharge), and it was good.Staff has been very nice and funny!When I'll come back to London, I'll surely try to stay again there.	
Jun 8 2006	ideal location	I recently stayed here at the london elizabeth hotel it is my third visit there , i would regard the hotel as being a family home from home feel about it. I found the staff very helpful and friendly especially the guest manager Trish who is a real credit to the operation of the hotel . The restaurant and food excellent and all staff very accomodating ,traditional english hotel very quaint right in th heart of london very highly recomended every time i go back to london i will stay there .	
Jun 8 2006	Great location good value	I first picked the London Elizabeth Hotel (LEH) about 7 years ago. Its a five minute walk from Paddington and perfect for when you arrive in London at Heathrow. LEH is also a stone's throw from Hyde Park and the Lancaster Gate Underground.I've consistently been coming back to the LEH over the years because I always receive great service from the staff and its the best value that I've found in London. The front desk will usually provide a discount off the rack rate, unless they're almost fully booked. The rooms are mostly renovated and are a good size. The Conservatory Suite is fantastic and very quiet. Breakfast is included and full English breakfast is an extra four quid. The elevator is minute but, kind of quaint; don't try to get two people into the elevator along with all your luggage - you'll get stuck!Thankfully, they also have free wireless Internet, which works admirably.	
Jun 7 2006	Charming little hotel	To celibrate my mothers 75th birthday I and my family made a trip to London. We stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel, shoosed it after reading a lot of good reviews. And we all liked the hotel. It was really close from Paddington staion (5 min walking) where we arrived by Heathrow express. We got a warm and friendly welcome at the reception. The rooms were very cute and nice, mabye a bit small. Also a bit warm but it got OK when we opened the windows. There are a lot of traffic outside the hotel but I´m a person that likes the buzy city sound so I slept very good. Extra plus for the two pillows that you got in your bed. The room was very clean and also the bathroom. Nothing wrong with the towels.The breakfast buffé was small but I´m not a breakfast person so for me everything that I wanted was on the buffé.The location for the hotel is really great. It´s only a short walk to Oxford Streed, Queensway and you have Hyde Park on the other side of the streed. You also have the subways just around the corner and the busstaion rihgt outside the hotel. Couldn´t bee better !We alos liked the hotel because it´s not big, just around 40 rooms. And the building with it´s Victorian style itselfe is so lovely.All in all, the London Elizabeth is a nice hotel that I can reccomend for it´s warmness and great location. It´s not luxury but a good middleclass hotel.Mats, Sweden	
Jun 3 2006	If you're a fan of Fawlty Towers its the place for you!	The London Elizabeth was recommended by friends who had stayed there many years ago, and also got good reviews in the tour books. No one mentioned it would be like living at Fawlty Towers, and John Cleese never showed up. Nothing worked the way it was supposed to and the staff became more befuddled by requests. For example, after the third day we finally received a tv remote control that was operable, only if you pointed it at the door (instead of the tv) and used the volume button to change the channel. Our 7:30 wake up call came at 7:42. The bartender in the &quot;lounge&quot; (the only customers besides us seemed to be the staff after they were off shift) did not know how to make any drinks, although he was a nice boy from Poland. Requests for information from the front desk were unfulfilled, &quot;Can I call you right back?&quot; I'm still waiting for that call. We were unable to locate the thermostat in our room to turn the heat down, and were told the heat was on in the whole building, was not able to be changed, and we should just open our windows. When our friends wanted to change their room, it took the front desk four hours to figure out if they had any rooms available. Our friends were placed in one room, their luggage in another, while the correct room was actually a third. Many of the other rooms were either on the basement/ground level (think dark and mysterious) or were very small, worn, and filled with street noise. These quirks are all on top of the worn and mismatched furniture, very worn carpets, and shabby towels. The hotel was &quot;charming&quot; in a way, in that the furniture was old, the elevator could only hold two people without their luggage, and it was decorated in the English garden style (I think). It's location near Hyde Park and the tube station was a plus as well. Our room was a converted conservatory, although decorated quite strangely. I've since been told there are simiilarly priced and newer, more modern hotels close by.	
Jun 2 2006	Great Location	The Location of the London Elizabeth is excellent if flying into Heathrow. You can take the Heathrow express to Paddington and walk(8mins) to the hotel from Paddington. Across the street from the hotel is Lancaster Gate tube stop which is on the central line. So, for exploring London this is great. Note, Lancaster Tube stop is closing from July - October 2006. This means you would have to walk to Queensway or Marble Arch tube stations which can take ten minutes. Hotel itself is old but well kept and rooms are very clean. Bathrooms are above average size for London. Rooms can be quite noisy and stuffy, but all have safe box in the wardrobe. Continental breakfast is avearge and you will pay extra for a poor english breakfast. Hotel staff was why I won't give this hotel a higher rating. Maybe one or two people on the staff were a bit friendly but the rest were just unpleasant and rude. I cannot beleive for the price you pay that the staff is so unpleasant and uninformed. In the end Great location, clean but stuffy rooms, average facilities and breakfast, terrible staff.	
May 28 2006 	It Really Depends on the Room	I stayed at the London Elizabeth after reading so many positive reviews of it. I was looking for an inexpensive (&lt; $200/night) hotel with broadband Internet service that was close to Hyde Park (so I could go running). Yes, it's inexpensive (by current London standards); yes, it has wireless Internet service (advertised as lobby-only, but it reached my room); yes, it is literally across the street from Hyde Park. And as other reviews note, yes, taxis go by fairly frequently (I never waited more than five minutes); yes, a simple breakfast is included in the room rate; yes, the showers are good; and yes, there is a Tube station across the street.So why did I give it one star? Because of the noise and ventilation. The London Elizabeth is on an extremely busy intersection -- and when I say busy, I mean busy at all times of the day and night. Had I been given an interior courtyard room (which I presume exist), it might have been fine, but I had a second floor (third floor to Americans) room overlooking the street. With the windows open, it was impossible to sleep. They have installed double windows to deal with this problem, and they work reasonably well, but then the room gets no ventilation. Many people don't have a problem with this, but I need either fresh air during the night -- either from outside or from an air conditioner. Outside air wasn't an option, and there was no air conditioning. Worse, one of the two heaters in the room wouldn't turn completely off, so when I woke up in the middle of the night (and who doesn't with jet lag?), my room was hot and stuffy. It was so bad that I made other arrangements and checked out two nights early.There are other issues to be aware of, more minor. The elevator is of the two-person or one-person-with-bags type, common in Europe, but be aware you're not going to take the family and the luggage up in one go. The Tube stop across the street, Lancaster Gate, is deep below ground and has only an elevator and stairs, no escalator -- and the elevator can back up seriously at peak periods. Be prepared to climb or to wait.	
May 26 2006	Superb Excellent	We went to London for a 5day long weekend. Our Hotel was the London Elizabeth at Hyde Park. We had a friendly greeting when we arrived and check in was quick and we were shown to our rooms. The rooms were very nice &amp; clean with all the amenities you would expect in a hotel room. We found the staff very courtious and friendly, on our first night we dined for our evening meal which was superb, the food was cooked to order and tasted delicious. Our days out touring London came to be very long and tiring, so once back at the Hotel we either went into the bar or ordered tea which came served on a tray into the lounge. Outside the Hotel is Hyde Park, Bus Stops to take you to most places, and taxi cabspass the Hotel quite frequently. Trish the manager was most helpful in every way possible nothing seemed too much trouble for her.We would definitely go back to London Elizabeth Hotel, and have informed all our friends if they go to London to give this one a try.We say thumbs up for this one.	
May 5 2006	Victorian Jewel	Loved this little Victorian jewel. Smart service. Mgr. Trisha top guest care. Aptly situated across from Hyde Park. Amidst everyday multi-cultural venue. Bus and tube out front. Bed and Breakfast/Dinner fare comfortable and hearty.	
May 2 2006	Good basic hotel	Stayed in a 4th floor single for 75 GBP a night. The hotel is just a bit tired; some of the paint is chipping a bit, the floor in the bathroom was at a minor slant, etc, pretty standard for London. The included breakfast is buffet only, &quot;full English&quot; costs an additional 4 GBP. There is an elevator, although it is very tiny. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The small tv was an afterthought and got very few channels, which didn't bother me as all I used it for was weather reports. The bathroom was a good size, as was the bathtub, and water pressure and temperature were both excellent. The location is good, directly across the street from the Italian fountains in Hyde Park; the Lancaster Gate tube station is right across the street, on the Central line which is quite convenient. This location is good for access to the parks, and Oxford and Knightsbridge and Mayfair shops, less so for the theaters around Shaftesbury and Covent Garden. Unlike some of the converted town house hotels this has common hotel amenities, such as room service and common areas. There is always a fire going in the lobby fireplace and the small bar has a good selection, although the bar staff isn't entirely familiar with them. I found the London Elizabeth a pleasant and comfortable place to stay at a reasonable price	
Apr 21 2006	charming eccentric wonderful hotel	What was once grand townhouses is now a somewhat offbeat central London hotel. The location is great, very safe, with efficient bus service right outside the front door and Kensington Palace just across the street. The rooms are eccentric - not your cookie cutter hotel rooms at all - clean, of varying size, and very comfortable in a homey way. The service is EXCELLENT - warm, personal, abundant. Good room service. Not grand, but cozy and genteel in its own way. If you want a glossy 5 star hotel with mega-services, this isn't for you, but if you want good service, and an amusing old-world atmosphere with tons of personality, this is the place. I will stay at the London Elizabeth again and again.	
Apr 20 2006	Great Time at London Elizabeth	This has to be the best hotel in London. Fantastic staff and management, great food, wonderful rooms and a location to die for.If you want a hotel that has everything and more you expect from a stay away from home then this has to be the place to go.Have a great time, we did !!	
Apr 20 2006	Terrible Place	I stayed there with my student daughter at the beginning of April. We found the staff to be unfriendly and uninformed (with the exception of two people). Although we requested a room with a view on an upper floor , we were placed in a small cramped room on the ground floor. Just outside our room was a bus stop and a stop sign so we heard all kinds of noise from the early AM on from people arguing to horns blowing and cars screeching. Included in our room rate was a continental breakfast, the breakfast staffwere rude, rude, rude. They made us feel unwelcome, awkward and uncomfortable. I would never even contemplate staying there again and my advice to anyone who reads this is that they shouldn't either.	
Apr 5 2006	mother daughter trip	As many of you are doing now, I spent months before our trip looking for accommodations. This was by far the best choice for the cost. We arrived early and our room was available.It was one of the smaller rooms with two beds pushed together, bathroom with a standup shower. But for a mother/daughter team it was great. Location, location, location!!!!At the airport we purchased the 7day train/bus/subway transportation card for zones 1 and 2. Right outside the hotel is the Lancaster Gate, off the central line, and it is just that CENTRAL! We rarely had to switch trains, this was nice after shows in the theater district. Usually 10:30pm everyone walked to the subways and took the train home, we did just that! Very safe, the two of us never experienced a problem.The morning buffet was sufficient, eat lots, as food is expensive in London. We had pub food once, then ate ethnic the rest of the time, this was cheaper and tastier.Take a left once outside the hotel, follow the sidewalk around back and take another main left, the first street with stores. We found an Indian restaurant to die for!!!! An internet cafe 1GBP for 30 min and a small grocery store with fresh baguettes and cheeses at 10:00pm (this was by far the cheapest way to eat)The rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels, the staff was always nice, didn't seem to know much about the different museums etc, but always directed us to the weekly magazine for information.As the last posted note said, The Lancaster Gate station will be closed several months during the summer, this was one of its main attractions.PLease enjoy the walk through Hyde park, every morning we took a stroll, and often at dusk as well.A very safe area, would definitely go there again.side note: this is NOT a hotel which houses school groups, this proved to be a very good thing! I overheard many tourists complain about their &quot;nosily, school group, infested&quot; hotels, not here!cheers, and have a great visit to London	
Apr 3 2006 	Pretty good!	My husband and I stayed at the London Elizabeth for 4 days in March 2006. We found a pretty good deal on Lastminute(--) (about 75 GBP per night for a deluxe room including all taxes and b/fast)- and this made the hotel even more appealing. I don't know if I would've thought it good value for money if we had paid the full 180GBP per room/per night which is the rate advertised in the hotel lobby. Then again, this IS London, and it's not a cheap city!!We were pleased to see we had been given the same deluxe room depicted in a photo on the hotel website - which almost never happens. So, definitely a case of &quot;what you see is what you get&quot;.If we were to go again, I think I might opt for the cheaper Standard room, as I peeked in one of them while it was being cleaned and saw that it was perfectly fine.I think the staff could've been friendlier, but I wouldn't say they were rude either.You can tell it's an old hotel, worn carpet, peeling paint, but this is not overly obvious. In fact, this adds character. The rooms however are clean. The only problem we had was with the hot water in the bathroom. The only way we could take a hot shower was to let the water run for about 10 minutes before it got hot.The buffet breakfast was ok, but you have to pay 4 GBP extra if you want the full English Breakfast.Another fantastic factor of this hotel is its location. It's directly opposite Lancaster Gate underground and a bus going to Oxford St and other tourist sites stops right outside the hotel. Considering the bus is much cheaper, we preferred it to the underground.Bottom line: Would definitely stay there again.Hope I've helped!	
Mar 20 2006	Good but not great like the first time	I stayed here approx a year ago and for me it had the wow factor. My single room was very large with a double bed and plenty of space to move around. Sure, I agreed with those that the lift was very small, but couldn't really fault the place.Fast forward to last weekend. The staff were still helpful, the location still great, the rooms still clean. The difference was the room I was in was much, much smaller. First time Iw as on the first floor, this time the second. This one had twin beds pushed together and the bathroom just had a walk in shower and not a bath with shower over it. I could see other reviewers pov, that if there were two of you in this room with a large amount of luggage there would be no space.Still, the place was still comfortable, clean and the staff were helpful.Point to note though, Lancaster Gate tube closes for a few months this summer for a refit. It might be worth checking this out before you book here as a major advantage of this hotel is its safety and proximity to the tube. I would still return here, but am now aware that not all rooms are even remotely alike.	
Mar 15 2006	Cozy 	Great hotel to stay if you want that authentic British style while in London. Great service and price includes breakfast. However the elevator was only big enough for 2 people and less than 6 feet tall. Great public transportation is available right outside.	
Mar 7 2006	Great Hotel!	I just returned from a 5 night trip to London with my family. We all agreed that the London Elizabeth was a great place to stay. With this hotel you don't have to sacrifice comfort and cleanliness for the sake of saving money. Furthermore, the hotel couldn't be more perfectly situated, as the Lancaster Gate tube station is just across the street and Paddington Station is a five minute walk. Hyde Park is across the street as well, and it can be traversed in about half an hour.ROOMS: The rooms are very clean and comfortable, and the maid service is very thorough. We had fresh towels every day. Please be advised that smoking doesn't carry quite the same stigma as it does in the States and is welcome unless othewise specified. If you don't smoke, make sure you ask for a non-smoking room. My room was relatively compact, but it was intended as a single. There was plenty of storage for clothing and suitcases. Also, rooms are heated by radiator, which you can control yourself. My room stayed as warm as I wanted (a good thing in March), but if it got too warm, I was able to open my window to let in fresh air.STAFF: The staff was very helpful during our stay, and someone was always on hand to answer questions, offer directions, and offer local advice on various attractions, etc. The waitstaff in the Rose Garden Restaurant was also excellent, and they looked after us very well.FOOD/RESTAURANT: The price of the room includes a buffet breakfast every morning. The Rose Garden room is bright and cheery, and breakfast is served two ways: the buffet and made to order. If you would like something made to order, you need to alert your waiter/waitress. Otherwise, they will assume you are having the buffet. The breakfast is standard continental fare (boiled eggs, croissants, yogurt, fruit)but it was all very good. We had room service a couple of times as well. The hotel offers 24 hour room service; no matter the time of day we ordered, our order always came to us HOT. Be sure to try the apple tartlets with custard. Lastly, there are a few restaurants just a short walk away from the hotel, as well as a couple of bars. Like a reviewer before me, I too enjoyed the Mitre pub. Not to be missed. If you are ordering food, order at the bar (the food is excellent! a rarity for pubs sometimes). Stay away from the Pride of Paddington and The Swan if you are looking for a quiet pub experience. Having been in quite a few pubs in a previous life, I can say that the Mitre is the &quot;real deal&quot;.	
Mar 6 2006	Great Service! Adequent Rooms	We arrived at the London Elizabeth around 12am on March 1st. We had a classic double room and it was large enough for 2 people, but beware of the street noise. Lucky, we live on a busy street in Chicago and are used to the noise (in fact we like it), but we did hear some complaints at breakfast the next day. As for the complementary breakfast, it was very good and I did try the English breakfast one morning and it was tasty as well. The hotel is in a great position next to Hyde Park and close to a tube stop. If you have never been to London before, do not be intemidated by the tube service, it is amazingly easy.The hotel overall was a great value. Although the rooms are a little dated, the service is wonderful and the location is perfect. We will definatly be back to the London Elizabeth soon	
Mar 5 2006	Very good for the price	We booked this hotel as part of a package through travelocity, and paid about $70 per night for a twin room (two single beds). We stayed in the most basic room - there was an upgrade to deluxe option, for about $10 more per person - which was clean and quite large for a London hotel room.The location of this hotel is excellent. There is a central line tube station across the street and it's not one of the busier stops (nice if you're just learning the ropes, I would think). It's also a 5-minute walk from the Paddington tube &amp; rail station -- three main tube lines as well as the Heathrow Express.Hotel bar is nice for a quick drink before bed, but there's also a decent pub around the block (The Miter): take a right out of the hotel, right again onto the main road (Bayswater), and then a right onto the first small street (Craven?) -- pub is not far down, on your left.Our only major issue was the shower. At first I thought there wasn't any hot water left, but after reception sent someone up (which they did, immediately) it turned out that you needed to leave the shower running for 5-7 minutes before the hot water kicked in. The handyman said it was the first time the room (#336) had been used since renovation, but the issue was not resolved before we left.I would stay here again, but I would probably upgrade to the deluxe room.	
Mar 5 2006	Good value	Finding a decent hotel room for under £70 in central London isn't easy. The London Elizabeth is in a good location, only 50 feet from a tube station and across from Hyde Park. My room was pleasant, clean and relatively spacious, the staff were friendly and efficient and the breakfast was well above average. One warning though; light sleepers won't enjoy the rooms on the front of the hotel where single pane windows don't stop the heavy traffic noise from Lancaster Terrace.	
Mar 4 2006	A Very Good Recommendation	Friends of ours stayed at the London Elizabeth last year and recommended it to us when they heard we were going to London with our 15 year old grandson. At the time we went, the hotel was having a &quot;great deal&quot;. They were converting pounds to dollars equally so that we saved approximately 40% off the normal rate of the room. We made a reservation for a Deluxe Triple and they gave us the Lancaster Suite which had lots of room for all of us including an alcove area for my husband and myself. The only fault we found with the room was that there was rough unfinished plaster on one wall, most probably from a previous repair and that it was in the basement and we would have preferred a higher floor but we know that the hotel does not have too many rooms which accommodate a &quot;triple&quot; easily so this suite was probably the best for us. The hotel and the rooms were very clean and the breakfast room was bright and cheerful. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The only fault we had was that smoking is permitted in the lobby which made it difficult for us to sit there at times, especially for my husband who had to stay at the hotel some days. The location is great, across the street from the Tube which we took all over London. We would definitely recommend the London Elizabeth and would stay there again.	
Mar 3 2006	Great location great family deal	We booked direct with the hotel, taking advantage of their family fun offer. The parking facilites are great, there is a lovely bar and lounge area with very friendly staff. Our bedroom was clean but very tired. We were also in a connecting room ajoined with a family with a baby(who woke alot)....the door was very thin and i am sure we were not too quiet earlier -having a teenager who's camp bed collapsed when she sat on it. The continental breakfast was delightful probably not worth paying extra for the minimal English. Evening meal was satisfactory, alot of the items on the menu were unavaliable. Would we stay again... yes great view of Hyde park, lovely staff and great location	
Feb 15 2006	What a London hotel should be!!!! A+	What a great place! Sure the paint's a little chipped here and there, but it's clean and the rooms are nicely decorated, and the breakfast room is lovely, and so is the staff. The location is perfect too. London is full of hotels that don't seem to care much, but this hotel obviously does, and it is a far cry from most you would find in this price range.	
Jan 30 2006 	Great Location 	If you're looking for a great location and a cozy room to spend a little time in, this hotel is perfect! My mother and I would absolutely stay here again! On recommendation of this site, I booked a 3 night stay for Jan 26 - 29. With a 10 minute walk to Marble Arch and Oxford Circus (fabulous shopping), I was pleasantly surprised to find it only a 20 minute walk through Hyde Park to Royal Albert Hall, the Natural History Museum, and Harrods. We were in room 331 and there was some street noise throughout the night, but a truly reasonable amount for being on a major street (Bayswater/Hyde Park Road).	
Jan 29 2006	best staff ever	Went on a ladies only trip to london in May. We had originally booked a hotel further up the road, and were extremely diasappointed when we arrived there. My sister-in law, neice and I decided to go for a walk to hyde park and happened accross the london elizabeth hotel. We went in and immediately liked the place. The lobby was warm and welcoming, and the staff were amazing. They managed to come up with two rooms for the six of us on the spot, and at a reduced price from their normal rate. The rooms were clean and very &quot;english&quot;. The staff were always willing to whip you up something to eat, even if the kitchen staff had gone home already. We had many fun evenings sitting in the lounge and having drinks with the other guests, or sitting in the lobby having tea with fellow guests. The breakfasts were above any expectations, and we could not have been happier with our accomodations. Also, the fact that the tube was only steps away from the hotel was an added bonus, not to mention Hyde park being accross the street. There were exceptional restaurants close by, and a pub around the corner. What more could you ask for. All six of us ladies are wanting a return trip to london, but this time with our spouses, and we wouldn't stay anywhere else but at london elizabeth hotel.	
Jan 17 2006	Good value	I stayed in a normal double room (booked in the net) for 3 nights.The hotel is clean, breakfast is very good, the tube is 50 meters away and many highlights are in a walking distance. Room size is average and stuff very friendly.On the other hand, the carpets, walls and bathroom show their age. However, it is very difficult to find a brand new hotel in the center of London, especially at this price. Moreover, noise from street and other rooms is existing, but in any case not annoying.As a conclusion, the overall impression is positive and I would definitely stay again in London Elizabeth.	
Jan 14 2006 	Regular Visitor FABULOUS HOTEL	As a regular visitor to this hotel, I feel compelled to write a review and am only sorry it has taken me so long to find this site! My aunt originally recommended The London Elizabeth to us nearly ten years ago and my sister and I, along with numerous pals from across the globe, have stayed here twice a year ever since! Many of the staff have been there for a long time - always a good sign. Manageress, Trish, is a true star and is alwasy willing to help out in any way she can. We have stayed in many different rooms from suites to the more basic accomodation and all are extremely clean and comfortable. The location is excellent and central, being right opposite Hyde Park. We enjoy many regular jaunts here before breakfast! You can also walk to Knightsbridge or Kensington through Hyde Park which is certainly a more healthy option than taking the tube - although the underground station is close by. All in all I highly recommend this hotel. Friendly staff, old worlde atmosphere, good location, great service and good value for money! Of course.. WE WILL BE BACK! Fiona	
Jan 13 2006	Charming hotel. Friendly staff.	We stayed in the Victoria Room. It was comfortable, well equipped, and clean. The location on Hyde Park (right opposite Lancaster Gate tube station) was excellent.The staff were helpful and friendly. The restaurant was simple, but good value. We would happily stay there again.	
Dec 10 2005	Friendly and fabulous	We haven't stayed yet but.... We are arriving in London next week and will be staying at the London Elizabeth Hotel. We have had a thousand questions and updated our booking at the last minute but nothing has been a problem for them. The service has been outstanding. The person we have been dealing with is Kate and she has been so fast and helpful with her replies and information. We decided on this hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor and I know we've made the right decision. I'll put a review of the hotel on tripadvisor after staying, but from what I've experienced so far, I have no doubts that it's going to be wonderful.	
Dec 10 2005	Dissapointing!	We had booked this hotel on internet based on some of the reviews published here, and wanted a typical british hotel. We stayed 8 nights, we were visiting our son who works in London, and had booked several weeks before, when we arrived the receptionist was surprised by our reservation with onlinebookings.com, and never gave us a smile nor a welcome, our reservation had obviously taken them by surprise,(a deluxe double room) so they put us in one of the underground suite, very nicely decorated with a small lounge,(same rate) I appreciated that, but the bed ! for 2 adults ? quite small, my husband nearly fell off twice while sleeping, the maids when arriving in the morning passed through the underground door which was in front of ours, were very noisy, and the lobby was situated just on top of our suite, so with wooden floors, you can imagine! :-)Half of the staff there are very nice and helping, the other half shouldn't even be working in a hotel, or needs to go through a formation for hotel business,Also the fact that smoking is allowed in the lobby is disgusting ! I don't mind that they allow it in the bar, it's your choice to go there or not.Anyway, coming from so far away, mainly to be with our son and visit London for the first time, we put up with the negative points and looked to the positive ones. It is very well situated indeed, just across the Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens, and the Lancaster Gate Metro Station, as well as near the bus stops for tours.This is definitely not a four stars hotel as advertised on some websites.	
Oct 27 2005	If you love hotels with personality this is the place!	Great hotel in a great location. Take the Heathrow Express from the airport and you'll be here door-to-door in 30 minutes (20 mins on the train to Paddington and then an easy 10 minute walk to the hotel). Lancaster Gate tube station is across the street and Paddington as mentioned above.Like many hotels that aren't built from a cookie-cutter, room selection can vary greatly. Do your homework: Study the website or hotel brochure and call them if necessary. Chances are that if your room seems cheap then you're probably on the first floor facing the street on a hot August night with no air conditioning.We put 3 people in the Conservatory Suite and all were very comfortable. Air-conditioned, quiet location in rear with wraparound windows and a lovely terrace. Small bathroom but clean and everything worked. Nice breakfast, helpful staff. Not cheap (but is anything in London?).	
Oct 10 2005 	Absolutely Fantastic!!!	Any glowing comments I could write here would be understatements, but I'll try to anyway. I am in the United States Navy, and we moved to London three and a half years ago. We lived at the London Elizabeth for six weeks while looking for an apartment to live in. Our very first impressions of life in London came from these six weeks. The rooms were elegant, the location couldn't have been more convenient, and the staff went above and beyond all expections. Speaking of the staff, on the advice of this extremely competent staff we were able to get front row seats to a play starring Matt Damon, Casey Affleck and Summer Phoenix; we were told of an opportunity to see the Queen unveil a statue and we ended up being only about 7 feet away from her; we saw all the sights any tourist would expect to see but also got insights that led us to seeing things most toursts NEVER get to see; we got valuable insight about the value of various areas during our search for an apartment, and eventually moved to one of the most energetic and vibrant neighborhoods in all of London on their recommentation, which also happened to be about as convenient to where I would be stationed without actually requiring me to live near the base; we were treated with the utmost respect and courtesy, and by the end of our initial stay we indeed felt like we were leaving family behind as we moved on to our apartment for the next three and a half years.Flash forward to the present. We had such a good experience at the London Elizabeth when we first moved to London that we decided to stay there again on our way back to the states, only this time in one of their suites. Wouldn't you know that within a few hours of our return, we were reunited with three members of the staff who ALL remembered us from the first time we stayed there! This, in my mind, cements the status of this staff as some of the best, warmest and decidedly most devoted staff we've ever come across at any hotel in any of our travels around the world. You may read here in some of these postings that the rooms are small and can be noisy...I can tell you that yes, they do have some rooms that are small, but they also have rooms that are not...but in my mind, we stayed in one of their smallest rooms when we first moved here and it was still quite comfortable. You would kind of expect to have smaller rooms in Europe to begin with, but you would especially expect the rooms to be slightly smaller in a hotel as old (but well maintained, mind you) and with as much history as this one does. In fact, we were too busy getting to know London and going off sightseeing that the room was really the least of our concerns. If we needed more space, there were plenty of communal rooms that you can resort to, like their pub, or their sitting room, or their board room...all available 24 hours a day. As for cleaning ladies being too loud, I would have to ask those claiming this why they were still in their beds at that hour when there is so much more of London to see than their rooms! This most recent stay of ours necessitated that we have a cot for our infant son, and the room was more than adequate in size, in fact, we were also able to stage several gatherings with friends right in the room itself! One other thing, the food from their room service menu is superb. They must have changed chefs in the last three and a half years, because I would have remembered that! Not to mention the fact that the cost of the food is actually a better value for the money than you would find at any nearby restaurant (not that you couldn't get a very well informed recommendation from anyone on the staff if you wanted a change of pace)...At any rate, everyone is entitled to their opinions, and here's mine. The London Elizabeth Hotel is one with style, charm, decadence, history, and the finest service you will ever receive. We will always have fond memories of our stays, and will always stay here whenever we return.	
Oct 2 2005	Samll rooms noisy	A friend and I stayed at London Elizabeth for 2 nights and were very disappointed. The room was small and the bed was very uncomfortable. The rooms are not sound-proof at all. Everything that went on outside our door could be heard clearly, and the loud maids didn't help the situation either. The only positive things about this hotel are the proximity to the metro and the accommodating staff. We knew we were arriving very early in the morning and emailed the hotel to arrange for an early check in. When we got there, the front desk knew who we were and had our room ready for us. This probably is a good hotel for budget travelers who can sleep anywhere and through anything. It's not likely that I will stay there again.	
Sep 8 2005	Good find	Good hotel for a family of four. Clean room, great location, pleasant staff and nice breakfast. Good value for a London room. Great pub around the corner near Paddington Station called the Pride of Paddington. Easy access to everything, and we avoided the tube and just used buses and taxis. Especially nice if you want to stroll through Hyde Park- just across the street.	
Sep 2 2005	Above and beyound service	My party stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel, near Hyde Park, for 5 nights in August 2005. The hotel condition is very good, the location is also, but the Staff is what set's this Hotel apart from the rest. We enjoyed pleasant conversations with nearly all the staff, day and night, and they went out of their way to be friendly and helpful..-on the day of our departure, I arrived at the airport, to discover my passport was Missing!, and became somewhat frantic...well, Trish at the hotel helped me trace it down (it had fallen out of my bag, lodged behind a night table), and then, she herself ran to the Heathrow Express, and delivered it to us in time to make our flight!-I have never encountered this kind of &quot;above and beyound&quot; service, ever, and I have stayed at hundreds of hotels in my business travel.. Great Service !	
Aug 14 2005	Great find!	I stayed at the London Elizabeth for 6 days, and found it to be thoroughly enjoyable and a GREAT location. Half a block from the Lancaster Gate tube stop (Central Line &amp; very convenient) and right across from Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens.Not new (a big part of the charm), but clean and comfortable (opted for deluxe A/C room). Very charming, and traditional in appearance. Looks just like the photos posted. Staff was very friendly, helpful. Only drawback would be the advertised internet service. That meant one computer in the &quot;Board Room&quot; that all the guests shared. Though had a laptop with me, the hotel does not have wireless service, and was told internet available in the room through dialup, and charged per minute of use. Yikes!! So people took turns and waited in line for the ONLY computer available. Not too good when kids were playing games on it!But otherwise a great find and would return.	
Aug 8 2005	Unexpected deal	I had wanted to stay at this hotel for ages but could never afford the 165 and up GBP cost. I found an online offer of 115 GBP per night including buffet breakfast and reserved two rooms...delux double. When we arrived we were given the price of 97 GBP which was a real deal during summer in London. Yes, the carpet on the stairs was worn, but the room was beautiful. Nice lotions, shampoo, etc. were included and the buffet breakfast included breads, boiled eggs, fresh fruit, juices, yogurt, cereals. A full Engolish breakfast could be added for an additional 4 GBP. The bar was nice, the garden (roses and herbs) was beautiful and the room service was very reasonable and extensive.The staff helped with all questions - and there were many since we were there right after the second bombing and were uncertain about using the tubes. The hotel offers free email access in a private room and some rooms have a small fridge. AND, the lift worked every time - it is small but it is an elevator and will get your luggage up and down. Our 2 delux double rooms were large and kept very clean.I recommend this hotel for those of us who think that paying more than $200 per night per room is a stretch. The location was special - right across the street from the fountain entrance to Hyde Park and the Lancaster Gate tube station.	
Aug 2 2005	London Elizabeth	We were a family of four in a quad room . The room was of good size. Four singles. Good location near lancaster gate tube. I can recommend London Elizabeth.Ian	
Jun 30 2005	Best staff on the planet	The London Elizabeth Hotel has the most friendly, helpful staff of any hotel I ever visited! When I arrived, there was a problem with my reservation, apparently the travel agent cancelled it by accident. I had brief visions of my vacation being ruined, but the concierge sat me down, gave me a beer, and then gave me a room on faith that everything would be straightened out.The entire hotel is in a charming Victorian style, the room was comfortable, and the continental breakfast was very nice. The internet access was free, and the hotel is very conveniently located near Hyde Park and Paddington Station.But the best thing about this hotel is the staff. They were very helpful, and in the week I stayed there, they took the trouble to get to know me. Multiple people recognized me and remembered the conversations we had. Not only did I gather great information about the area, but I also got some insight into the lives of those who live there, the books they were reading, their views on politics. I felt very welcome and like I really belonged there.Any hotel can give you three hots and a cot, but it is a rare place that can let you stay at home, even when you're half a world away.I highly recommend the London Elizabeth Hotel.Cheers, -tom	
Jun 29 2005	Stay in the Hyde Park Suite...tremendous.	We had the pleasure of staying at this lovely establishment for 6 days. The first 4 were in a standard room. Yes, small and no A/C, but hey this is Europe, and as far as I can tell A/C is not often found anywhere there. The last two nights we were upgraded to the Hyde Park Suite. This is a stunning accomodation not done justice by the promotional pictures. If you can afford it, a couple nights in the suite will cap off your visit quite memorably indeed. The breakfast is top notch, and we ate delicious and reasonably priced suppers out on the terrace in the rose garden, served by the gracious and friendly staff. I have stayed many places in London and enjoyed this hotel the most.	
Jun 27 2005	What's Not To Like?	This is the first booking I've made based on the reviews on this site. I looked up hotels based on their rates then cross-referenced them against the reviews on here. I was a bit nerous as I'd got a really good rate and cheap hotel and London don't ususally go together. I needn't have worried, this was lovely. The room was in my view large, the bathroom was spacious with lots of towels, nice Neutrogena shampoos and gels etc.There was a Casablanca fan on the roof, so I didn't feel there was a need for air-conditioning. The lift is indeed very small. I was luckily on the first floor and therefore didn't use it much, but I can see that somebody with a lot of luggage might have difficulty.My only minor gripe was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. This was compensated by the fact that your choice of tea can be brought to your room in a nice china teapot with a piece of cake from room service.Friendly staff and place with real character.Chances are I'll be back. Thank you Tripadvisor reviewers for pointing me in the direction of the London Elizabeth.	
Jun 21 2005	Magnificent Ambience!	We stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel from 2nd June to 4th June. Although the passages &amp; lift were small, our room was truly very beautiful. It looked very victorian. Pretty crystal lightings, a huge fireplace and a wonderful view of the street below. We were very close to the Lancaster Gate underground. The bus stop outside was very convenient too. It had a direct bus to Westminister Bridge. The rose garden served very good breakfast. Above all, the staff was very polite and attentive. We had booked under the &quot;Family Fun Break&quot; package and really enjoyed the whole experience. We will surely be back whenever we return to London.	
Jun 2 2005	Beware!	The pictures and the ad were lovely but the reality was a shocker! We knew that rooms are smaller in London but this was a closet! When our luggage was in the room we had to climb over our carry-ons to get to the bed. The room was called a &quot;standard room&quot;, meaning no air conditioning and we were in the attic! You can imagine how hot it was. The rooms shown on the internet were not identified as deluxe rooms. We feel their &quot;standards&quot; are pretty low. The bed was a lumpy mattress on the floor and not even a queen size. The towels were scratchy, thin and smelled funny.The hotel itself is a pretty, very old building in a beautiful setting, right across from Hyde Park. The staff was very patient and informative, they gets lots of praise from us for helping us time and again get to the places we needed to go. If you use this hotel ask lots of questions and try to get a &quot;deluxe&quot; room on the first or second floor. Your chances of getting out of this old place if it caught fire and you were on the third or fourth floor would be pretty slim.	
Jun 2 2005	Great Location Good Value	My wife and I stayed at the London Elizabeth for 12 nights in early to Mid May 2005. The Elizabeth has a nice European feel and charm. It is small, but has a traditional, old fashion ambience. Small but pleasant lobby, attentive staff, and clean and well kempt throughout. Our room was small but nice and certainly adequate for the 2 of us. We booked through a budget site online, and there are larger, more expensive rooms and suites. A continental breakfast was included. It was not extensive, but certainly quite adequate. The breakfast room is pleasant and the staff was very good.We think the location is great. Right across from the Lancaster Gate of Hyde Park, the Elizabeth has a bus stop right out front served by 4 useful bus routes, and is about 50 yards away to the Lancaster Gate Tube stop on the Central Line. It is within easy walk distance of Paddington Station, and it's immediate neighborhood is a pleasant residential area. We loved being just steps away from Hyde Park and all that it offers.	
May 25 2005	Our Home Away From Home	The London Elizabeth Hotel made our London experience amazing. It's location across from Hyde Park and close to tube and bus stations were only a few of the many features that made our stay pleasurable. The best part of the hotel was its staff. Not only were they very knowledgable they were extremely friendly and welcoming - every guest was made to feel like they were at home, a part of the family. While the accomodations are not what we experience in North America, our room was extremely clean and comfortable. It was nice to start our day off with the enjoyable continental breakfast and to return &quot;home&quot; at the end of a long day of walking and sit by the fire with a pot of coffee or tea served in true English style. While the hotel did not offer a restaurant for lunch or dinner, an outstanding room service was available 24 hours a day and could be served in the various areas of the hotel. Any questions we had or concerns we approached the staff with were responded to promptly and effectively. For a bunch of Canadian girls traveling half way around the world the London Elizabeth Hotel become our home away from home.	
May 14 2005	Honeymoon in London	We had a very pleasant 6 nights. This hotel has a very helpful friendly staff, but do not expect the same standards of accommodations as in the States. We had booked a double room but upgraded to the Montague Suite after feeling the double room was very dingy. The Suite was much better, the bathroom a good size, and although we were on the street not real noisy. It would not have matter how noisy it was outside because we were sightseeing from 8am and returning to your room at 11pm dead tired. It was always lovely to return to our suite. It was nice to have breakfast included each morning but by far the best quality of this hotel is the location!!! It is situated right across from beautiful Hyde Park, not far from Kensington Palace/Park, Victoria/Albert Museum, and directly across the street from the Underground! This was a fantastic perk to have the Underground so close as we used it everyday. The Underground in London is suburb, easy to navigate, and an excellent way to get around London!! The bottom line…. London is a very, very expensive city (we have traveled all over the world) and the London Elizabeth is a value for your dollar.	
May 13 2005	Great Place!	Just returned from a week at this hotel. The staff was accomodating and helpful. Although the kitchen wait staff seemed grumpy-- not outwardly, you just got the vibe that they hated their job! We had a split stay. The first part, we were on the first floor however and the room was a little 'tired' and a bit stuffy, but completely adequate. I would also say it was standard size for Europe, a bit on the cosy side. The noise on the first floor didn't bother me, but if you're a light sleeper, bring earplugs. And I'd avoid 1st floor rooms in the summer as the windows do not open (double glazed I assume to cut down on traffic noise) They were willing to move us the next day but we decided to stay.Our return landed us on the 3rd floor with a very much nicer room than the 1st floor, however only a shower, no bath.Its proximity to the Lancaster Gate tube stop is fantastic, literally a 30 second walk.The morning breakfast was completely adequate, I don't know who'd want more. We ended up skipping lunch a couple days. Full English costs extra but there's cereals, yoghurt, fruit, juice, assorted rolls, etc.I think the rates are much higher than what the room was worth if it were in the U.S., but not by London standards where it seems only the dumpiest of places is under $100.	
May 11 2005 	Good (but not more)	I travel to London one week every month and stay at 2-3 star hotels in the £60-80 category. I booked the London Elizabeth at £65 which it was worth, but would not stay there for more.I stayed at the hotel for a week in April while on business and have mixed feelings. The immediate feeling upon entering the hotel was not that great, but lifted by very friendly receptionists. The entrance is on a very busy street and the lobby not very cozy. Getting up to the room might be a problem for anyone who is not fit (the elevator was filled by 2 people and very slow). I had a single room which was (given standards in London) quite pleasant, however the bed-cover was quite seedy and the yellow blanket likewise. The bathroom was small but tidy and seemed newly re-decorated (big plus). Again, given standards in London, the bathroom was very good!The breakfast was sufficient, but in the area both the Westminster Hotel and the Best Western Mornington are far better, if breakfast is important. So all-in-all my general review stays at GOOD.Other hotels in the area you may want to check, if you can get them at the £60-75/night interval, in comparison to the Elizabeth:Best Western Mornington: + for beds and breakfast, - for bathroomWestminster Hotel: + breakfast, - for bathroomCorus Hotel Hyde Park: + design and amenities (in new rooms), = breakfast, - room sizeHope this helps, and enjoy your trip to London!	
Apr 27 2005	Traditional English Style	My sister and I stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel and were delighted with the style of the hotel.We did book our twin room over the internet, however when we got to the hotel, our twin room was not available. On the brightside however, we were given the Montague Suite. It has a double bed, a sitting area with a couch and pretend fire place setting. The bathroom is quite large and has a hairdryer.The only negative point about the suite was its location in the building. It was in the basement, so there was no view out the window, apart from the legs of people walking by.The continental breakfast was more than adequate with croissants, pastries, yogurt and cereal available. The hotels location was wonderful. Directly across from Hyde Park, and across the road from the Lancaster Gate underground station. It is a short 5 minute walk down the road to Marble Arch, where many shops and tour buses go around.	
Apr 10 2005	Not great	I stayed at the London Elizabeth in 2002 with a friend. Upon arriving in our room, we were met with horrible smell coming from the bathroom vent in the floor. The hotel staff changed our room immediately. Our new room was large, but very noisy at night due to traffic on the outside street. We were very close to Kensington Park, the best part of our stay. The hotel lift is very small, when checking in only one person could ride with the luggage while the other one used the stairs. Hallways were very small and there were serious level changes (uphill/downhill) in the corridors. Breakfast was ok. I was hoping for something a little nicer after looking at the rooms on the website. Perhaps the hotel has been refurbished since 2002....	
Apr 10 2005	Spectacular (but we were lucky...)	Just stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel in the Hyde Park Suite. It was HUGE!! It had a large sitting area and a grand sleeping area separated by folding leaded glass doors - with lots of dark &quot;antique&quot; furniture, period details and some funky added touches. The bathroom was marble with a 14&quot; shower head in the ceiling. (Neutrogena toiletries). We had both a front and a back baclony. We were upgraded (for free) from a standard room, which appeared much smaller and much less elegant. Breakfast was fine - nothing grand. Room service was speedy and reasonable. The location is great - an easy walk to Paddington, right on Hyde Park/Kennsington Gardens and only a few feet from a tube stop (Lancaster Gate). The neighborhood is pretty and safe. The hotel is on quite a busy street and the trafic noise could be troublesome to some.	
Apr 6 2005	Loved the London Elizabeth	I got a good price for a standard single room at the London Elizabeth hotel for Easter week after reading the reviews here. The room was on the ground floor, but had double windows and was very quiet despite the busy street outside. The room was very nice and large for a London hotel room. The bath was a good size and had a tub with shower and heated towel rack. The room was kept at a very nice temperature with the enclosed radiators under the windows. The room included two twin beds, two night stands, a desk, a table with 2 chairs, a TV cabinet that contained a medium sized TV, and an adequate closet in the entry hall. Everything was well kept and clean. The staff was very friendly and available 24 hours a day. Breakfast was nice. The included breakfast consisted of several kinds of bread and pastries, fruit salad, boiled eggs, several kinds of cereal, yogurt, juice and milk, coffee and tea. You could order a full English breakfast for extra cost. A computer with internet service was available in the Boardroom for guest use. I found the London Elizabeth to be an outstanding value for London and will stay there again.	
Feb 23 2005	Nice Quiet. Convenient Hotel	My two teenage boys and I stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel for 4 nights in February. We had a very comfortable room called the Conservatory Suite. It had a queen sized bed and a twin sized bed, which suited our group of 3 perfectly. The beds slept very well and the room was very quiet. The room has a small balcony, garden which would have been very nice in good weather. The hotel is a bit shabby and old looking, but not distasteful. The hotel has a small bar which serves drinks and snacks. The breakfast room is very nice. The breakfast included with the room is a continental breakfast. Most of the staff were very helpful and friendly. The neighborhood seems very nice and safe. There are not alot of restaurants near the hotel, but many can be reached by a short walk or underground ride. The hotel is right across from the fountains at Kensington Gardens, which are very beautiful. The best thing about the location is that the Lancaster Gate Underground stop is right across the street. Also, the hotel has a great $1=pound=euro deal which makes the hotel priced right.	
Feb 1 2005	A wonderful London experience	We stayed at the London Elizabeth from the 30th December 04 to the 6th January 05. It is a wonderful hotel for those wanting a true London experience at a good price. The hotel is not new, it is made up of three private Victorian houses, but has great charm and warmth and the staff are very friendly and always helpful. We are two adults and a child of 13 and had Room 449, the only King bedded room, with an extra single bed. The room was large enough for the three of us plus some pretty bulky luggage.The room has two windows that open on to the street, but in winter, we had them only open a few inches for fresh air, so were not unduly disturbed by street noise or traffic. It could be different in summer, and if street noise bothers you, worth asking for a room at the back. The room has a fairsized closet, desk and dressing table with drawer space as well.The bathroom is small, but adequate, a bathtub and shower. Hot water almost all of the time, shower pressure not terrific, but perfectly acceptable. Fresh towels everyday and bed linen changed every alternate day.There is a tiny lift, just two persons at a time, but the staff will deliver your luggage to your room.Continental breakfast is included in the price, with a choice of cereals, croissants and muffins, hot toast to your table, a fruit salad and yoghurt. An English Breakfast is available at a supplement .The Room service menu is quite adequate and reasonably priced for evenings where you don't want to venture out, after a full day.The location of this hotel is ideal for visitors, two minutes walk from Lancaster Gate Tube and a brisk fifteen minutes from Paddington, which has a number of restaurants, most cuisines you would wish for. The Tube gets you into the West End in a few minutes. There is a Bus stop right outside the front door, the buses take you (or easy connections) to most of the major sightseeing districts. Hyde Park is just across the road, ideal for early morning walks. Trish, the Guest Relations Manager and her staff at the front desk are very friendly, always happy to point you in the right direction, make bookings, etc. We used their recommended Taxi service to take us back to Heathrow, a flat rate of GBP 35.00.I had researched this hotel on the web for months prior to our trip and used recommendations by other Tripadvisor users. Both my husband and I are in the Hospitality Industry and therefore quite fussy about where we stay. I can honestly say we were very happy with our choice and would happily stay at the LE again. We took advantage of their Dollar = Pound offer and this made it a great deal. It is not a luxury hotel, but for the price, a wonderful find.A tip for those not quite decided when to travel. Go in the Northern winter, there are no queues, it is easy to get into attractions and restaurants. The weather stayed fine for us most of our five weeks in Europe and we would definitely go in winter the next time round.	
Oct 26 2004	Good location - lots of traffic	Our family of four (two children, 3 and 12) stayed at the Elizabeth hotel from Friday to Monday. We had reserved a family room and were given a room on the second floor with two extra beds - not a lot of extra space though and it faced the street, i.e. a lot of noise from the traffic, quite disturbing. Big bathroom (for London hotels anyway) with excellent shower/bath, but a bit worn. Really small elevator, which our children enjoyed while we climbed the stairs... Good breakfast, even including hardboiled eggs. Great location, very close to the tube and buses to Oxford St stop outside the hotel. Hyde Park just across the street, with beautiful fountains and even a playground for children, which we enjoyed. All in all, very conveniently located - but the room we were given was a bit worn and the traffic noise was disturbing. Would consider staying here again if we could have a room not facing the street.	
Oct 20 2004	Birthday Trip to London	Five great days in London.....ending with my wife's birthday being celebrated on our last day. Doesn't get much better than that!!Our stay at the London Elizabeth Hotel was very pleasant. Our room was large (though not the one we reserved) but we didn't mind. The room was clean (but there is room for improvement with the housekeeping staff). The outstanding features were the delicious breakfast served every morning, and included with the room charge, and the helpful staff at the front desk. After day one, they remembered our names and always interacted with us in a friendly manner. We enjoyed the neighborhood. Tour books spoke of the neighborhood as a wasteland for restaurants. But we had no trouble finding some quaint and charming places to eat. It was unbelieveably close to public transportation. We loved being able to walk across the street to the park and sit by a lovely fountain as we read during the late afternoon. After a busy day of &quot;touring&quot; it was a great way to unwind before dinner.All in all, a very good place to use as home base on your trip to London. If we return to London, we would certainly consider staying at the London Elizabeth Hotel.	
Oct 19 2004	staff great very helpful	The hotel was so convient for us with subway(tube) right across the street.The Elizabeth is a little worn, but staff more than made up for it very helpful giving us a bigger room after night in very very small one . We joked that this was a test and if we passed we get to stay in bigger room .We passed. Hyde Park across the street and real nice Indian restaurant within a block. A2 bus stops across the street so makes a quick trip to and from Heathrow ...very convenient.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 12 2004	Friendly staff great value	Had two very pleasant nights here. Large clean comfortable room, friendly and helpful staff. On the edge of Kensington Gardens, so reasonably quiet and has safe parking at back of hotel. We would certainly use this hotel again anytime we're in London.	
Sep 11 2004	Disappointing Stay	We reserved a double room at this hotel, months in advance, for four nights. The hotel itself is pretty and is in a good location; however, our sleeping room was the tiniest we've ever stayed in anywhere. On a positive note, our room had an incredibly huge stained glass window (which, when opened, overlooked a parking lot) and an enormous walk-in closet that was the size of the sleeping room itself. Weird. Our main complaint stemmed from the consistent odor in the bathroom sink that just never went away...but it's an old property with old plumbing. We wouldn't stay here again.	
Aug 29 2004	Great Family Stay	Just returned from a great stay at the London Elizabeth. We had booked a family suite, when we arrived we found out that the room we were booked in wasn't available, without us requesting the change, the staff put us into two rooms for the family suite price. All staff was very friendly and helpful.The room was quiet and comfortable (on a below ground level), with a good strong shower, but strangely, only half a shower door. (?)Breakfast very tasty and included in the room price.The location is ideal, one block from a subway station, across the street from Hyde Park. My children and I walked across the park past the Albert Memorial to the Natural History and Victoria and Albert Museums.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 1 2004	Pleasant friendly hotel	Our stay at the London Elizabeth in July 2004 was an extremely pleasant one. The staff are helpful, the rooms are spacious, and the locale is a good one to use as a base for exploring London. An added bonus was the generous breakfast included in the room rate.Minor quibbles: adjacent to a main thoroughfare so a little noisy; faulty fire alarm woke us up at 5am!Otherwise a good hotel, reasonably priced for London; I recommend it.	
Jul 12 2004	can't find a better family deal in London!	We chose this hotel because it was one of the cheapest ones recommended on Karen Browne's website. It really is a bargain for families visiting London. The four of us payed GBP250 (all inclusive) for 2 nights in June, including tickets for 4 to the London Eye, cocktails the first night, a dinner and 2 breakfasts! Our small room had 3 single beds and a cot. It was not luxurious; the simple furniture, blankets and carpets are in need of updating. But the hotel is clean and the bathroom was nice and modern. The hotel is conveniently located accross the street from Hyde Park and walking distance from Paddington Station, which is where the Heathrow Express dropped us off. But our room on the 4th floor was very noisy from the traffic on Lancaster Terrrace, starting at 5 in the morning. The hotel has an elevator. The barman was a friendly Polish man and the service at the front desk depends on the receptionist who happens to be there.We met couples there who had booked a theater package -also great value!- and they said their rooms were really nice like the ones they show on their website (4 poster beds etc).	
Jul 5 2004	Friendly staff comfortable rooms great price!	Stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel for three days last week and loved it! I was worried after reading some of the reviews, especially about concierge knowledge, and learnt that the hotel had two new receptionists. During my stay, there was always someone around who could help. They helped me out with everything, from places to go, restaurants, theatres, everything. The room was cosy and felt very homely. I didn't go for a deluxe room as I was travelling on my own, but I did see them and they are beautiful. For single people travelling on their own, I recommend this hotel, as you feel really at home. I will definitely be back. The staff are great, nothing is too much trouble for them.	
Jul 1 2004	Typical London hotel both good and bad	Purchased a deluxe double off lastminute.com for a one-night stay here. The hotel was as advertised: well situated, cozy, comfortably worn. With the online price break it was a fair value. But the imperfections annoyed me. I was upgraded to the pretty &quot;Elizabeth Room&quot; on the top floor, yet when I requested a room closer to ground level, I was told the hotel was full. (So how'd I get a premium room for 98 pounds?) I asked if the tiny elevator was trustworthy and was told, &quot;well, not 100%,&quot; leaving me to climb 96 steps to my room. I found hair (plural) in my bathtub--not a deal-breaker but truly unpleasant. And my 7:30 wake-up call came at 7:15. I thought the staff was quite accommodating for a London hotel, and my stay worked out fine, but prepare yourself properly.	
Jun 30 2004	home from home	As soon as we walked in we where greeted by a smile and made to feel very welcome, our room was not ready as it was only early Trish the manager on duty ordered us coffee and sat with us and gave us maps and directions. We bought tickets for the London Eye at the Hotel and it was added to our bill. The staff where great and nothing was to much trouble for them, we walked accross the street to the tube station and to Hyde Park armed with a bag of bread from the hotel staff. We stayed here for only four nights our room was nice and at the back, so not so much street noise. This will be our home from home every time we are in London.	
Jun 30 2004	Position comfort and value - a great combination	We stayed at the Elizabeth for 4 nights in April. For the first night we were in a room off to the right of reception which embodied all the negatives that tripadvisors have reported - it was tight and it was tired. However a friendly discussion ensured that we were upgraded to one of the twins at the back with the bathroom up a small flight of stairs. This lovely room with plenty of space made a world of difference.Good breakfast and position - just over the road from Hyde Park. One shower of rain will demonstrate the value of having a bus stop right at the door. Would we go there again? Absolutely.	
Jun 18 2004	Nice rooms but the concierge service was poor	The hotel is charming. The room was nice, clean but hot and stuffy -- could not get the air conditioner to give off any cool air but could open the windows and get a nice breeze. Location is nice, just across the street from the Lancaster Gate tube stop and also just across from Hyde Park. My complaint was with the staff. They were all friendly, but knew absolutely nothing about London. They were unable to answer questions about how to sign up for bus tours of the city, hours of the biggest attractions, or even give recommendations for restaurants. We happened to be in London for the Trooping of the Colours (a celebration of the Queen's birthday) and they had no idea what I was talking about when I asked for more information about it. My best guess is that they were students from another country who were working at the hotel for the summer. Their lack of knowledge of the city made me feel like I was loosing out on a lot of the possibilities that the city offers. I think the hotel is wrong to say they have a concierge when their staff is unable to even make dinner reservations (they just told me I had to call the restaurant myself).	
May 31 2004	Simply great!	My wife and I spent 7 nights at the London Elizabeth Hotel in April 2004 and we were delighted with our choice which we researched through Trip Advisor. I had read other reviews about London hotels being expensive, pokey and worn-out with staff that were less than friendly. I am very pleased to say that none of these things describe this hotel. Our rooms (we had two separate stays) were tastefully furnished with comfortable beds. Most importantly, there was no traffic noise whatsoever. The location of this hotel is perfect for exploring London. The bus stops outside the hotel and the Lancaster Gate underground station is opposite. If you choose to walk, central London is only 15-20 minutes away along Bayswater Road. Harrod's is on the opposite side of Hyde Park which is adjacent to the hotel. We booked this hotel over the internet and had no problems whatsoever. Trish (Hotel Manager) and her staff looked after us very well and ensured that we left with fond memories of our stay. We would certainly recommend this hotel to others. 	
May 23 2004	Wonderful quirky place -- make sure you upgrade	I decided to book at the London Elizabeth primarily due to the good reviews written at Trip Advisor (and carefully reading the bad ones and why people were disappointed).We had a wonderful stay (last week in April 2004), but the best piece of advise is to upgrade your room choice rather than book at the lowest discount levels because there is a huge difference in the quality of room. Even by upgrading, you'll still get a heck of a deal in this most expensive of cities (especially with the dollar to GBP conversion). Plus you're right across the street from Hyde Park, literally steps from the Lancaster Terrace tube stop, and the bus stops directly in front.The staff was wonderful, our room was delightfully quirky, the breakfasts more than adequate, and the pub downstairs had its share of colorful locals. All in all we had a fabulous stay. The only negative for us was the lack of internet connection that made life difficult.Just make that room upgrade!	
May 6 2004	Best location in London	I stayed four nights at the London Elizabeth Hotel and loved the location...right next to beautiful Hyde Park. The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful and since this was my first trip to England, they were indispensible with their knowledge of where to go and what to see in London. The hotel is a charming Victorian and my room at the back of the hotel was quiet and comfortable. The staff made me feel like one of the family! I would highly recommend the London Elizabeth and will stay here again if in London again.	
May 4 2004	Wonderful stay at the London Elizabeth	I stayed five nights at the London Elizabeth in February 2004. As a former hotel employee, I have very high hotel standards. The London Elizabeth met and exceeded all of them. The staff was incredibly friendly, charming and helpful and the room was beautiful and clean. Add that to the London Elizabeth's perfect location and you have a first rate hotel experience. I'm looking forward to returning to London and when I do I will definitely stay there again.	
May 3 2004	Charming Hotel Friendly Staff	We stayed at the London Elizabeth last winter and had a wonderful time. The rooms were elegant and very clean. The staff was very friendly. It was our first trip to London and they gave us great recommendations on where to go and what to do. Highly recommended.	
Apr 22 2004	Simply the worst. $425.00 thrown away.	We were so disturbed by the shabby and dirty interior that we changed hotels and were charged the full amount for two rooms for one night. The Barrie suite mentioned in another review is below ground, a full flight of narrow stairs, near the kitchen. A kitchen worker helped us with our liggage. We were offered the only other room available for the night on the 4th floor. The elevator fits one person with luggage or two very friendly people and looked completely unreliable so we decided to walk up. After getting up the seemingly endless, steep, rarely vaccuumed, staircases we were shown the smallest, ugliest room ever. The entire hotel was completely dingy, worn, chipped and gloomy. Since I was celebrating my 50th birthday, which they were aware, of I could NOT stay there. We switched to the Royal Horseguards which was CHEAPER and exceptionally lovely, a king room overlooking the Thames. I don't know where those other guests are used to staying but being a frequent traveller, I was appalled.	
Apr 15 2004	Mixed Review	Our experience at the London Elizabeth was mixed. I had taken advantage of the &quot;dollars for pounds&quot; special and reserved 2 non-smoking adjacent rooms for our family of 4. When we arrived and found that the rooms were in different wings, I accepted the explanation that adjacent rooms could be requested but not guaranteed. I was less understanding when we got into bed and discovered the linen smelled strongly of smoke, later finding an ashtray in the room. The next morning I protested and they did put my husband and I into a very nice non-smoking suite for a night. Our things were moved for us, which was thoughtful, but a nice sweater was lost in the move, which was a bummer.  The desk staff were helpful in arranging for us to have a quad room for a discount for the rest of our stay. All of the rooms were too warm for us and we had to choose between a very noisy ceiling fan or a stifling hot room. Didn't sleep well any of the nights.  The breakfast was fairly good with attentive staff. It is right at a tube station and across from Hyde park. Everything was clean. There was a free but very slow internet computer.  All in all a mixed review. I think next time I will try a different hotel.	
Apr 15 2004	Enthusiastically Recommended	A travel companion and I stayed at the LEH for 5 nights in January 2004. We shared a standard twin room. The room was decorated in a frilly victorian style, which is usually not my thing, but here it felt like part of the English experience. The bathroom was clean and modern and we enjoyed the Neutrogena products. Each morning we fortified ourselves with the LEH breakfast and each night, after hoofing around the city, it was a joy to return to the LEH. We took advantage of their 1GBP = $1 promotion and found it to be an excellent value.	
Apr 8 2004	Great Hotel	We stayed in two rooms (four adults) for a week at the London Elizabeth. We all think this is one of the best in its class hotels that we've ever visited. The staff bent over backwards to help us with everything from show tickets to restaurant/pub recommendations to internet access. The hotel is charming and well located. Yes, it's not the Ritz, but we were treated as welcomed and important guests and the rooms and amenities were far better than we expected. Every guest that we met at the hotel (mostly Americans, by the way) loved it. I don't give praise lightly, but the London Elizabeth is a really special place.	
Mar 29 2004	Just okay but for the price it'll do	We had the Barrie Suite which was quite spacious. The room has no view, but we appreciated the fact that it was quiet. The only problem with this room was the fact that the bed was quite small (only a full). The breakfast was boring and we constantly had to ask the wait staff for everything. The front desk staff wasn't overly friendly. The hotel is conveniently located across the street from the tube and you can't beat the pounds for dollars deal. I do not think I would pay full price for this hotel.	
Mar 27 2004	Suitable for one night only and then......	This hotel is suitable if you are desperate and then for one night only. The hotel is worn out and the continental breakfast served was only fair. The only redeeming quality of this hotel is the location. The rate regular rate for single was adveretised as GBP100, tho I got it 30% less thru the internet. I shan't stay here again. By the way, the 10&quot; TV was at least colour.	
Mar 26 2004	A great place to stay	We just spent 7 nights at the London Elizabeth Hotel and loved it. We were upgraded to a Deluxe Twin at the back of the building which was spacious and quiet. The staff were very helpful and went out of their way to help us. One amenity not mentioned by the other reviewers is that they have hot water (although sometimes you had to let it run sometimes) for the shower/tub.The location is great. I would recommend buying the London Transport travel pass which allows you unlimited use of the Tube and buses - you need to order it before you leave the States. You can get a map of all the bus routes at the Tube, although not all of them have the complete map (pink cover).We also found several good restaurants within a five to 10 minute walk, and with the convenience of the Tube/bus you can get to more dining opitons quite quickly and easily. You can have high tea at the Orangery in the Kensington Palace enclave, which is located in Kensington Park across from the hotel.We would stay at the hotel again and especially liked the $1=1 GBP promotion which definitely helped streched our dollars.	
Mar 24 2004	Greatest deal in London!	The location is amazing- the staff is great! I would definately recommned this hotel! it is the best value you will find! Breakfast is good- people are great-Although Something to watch out for: make sure when you book that you ask for a room that is in the back [they are doing construction and the room in the front was very loud from the construction and traffic] They will do everything they can to ccomodate you! I have gone to london 5 times and this is the greatest place I hve found!	
Mar 24 2004	Good value	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the London Elizabeth. We stayed in an Executive Room and used the $1 = 1GBP deal which was a great value considering the exchange rate. The room and the hotel were exactly as represented on the hotel's website. Our room was very comfortable, good bed, nice bathroom, fairly quiet. Location is good, but not too many restaurants or shops in the immediate vicinity. Tube is right across the street, and the A2 airbus from LHR stops right in front. A good value in an expensive city.	
Mar 21 2004	Location Service 	Booked a single room through ***************** and paid 50% of the listed rates. Hotel is superbly located with #12/94 bus stop at front door, tube station across the street and Hyde Park opposite. 5 minute walk from Paddington Station and Heathrow Express. Of many budget London hotels I have visited, this is the best value and most convenient. Especially good for women travelling alone - door equipped with peep hole and safety latch, safe in room, attentive front desk staff. Other conveniences: ceiling fan, hair dryer, windows that open easily, lift/elevator (tiny but operational), heated towel bar, small but powerful shower and Neutragena bath products provided, good Continental breakfast buffet. Non-smoking room asked for and provided. I would stay here again - absolutely! (as long as they don't boost the rates...)	
Mar 11 2004	charming in every sense of the word	great hotel!!! took advantage of the $ equals a pound promotion (ends march 31st....). very convienant location: can walk to paddington gate to catch the heathrow express, tube located less than half a block and a bus stop is located a few feet from the hotel. my brother and i stayed in an executive suite and there was more than enough space for us. the hotel is across the street from hyde park, we could see it from our windows. very clean and the staff was wonderful! it may not be the ritz, but it was very charming and suited our needs perfectly!	
Feb 25 2004	Great Location 	London Elizabeth is a nice hotel. My stay was for one week. Had great service, staff was very nice. Room was comfortable (Lancaster Suite for the price of deluxe double). Why I would recommend this hotel: 1) Great location: on the edge of Hyde park and about 50 yards from the underground station (Lancaster Gate tube, which is on the Central line to london), 2) They had a great European breakfast, a good start for the day, and 3) Their great 1pound to $1, if you pay with traveler checks or cash.	
Feb 23 2004	Great If i'm in London again I'm there	I stayed there for three days; my room was in the first floor. It is really nice place to be. Location is amazing, so close to everything. People are friendly, breakfast is good, and the rate I got is really cheap. If you are going there I recommend to reserve at least two weeks ahead, I got half the price from the net.	
Feb 19 2004	Charm + Location	We had a spacious ground-floor room complete with a faux fireplace. The only drawback was the traffic noise and the groups of people waiting outside our window for the bus. But, hey . . . we're here to have fun. The people at the desk were friendly and courteous. The hotel is accross the street from Hyde park and within easy walking distance of the tube. We felt we got a good value relative to other hotels.	
Jan 31 2004	A fantastic friendly hotel.	I stayed in the hotel for one week enjoying a visit to the capital. The hotel is clean, friendly and it has a pleasant atmosphere. The food is extremly good. I had breakfast and the evening meal.The hotel is located on the edge of Hyde Park adjacent Lancaster Gate underground station (central line) but it is so close to central London and a walk across the park or around the perimeter of Hyde Park is very pleasant.	
Jan 30 2004	Needs some work	What was described as a &quot;Deluxe&quot; accommodation was nothing of the kind. Room was in desperate need of painting. Ceiling was peeling away, wall paint chipped, carpet stained, and dirty. Evening staff was rude. Room was supposed to have had a view of Hyde Park. We had a view of the constuction going on across the street. Our shuttle to Paddington station cost us additional 7 pounds, approx. $13 US for a 5 min. ride. Would never stay here again.	
Jan 28 2004	Good stay	Great location-near tube/Hyde Park. The staff was very friendly and helpful (especially as we stayed here with our 19 month old). Room was clean, pretty spacious with nice bathroom. Some major construction going on across the street, so sleeping late was out of the question. Breakfast was decent, but nothing grand. I'd stay there again.	
Jan 5 2004	Wonderful hotel	I just recently returned from a 6 night stay at this wonderful small hotel. The staff was outstanding. My room was lovely, everything I needed. The location is ideal. Will definately stay here when in London again next August.	
Dec 2 2003	Great location wonderful stay!	I stayed at the London Elizabeth Hotel during Thanksgiving week, 2003. The location is perfect, across the street from Kensington Gardens on one corner and the Lancaster Gate tube on the other. Each room is uniquely decorated, clean and comfortable. The front desk, dining room and bar staff are excellent, accommodating and friendly. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2003	Greville Janner Suite	We recently visited London and England for our first time.We consider ourselves fairly seasoned travelers.We defineately lucked out with our choice of London Elizabeth Hotel.We had the Greville Janner Suite at this wonderful hotel and were thrilled with the room, the staff,the location,etc. The hotel itself is basically across the street from Hyde Park, has a tube station very close,and is easy to get just about anywhere in London with a bit of direction or a good city map.We spent 9 nights here,took many day trips,such as Leeds Castle, Dover,etc.It was always a pleasure to come 'home' to the Greville Janner Suite.It was spacious,clean,well decorated,and above all,secluded and quiet,as it is located on the lobby floor at the rear of the hotel.ALL people who work here are kind,friendly,and helpful.TOP NOTCH !! Dennis and Mary,San Diego,CA.	
Sep 14 2003	London Elizabeth a Gem	I stayed at the London Elizabeth in March of 2003. I stumbled upon this gem after spending 3 nights down the road in Sussex Gardens at MUCH lesser quality establishment. The sign out front had their offers on it, but suggested coming in to see if a &quot;special offer&quot; could be arranged. I was brave and went inside. After telling them my horror story of the place down the road, I found this establishment VERY accomodating. The manager herself showed me not one but three rooms to choose from and made me an EXCEPTIONAL offer to stay. I moved from the Rose Court hotel down the way and moved into this lovely place. The lift is probably the world's tiniest, but the staff more than willing to take bags up in or outside the lift. The food was great in a charming dining room. Room service was prompt and polite. I had to have a 3:30 am wake up call to get a cab and train to take a flight from Stansted to Germany. They offererd me a room service breakfast at that ungodly hour of the morning. A very nice place. I highly recommend it and hope to stay there in October when I go back to London. If you plan to stay here, plan ahead to take your tarriff payment in American currency if from the states as you can save a great deal with their cash 1 dollar = 1 pound special offer. I give this gem a Platinum star!!	
Aug 15 2003	Absolutely fantastic	Our stay at the London Elizabeth was absolutely fantastic. The staff, the location, the rooms-everything was perfect. Day or night the staff is there to assist you with any problem. Whatever you want, they will find a way to help you get it. The rooms are beautiful. There is access across the street to the underground and a bus stop in front of the hotel which makes getting around easy. I absolutely loved the little rose garden out back and Kensington gardens just across the street. I was most impressed by the fact that everyone working there seemed to take pride in what they were doing. What was important to the guests was important to the staff. I must also say that the owner and his wife are two of the nicest people I have ever met.	
Aug 7 2003	Simply brilliant	I found the comfort, charm and service exceptional! Not only was our suite gorgeous, the staff was friendly and helped with everything imaginable! The hotel's central location made it perfect for sightseeing. A bus stop is located outside the front door and across the street is the underground. Walk across the street and you find yourself in Hyde Park and Kensington Garden and Oxford Street is just a few minutes away for a great day of shopping.The staff made me feel like a part of their family. I appreciate their help and kindness. Our sweet was so beautiful and comfortable--perfect after a busy day in London. It was a simply brilliant holiday!	
Jul 28 2003	Can`t Complain		
Jul 25 2003	Top Class hotel		
Jul 4 2003	great location		
Jun 13 2003	Charming hotel great location		
May 9 2003	Enjoyable and Comfortable Stay!		
Apr 27 2003	A great hotel value right on Hyde Park		
Apr 23 2003	friendly great location		
Feb 11 2003	Stay Away From This Hotel!		
Jan 22 2003	Try Something Else		
Jan 10 2003	Tacky dining room.		
Nov 14 2009 	hotel carino ottima posizione...		
Jun 17 2009 	anniversario di matrimonio		
May 30 2009 	Atmosfera British e posizione strategica		
Apr 24 2009 	Bon service mais hôtel en mauvais état		
Apr 20 2009 	Acogedor limpio ubicación excelente. El ascensor era pequeñísimo.		
Apr 17 2009 	De 4e keer maar meteen ook de laatste keer		
Apr 15 2009 	Encanto británico		
Apr 13 2009 	Prestation assez bonne mais sans plus...		
Mar 31 2009 	di gran lunga sopra media per Londra		
Mar 30 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Mar 16 2009 	Muy buena eleción		
Feb 14 2009 	Very Good Service and nice location!		
Oct 29 2008	Ottima scelta		
Sep 16 2008 	Fantasticamente....Londra		
May 5 2008 	Ottimo scelta per tutti i gusti		
May 3 2008 	cumplió nuestras expectativas		
May 11 2007	décadence du luxe passé		
