Nov 15 2009 	Excellent service and location	Just off Park Lane and near Green Park, rooms and hotel have been refurbished and upgraded to a good size and comfortable level. Staff are helpful and friendly. Good breakfast. Overall this is a good choice for business or leisure, as it clearly met the expectations of a group of japanese ladies also there on holiday who always demand high service levels with keen prices.	
Oct 31 2009 	location and comfort	Reception were very helpful with quick check-in, the rooms were in excellant condition,clean and new looking with all the usual equipment.We stopped one night for a theatre break, for which the hotel is very well placed, it is just one stop away on the tube or easily reached on foot. Breakfast was very good with helpful pleasant staff on hand if needed, no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would definately use again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Brochure says 4 star but really 3 1/2 star	We were there for 4 nights during September. It's in a great location, the rooms are tastefully done, the bathroom is awesome but where they fell short was on the quality of the beds. Let me go back a bit, we had just be 0n a 35 day european trip that included two cruises and hotels in Barcelona, Rome, Venice, Amsterdam and Stockholm. This hotel Hd the WORST BEDS! they were extremely had, no fluffy pillows or duvets. I called down to front office to see if they had a thick mattress pad or feather bed they could bring up. They said no. In fact they had no idea what I was talking about. this would have made all the difference in my stay and they could have remedied the problem with going out and buying one. Needless to say I had an aching back for the whole duration of the stay. If a hard bed and flimsy blacks and pillows don't bother you, it's a fine hotel but for me it's all about the bed when you are exhausted and just want to get down to a comfortable nights sleep. Brochure says it's a 4 star but it's really a 3 1/2 star because of the mattress quality and the bedding.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and wonderful service	We were in London for just one night before boarding the Crystal Symphony for a cruise.The hotel is located very well near Hyde Park. The concierge was very nice helping us find the museum that we wanted to go to as well as the restuarant. The room was clean, bed comfortable. However, both the room and bathroom were quite small as is the case with many European hotels. The breakfast was very nice. I would stay there again for a longer period of time.	
Sep 25 2009 	Indifferent experience	I stayed two nights (in two different rooms) in this hotel. My office is afew minutes walk away, so it was pretty convenient. When I checked in to the first room, they informed me that they had upgraded me to an Executive King room - not that I was that fussed, it was just somewhere to sleep for a few hours. As is often the case with big hotels, everywhere was far too hot and, although the windows would open, they wouldn't stay open. The room was large but pretty sparsely funished and it all looked quite tired. Maybe I'm just picky, but the wirdest thing was that there was no decoration on the walls - I would expect even a Travelodge to have a few pictures up. Still, I was tired, so I crashed out. Despite the heat the night before, I woke up cold, as there was only one blanket and sheet on the bed.Next night, they kept me waiting for 5 minutes while they checked with housekeeping if my room ws ready (bear in mind that it was nearly 6pm). Eventually, they upgraded me to a Junior Suite, which was just the most ludicrous room. Huge (particularly as all I cared about was the bed) and hot again. No cold water from the tap - I hate brushing my teeth with warm water. Again, very little (and poor) furniture and no pictures etc on the walls. Odd!The next morning I couldn't get any hot water for my shower, so I had to have a cold one. I mentioned this to reception and they offered me another room, but I had already showered by then.All in all, I expected much better, particularly at these rates.	
Sep 22 2009 	Perfect Location and amazing rooms!	Stayed here for 1 night mid-week in august 09 and had a fantastic experience. Got an excellent rate and the room was large, modern and clean and the tube was only a couple of minutes walk down the street. Loads of pubs and restaurants in the area too. Staff were super-friendly and helpful, and there was a huge variety for breakfast. I'd definitely stay here again next time in London. Can't find any faults here at all, i'm really surprised this place isnt a 5 star!	
Sep 22 2009 	Fantastic location - definitely recommend the restaurant!	I stayed at the Washington Mayfair a couple of months ago and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff were incredibly friendly and made sure I had everything I needed. There was a really pleasant atmosphere and the staff were happy to help with any requests I had.I was pleased to see tea and coffee making facilities in the room! The last few places I have stayed haven't provided this so it made a welcome change.My room was clean and comfortable, plenty of room and actually quite a bit bigger than some of the hotel rooms I have stayed in recently. I had dinner in the hotel restaurant the night I stayed. The menu was varied, very reasonably priced and I was tempted by a few items but settled for a steak (Very pleased with my choice). They had a number of offers on at the restaurant, definitely worth a visit. One of the other guests recommended the afternoon tea - unfortunately I didn't get to try it, but a good excuse to return!The hotel is in a great location - very easily accessed by tube (Green Park) and loads of attractions are on your doorstep. I was on business when I stayed here, but I'm planning on coming back with my partner one weekend.	
Sep 21 2009 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	We spent a night at the Washington Mayfair- and were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room, it was very spacious, clean and stylishly decorated. I couldn't fault it. The hotel is only a couple of minutes walk to the underground (green park) plus many places are within walking distance, and perfect if you're going out in the west end. staff were all really friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was great value. I would definitely recommend staying there.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Location and Bed Service	I spent a week in Washington Mayfair and I was a bit disappointed. The hotel is in a great location, few minutes from Green Park tube station but service is bad for 4* hotel a price GBP 315. No iron in room (only after requests), no umbrella, not enough electricity adopter for euro standard, wi-fi is bad, expensive IDSL, rooms are small. Overall, I would stay again at this place but not at that price.	
Sep 6 2009 	A real home away from home.	I arrived at the Washington early, 11 am, and had was delighted to find that they were very accommodating; happy to hold my bags until they could get me into a room, and my luggage was waiting for me in my room upon my check-in. John was one of the concierge on my arrival day and was very personable and friendly, and also brought me an adaptor within minutes of my calling and asking. This was my first trip to London and upon reading many reviews for many different hotels I was very pleased to find that the double rooms were VERY spacious for a solo-traveler. The bathrooms are large and accommodating (although remember in EU it's not custom to provide wash cloths, you might request these), the room easily held my two large suitcases, the mess that inevitably ensued after I &quot;unpacked&quot; them both, and all of my shopping bags that ended up in there as well. It was very contemporary, and I was happy to find I had 2 awesome floor length mirrors on my closet (essential for the female traveler who doesn't only wear Birkis and carpenter pants).The room rate was 113 pounds a night, and upon talking to some locals realized not only was it a great rate but, as it was put to me, &quot;Mayfair is the Boardwalk and Park Place of London Monopoly,&quot; I found this to be very true. The area is filled with beautiful victorian town homes and quaint shops and eateries frequented by the local business professionals. A very safe part of town, and I frequently went out alone with my purse dressed to the nines feeling none-the-bit unsafe or out of place, and sometimes UNDER dressed. The hotel is located directly across from a Nero coffee, and cater-cornered from a Tesco. I found the Tesco especially helpful on my days that I wanted to simply explore the city and snack. The Washington is also just a few steps away from the lovely Shepherd Market which has incredible eateries such as The Little Square (gorgeous burgers), The Market Brasserie (per Mick's recommendation), and Shepherd's Tavern (Jamie's recommendation). Taking a left out of the hotel, you can walk straight down and find another little market area with a Subway restaurant (they don't have ice), a laundry house and a Western Union, if need be. The Green Park tube is just 2 1/2 blocks way; you can take a right on Bolton street and be there in minutes. Also, on Piccadilly, right before the tube station is a great eatery called Henry's. I found the hotel to be central to everything I needed; great food, awesome tourist sites (green park, Buckingham Palace, etc.), great nightlife for those who like something a little more low-key, and very friendly locals was what I experienced.The staff was INCREDIBLE. I almost literally could not say enough about them, the concierge in particular. There wasn't a morning, afternoon or evening that I went by when I wasn't greeted very specifically by each of them, and often conversations ensued. They were eager to give advice, directions, and even just a friendly ear when needed. I was mugged up on Edgware Rd the night before my intended departure and found them all to be compassionate and even concerned for my general well being. Mick was particularly accommodating and helped me get my hotel arrangements sorted, as my debits and cash were gone, including my passport. John and Mick both helped me with information regarding the embassy and I felt a real sense of concern for my safety. The management, or desk...not sure how that works, worked with me easily as I had to extend my stay day after day with my frustrating trips back and forth to the embassy. When I said goodbye to the Washington Mayfair I felt as though I was leaving family and a home away from home. Tomas, Mick, John, Trevor, Mickael, Jamie, Laziz, and Fabricius were the best concierge of any hotel I've ever experienced, and the establishment in and of itself had an air of old fashioned consideration and kindness unlike any that I've experienced in all of my travels. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough, and WILL to anyone I know traveling to London. Thank you Washington Mayfair for having such great standards and going above and beyond the typical hotel mentality this day in age!	
Aug 27 2009 	Very high standard hotel central location	As a group of six ladies, we stayed in this hotel and we all thought the rooms were of a very high standard of decor and comfort. The location is very central within walking distance of many London attractions. Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, Picadilly Circus, Soho and many others. Green Park station is only minutes walk away and the Tour Bus is also just down the road. We also walked to Kensington and visited Harrods which is approx 20 minutes walk away. But the area is well serviced with buses and the underground. All and all we would recommend this hotel and we would visit again, as we thought it was good value for money.	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent Location - Highly Recommended	This was a great hotel. Can be quite expensive though. We booked directly and got a good price of approx 100 pounds a night - breakfast was excluded though. It was clean and the location was ideal. Quiet, i can't think of any negatives. Rooms weren't enormous but they were a good size. the hotel was close to the tube too. Will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 20 2009 	Brilliant hotel friendly staff and central location	This hotel is fantastic, on my last visit to London I stayed in the 4star Holiday Inn which wasn't anywhere near as good as the Washington Mayfair. Across the road from the hotel is the lovely Shepperds Market with quaint pubs, restaurants and shops. Mayfair is a lovely area to stay in and only a 10 minute walk either to the Piccadilly area or Oxford Street and Hyde Park area. The Green Park station is close by and across the Green Park walk way is Buckingham Palace. The hotel to stay in wasn't that expensive for London prices (Holiday Inn was more) though we didn't eat or drink in the hotel as choice around this area is great. The rooms are quite large and very well kept decorated modernly with maid service every day. It is also located up a quiet street so not much noise, I would highly recommend this hotel and will definately be staying here again on my next visit to London.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic service!!!	I would just like to say that I was very impressed with the Concierge at the Washington ! The Gentleman that helped me was called Mick or close to this!(I think it said head concierge I noticed on the badge) He gave me great directions got me tickets I wanted and I could understand what he was saying and he understood me unlike other areas of the hotel !Rooms are o.k I stayed because I had a meeting close by not sure if hotel should be star rated as high as it is! more like a 3 star . Good location.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel - Great location friendly staff very clean bright rooms	I have stayed at the Washington on several occasions and cannot recommend it highly enough. The staff are very professional and friendly which makes for excellent service. I honestly have never had a complaint on any of the many occasions I have stayed there. Try out their resturant also, great food at a reasonable price.	
Jul 12 2009 	Fantastic location	This hotel is in such a great location. We never had any issues with the room or service. It all went very smoothly. My only gripe would be the lack of net curtains in the bedroom. We overlooked an office gym and could see right in so no privacy unless we closed the curtains completely. The room was a reasonable size as normally you can't swing a cat! Great shower. All you need for a London sight-seeing base.	
Jul 8 2009 	Customer Service non existant	The level of service in this hotel is terrible, we arrived at the entrance and like the previous review were not met by anyone and the concierge was sitting looking at the computer while his associate appeared to be staring into space. There was no acknowledgement of our arrival at all. Check in was quiet efficient except for the fact that there was no directions to the lifts / stairs or request if we wanted assistance with our luggage.Throughout the stay of 2 days we were not acknowledged on our entrance to the hotel once by a variety of concierge staff and as the desk is directly opposite the door you would expect even a smile.I have stayed here previously and this was not the case but i wil not be staying here again. The location is excellent but there are other hotels very close by that will provide a higher level of service i'm sure for probably a lesser price.	
Jun 29 2009 	Maddisons Resturaunt a hidden gem in a expensive part of town.	We booked a meal at the resturaunt through Last Minute .com and booked a 3 course meal at 20.00 on a Sat night for only £10 per head.Was a little aprehensive regarding the quality of the meals but this was unfounded.The service was impeccable and the meal excellent value indeed, it appeared that all the resturaunt was in on the deal. The menu was limited but a vegetarion was available . The drinks were expensive £7.00 a pint but iced water was freely available and as I stated the food presentaion was first class. Hot bread rolls were a plentyAnother nice touch was no service charge was added but you would have be ice cold not to leave a tip at such great value and service, It is only 5 mins walk from Green Park Station. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Mayfair which is only 5 minutes walk away.	
Jun 17 2009	Great hotel - great location!	The Washington Hotel was everything that we could have asked for. The room was quite accommodating with plenty of space for my sister and I to live in for a few days. The staff was absolutely the best...very friendly and helpful at all times. The food was very good and a great way to start each day without having to look for a place to have breakfast. The location was fantastic, being so close to the Underground station at Green Park and so many other sites.	
Jun 2 2009 	Millionaires Location	Stayed here for 1 night after a west end show. The hotel rooms are modern and clean.The hotel is in a fantastic area with a 5 minute walk to Park Lane, 5 min to Buckingham Palace and 10 minutes to theatre.The only problem we found was at 6am there was a really loud noise which was either the air con or next doors power shower. (very loud)Would stay there again (£122 inc breakfast) 1800hotels.com.	
May 29 2009 	This hotel does not live up to it's expectations	I booked a stay at this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday present. I paid £235 for a suite with a whirpool bath. The whirpool bath proceeded to churn out black gunk. After changing suite some 90minutes later we were put into a smoking suite where I had specifically asked for no smoking therefore I had to sleep with the windows open which in turn made the room noisy. This suite had a whirpool bath which too made a lot of noise but no whirpool effect to speak of. We went down to dinner and were served cold mussels which after warming again came back about one degree warmer! Be careful if accepting a glass of wine from the bar if the bottle is open, for us it was the most expensive on the menu and we were not informed! I felt the bed was uncomfortable. On complaining at checkout we were pressured into settling the bill with the promise of the manager getting in touch to sort things out. Our total bill was £291 and all the manager would offer is £27 off the bill and a reduction if we came back again. As it was a 40th birthday present and the quality and after service is poor why would I go back again! Wake up Washington Hotel if you had offered me a sensible amount of compensation I would book again anyway and not be held to ransome to come back!!!	
May 27 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at the Washington for two nights which we booked as a 'superbreak' via National Express Trains. Not our normal practice but we booked late and this was a great combined price. We knew the area and planned a bit of a foodie weekend. The Washington is the perfect location for this and there are numerous Michelin starred eateries within walking distance. We particularly recommend Murano - almost next door. If you want something more informal, try Shepherd's Market. Nice evening atmosphere and great if it's a warm evening.The big plus for the Washington is the location, closely followed by the recently refurbished rooms and relatively quiet street. The downside is that the lobby and public areas are dull, dull, dull. No bar atmosphere at all and compared to other nearby hotels, the wlecome is very ordinary. In Mayfair, you expect a doorman and a barman who can make a decent cocktail. I'm afraid, that isn't the style here. Still, breakfast was ok and staff were friendly.As other reviewers have said, the rooms and corridors are incredibly hot. Rooms have aircon though and it was very effective , so - apart form a huge carbon footprint - no problem.Would we stay again? - yes. If the price is right,, you'll be hard pressed to find a better location that allows you to walk to most of the sights but come back to a more peaceful hotel. Wake up though at the Washington. You could do better than this and command a higher room rate as well.	
May 15 2009 	Great location	The rooms have been recently refurbished, very modern and attractive. Large and comfortable, bathrooms were also comfortable though a bit small. We were there for a week on business and I can't recommend a better location in Mayfair than this property.Its opposite Shepherd's market which is a typical English eatery area, there is a Tesco Express bang opposite and the tube station is a 5 minute walk.The service was wonderful, they have a large lobby and other meeting areas where they serve hot and cold beverages. Breakfast was wholesome, and was included in our rate.I would stay there each time I return to London for the sheer location and comfort.	
May 9 2009	Great location and great value if you can get a good rate	I've stayed here several times before and would recommend to anyone. We paid £100 in total per night including breakfast which was amazing value for money for a hotel of this standard (an internet prepaid deal). Staff always friendly and helpful. The rooms have been redecorated since my first visit and I'm not sure it's an improvement. Style over substance with little thought to practicialites. For example the bed side lamps had large brown shades which masked about 90% of the light; trendy square washbasin takes up so much space there's no room for a washbag; rails in wardrobe so high we could hardly reach them; mirrors abounded but none with decent lightning or unobstructed views. These were minor distractions given you're hardly in the room when in a city like London. Main point would be the twin beds were narrow and would not recommend for a tall/large person. Breakfast bountiful and well presented. Plenty of small cafes nearby if you don't want to pay for breakfast. Public rooms a bit gaudy and tired and could do with a makeover. But location (5 mins to Green Park tube station, 10 mins to Piccadilly Circus, 15 mins to Oxford Street) and frequent chances to get a good rate on line make this hotel one of my favourites in London.	
May 7 2009 	Great location	We booked with lastminute.com under their 'Top Secret Hotels' offer and got a very good deal at £90 per room per night on the May Bank Holiday weekend. We arrived at 11am on the Friday. Our room was ready and we were checked-in in minutes. Our room was modern and clean. Slightly small, but average for London. The bathroom was well equipped with a powerful shower (over the bath).We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as it was £19.50 per person. There is a Tesco Express accross the road and a Pret a Manger and a Starbucks less than 5 mins walk away, accross the road from Green Park tube station. There is also lots within walking distance, like Green Park, St James' Park, The Ritz Carlton Hotel (for afternoon tea) and Buckingham Palace (if the weather is nice - we actually walked back from the London Eye because it was sunny).I would definitely recommend this hotel and we will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent Location and Good Value for Money	The hotel is very easy to find. It is located on a very quiet street and the hotel itself is quiet and unpretentious. The rooms are very cosy but modern and represent excellent value for money. The only niggle we had was with the bedding, there was simply one sheet and a wool blanket however, the rooms were extremely warm so we weren't cold in the night. There is a lovely coffee bar and tesco express directly opposite the hotel, which was very handy. It is also free to park outside the hotel on a Sunday so we saved alot of money on parking. We would stay here again!!	
Apr 2 2009 	Great location good value	This hotel is located a stone's throw from Piccadilly, right in the middle of London. It was very good value for its quality and location (&lt;£120 on laterooms) and was a very comfortable base for a weekend city break. The rooms have been newly refurbished and ours was well appointed and nicely decorated. Some of the older reviews probably pre-date the refurb. There were one or two niggles - a dodgy window catch, a rather noisy air-conditioning unit and, as ever in this country, not many free TV channels. These, however, were minor in the grand scheme of things. We were a couple of minutes from Green Park and the tube and a short walk from Hyde Park and Oxford Street. If I'd never been to London before this would have made a perfect location to start from and the next time I visit London there's every chance that I'd stay here again. Also be aware that by turning left at the front of the hotel and walking a couple of minutes to Lansdowne Row you can enjoy one of the best value breakfasts on the planet at Katies. Enjoy.	
Mar 16 2009 	Disappointed for the cost	We booked the Washington Mayfair without hesitation due to it's star rating and the pictures on it's website, a mistake!Upon arrival we were assured a good room by the receptionist on the fifth floor. Travelling up to the room it became apparent how HOT the hotel is, we were literally sweltering by the time we reached the room door - &quot;better than cold&quot; I thought! The porter brought the bag promptly and initially the room seemed nice.Upon arriving back at the hotel late that night, and with the absence of the London traffic noise in the background, it became apparent how noisy the heating/fan/something was in our room. I checked to make sure the air-conditioning was turned off, but still the heating fan churned away.By the middle of the night you could lie in some parts of the bed and be cold whilst others be hot. We tried to find some spare blankets to help with the colder side of the bed to no avail. By 5am I had hardly slept and felt worse than when I'd arrived! To add insult to injury the mini-bar-porter knocked on the door @ 9-10am insisting on checking the fridge even though we told him we hadn't used it.Finally upon checking out I expected reception to ask if our stay was satisfactory, giving me the opportunity to point our the short-comings of the room; unfortunately no such opportunity was given and we were promptly dispatched.We wouldn't stay again at the current rates, and question if this should really be a 3-star hotel!	
Mar 13 2009 	I'd return here anyday - excellent	Never wrote a review before but i had to follwing my weekend to the Washington Mayfair in Feb 2009. I changed my hotel booking to the Washington the day before my trip following a look at the reviews of the other hotel which looked to be poor.Sooo glad I changed my booking as the Washington is a fantastic hotel.The rooms were of a really high standard and nipping clean. The breakfast and the staff were great too. Location was excellent, only a short walk to the main shopping areas, and it's really close to the Tube (and on the Piccadilly Line which is excellent for access to all main attractions). I would definately stay here again and have already recommended it to others.	
Mar 13 2009 	Lovely hotel	We had a lovely stay at the Washington. Great location. Our room was lovely and modern and extremely clean and a really comfortable bed.Just across the road is Shepherd's Market with lovely small restaurants and pubs. Check out the Italian restaurant, great for Sunday breakfast and the service is good and the owners very welcoming.I would certain stay again.Mojo	
Mar 9 2009 	Like the new rooms	Have stayed at the Washington several times as love the location, right beside Green Park &amp; close to Selfridges (although don't think my credit card company thinks so!) Hadn't been for a while and in the meantime they have completely changed all the rooms. They were gorgeous! Loved the new decor, and the new bathrooms. Also liked the fact that when we arrived, we still recognised members of staff from before, who were really friendly and helpful.	
Mar 8 2009 	OK - but has some flaws	Location of this hotel is great - very close to Green Park tube, and our stay was not unpleasent, the decor and cleanliness of the hotel and rooms were very good however there are a few things to note... In a four star hotel I do not expect to find my window cracked and held togther with sticky tape. Other points to note are the heating is difficult to control, the room was for the most part like a sauna which made sleeping difficult - the alternative was to put the cold blower on which made whoever was sleeping next to it too cold. On the subject of temperature - cold water seemed to be non existent in the basin - the cold flow from the mixer tap was mostly hot and I mean HOT we did on the odd occasion manage to get cold water. The fridge was designed in such a way that to open and close it you had to battle with the wardorbe door to force it past - this appeared to be due to the fridge being too big for the wardrobe it was in. Talking of the wardrobe - no long hanging space as the rail was above the afore mentioned fridge. One other failing for me was that there was no tea and coffee facilities - drinks had to be ordered from room service at what appeared to be an additional cost. On the plus side - best shower I have come accross in a long time and wonderfully soft dressing gowns. My only other point to mention is that if you use the bar note that they serve doubles as the norm	
Feb 1 2009 	The Best Hotel we have stayed at in London	We couldn't fault any aspect of the hotel - friendly and helpful staff, lovely room with a balcony. Really smart decor and a nice sized room. When we asked for extra tea and milk for our room as we left the bar at midnight - the porter gave us a huge handful! The breakfast was really good and the rooms very quiet so we really enjoyed our stay. Its a very good location very close to the tube and only 10 mins walk to Oxford Street. We booked last minute and only paid £130!	
Dec 16 2008 	Fantastic Stay	I stayed at the Washington this October with my elderly parents, and it was a lovely experience.The location of this Hotel,in the heart of Mayfair and just a few walking minutes away from the underground, is superb. The staff who handled our check in were friendly and very forthcoming about our request to have two adjoining rooms, which I had not specified when making the reservation.The rooms themselves are very comfortable and stylish and have obviously been refurbished only recently. The one letdown was a leak in my parents' bathroom. However, when we reported this staff were once again very pleasant and arranged for an engineer to resolve the issue almost immediately.Should I need a hotel room in London again I will definitely return.	
Dec 7 2008 	Love the rooms - great location	Loved the Washington!There was nothing too much trouble for the staff, and although check in was a bit slow due to the arrival of conference delegates the check in staff were very apologetic for the delay- which makes all the difference!The entrance area is not up to the same standard as the rest of the hotel but do not be put off- the rooms are very stylish (newly renovated and not bashed like some hotels) and I would definately stay here again. The hotel is about a block back from Park Lane and is in easy walking distance of green park &amp; hyde park corner tube stops.We stayed during the week and ate at the hotel too and although it was very quiet in the restaurant the food was fantastic- would recommend the chick pea tagine!Free internet access in rooms and PCs provided in reception free also!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great experience	Helpful concierge and check-in.Refurbished room delightful. No extra charge for internet a bonus.Room service excellent, food very good.Overall, excellent well priced hotel in a good location.Will definitely return.	
Oct 31 2008	Very Impressive!	I highly recommend this hotel! I tend to visit about twice a year, and have done ever since 2005, and am yet to find any significant fault.The location of the washington, situated in the heart of mayfair, is very good, being only a 5 minutes walk to green park, 10 minutes to buckingham palace and 20 minutes to piccadilly circus. Aside from the location, the hotel itself never fails to please. The staff are always very helpful, and do everything they can to make you feel welcome. The rooms, which previously used to let the hotel down somewhat, have all been refurbished, and are now very impressive. There is always a good selection at breakfast, and the few times I have eaten in the restaurant for dinner, I have been very impressed.I have always been very pleased with this hotel, and even more so more that the rooms have been upgraded. This is without doubt one of the best hotels in the mayfair area.	
Aug 12 2008 	Absolutely Terrible	Do not, I repeat DO NOT, check into the Washington Mayfair. We reserved a room after being in the Marriott Maida Vale for a week, which was a beautiful hotel but was located far from the city center in a dangerous district. As soon as we walked into the Washington Mayfair we could see that the information on the website was utter fabrication. Third-rate at best, it smelled awful, the staff was condescending and practically badgered you for tips and the rooms looked NOTHING like what was promised online. We had been given a non-smoking room; three people were smoking just outside it. The bedding was torn, the curtains did not close properly and the television had about five channels. The furniture was absolutely ghastly, the type you would expect in a cheap hostel, not a place where the cost of a room was equivalent to a junior suite at a Marriott hotel. At first we were prepared to stomach it, but the smell in the room was actually suffocating a member of my party with asthma and there were cockroaches in the tiny bathroom, so we checked out an hour after we arrived. The staff tried to convince us to change rooms, but upon going up to see the room we were offered we discovered it was exactly the same as the other one and even less wheelchair accessible, which we needed as a member of my party was in a wheelchair. We were told that we would be charged for a night's stay as the check-out time had been fifteen minutes ago, but we were so desperate to leave that we agreed to pay, upon which we discovered that they had charged us an extra 45 pounds for a rollaway bed - a practise none of us have seen in any four or five star hotel. Instead of arguing, we left. The Marriott Marble Arch, even closer to Oxford street and of far superior quality, had a larger, wheelchair accessible room and charged us less than the Washington Mayfair, and it had the room ready five minutes after we arrived even though we had booked it half an hour previously, whereas at the Washington Mayfair we waited for two hours in the lobby, which was shoddily and sparsely furnished, staffed by unfriendly unpeople and offered small dishes of cheap Chinese nuts.Utterly horrendous. I have stayed in Mayfair hotels many times and this one does not deserve to be associated with the area at all. Even though I usually dislike staying in brand hotels, the Marriott thoroughly won out on this one considering the short notice at which we were making bookings.	
Jul 10 2008	Good Hotel Amazing location	The Washington Mayfair is a decent Hotel, I would say the equivalent of a very nice Hampton Inn in the U.S. It is very pricy as all hotels in central London are but it is in the BEST location I have seen. Walking distance to theaters, Piccadilly and the shopping district. Close to Green and Hyde Park, Buckhingham Palace and the tube stations. (Green)	
Jul 5 2008 	Hated the Washington	Disgusting service. Probably the worst hotel in London.No one on reception seems to posess a memory cell. They forget everything and anything. When reminded for perhaps the 5th time, still the apologies do not come.They promised us a free bottle of champagne with our room after forgetting to put one in there as we had prebooked, and a basket of fruit. The fruit never arrived. The champagne had to be chased 4 times, it took 45 minutes to arrive.They then decided to charge us for the &quot;free&quot; bottle of champagne, this was after being told 3 times that it was complimentary. But we were told we wouldn't have to pay for the non-existent fruit basket, wow how generous is that!After waiting 10 minutes to be seated at breakfast, we decided to find our own table. We were then approached by an acidic waitress who repromanded us for seating ourselves. No breakfast menu was offered. The food was disgusting. Checking out took sooo long too. We were even asked to take a seat for &quot;3 minutes&quot; whilst the receptionist worked out what to do. She then proceeded to keep us waiting for 15.I very strongly recommend that you do not stay in the Washington in Mayfair. There really are some very nice hotels in London, so please go to one of those.	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed here with my boyfriend in august 2007. We won a competition with work to go and watch one of the big brother live evictions and they put us in this hotel.The hotel is a walk away from the tube (although I cant remember which station Im sorry,lol). Check in was great, really quick and we were upgraded to a better room!Unfortunatly we didnt get to spend much time at the hotel as we quickly had to get ready to goto the studio once we had got there and in the morning had to leave early for the train. However the room and bathroom was very big, and you could listen to the TV in the bathroom (which I thought was great, lol). The beds were very comfy too!Breakfast in the morning was lovely! loads to choose from! definatly got me ready for travelling!All in all it was a good hotel and would go again if ever in London.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good value if the price is right	We’ve been staying at the Washington Mayfair for years, normally booking through LateRooms or LastMinute.. The plus points are definitely the location - on Curzon Street between Park Lane and Berkeley Square one street up from Picadilly, with Green Park tube within easy walking distance and the manifold dining experiences of Shepherd Market just over the road - and the price, which is often much lower than neighbouring hotels of a similar standard.The rooms we have stayed in clearly need renovation (and indeed seem to be receiving it as I write - when going down the stairs Monday morning I encountered a troop of woment emptying all of the furniture out of the rooms on the first and second floors, and various other reviewers refer to staying in refurbished rooms); but they are decent-sized and reasonably equipped (including the all-important tea making equipment and wireless internet connection). Over the years we have had some really odd experiences with the rooms, notably with the lights and the television turning themselves on and off randomly in the middle of the night. During our latest stay, the mixer tap in the bathroom (of the junior suite to which we were upgraded) would only dispense hot water, no matter how you tried to adjust it.Back in the day when they offered breakfast as part of the package, it was very good indeed. Now that they want £15 for a continental breakfast and £18 for English, it’s a lot more fun to walk down to the Wolesley on Picadilly and eat in style, so I have no idea what the current standard is.I don’t know how long the refurbishment process is going to last or how noisy it is going to be, but in the past the hotel has been relatively quiet, especially in the (higher numbered) rooms which do not face onto Curzon Street.The reception staff - the vast majority of whom seem to be from overseas - have in general been friendly and efficient.If the price is right, this is a good value choice.	
Nov 19 2007 	Good location	My self and a friend stayed at this hotel for a weekend. We arrived on Friday evening. Its very close to the Green Park tube station. Check in was fast and no problems. We were advised the rooms were newly refurbished. Im not sure if the rooms were four star hotel standard. The bed was comfortable but with just one blanket. The corridors upstaris were like a furnace. There were no catches on the window so when you opened them, the wind kept blowing them back so you could not open them slightly. Put out the room service card at 10:00 pm on friday night for breakfast on saturday moring but it was never collected. Saturday morning, while sleeping, the fire alarm went off at 7:30 am and everyone had to evacuate out onto the street. Not the most pleasant experience. Eventually got room service which was very nice and exactly what we ordered. A pointer on House Keeping, the ladies used to ring the door bell outside the bedroom and then walk straight in, without waiting for an answer from anyone inside. Not very private. Check out on sunday moring was very slow. There was a que of 9 people in front of me and only one member of staff on reception. HOwever, another member of staff was called on. Thankfully the hotel kindly kept our luggage until the evening.The location of the hotel was brilliant for everything, shops, restaurants, theatre. Everything is within walking distance.	
Nov 15 2007 	Nice Hotel - Great Location	Stayed at the washington Mayfair for one night in November.The reception staff were very attentive, and quickly dealt with my arrival. The lobby area was clean and tidy, and quite well appointed.I stayed in room 111, which had been recently refurbished, and I must say that the room was great. Lovely decor, well equipped bathroom (with shower over bath) and comfy bed. The room was slightly larger than the usual business hotels.The only comment I would make is that the a/c is totally ineffective, and the room was uncomfortably hot. As noted in a previous review teperature was regulated by leaving the window open, but was not a good idea when it was -3 degrees outside!I did not eat in the hotel.The location of the hotel is superb, minutes away from a tube station and Piccadilly Circus and the theatres.	
Nov 14 2007 	Good value central London weekend	Booked a saturday night theatre/hotel package via Lastminute.com which turned out to be very good value, especially for Mayfair (the most expensive spot on the monopoly board).The hotel is well located for Picadilly and the shops of Bond Street and Oxford Street, with Sunday morning in Hyde Park a real pleasure. On a saturday night Soho/theatre land is just a quick bus ride away from green park tube and there are a few very fashionable (and expensive) night spots around the corner on Berkley Sq. such as Nobu (if you don't mind queuing for an hour).The hotel decor is a bit Spartan and businessy in style, but neat and comfortable and we had a much nicer view from our room than we did from the Park Lane Intercontinental we stayed at the following weekend. If you're not having breakfast here there's a Cafe Nero and a Tesco Express just across the road.	
Oct 15 2007 	great hotel	I have just returned from the Washington hotel after a two night stay. I read the reviews before i went and was not looking forward to going .However from start to finish we had a great stay . check in was very speedy and we had a great room the staff were very attentive and helpfull.Our room was spotless and we had no compliants whatsoever.We will return to the Washington on our next visit to London.Marie and Jean	
Oct 8 2007 	Terrible fraud and bugs in room	I decided to book the hotel as it was close to where my business meeting would be, having never stayed in central london before I was looking forward to the experience. I arrived at the hotel and was greeted by a very rude woman on reception. After a long check-in process I eventually got to my room (if you can call it that) and found it to be about the size of a wardrobe, quite dirty with dust everywhere, I found dead bugs in the bathroom and by the side of the bed. Concierge were great about this a supplied me with a free bottle of wine and even some free room service during the night which was great, I even got a bottle of wine when leaving the hotel as well from a lovely chap called paul. I would not stay there again, I have now discovered I was charged for spirits in the mini bar which i never even touched and have since phone the General manager who has not called me back yet, charging extras on the bill is unacceptable so I will keep trying to contact. overall it was terrible.	
Oct 3 2007 	Dreadful	I booked this as a last minute thing as I was off to a 40th anniversary party for the company I work for. I payed in advance.As I checked in I was asked for a swipe of my card. I declined as recently I had been stung by this procedure. I was told that it was policy. Company rules demanded that I handed over my details. Once again I declined. The woman on reception then became quite cross and told me that I would not be able to use the 'phone, mini bar and television. I said that I had a mobile where the calls were cheaper, that I had no intention of using the mini bar and that Saturday night t.v was not something that I would pay for. I planned to do a bit of shopping come back to my room and sleep. In front of everybody waiting in reception I was then 'ordered' to take a seat and wait while my 'phone was blocked and my t.v changed. When I was called to eventually be given my key I was informed that a man would be up to clear my mini bar. I made my way to my room and had only just opened my suitcase when the door rang and a staff member appeared with a black bin bag to empty my mini bar. I ended up with a tiny old fashioned tv in a space that had previously been occupied by a larger one. The dust marks were there.I felt humiliated by the whole experience. It was meant to be a relaxing night for me and ended up being quite stressful.Away from my family and as a woman on my own I would have preferred to have dined in the hotel. However after the rude reception from the receptionist and subsequent events I shopped at a deli in Covent Garden, bought paper plates, plastic cutlery and some magazines. I slept and left. I could have coped with this average and clean room. However the appalling attitude and service was upsetting. .	
Sep 10 2007 	great location helpful staff	my husband and i have just returned from an overnight stay at this hotel- we booked through last minute .com , secret hotels, we went for our wedding anniversary and received a free room upgrade, the location is excellent!!! lots of places to eat at just a stones throw from the hotel, good value for money!!	
Sep 3 2007 	Good location but not the best hotel.	My husband was sent over on business, and this hotel was one of the one's he had to choose from. From what he could tell, it was a nice hotel in an excellent location. We did some research, and came across some of the reviews on this site...which left us a little skeptical. Our experience was that it was an average hotel in an excellent location. When we arrived, they allowed us to check in early, which was EXCELLENT. (We had been traveling forever) We got to our room though and there was a hole in the carpeting and the walls had a black film on them. Things were really old and outdated in the room and it felt and looked dirty. We were staying for 5 nights, and this was unacceptable. We called the front desk and they were able to move us, and actually upgraded us slightly as well. This was much better and was more up to the standards we would expect. As previous posters have mentioned, it was still a bit outdated. However, much cleaner than our first room. As friendly as the staff were, we were unimpressed with their ability to cater to our needs. We needed an iron, so we called the desk. We were told they would send one up...however they did not. Then next morning, we called and it still took a half hour to get it. I had forgotten my toothbrush, so asked the concierge for one. He said he would have it sent right up. Several hours went by and still no toothbrush. My husband went down and asked again and we got it 15 minutes later. Generally the staff was friendly and overall we were happy once we got over some of the hurdles we encountered. Again, this hotel is in an EXCELLENT location, which made it very convenient from a sightseeing standpoint. Probably wouldn't be our first choice though if we were to return.	
Aug 29 2007	Not that great.	Stayed at this hotel after finding it on lastminute.com at a good rate. Staff where friendly and helpful and the main areas where pleasant, if a little dated. However I was very disappointed with my room for a 4 star hotel. Firstly, the bathroom although clean, looked very worn and tired, fixtures that were once chrome were faded and discoloured. The shower curtain was a bit torn and towels smelt a bit old. Worst of all, the toilet had not been flushed and was full of paper. When I went to bed I couldn't brush my teeth or have a drink as the tap was only running hot water, so I had to get a bottle of water out of the mini-bar, which was not even working so it was warm. Finally went to bed to watch tv only to find that the tv remote was not working either. Bed was comfy and clean, however I was woken at 8am with the banging of cleaners opening the store room door next to me. They seem to have no idea how loud they were talking either. Overall it just wasn't a very pleasant night, not awful, but if I'd paid the full rate I would have been pretty unhappy. I'd like to point out that the staff were very friendly and polite. Won't stay again though.	
Aug 27 2007 	Location location location!	We stayed here with a group of college students. Most travelers would cringe at the thought of staying with a touring group, but ours was well-managed, due in great part to the efforts of the staff and management at the Washington Mayfair. This was our third stay and we were well-taken care of. The breakfast is great - especially if you're going to be out and about all day. We rarely dined in - but London has so many restaurants that it's hard to fit them all in! The rooms may be old, but they are comfortable and convenient. As others have commented, the heating system is unique - you will have hot or cold, but nothing in between. We regulated the room temperature with the windows! We'll stay there again.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great location. Good value for this part of London	I'd seen the mixed reviews and was wondering what to expect. The location was great, room size good and I liked that the Hotel wasn't too large. Staff were all very helpful. We returned from the theatre for a nightcap in the bar to find a very talented guitarist (playing to an audience of zero before our arrival!), although it was a Monday night in August so maybe not a normal situation! We thought it was good value for money and wouldn't hesitate to return again.	
Aug 19 2007 	well located average hotel	stayed at this hotel simply because of its location, being a 4 * hotel I expected it to be nicer than it actually was, you cant fault its location or the public areas of the hotel, the staff were helpful &amp; polite , the breakfast was fine , no problems with check in or out, the only fault was with my room , the room was a fair size ,the bed gave me a good nights sleep in clean sheets &amp; the bathroom was clean , but the room was a bit shabby, the paint looked chipped &amp; grubby, net curtains were grey &amp; needed replacing, all in all in need of updating, this said it is just a case of decoration &amp; housekeeping, everything else was o.k &amp; it was ideal for my needs.After staying here I would not hesitate to stay in this area of London again as it is a great area for a stay in the city , but I think for the price I would look elsewhere for a nicer room.	
May 23 2007 	Nice hotel central location	Great location in heart of Mayfair, near Green Park, Picadilly shopping, theatre district and &quot;royal London.&quot; I read many negative reviews, but found the hotel to be nicely appointed (has it been refurbished recently?), clean and efficient. Had a room with twin beds pushed together, but that seemed to be the norm. Staff was responsive and knowledgeable. Breakfast, which was included in our room rate, was a large buffet of traditional English breakfast foodstuffs and was delicious. Bath had marble floor and counter, towel warmer, and a nice shower with good water pressure and temperature control.We had a few issues, though minor ones. It was hard to regulate the room temperature. It was either freezing cold or a bit too warm. We chose to keep it on the cold side overnight, and stayed warm with the wool blankets and heavy bedspreads. Also, the light switches were impossible to figure out...when you turned on one light sometimes others would turn off, including the bathroom light. More than once I was plunged into darkness while showering when my roommate tried to switch on a light elsewhere in the room! Also the big plastic keys were difficult to use in gaining entry to our room.The TV was small, but we hardly had any time to watch it, so it really didn't matter to us.We had occasion to visit the conference rooms in the lower level of the hotel. They were small and poorly ventilated; usually too warm, so the staff brought fans in to help move the air around. Strangely, the bathrooms on the same level were icy cold.There are restaurants up and down the street (check out Shepherd's Market) and nearby on Picadilly. A post box is one block away and a nicely stocked Tesco Express convenience store is directly across the street. ATMs and the Green Park tube station are about 2-3 blocks away.All in all I would stay there again and would recommend this hotel to others seeking a luxury-level hotel in a great central London location.	
Apr 29 2007	Good base in fashionable part of London.	Stayed for one night with my wife. Room sise ok air conditioning meant room temperature was comfortable. Breakfast excellent with good choice. Very noisy in the morning (6-45) with what sounded like works going on but could not see anything fom the window. Sky sports not available on tv which was dissappointing. Shower and cleanliness very good. Overall i was happy but felt tired due to the lack of an adequate nights sleep.	
Apr 13 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Really comfortable hotel and offered very good service.Delivered breakfast with almost all extra requests at no extra cost - great service given by Anita the waitress in Madison's (the hotels restaurant).Would definitely say this is worthy of it's 4 star rating.Daniel - Grays, Essex.	
Feb 8 2007	Great location no so great hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July 2005. I got a corporate deal on this hotel which made it only $100 a night total. For that price, this hotel was worth it. The location is great - we could walk to Buckingham Palace and many other tourist attractions.I do not think this hotel is worth more than about $150 a night. We had trouble with the A/C and had to change rooms. Even with working A/C, the cooling power wasn't enough to keep us comfortable. We requested a fan, but they only had one fan and so we could only use it in one of our rooms. We were with friends and the safe in their room didn't work (a nice staff member came and fixed it). Also, the heated towel rack did not work in one of the rooms.The staff was friedly to us. The conceirge provided us with maps and gave us valuable suggestions for places to visit.If you want a luxury hotel, you should look elsewhere. For the price I paid, I was happy with the hotel.	
Dec 27 2006 	Awful	Warning: Do not stay at this hotel. It has not been refurbished since 1989. The rooms are dark, small, the decor is shabby 1970's. We were booked in for the weekend and having seen our room and been offered an upgrade, which we took a look at but which was just as bad, we left the hotel. The only good thing was that the front desk manager tried to be helpful and recommended another hotel to us.	
Dec 10 2006 	pleasantly suprised	After reading the latest reviews I was almost dreading our visit to the washington Mayfair but thankfully we had a great stay.OK the lounge area could be spruced up a little but it had a great relaxed atmosphere with excellent, friendly staff and it's in a really good location. On arrival we were told we had been given a free upgrade and the room was quiet, well decorated and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was in good condition and had all the facilities we would expect. The room had air conditioning and heating so we did not experience the problems with temperature some have recorded. The TV's aren't the biggest but it was acceptable and we had a mini bar, trouser press, fax machine and ample wardrobe space.We had to wait about 20 minutes for breakfast but the staff were efficient and had quite a big queue moving through well. The breakfast was excellent with food being regularly topped up, hot and fresh.The room upgrade may have made all the difference but we had no complaints and had a fantastic stay	
Oct 2 2006 	My WORST stay in a hotel..	I stayed there for 3 nights and it was the worst ever. The rooms are small and has a 1970's feel to it. It was hard to watch a miniature tv while feeling the crack of 2 twin beds pushed together!! The room service food was horrible and was brought up each time on a tray that looked like one from a high school cafeteria. On my last night there, in the middle of the night my A/C broke down. When I went to turn the A/C switch on and off, the lights in the room started to turn on and off instead!! I called and complained. When checking out, I asked to speak with the manager about the A/C. He took 25 mins to come to the desk to speak with me and only to tell me that there was nothing he could do to compensate me for the A/C breaking down (and it was really hot)! He couldn't even take care of 1 room service charge of 20 pounds!! Pathetic! This was my 1st and LAST visit to this crappy hotel. And I will tell everyone I know about it!! The only decent thing about this hotel is the location...	
Sep 28 2006 	A real dump	For GBP150 per night, I was appalled at the condition of the hotel. This was a 60GBP per night stay. The lobby, restaurant, staff and rooms were all exhausted. My room was hot as hell with no a/c and lots of noise from machinery outside all night. The bed sagged in the middle. TV was miniature. There are lots of great choices for fabulous hotels nearby and just slightly higher rates. I hope I never return to the Washington!	
Aug 16 2006 	Little better than a closet!	Our room had a huge stain on the floor, the shower was moldy and the room was a &quot;deluxe&quot; and it was a size of a closet! Breakfast was so-so. Overall experience was luke warm. It is in a nice neighborhood was the only consession.	
Jun 29 2006 	a wonderful London experience	I stayed at this hotel with my daughter and my sister June 24-June 26. I had checked it out several years ago while staying at other hotels in Mayfair. The rate was incredible for London, we were upgraded and given connecting non smoking rooms as requested on line. The rooms were really large for London.Service in the bar was poor but everywhere else it was VERY good.I would definitely stay there on my next visit to London.	
Jun 26 2006	Excellent location wonderful hotel	Stayed at this hotel from 23rd June to 26th June, excellent location in heart of Mayfair, nearest tube station 3 min walk. Oxford Street/Regent Street 15 min walk. Rooms lovely and clean, I needed an iron during my stay and asked concierge for it for the following morning. The next morning it arrived on time, with a smile very impressed!! Breakfast was included with the price of my stay, lovely English breakfast. Concierge very helpful and offered lots of friendly advice. Would recommend anyone staying here!	
May 22 2006	Not bad but...	I had a basic room. It is on the small side, but quite adequate given what other central London hotels can be like. The furniture, including the bed, is tired and a little worn, but again, adequate. Bathroom was small but clean and fine. Concierge and other staff were very helpful and courteous.The location really can't be beat; just a little more than a block away from Green Park station. This is the biggest selling point for me; a nice room in a fabulous location.The only warning I have is that I too seem to have issues with double charging. It may be unrelated but... I had booked one night's stay through hotwire (my other night was a business expense). Hotwire charged me but so did Mayfair, 2 days after my departure. When I called, they nicely acknowledged the error and said it would be taken care of. However, calling a couple days later to check up on the situation, I find that no action had been taken and I was given some schpeel about how hotwire's credit card had been declined and they were not able to charge it. I reiterated that this was not my problem and they replied that the mistake would be addresed soon. I really hope it will because I would like to be able to go back...	
May 11 2006 	Enjoyed our Stay	Stayed at the Washington for 2 nights with my wife and daughter for a shopping, sightseeing and theatre break during the Easter school holidays. The location is perfect, one block back from Piccadilly and Green Park and a short stroll from Hyde Park. The hotel looks a bit shabby from the outside but the lobby and public areas are very modern and bright. Our room was a bit cramped for 3 people but, as we only slept there, perfectly adequate. Bathroom was spotlessly clean and the plumbing worked well. We appreciated the extra space in the minibar fridge for our own &quot;stuff&quot;. The concierge was very knowledgeable giving us various travel options that we needed to get around, we took buses from Piccadilly or walked mostly. Breakfast was included and there was a wide selection available. The bar was fairly pricey but we only used it for one drink. There is a half decent pub, the Samuel Pepys, around the corner from the hotel. There is also a convenience store, a coffee shop and a fast food place acroos the road. For the gentlemen, there is a fantastic old fashioned barber shop, two doors up from the hotel. I would definitely stay in the Washington again, particularly as my final bill was £20 per night cheaper than I was originally quoted.	
May 2 2006 	:(	Very expensive, but not very good hotel in quite place the center of London.We were in this hotel with my colleagues and lived in three double rooms, and all rooms were not very clear and with very old furniture and devices. Rooms hadn't fixed a long time (from 50's might be). And the most terrible thing was THE SMELL. In all rooms was absolutely disgusting smell of VERY old hotel. But, rooms were quite big. In rooms was hairdryer, potter and tea for free. Fridge, bathrobe, slippers. Breakfast was ok. So, for me very bad price/quality ratio.	
Mar 22 2006	Would definately go back!	I recently spent a long weekend at the The Washington Hotel, Mayfair.The hotel was beautiful and the room was very large, although the bed covers and curtains were a bit outdated. We managed to get a good deal on the hotel through lastminute so the room price was really good but breakfast wasn't included but can be bought in the hotel for £17.95 (far too expensive in my opinion). There is a number of small pubs about a 5 or 10 minute walk away which offers a full breakfast for £1.99 so if your anything like me you'll take the extra 5min stroll.The staff within the hotel were very friendly and helpful...but you should expect to give them a tip when you so much as glance in their direction.All in all the hotel had a good location and nice rooms and I would certainly go here again!!If you have any other questions about the hotel or area just give me an e-mail.	
Mar 20 2006	Book it through Hotwire	My wife and I stayed there for one night on March 18, 2006.We did the booking through Hotwire, so we got a pretty good rate (US$147 + tax).The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, but they were VERY slow for everything...When we got there, probably about an hour after we had done the booking, they still didn't have the reservation in their system (amazing, especially nowadays that everything is electronic) so they had to go and look for it, but that's ok. They only had one person at the front desk and she was completely swamped with work, so it was only after about an hour or more that they could find the reservation and proceeded with our check-in. They did give us an upgrade to a Junior Suite for the wait, which was a very nice gesture.It seemed like they needed a lot of paperwork for every single thing. For example, a guy who was in front of us wanted to exchange some money and they asked him for a copy of his passport. We also had to provide a copy of our passport to check in... very unusual.The next day when someone was doing the check out, he asked to leave the bill on his credit card and they asked him to provide the actual credit card once again, even though he had done it when he registered.We'd also like to mention that they forgot about our wake up call in the morning.The room and the hotel in general was really nice, though, very clean and nicely decorated.	
Mar 11 2006 	Surprisingly good place to stay in Mayfair	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights. As London hotels in that price range go it was surprisingly good. We had room 314 - very quiet (but remember to keep the curtains closed as the office block opposite seem to have the lights on all day and night). Room was not too small - 6ft bed so lots of room plus a work desk large enough to actually work on. Furniture is a bit tired but completely acceptable and functional. Concierge was very helpful getting taxis etc and the staff serving breakfast were very polite and friendly. My husband ordered porridge which came within five minutes and was delicious! We would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 6 2006	Over rated and over priced	This was a last minute booking gone wrong. While the location of this hotel can't be beaten, the description of the hotel (4 star deluxe) and the room categories create expectations that soon evaporate into thin air. Their 'state room with jacuzzi' turned out to be a pretty standard double room with a normal bath that had jets on the side. Not the same. Carpets are shabby. Furniture cheap. And the service was lacking - the phones to room service and housekeeping rang out and you inevitably had to revert to reception, which was short-staffed. Avoid at all cost.	
Feb 20 2006 	Credit Card Fraud	Regret staying in the hotel. Clear case of credit card fraud. While the payment to the hotel was made in cash, they also billed my credit card, which was given to them as a guarantee. It's been 15 days since I have been trying to get a reversal of charge.Advice: Do not give them your credit card details or better still do not stay there.	
Jan 31 2006	Lovely Location	I stayed at the Washington in January 2006. We got a really good deal, breakfast was included which was an added bonus as I wouldn't have like to think we were paying the full price on top of the room rate. I chose to just have a bowl of fruit salad which was lovely, my colleagues all indulged in the full english breakfast, there was so much choice. You could also have unlimited toast and there was the continental option also. The area in which the hotel is in is surrounded by really nice bars and restaurants. It is close to Barclay Square and Hyde Park. A really nice affluent area of London (well, it looked that way to me!)The rooms are typical with tea making facilities, towels, toiletries and bath robe. My room was cleaned each day and the bed was made. I stayed in room 105 which is an unusual shape. Word of warning, keep the nets closed as the offices over the road can probably see right into the room!The bar area was really relaxing and they had a guitarist playing every night, just what the doctor ordered after a day of being stood on your feet.In all, I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel and found the staff really friendly.Some of the reviews state a really high room rate. I wouldn't expect to pay more than £175 per night, its nice but not that nice. For that price I am sure their are better places to stay.	
Jan 20 2006 	They try very hard....needs some work though	I stayed here for two weeks and overall I had a good experience. The location is great and the staff were always eager to help and friendly. The breakfast that was included in room price was wonderful. It was the same everyday and that got to be old, but it was a really good spread. My room was of decent size and had an ok view, but the carpets wore very worn and had stains and a sticky spot. We had several meetings in the conference rooms and each time a chair broke. There was also noticeable water damage in one of the rooms. The hotel has great bones and I feel the staff is committed to making it better. This is the only place I have stayed at in London, so I have nothing to compare it to. In addition, I imagine the location added to the price which I felt was a little high for the condition of the carpets and some furnishings. To end on a positive, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was nice.	
Nov 17 2005 	Tired hotel	For the price we paid, £220 for a (small) double room from lastminute.com I was expecting better.Tired, needs a good overall, carpets particularly poor.Staff, willing but not very able, need more training - like when somebody is stood at the bar, serve them, do not continue cleaning ash trays!I would guess this hotel is surviving on past reputation and location, which is good.	
Oct 23 2005 	OK if you don't look at the detail	I stayed here on business - the third team over 5 or 6 years. I always find the rooms small but adequate. The hotel was refurbished in 2004 but this seems to have extended only to the reception area and lifts. The rooms look unchanged to me. The shower in my room would not aim at me - so getting a good soak meant dodging round the bath trying to get water! And getting the bathroom light to stay on needed patience. But the room was warm (couldn't get it to go any cooler) and the bed comfy.Breakfast is OK - typical hot/cold buffet. Service is OK as well though because English is not the native tongue of quite a few of the waiting staff some of the orders do get mixed up. On one occasion, my colleague and I ended up with two pots of tea despite our insistence that we'd already been served!Location is great and to be honest the hotel is on a par with most central London hotels.	
Aug 10 2005 	Not perfect but close enough	I stayed at the Washington Mayfair on three occasions, for a total of ten nights, while in London on business in the fall of 2004.The strong points:1. The prices are very reasonble for a quality hotel in the West End.2. The hotel has one of the best locations in the West End: on a relatively quiet street, but only a 5 minute walk to the Green Park underground station and Piccadilly; 15 minute walk to any major location in the West End. 3. Extra bonus for business travellers: There is a Kinko's 24-hour business center less than 50 yards from the hotel.4. Superb staff. This hotel has won certification as an Investor in People and it shows in the service. The staff appear to go out of their way to be helpful, not only to guests but to passersby.5. My colleagues and I usually requested a morning check-in after arriving from an overnight international flight. Although the hotel did not guarantee an early check-in, they tried to make it a priority to get us into our rooms as soon as possible. The problems:Actually, most of the problems were more in the nature of minor irritations.1. The rooms are clean, but small, which is typical of older London hotels. They are adequate for holiday travelers who will use the room primarily for sleeping. However, a business traveller who, like me, frequently works in the room might find the rooms cramped and uncomfortable to use.2. Restaurant prices are very high compared to similar London hotels. However, the quality of the food and the service is equally hight, and will help you quickly get over any price shock. The staff can also recommend dozens of more moderately priced, excellent restaurants within a 5 to 10 minute walk.3. There was no high-speed internet service in the hotel when I stayed there.4. The hotel was also undergoing renovations, which occasionally resulted in one of the elevators being out of commission.	
Jul 23 2005	Would stay here again recommend it	We stayed 9 nights at the Washington Mayfair in June, based on a friend's recommendation. The location was great, and we got a decent rate on the hotel's website - 110GBP per nite, reasonable for the neighborhood and quality of the hotel. Our first room was ok except for bizarre electrical problems - when one light switch was pressed, other lights in the room would also randomly go on (or off). Meaning when one would get up during the night to use the bathroom, best do it in the dark or risk waking the other! Also, the room safe jammed and wouldn't open (fortunately we tested it before putting anything inside). We called downstairs about the safe right away, yet when we returned from dinner it hadn't been fixed (this was a Sunday, not sure what maintenance staff is available). After a couple more calls to check on the status we gave up and went to bed. The next morning, we reminded the front desk about the safe and also advised them of the lighting problem. When we returned that evening, neither had been fixed. Didn't press the point that evening as it was late.Day 3, I was more insistent and the front desk assured us things would be fixed or we could move. We came back late afternoon and found the safe repaired, lights not. They immediately offered another room, which I think was actually an upgrade (larger), very comfortable and in good working order. We enjoyed the rest of our stay without incident.Overall I would say the staff is courteous and helpful, although clearly the communication between Maintenance and the front desk needs improvement. I was a little concerned from some of the comments I read before our trip that it might be really dingy and depressingly run-down, but found it very clean and pleasant. Yes, it's showing a bit of wear and tear, but things like a missing shade on the wall sconce just didn't bother me - we don't spend that much time in the room anyway, and it was more important to be in a very convenient central location, nice neighborhood, spacious room, good strong shower, nice heated towel rack (great for drying things overnight!), lots of counter space in the bathroom, etc.I would definitely consider staying here again and recommend it to others.	
May 4 2005	Good surprise	After reading the reviews before we went, I was not sure what to expect but we were very happy with the accommodation; decor was fine, bathroom was very clean and in excellent condition, beds were very comfortable. We would have liked a kettle + tea and coffee-making facilities but otherwise have no problem with the room. The staff were polite and efficient, if not exactly friendly - as is usual in London hotels. Breakfast was of a very good standard.	
Apr 11 2005	Nice surprise	After reading some of the reviews was slightly concerned that the rooms might be tired and dated, but ours was standard and was really nice. Staff ok and efficient, and location of hotel is excellent. Breakfast good. REcommended so long as you can get a late deal as we did. (Booked online)	
Feb 20 2005	Satisfactory Stay - price is key!	Stayed January 2005 - was upgraded on arrival free to a suite which was nice. The hotel is a little worn at the edges but staff were friendly and the restaurant Madisons very good. Good location and reasonable price if you get a discounted rate through the web (up to 60%) - otherwise too pricey. Don't go for the breakfast unless its included in the tarrif as there are good breakfast bars offering excellent fare within a 10 min walk at a third of the cost.	
Jan 14 2005	High price / low quality	This was one of the poorest 4* hotels I have stayed in. The room was depressing and I tried to spend as little time in it as I could. The carpet was cheap, stained worn nylon, the furniture was &quot;walnut effect&quot; formica throughout and on the dressing table it was cracked and blistered. The sink in the bathroom was cracked right across the basin and the grouting between the tiles was dirty. The wallpaper was grubby and shabby.These rooms desperately need to be refurbished and in no way justify their 4* rating.On the postive side - the hotel is well situated and convenient for attractions such as Buckingham Palace and Regent Street shopping	
Dec 9 2004	Great location hotel	We have just come back from a weekend at this hotel. We thought it was lovely, our room was small but it had very nice decor and furnishing; it was very cosy. The hotel is also excellently placed, there is an underground station very close and a wonderful bar/restaurant called Henrys which does great food.	
Nov 17 2004	Really enjoyed our stay at the Washijngton Mayfair	We stayed at the Washington Mayfair in October 2004 on our second trip to London and found the Hotel to be very nicely up kept. All the rooms were clean and attractively decorated and not too small by London standards. The Breakfast Buffet was delicious and most plentiful. We also enjoyed sitting at the bar in the evening having drinks and a light supper . The location of the Washington Mayfair Hotel is only a short distance away to most major attractions. The hotel staff were extremely attentive, friendly and courteous. Especially the concierge who was right on the mark in recommending a show to see.We enjoyed our Washington Mayfair visit very much, but found London on the whole to be very expensive even coming from NYC. Would definitely recommend the Washington Mayfair.	
Sep 23 2004	Mayfair... In address only!	Someone take away 3 of this gaffs stars.. its might be Mayfair but it sure doesn't feel like it inside. Its Pure 1985.. nasty bedroom furniture the corridors stink of cigar/cigarette smoke ( and I'm a smoker!!). Breakfast is OK but whats the gratuity all about for a self service buffet?. There is so much hotel choice in London ... stay away from this place that trades on its Location and then it might close down , and then re-open with some new ideas and furnishings to match the room rates.	
Aug 10 2004	I like this hotel staff and location	I thought this was an excellent location in London and I recieved very good service. I do look forward to staying here again when I return to London on next year.	
Jul 15 2004	Excellent Hotel and very worthy of its 4 star standard	We were met at the Washington Hotel by the cocierge who took our luggage to the room and we cordially tipped him. The bedroom was of an excellent standard, television, settee, tea and coffee making facilities. We were also supplied with bath robes. Yes we thought this was sheer luxury.Went out that evening to watch a show and thoroughly enjoyed it. We also decided to go to the Ritz Hotel where we had reserved a meal. The food was attractively served and sumptious. It was rather expensive but who cares this was London after all.Breakast was on a continental bais. Yoghurt, fruit juice, croissants, cereal etc. Because of the excepitional deal we got from them we could not choose the English. The cost of a twin room for two, incuding continental breakfast was £87 per night. That is for two, not one person. The way to get these bargains is to call the hotel direct and ask them how many rooms they have available, if they have which they did when we booked it you will usually be luky enough to get what we paid!The hotel staff were extremely attentive, friendly and courteous. Would love to go back. Would definatley recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit London, British or American.	
Jul 2 2004	Location Location Location	Location, Location, LocationThe location of this hotel is wonderful. It is within walking distance of most major attractions, or if one prefers an easy walk to the 'underground.' or buses. Concierges are most helpful. English breakfast is good. Rooms nice. My only complaint is with thephone system which is a bit antiquated. Would go back again.	
Apr 27 2004	Good quality hotel	Stayed in the Washington last Friday night - room quite basic but the bathroom was excellent (Executive room). The location is defintely the best part of staying here - so many quality restuarants just a stones throw away. Service was good although we were chased up to vacate our room at Midday on the dot - I'm sure an extra 20 mins wouldn't have made that much difference! Breakfast was excellent with plenty on offer. I would definitely recommend a stay here.	
Mar 28 2004	Still a great Location but desperatly needs to be renovated	Just back from our trip to 'jolly old London'. The Washington Mayfair has always been our choice hotel when we've visited London. However we started staying there 8 years ago and the decor has not changed since. This past trip the hotel was showing its age - the floors creaked, the carpet was worn and stained, even worse the bedding was worn and stained. It just didn't feel like a 4 star hotel anymore. Whats more, we paid 187 dollars/night and this didn't include breakfast not a very good value for you money. On the upside the staff is still friendly and helpful and the quiet location in the heart of Picadilly is still a nice perk. I just hope that they will be doing some major renovations soon.	
Mar 16 2004	Great Hotel	This was my first visit to London and this hotel made my trip most enjoyable. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the rooms were cosy and clean.The full breakfast was just what was needed to start a long day of sight-seeing!Would definately return to this hotel and would highly recommend it.	
Mar 2 2004	Not noisy outside... but noisy inside	Despite what everyone has written, I was actually quite disappointed with The Washington Mayfair. True, the location is fantastic, on a quiet back street within two minutes of the tube, so there's no traffic noise - a bit of a rarity for London. The exterior and foyer are nice too, and the staff were friendly and helpful. However, for a four star hotel, I thought the rooms were average. The decor was old fashioned and in need of updating, and the net curtains at our windows were stained brown with cigarette smoke. (We ordered a non-smoking room and got a room that looked like it had been recently used for a Malboro convention. It STANK.) The bed was big and clean, but the furniture had seen better days.However, undoubtedly the worst bit was that from 11pm in the evening, our room on the second floor started SHAKING as music thumped through the floor. The base was unbelievable. It actually affected the TV reception! Not being the complaining types, we tried to ignore it, but it's hard to ignore a baseline that rattles the drawers and cupboard doors. So... I went downstairs at about midnight and asked to be changed, and the guy behind the desk - who was very nice - switched us to a suite. (BTW, the music comes from the bar, and it goes on till two in the morning. If you're on the first floor, you might as well take a duvet down to the foyer.)(Interesting side note: Twice, while I waited for him to sort us out, people called down asking where Sky Sports was on the TV. Both times he told them the hotel didn't have Sky Sports, and the second time he got off the phone, he said to me: &quot;Why does everyone want Sky Sports all of a sudden?&quot; I replied: &quot;Er, maybe because it's one of about three channels listed in the hotel directory that aren't actually available on the TV.&quot;)Anyway, the suite was nicer and a bit quieter (though, unbelievably, you could still hear the music - and we were now on the top floor!). However, if you're thinking of paying the extra cash for a suite, it's worth noting that the ceiling had cracks in it and dirt in the corners and the bathroom, bed and TV are no bigger. In fact, we actually preferred our standard room...Overall, a disappointment.	
Feb 23 2004	Just what we needed!	A lovely hotel in a brilliant location. Breakfast was superb with so much to choose from. Room service was not over priced and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 18 2004	West End Delight	Just spent 8 nights at the above hotel. Located two blocks from the Green Park Tube station and a ten minute walk from Bond Street. It's ideal for walking to the theaters and museums all over the West End. It's about a 20 minute walk to Knightsbridge. After being shown a few rooms, I naturally took the largest which was approximately 300 sq. ft. Had a new, decent size, marble bathroom with a jacuzzi in the tub.Breakfast was more than ample.There was even a small gym.Staff friendly and helpful.Found them on Lastminute.com. Room, bkft and Vat ran an average of 110 pounds a night.	
Jan 19 2004	Super Washington	Spent four nights at this very comfortable and friendly hotel situated in the heart of Mayfair and a short distance from major tourist attractions such as Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square, and of course London's theatre district. Rooms were clean and comfortable and the full English breakfast is someting to really look forward to. I would recommend the Washington to anyone looking for a comfortable stay in central London.	
Jan 10 2004	I got ugraded		
Nov 25 2003	Home away from Home		
Nov 9 2003	Mind Blowing Food 		
Nov 3 2003	The Wonderful Washington		
Nov 3 2003	Love the Washington!!		
Sep 12 2003	The Washington Mayfair Hotel is great!		
Jul 2 2003	Best Hotel in London		
Jun 2 2003	Well Located		
Feb 5 2003	Very Relaxing		
Nov 2 2009 	???????????		
Oct 19 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo e così centrale		
Jul 2 2009 	Ottima posizione e buon servizio		
Feb 1 2007 	interessante rapporto qualità-luogo-prezzo		
