Nov 21 2009 	Rooms somewhat dated - Otherwise all OK	This hotel, with its nice lobby and breakfast and excellent location, is slightly let down by its small and dated rooms. Overall you will have nothing really to complain about if you are here on business or you need to be in the heart of London. But if you intend to spend some time in the rooms then the rooms are missing the 'feel good' factor.Tip - Dont park for £25 in the hotel. You can park in Orme Lane for £2.20 an hour and free after 6.30 PM till 8.30 AM.	
Nov 18 2009 	Clean great location good size rooms free breakfast!	We had a great stay at Ramada Hyde Park. The location was great for siteseeing as you only need to take one tube from most places in the city. The room was clean and overlooked Kensington Gardens. Close to a great little bar in Nottinghill, Oxford St, Picadilly and Hyde Park. Would definetly stay there again.	
Oct 27 2009 	An OK hotel in a fairly good location	My wife and I were in a bind to find a hotel for 1 night when most hotels were fully booked. We found a room at the Ramada for 188 GBP incl VAT but w/o breakfast whereas a Hilton wanted 309 GBP + VAT. Room with King bed was very small, but clean and very comfortable. Nice flat screen TV. Bathroom was very, very small with tub/shower combo. Carpets thruout the hotel needed replacing or steam cleaning at least. Location is close to Queensway Underground. Several very nice and moderately priced restaurants just 5 minutes away on Bayswater Road. Staff at hotel was friendly and attentive. If this hotel were priced at less than 100 GBP I would give it really good marks, but 188 GBP was just too much,	
Oct 22 2009 	Good location a little tlc required	Located close to Queensway tube, very convenient and across from the park which is more than pleasant.Check-in was swift. Room was compact, bathroom rather small. All a little tired around the edges really.Not very effective solution was offered to internet connection within the room not working - 'There's an internet cafe along the road'. Disappointing.	
Oct 14 2009 	Unimpressed	Really disappointed in this hotel - room was dark and dingy - there was a hair in the bath from the previous guest and when i called the reception they didnt really give a damn - in desperate need of modernisation i thought i was in a time warp when i walked into the room and beds itchy. Not good. My boyfriend booked this hotel for a suprise theatre weekend and chose it because it is a 4 star. It really should be a 3 star. Oh and breakfast wasnt good either. Wouldnt recommend.	
Oct 10 2009 	good value	The location is good. Close to the Queensway and Nottinghill tube stops. Appearance is worn but the room was clean and a good value for London and the location. Water pressure in the shower was terrible.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good hotelgood location	We parked the car in hotel car park very handy.Comfortable ,well stocked room.Breakfast good on first morning but second morning ran out of bacon.All in all good value.	
Oct 7 2009 	great location and good service.	staying on business I found the Queensway tube 5minutes from the hotel excellent for getting around town. Hyde Park across the street was nice for a stroll before or after work. Double room was as you would expect at this level. Room was made up each day. Conceige available for information and checking luggage prior to room availability at 2pm. Breakfast was help yourself all you can eat buffet with cooked or continental, your choice. Staff were attentive and helpful. Bar opens onto patio on Bayswater Road for people watching. Conference rooms available and catered. I found it a good base for meeting clients and for travelling to clients in central London day pass GBP5.60	
Sep 20 2009 	Rooms are So-So but Location Makes it Easy to Sightsee	This hotel is across the street from Hyde Park and it is near the Tube station, making sightseeing easy to do on your own. The Original Tour Bus stops at the hotel, for those who want to use it.The rooms are dated, small, and nothing to write home about, but sufficient if you are only staying a night or two. The bed was comfortable enough and the pillows were excellent. Tolietries were limited to shampoo, bath gel and a shower cap. Complimentary water and a tea/coffee tray were provided in the room. Breakfast in the hotel's restaurant was above average with good coffee. Hotel and restaurant staff varied from excellent to brusque.Ask for a room on the side or the back of the hotel on a high floor to avoid traffic noise in the street-facing rooms. The hotel was evacuated due to a fire alarm in the wee hours one morning during our stay. We saw many different styles of pj's on many various body types as we waited in the street for the firemen to check out the entire building.A short ten-minute walk from the hotel takes you to the Windsor Castle Pub, which is a great place for supper and drinks. We had delicious bangers and mash in this historic pub that is home to London's finest beer garden.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location nice breakfast quiet room and real air conditioning!	Having stayed there before a few years ago, we went back for the air conditioning in July and the superb location. The first room had a problem with the AC, so they gave us a fan for the night and put us in another room the next day. They handled all the moving. The people at the desk were always pleasant and helpful. The room is a normal size for a European hotel and was nicely decorated and well kept. The beds were very comfortable. We booked on a special rate well in advance and ended up paying only about $140 a night, an incredible bargain for London in the summer. I would stay in the Ramada again anytime.	
Sep 2 2009 	Does what it says on the tin and no more	I stayed here with the family as part of a theatre-break package. I have stayed in Ramada’s previously elsewhere in the world on business so had a decent idea what to expect. This location may not suit everyone but we found it rather nice avoiding the nearest tube walking through Kensington &amp; Hyde park. If you are looking for a no frills hotel as base to do other stuff its OK, but if you are going to spend any time in the room you may want to look elsewhere.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great	Hyde Park Ramada is in a perfect spot opposite Hyde Park and in a great area for numerous restaurants and cafes. I can highly recommend the Persian Restaurant a few minutes walk away. The underground station stop is approx 5 minutes away on the circle line.The staff at the Ramada were friendly, polite, helpful and professional and the room was great. We were located on the 5th floor with a view towards the park. The room was spacious with tea/coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board - everything you could need. The bathroom had both a bath and shower and was spacious, the bed was comfortable. Probably the best thing was the room had air conditioning which we could set ourselves, which was great as London was particularly hot on the day we stayed. I would highly recommend the hotel!	
Aug 22 2009 	Nothing special but okay	The standard room is an average, but good-sized business-like hotel room, the bed was very comfortable and air-conditioning and bath tub a plus, however, there was no safety-deposit box in the room and the valuables were to be kept in the reception and in return, one would get a key which was not very convenient. The menue and service at the restaurant left to be desired. Location was very good right next to Hyde Park and two subway stations. Staff was friendly. The hallways were in need for renovation.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good spot for a cultural stay	The hotel is ideally situated for Buckingham and Kensington palaces and parks. Also, The Royal Albert Hall (well worth a visit at £7.00) and various other museums are within walking distance across Kensington park. Bus stops (national bus passes can be used, also 'Oyster' cards are ideal for the U-ground+ buses) are located within 50m of the hotel. U/G stations about 150m away. There are loads of good cafes and snack places nearby, especially if you want an early morning breakfast!The hotel staff were excellent, very attentive, especially in the restaurant. Nothing was too much trouble. We only had one evening meal, but the service and quality of food was excellent. There are no leisure facilities, but who needs them when you the whole of London to entertain you. The rooms were good and clean, although some refurbishment is due!The bathroom facilities were clean and in working order, but past their sell-bydate. The ceilings could do with a coat of paint. The room fittings, the TV and bed linen were brilliant.The only negative point was the taxi departure. We told to book a taxi 5mins before our departure. This didn't happen as there was no member of staff available. So don't bother. The easy and cheap way is to go to the main road and flag a cab.There are plenty of them and it cost £10. to Euston station.We would certainly use this hotel again.Tony And Claire.	
Aug 14 2009 	Enjoyable visit	Stayed for one night with my 11 year old daughter so we could do some sightseeing in London. Hotel about 5 mins walk from Queensway tube, we were able to leave our case, as we arrived before check in, then go off and explore. Lovely location opposite Kensington Gardens, where we had an stroll the next morning. Our room was plenty bit enough for 2, comfy beds, kettle, hairdryer, Bathroom fine, lovely shower. It overlooked Bayswater road, and yes, you could hear the traffic humming, but you also got a view of the gardens; you couldn't hear noise from any of the other rooms. I found the staff helpful, and the breakfast was great - something for everyone. There were loads of places to eat at night on Queensway and shops too. All in all, we enjoyed our stay (we booked through superbreak), and I would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2009	Dreadful hotel	My husband and I had a tiny room and bathroom which looked like it had not been renovated in 40 years. Breakfast was good. Luckily, we were only there for one night.	
Jul 26 2009 	Disappointed with Ramada	From all of the reviews we were expecting a nice stay at the Ramada. Pros:- room size was good - comfortable bedCons:- Breakfast. We were served burnt toast (white bread which was obvioulsy now black) and after getting over the surprise they thought it was acceptable to serve this we requested some edible toast. Five minutes later more toast arrives which was also burnt but they had used a knife to scrap off some of the black this time.- They only have two elevators to service the hotel and during our two day stay one of the elevators was out of service. This meant guests lined up for the lift and it could take 5-7 minutes to get to the front of the line to board the lift. Quicker to walk up 7 flights of stairs.	
Jul 21 2009 	Suave And Sophisticated 70s Style!	We stayed at this large hotel when we went to the Blur gig in Hyde Park, which is opposite the hotel. It was a brilliantly hot and sunny day, and we checked in immediately and were given a 'skyline' room, which started me thinking along the Jetsons theme! The room was large, with a panoramic view of Hyde Park and a mysterious but grand building opposite, albeit with the busy Bayswater Road running in between the park and the hotel. The windows opened, sacrily enough, with a sheer drop down about 8 floors - gulp! We couldn't really work out the air-con - but not sure if this was our fault or the slightly ambiguous instructions! The room had a real 1970s feel about it, but was spotlessly clean and very large - although the bathroom in contrast was very small!When we returned from the gig we had a couple of drinks in the bar, which was buzzing even nearing midnight. Expensive, but to be expected in a central London hotel. The swoosh of night traffic I found rather soothing when we got to bed, but may irritate others I guess.Breakfast the next morning was super-busy, most people taking the late option and taking their time to plough through the excellent selection, which included cereals, breads, and a full English including yummy (!) black pudding, which pleased my partner!A good clean hotel, perhaps lacking charm and a bit like a private hospital, but does the job.	
Jul 13 2009 	Across the street to Hyde Park	I have stayed at Ramada for 3 nights. I did my reservation couple of month in advance and fixed price which should be considered as value for money (105 pounds). The hotel locaion is convenient for relaxing activities in Hyde Park as well as for exploring London. Right accross the street is Hyde Park with al the recreation areas that may expect: childrens playground, lake, etc. For tLondon explorers Ramada's location also good: the closest tume/mtro station in 3 minutes walking distance and the bus station is right in the front of hotel. My first impression while I was walking in the hall to my room was the hotel is little outdated. However, the room was good enough, clean and big enough. For internet users: please be advised that you may have wired internet acess only for around 11.99 pounds/24 hours. Alternatively, the cost of hourly internet connection something like 5.99 pounds. The hotel is located right on the Bayswater road. So, it may be noisy when your room windows are facing this road. Overall reccomendation: you may expect reasonable 3-4 star service in a location close to public transportation and huge Hyde park.	
Jul 4 2009 	Excellent Location-Nice Staff 	Located across the street from Hyde Park and within (5-10 min) short stroll from 3 underground station's make the Ramada a good hotel to have as a base to see London. The hotel is a large modern building with over 209 room's. The room we had was about what you would expect of a 4 Star Ramada Inn anywhere in the U.S The room was nice and clean with a flat screen TV &amp; cable. The mirrow in the bathroom was even heated and the water pressure in the shower was excellent. The staff was helpful and friendly. Breakfast was included in the price and came with something for everyone Hot coco Coffee a good assortment of bread &amp; roll's Eggs 3 way's and assorted meat's,3 Juices Fruit Bowl.I will return to the hotel on our next visit. Have A Happy Trip	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location 	Just back from a weekend in London and was delighted with the Ramada Hyde Park. Its location is wonderful and transport links great. Bus right outside door to Oxford Street and the other way to Westfield Shopping Centre. Just across the road is the entrance to Kensington Gardens. The room was a really decent size and it was really quiet to the rear of the hotel, you would not know you were in central London. Breakfast was good and staff were very helpful. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location Great Service	We enjoyed our stay at the Ramada Jarvis Hyde Park. Location: The location was excellent. We were right across the street from Kensington Park, and only about a 5 minute walk to the Palace. Queensway Tube Station was just down the block, with lots of stores and such right there. Walking the other way towards Notting Hill, there were plenty of restaurants, stores, etc. Internet access at the hotel was rather expensive but we found several internet cafe's right there. A tip for Canadian travelers...if you go to Canada House (our consulate) present your passport and receive free internet.Room: The room was small, will very little storage space, which would be fine if you are just there for the night but we stayed 1 week. Other then that, the room was clean, comfortable and had everything we needed, as we really weren't there much. I would have liked a mini-fridge.Restaurant: We had our breakfast every morning as our package included breakfast. I found for a continental breakfast there was plenty of selection for everyone. If you don't have it included in your plan with would have been 15 pounds, which I don't think I would have paid. We also ate here a few nights for dinner, as we were too tired to go out after long days of touring. I found the dinner selections to be very affordable, and quite good. Not a lot of choice on the menu but for a quick bite to eat, it was perfect.Service: We found the staff helpful whenever we had any questions. We never missed a wake up call. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, as our flight came in at 9am, and check in is at 2...we went out for lunch and when we returned they still didn't have our room so the lady at the front desk offered us tea or coffee on the house in the restaurant while we waited. They ended up giving us our room around 1:30.Overall, I would absolutely stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	Location is great  hotel good.	We stayed for four nights and found the hotel very good located and for our purposes and needs adequate. The room was located towards Bayswater Road but on the fifth floor so we had no problems sleeping despite of the traffic. Very good beds.The breakfast was ok but not fantastic. We payed 512 GBP for four nights incl. english breakfast and I think we got value for the money but paying a higher price would not be recommended.	
Apr 27 2009 	Excellent Stay with Good Service	Found this hotel to a be perfectly situated base for touring London.Staff were very friendly and helpful, advising us of the best times to avoid the rush at breakfast.The breakfasts were very good and especially the speed at which the staff turned the tables around to seat the next guests.Only down side was the fire alarm went off at 3:30am on the last night of our stay but this seemed to be no fault of the hotel.Would highly recommend this hotel if it can be got at the right price - we found the best price to be on the hotel's own website.	
Apr 11 2009 	A good option in London if the price is right	I chose the Ramada Hyde Park as one of my favourite London hotels from a few years back, when they offered good deals. It has since become a more expensive option, but I recently found an attractive offer through booking.com of £55 per night for a single room.The hotel is a modern white building, nicely located opposite Hyde Park on the long Bayswater Road, between Notting Hill and the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street. It is within walking distance of the Notting Hill shops and public transport is close at hand, with a bus stop virtually outside the hotel and the Queensway tube station only a couple of minutes walk away.The reception area is nice and spacious, and I found the check-in staff to be pleasant and efficient. However, on the way to my room, I felt the corridors looked dated and tired, in much need of decoration.My room was on a side street, away from the busy Bayswater Road. It was therefore a relatively quiet room and had a large wall-to-wall window, which let in a fair amount of light. Although a single room (and therefore small), the bed was wider than a normal single. I found the furnishings to be quite tasteful and pleasing, but again the decor was in need of freshening up, with torn/peeling wallpaper in evidence. A generously-sized LCD TV was provided, and a nice touch was complimentary bottles of still and sparkling water.The ensuite bathroom included a full-size bath with shower over. The bath wasn't very inviting, being slightly grimy, particularly at the shower end. However, I was impressed by the powerful shower which provided ample hot water.Breakfast wasn't included in my room rate, but was available for £10 if booked at least a day in advance, or £15 if you turned up without booking. I didn't take the breakfast.The check-out time for this hotel is 12 noon, which is very convenient for those guests who don't need to leave early.The Ramada Hyde Park remains a very good option in central London, although does require some cosmetic updating. At the rate I paid, it was certainly a bargain, although I wouldn't be so happy to pay the full rate. Given suitable offers, it is a hotel I will probably return to again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Nice hotel...nice location	Stayed for one night as a little weekend break . Excellent rate , room was nice size for London , great view of Hyde Park and a few smoking rooms available which is always nice as there are someof us who still smoke ! Ideal location right near loads of places to eat on Queensway and 3 tube stations withing 5 mins walk ! Nice little hotel ! Breakfast could have been better but you win some you lose some !	
Mar 18 2009 	Lovely Hotel!	Room was clean, classy and large enough.Breakfast was brilliant, lots of choice - buffet style english and continental. Set us up for the day!Staff were friendly but not pushy. Room was made up lovely on arrival and each day after.Location is great! a short stroll to nearest tube station. Hyde park is over the road, and is beautiful to walk through. Shops round the corner for sandwiches drinks magazines etc. Please dont let bad reviews put you off, if you happen to get a room with a problem or encounter anything that dissatisfies you - REPORT IT, and request another room if avaliable, or some kind of compensation if not. I'm more than sure the hotel will be understanding and oblige!Our stay was perfect, clean, quiet, romantic, and worth every penny! :o)	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent value for location	Just back from a three night stay at Ramada, Hyde Park. This hotel was excellent value for money and very conveniently loated. Queensway tube station is only 3-4 miutes walk away. A 20 minute walk will bring you to Oxford street and Hyde Park is just across the road from the hotel. The staff were helpful and pleasant. I'm not sure that it is 4star standard but all I wanted was a clean comfortable room with a good shower. I got all of these. Breakfast was not included in the price (£85 per room) but there was a nice little cafe nearby that did a lovely breakfast.This is not a luxurious, plush hotel but it certainly does not deserve the bad reviews it has received in my opinion	
Jan 18 2009 	Adequate for a short stay.	The best feature of this hotel is the location. It’s a short walk from Queensway tube and from there, a short hop into the West End. There are also numerous restaurants and shops around the station. The hotel is situated on the main road so if you’re a light sleeper, you might want to request a room at the back.The room was a decent size by London standards although lacking some facilities I would expect in this range, most notably a refrigerator. Bedding and towels looked a bit worn and could have used a more thorough cleaning. My biggest gripe is with the shower; the water temperature was lukewarm and the pressure was little more than a trickle.Breakfast was very good with a nice selection of hot dishes although I felt a bit rushed by the staff over-zealously clearing the table, and there were only two other guests in the restaurant at the time.Overall it’s probably adequate for an overnight shopping or theater trip, but I’m not sure I’d recommend it for a longer stay.	
Jan 15 2009 	3 Star not 4...	I booked this hotel for business, even though they recently increased their rates.When checking in a asked for a non noisy postion which I got the opposite off, and was kept awake all night until 3pm with cars driving through road works area at the front of the hotel. Not to emntion the paper thin waqlls, so could hear next doors tv and every noise. As if I wasn't unhappy enough, then in the morning the shower was broken and didn't work.One positive comment is that the staff were welcoming enough, and semed to be trying, although none spoke full english and all were foreign as usual in the UK these days.Pick a cheaper B and B or 3 star hotel in a less noisey are of possible.	
Jan 9 2009 	Worth exactly the price	I dreaded going to Ramada after reading some of comments here, but in reality things don't look that bad there - in fact, it's quite a normal hotel, considering its price (for me it was 45 pounds, inlc. taxes). But you get exactly what you pay for - a typical room with needed amenteties, but nothing more than that.I can't find anything terrible to say, however the hotel is nothing special none-the-less. So if you're looking for a cheap place to stay, it should be fine for you - friendly staff, you'll get a nice bed, a nice bathroom, a TV set and a tea set even with free cookies. But you can't expect miracles or superb service for 45 pounds per night, can you?However if you have extra money, there're definitely better hotels in London. But if you're stuck to your budget, Ramada will do.	
Dec 22 2008 	Get what you pay for!	Not sure what previous reviewers were looking for but first thing you've got to remember..........this is London and location pretty much defines everything.Was looking for a suitably located hotel, as close to the West End, as the budget could allow - was booking 5 rooms the first night and 9 for the second. Went direct and got them for £74 a night including breakfast. Booked singled rooms but ALL were upgraded to either doubles or twins - good start there!Upon arrival, very swift and informative experience and our rooms faced a variety of directions, i.e. towards the front (the main road - didn't mind this but in the height of summer, maybe request another room due to the noise).Rooms were spacious enough and as mentioned previously, only really the bathroom let it down and especially the bath being in need of replacement - however, clean and tidy and the same the following day.Only had breakfast in the hotel and this was a bit hit or miss - warm on the first morning and hot on the second but due to excess alcohol, wasn't really to bothered about this!Open plan breakfast/restaurant area, with a little bar attached to this - bar prices were probably one on the most expensive I've experienced in London, so only had a couple there.The immediate area around the hotel doesn't provide much but just the 2 minutes back to the tube station, provides an abundance of opportunities to choose basically, whatever tickles your fancy.Overall the hotel does need some TLC but was clean and tidy and the staff were very attentive, so couldn't really fault the place and at that price, would suggest it to be a reasonable bargain.	
Dec 13 2008 	Basic hotel good for short stay	I thought the hotel was ok, but in need of tidying up.The location is good, I got off at Queensway but Nottinghill Gate is also a short walk away. The hotel was really easy to get to, and can't be missed, which is great as I forgot to take my directions with me!Reception was lovely, check in was a bit slow but the person who dealt with me was a trainee and the computer system was playing up, so I don't think that could've been helped. That said, the receptionist was lovely, and a great representative for the hotel.The room itself was a decent size; I requested a single room and got one with 2 single beds. The en suite was a little small, but for one one person it was adequate. The only issue I had was that the bathroom really needed a make over; at first I thought the bath was dirty, but realised that it was actually old and a bit shabby and rusty.I didn't use the restaurant, as there was a variety of restaurants around the corner.Overall, I think the hotel was good for the purpose that I needed. I probably wouldn't recommend it for an extended stay though.	
Dec 3 2008 	Don't even think about staying here you will regret it!	I travel for business and I ended up staying at the Ramada Hyde Park for 4 nights. It was the worst mistake I have made in quite some time. This hotel is a disgrace, it is not a 3 or 4 star, more like 2, and dirty! I disliked my stay here so much so that I will never stay in a Ramada associated hotel again. The single rooms are tiny! ugly! dirty! and the walls are thin as paper so you can hear everyone around you. The hallways are so badly deteriorated that it looks as if a war ravaged the walls. To top it off, they have no hotel amenities, no gym, no business center, etc.. The only thing positive I can say is the staff is nice but incompetent. I do not normally write reviews but in this instance, I feel for the common good I must warn those who are about to travel to London, do not ruin your stay and book this hotel, there in nothing worse than a bad hotel in London, and this is nearly as bad as it gets.(suggestion, if you are stuck in this hotel, upgrade to a king size bed, the rooms are bigger, you will have to pay an additional 40 Pounds per night, but there is nothing worse than the single rooms)	
Nov 13 2008 	One of the worst hotels I have stayed at.	On arrival the reception were very efficient and booked in with ease. However the first thing we noticed was wall paper peeling on entry to the room. Air con flapped and only 2 half roll of loo paper. But the biggest let down was the breakfast, the tables weren't cleaned down between diners, the teapots were stained on the outside and the tea appears to have been made without boiling the water, the waitress couldn't understand what we meant by boiling!. The waitress's uniform was extremely dirty and one waitress appeared to wipe her nose on her collar. The food was very poor, no fresh toast brought to the tables and one of our party had eggshell in her scrambled eggs. I thought for a 4 star rated hotel this was a complete rip off of the tourists, but perhaps we were unlucky on the night we stayed.	
Nov 1 2008 	Good value if plain	Stayed this week. Superb base for walking around that part of London and two tube stations nearby (use Notting Hill Gate, not Queensway). Room was OK, although not four star quality. Only snag in room was the heating was off and it took ages to heat up the room. Breakfast was fair, good selection and rather slow service at peak time.	
Sep 24 2008 	Welcoming and wonderful	After a terrible disaster with our first hotel, we booked the same day for the Ramada Hyde Park, purely by chance I had seen it from a taxi. After the crummy cold service at the last place, walking into the glossy Ramada lobby was like walking up to a warm fire. Everyone was so kind, the room was a great size and had tons of great amenities like hair dryer, iron and ironing board, and best of all, a bathtub. Our rate wasn't super cheap because of the last minute factor, but it was reasonable and I've heard you can great deals if you book in advance.	
Sep 14 2008 	Good Breakfast but thats about it	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We arrived quite late in the evening about 10.30 pm after a 30 hour journey from our home in Australia. Check in was relatively good apart from having to make an on the spot decision as to weather we wanted the hotel buffet breakfast in the morning. Not knowing how long we might sleep we were undecided - then we were told that if we didn't decide tonight, it would cost an extra 5 GBS for a decision in the morning!! Needless to say this did not go down very well with two extremely tired people!! Unfortunately this hotel is very dated, and tired looking and the rooms are no different. We found the staff quite abrupt and uncaring. The location however is great with lots of buses passing the door as well as a short walk to restaurants and a very good internet cafe.The breakfast was excellent, (yes decided to go for the buffet breakfast) plenty of variety and a great cup of tea. Also a big screen TV for those addicted to the morning bulletin. One small problem was that the time of breakfast varied each day and no staff member has the forsight to tell us.One unfortunate incident was the fire alarm going off at 12.15 am, everyone evacuated and the fire dept turned up. I suppose these things happen but it was a false alarm and ended up disturbing the sleep of all hotel patrons for no reason.On check-out, we were overcharged but once this was pointed out our bill was quickly amended. Another thing totally overlooked by the staff on our day of check -out was a large bowl of flowers in the centre of the lobby - unfortunately well past their use by date in other words three quarter dead! Not good.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great for a theatre break	We stayed at the Hyde Park Ramada for two days on a theatre break. The location of this hotel is just perfect for a trip to London.The hotel itself is really nice, it's clean and welcoming. All the staff kept checking if everything was to our satisfaction, etc. The room was as others have said a good size and very clean. the bed was really comfy and you don't realise you are in central London.Hubby and I took a lovely stroll through Hyde park on the first day and up to Harrods stopping for a pub lunch on the way. Buy a little map of London as everything is in reasonably close proximity. The show we went to was at the Dominion and we jumped on the tube just round the corner from the hotel and got out at the door step of the theatre ten minutes later. The next day we took a tour of London and the Original Tour bus stop is right outside the hotel - perfect. If you are there for a few days go down the Queensway road for places to eat - you can choose almost any country you want. Indian, Chinese, American (well MacDonalds) persia, lebanese and so on.Will most definately use this hotel again as we never got round to doing loads we wanted to like see Portobello market which was just round the corner and lots more beside.	
Sep 7 2008 	Excelent value 	I booked this hotel using a discount website and was delighted with the excellent value: £79 for 1 night's B&amp;B. I was not expecting too much for that price, but it was only for one night.The hotel has a great location, helpful staff, clean &amp; comfortable room and even a good brand biscuit pack on the drinks tray -so it was ticking all the boxes for me. The most pleasant surprise of my stay was the ample breakfast in the attractive dining room by friendly and efficient staff. I really enjoyed the kedgeree (with salmon!!)and they serve the best hotel sausage I have ever eaten. Queensway is the closer tube station and the 390 bus stops very near so handy for Oxford Street etc.I will be back!!!	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent location	This hotel is situated across the road from Hyde Park and is a 2 minute stroll from Queensway tube station.The room we had was on the 4th floor and was of reasonable size for the 2 of us. The decor in the room was a bit old fashioned but was very clean, comfortable and quiet.We had ample space for clothes storage, iron / board, flat screen TV, internet access and a queen bed.The en-suite was OK - shower wasnt the most powerful in the world but did its job. There was a vent brick of some sort above the shower that was very dusty and could do with a clean but other than that, was OK.Breakfast was included in the price and was excellent - choice of cereals, fruit, pastries and all the ingredients for a cooked breakfast - bacon, sausage, beans etc etc and plenty of tea, coffee, juices etc.The staff were welcoming and helpful on arrival. There are 2 lifts up to the floors, one of which was broken during our stay and they aren't the biggest lifts either. We had great dificulty in locating the stairs as we often has to wait a couple of minutes for the lift due to the amount of people using it. The stairs werent in an obvious place and the layout of the floors is a bit strange but once you get your bearings, it is OKOverall the hotel is clean, quiet, and the location is excellent for a weekend break to London and I would certainly considder staying here again in the future	
Jul 12 2008 	OK for a night needs refurb	I stayed at the hotel for one night on a business trip.When I arrived there was some confusion as I was part of a large group booking and the receptionist couldn't find my name on the list (I found it for them, in the crease where the receptionist had stapled the page). As I was being checked in, someone returned to reception to say that the room they had been allocated was already occupied. One of my colleagues was also allocated a room that was already occupied. Not great for security or for women travelling on their own. The Ramada is a large hotel and it was concerning to see how disorganised the reception desk was. I double locked my room and used the safety chain!The room was large and clean enough but in need of redecoration. There was a hospitality tray and hairdryer but no safe. The bed was comfortable and the linen was clean. The bathroom was quite small and in need of a re-fit as the fittings were worn and the shower head caked with limescale. The complimentary toiletries smelt awful, really chemically and synthetic.Breakfast was OK - there were veggie sausages which was good - and there was a reasonable variety but the cooked items such as the tomatoes and mushrooms were over-seasoned. The mushrooms were so salty I couldn't eat them and the meat sausages were way too spicy/herby. Also, we had nearly finished eating by the time someone came to take our drinks order and the waiting staff weren't very friendly.On a positive note, the hotel is close to the tube (Queensway on the Central Line) and is in a quiet area opposite the park. There are lots of restaurants nearby too. The rate (£109) was quite reasonable for central London.When I checked out, I wasn't asked if I enjoyed my stay or if everything had been OK. Also, there wasn't a feedback form in the room and there doesn't appear to be one on the Ramada website... do they care?  Overall, the Ramada is OK for a one night stop but the hotel staff need to get organised and the building needs a refurb.	
Jun 27 2008	OK but expensive for what you get	The hotel is OK, decent location but it is very expensive. I managed to get a 'discounted rate' for one night at £125!The hotel is located directly opposite Kensington Gardens which is nice and a 2 minute walk to Queensway tube station.My room was on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel.Decent size room but some glaring ommissions like toilet roll and a clock!The bar area was poor with flat, warm beer and a barman with an attitude to match.Buffet style breakfast was OK.Wouldn't stay here again. There are better central London hotels for that money!!	
Jun 21 2008 	Can't beat the location	Given the nondescript exterior of this building, the interior was a pleasant surprise. Our executive room on the top floor was a decent size (by London standards) and very clean. The bed was large and comfortable, and the ensuite bathroom was spacious and well maintained. Despite the hotel's location on busy Bayswater Road, our room at the back of the hotel (overlooking residential dwellings, rather than Hyde Park) was very quiet. The hallway had an unfortunate smell of cigarette smoke, but this couldn't be detected in the room. The hotel interior on some of the other (standard-room) floors also seemed overdue for an update.Above all, the location of this hotel couldn't be beat. You are minutes away from several tube stations, convenient bus routes, Kensington/Hyde Park and Notting Hill. I'd suggest bypassing the bland and overpriced hotel restaurant, and venturing a few minutes away into lovely, residential Westbourne Grove for a choice of eating options. Although this chain hotel has a fairly generic feel, its prime location near residential areas allows you to get a taste of a lovely neighbourhood in London -- along with the ability to get anywhere else in the city easily.	
Jun 3 2008 	Lovely room with great views over the city	This hotel is in a great location with easy access to just about anywhere! I found the staff very pleasant and professional and would definitely stay here again. Having stayed in a number of hotels in the city, I must say I was pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of the room which was not only comfortable but also offered great views over the city and of the London Eye.	
May 30 2008 	Location Location Location	I've stayed here several times now, its not a 4 star hotel more 3 or 3 and a half. It has a small car park (unusual for a Central London hotel) which is very useful but costs £25 a day.This hotel has one great advantage that gets me back time and again when I'm in town, its the location. Near Queensway Tube on the Central Line, so you've got City and West End within a few minutes yet its far enough out not to be able to charge any of the extortionate rates charged by hotels such as the Cumberland at Marble Arch. Also its opposite Hyde Park, the hotel has no gym but you can get a great workout with a run or power-walk round the park.Some of the best pubs in London are nearby, the Windsor Castle is universally rated as one of the best in town and its 10 minutes walking distance - turn right into Bayswater Road, walk past Kensngton Palace towards Notting Hill, keep walking till you get to Campden Hill Road where you walk up the hill for 300 yards or so and you'll see the pub which has the finest beer garden in England. Generally speaking Notting Hill has the best pub/restaurant/cafe scene in London.The rooms are ok, a bit smallish, don't get stuck with the single rooms which are particularly small, but the rest are pretty comfortable and clean.The food is bad, no two ways to describe it, although the breakfast buffet is surprisingly good but make sure you eat out in the evening, the menu in the bar/restaurant is very limited and the quality pretty poor. Staff are helpful, most were new as of May 2008, they seem to be a pretty friendly bunch who will help you out if you ask.Generaly speaking, if you're looking for a bit of luxury this is not for you but its reflected in the price and quite honestly there isn't a better location anywhere in London, you might have to search around for pubs and restaurants but this is the area that you'll find the best in town.	
May 22 2008	Really Liked This Hotel!	Stayed in 4 different hotels in London on one trip. Booked a short Globus Tour, then traveld about on my own. Globus booked this one for the first 2 nights of the tour. It was unusually hot for May but my room had STRONG air conditioning blowing. (Used it to chill my cheese snacks.) Plus a heater I could turn on. (Used that to dry my socks!)The bath was clean and the bed very soft and comfy. There was an iron/ironing board, hair dryer, coffee service (+tea+cocoa), bottled water (still + sparkling), shortbread cookies, extra pillows and towels in the closet, big flat screen with keyboard (you could get internet in the room), shampoo and shower gel. And 9 free channels on the TV. My other hotels each had SOME of these, Ramada Hyde Park has it ALL. I saw no critters (even with keeping cheese in my room...LOL!) and I had no complaints. In fact, later on I sort of wished I was back at the Ramada!	
May 13 2008 	Think Twice	Stayed at the Ramada Hyde Park for 3 nights on a London/Paris tour. I would strongly recommend that you consider other options and think twice before booking this hotel. It's very run down, the rooms are old, they have no air conditioning and most of the staff was not very helpful and actually rude to us when we had issues. They advertise there is air conditioning but it just blows air, no cool air coming out at all. We complained multiple times and nothing was done. It was impossible to sleep or even get ready in the morning because we were sweating and you could not breath in the room. That was really my biggest issue. Everything else I could deal with for 3 nights but the room was just way too hot.The one positive about this hotel is the location. The area is very nice and there are many places to eat and shop with a quick walk to the Underground.	
Apr 28 2008	Nice Hotel	We've just returned from a weekend at the Ramada, after reading some reviews I was a bit unsure as what to expect. I got a good deal through the hotel and the days out guide website, 2 nights for the price of 1 inc breakfast. I requested a smoking room, high floor, nice view but was told I wasn't guaranteed to recieve any of these requests. I was suprised to find that all my requests had been fulfilled, I had a smoking room on a high floor with a really nice view. The rooms were spacious and the staff were helpful, really comfortable pillows! The shower head was a bit low down so for taller people this would of been a problem as my boyfriend discovered. Breakfast was nice, there was a good selection of food, bacon, sausages, fried egg, scrambled egg, beans, black pudding, mushrooms, tomatoes, hash browns etc. and there were other options like cereal, cooked meats &amp; vegetarian options. The hotel was in a good location near the tube station which was great for getting you places in a short space of time. Although the location was good it was quite costly to some places on a night in a taxi, we choose not to use the tubes on a night and were going to watch grease at the picadilly theatre (which is great!) it cost about £15 which wasnt too bad but then we had to get back aswell. Overall I would definately stay at this hotel again, I was impressed and would recommend it to others.	
Apr 23 2008	A lunch at Ramada Hyde Park	I took my mum for her birthday lunch at the Arts restaurant at the hotel.The food was very good (I'd say the portions were too big if anything). The atmosphere was quiet and relaxed, which made a nice relief from shopping on Oxford Street.The service was just right, not over friendly, but still freidnly and ackknowledging and got all the orders correct.I'd definitely recommend if you fancy a big lunch! The prices are typical hotel restaurant prices.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great Stay	I had a wonderful experience whilst staying at this hotel. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful, the food was delicious and the rooms were spacious and clean. Would highly recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Apr 13 2008 	Hopped into London	We arrived Easter Sunday during a snow blizzard. After finding out our luggage was lost, showing up in sandals and shorts from New Orleans, we were greeted by the friendliest front desk staff. They immediately phoned local shopping centers to find us shoes, clothes, etc. on Easter day! Since our room was not yet ready, they offered us a room in which to take a hot shower while we were waiting for our booked accomodations. Over our 4 day stay, they went above and beyond our expectations of service. We were pleased with the staff, hotel, and neighborhood (great location close to tube stations, bus stops, Hyde Park). Highly recommended and can't wait to return!	
Mar 30 2008 	Clean comfortable and good value for money.........	We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Hyde Park Ramada and could not fault anything! Our room had all the facilities that folk appreciate - tea and coffee making facilities, etc., hairdier, iron, trouser press, etc. as well as a copious supply of fresh towels daily if required, toiletries, fresh biscuits every day and bottles of still and sparkling water. The room was clean, comfortable and cosy with easily controlled heating. Bathroom clean and plenty of hot water. Breakfast was fabulous - well worth paying the extra to have it included in your stay price! Super range of cooked breakfast - veggie options very much appreciated too! Also plenty of fruit juice, cereal , etc. Hotel is very well situated - a very short walk to Queensway Tube station - and buses stop outside, including the open top tour buses which are a must-do way to see London painlessly! Hop on and off and take the inclusive boat trip too. Can't fault the service in any way - all our requests were met. Concierge very helpful and nothing too much bother. As a middle aged couple we found the hotel had all we needed and met all our expectations. We will definitely use it again and recommend it to our friends.	
Mar 26 2008 	Good Hotel if you like Mice sharing your experience	The hotel is mean't to be a 4* but I have stayed in better more up to date 3* hotels. Good Location and overall not a bad hotel but would not go back again due to the mice running around in the Bar area.We got back after a few drinks around the local pubs and got back for a few more when we saw the mouse running between the tables eating bits of food on the floor. We told the bar staff and they were not concerned at all and seemed to quite like them. The real worrying point of this is the bar is linked into the restaurant so they must be in there also, god knows what is in the kitchen. We ate there and the food wasn't great either apart from the breakfast.The rooms were ok, again tired looking and we booked double rooms which are 2 singles put together so not greatly comfortable.I have complained but had no reply in 2 weeks which says to me the Hotel does not care about this problem. The Ramada is part of a large group called the Wyndham Hotel Group who franchise out their hotels but obviously do not check up on their standards.Overall I would never stay at any hotels in this group again and have attached some photo's of the other guests you will spend your stay with.	
Feb 23 2008 	Hyde Parks little friends	Stayed for one night (22/02/08) after visiting the albert hall. Decided to relax in the restaurant/bar area for a drink afterwards where we were introduced to some of the hotels little furry residents. At least 2 mice were seen by ourselves and another group of guests emerging from a hole in the skirting and scampering around the dining area looking for scraps - NICE when you pay £14 for two drinks at the bar! Bar and reception staff seemed uninterested but were nice enough to offer my partner ANOTHER SEAT away from the mouse hole!!!	
Feb 19 2008	Pretty Good Hotel	We found this hotel to be in a great location, right across from Hyde Park and it was pretty easy to get to from Stansted Airport. We took the coach to Marble Arch and from there it was about a 25 minute walk to the hotel. Once we got our bearings and found Bayswater, it was a straight shot to the hotel. Check in was smooth, staff was friendly and helpful with signing up for the Big Bus Tour (highly recommended), the lobby was very nicely appointed and the lounge/restaurant area was pleasant and had big plasma TVs for viewing. We did eat in the hotel restaurant one night and had a very disappointing experience. We are rarely displeased with service at restaurants, but the server here was completely useless and very rude. For example, he brought me the wrong drink and when I told him it was incorrect, he snatched the glass away and threw the whole glass into the bar sink - smashing it. He also didnt listen to our orders and messed up on several things. Finally, the food was mediocre and not exactly cheap. I would steer clear from this place for dinner. We also didnt pay for the breakfast because it was about 15 Pounds per person, which amounts to $60 for breakfast for 2 people! Instead, we went to the starbucks down the street towards Notting Hill Gate. The standard room was perfectly adequate and reasonably priced by London standards. The room was plenty large, although I have heard many complaints about London's tiny hotel rooms. The bed was very comfortable and much needed after long days of walking around London. If you can find a good price for this hotel, I highly recommend booking here.	
Feb 17 2008	Didn't sleep a wink - give this one a miss.	On arrival found large tile off wall in bath. Workman eventually came and said not to use shower. After a while I went to the desk and asked to be moved to a room where we could shower but there were no other twin, non-smoking rooms available. It took a lot of persuasion before they agreed to prepare another room which was not available before we had to set off for the theatre. When we returned at 11pm and retrieved our bags we found the room was at the front and the double glazing unit was stuck open so the traffic noise kept us awake all night. Breakfast was awful - queue for tables because they were not reset and food kept running out and not being replaced for ages. More like 2* -but the beds were comfortable!	
Feb 5 2008 	Very very good - but not quite perfect!	This is a large chain hotel just outside the centre of London, but within walking distance of Hyde Park Corner, and very conveniently situated for tube and bus connections.It is opposite Kensington Gardens, and you can walk through there to Kensington Palace, and Kensington High Street for shopping.The streets as you come out of Queensway tube station (and the station itself) can give a very negative and wrong impression of the area the hotel is situated in.The hotel is fairly modern (I'd say late 70's or early 80's) with moderate sized rooms - for a London hotel - here comes my first criticism - the double bed in our room was larger than the design specification - so that there was a chair wedged between the bed and the window wall. The window was huge - and joy of joys it actually opened!! (but the air conditioning didn't work - so that might have been essential!).The room was spotlessly clean, with TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and bottles of water. The public areas too were clean and spacious - the bar / restaurant seemed remarkably well priced (cheap) for a London hotel. Breakfast was a bit spartan (no toast - what's that about?) but adequate to set us up for the day.My biggest complaint was the check in - we arrived soon after the advertised check-in availability of 2pm - the room wasn't ready - no problem - we had a cup of tea in the bar - the receptionist promised to come and get us when the room was ready - did she heck!? My perception of the whole check-in check-out procedure was that the staff needed a bit of retraining ( as we call it).This hotel was very popular, when we were there, with older British travellers, with very few non-UK accents to be heard.	
Jan 16 2008 	Ramada Perfect Location	We have just returned from a 3 day break to London.We wanted a nice hotel which was in a good location for visiting London's hot spots but also one which wasn't too busy.The Ramada was perfect for our short stay and we'd definitely stay there again. It's about a 3 minute walk from the nearest tube (Notting Hill Gate), making it easy to commute around the city and there are plenty of shops nearby for any essentials. It's also opposite Hyde Park which is great if you fancy a nice walk.The room was a Double room and was clean, warm and had everything we needed. The only downside was the windows - these weren't very thin and, as the hotel is located on the corner of Kensington High St, this made it a little noisy at night. Some earplugs sorted that out though!We booked a double room through www.laterooms.com, rather than through the hotel direct. By doing this, we saved a packet. We payed £100 per night for a double, instead of £250, saving us £300 for the 2 night stay.Friendly staff, clean hotel, superb location. Would definitely recommend.	
Jan 14 2008 	Perfect hotel	Stayed here for two nights on 14th Dec. We could not have wished for a nicer hotel. Our room was spacious and had tea/coffee facilities which they replenished. The heating/aircon in the rooms was spot on and could be altered individually. We found the rooms to be very quiet and had no problem sleeping. The hotel itself was very clean and even though it was a busy time we found the service top class. We ate breakfast and the choice was perfect and all the food was hot. The staff in the bar and restaurant were very very friendly. It had a perfect location for everything we wanted, and on the evenings we were spoilt for choice locally for food and drink so it was never far to walk. We visited lots of the major attractions and took in a show. We found the tube easy to get round. This is a perfect hotel for all the sights and we will certainly revisit in future.	
Jan 5 2008	'Grand' Hotel Great Location	I stayed here for a short New Year break with a friend. Accomodation was warm and comfortable - rooms are quite small, bathroom was tiny - and they're very tight with the toiletries.Chambermaid was really annoying - not only would she knock on your door when you were trying to catch up on some sleep, it seemed you could hear her knocking on every other door also. Also when returning to the room in the evening I found that it hadn't been cleaned properly - coffee cups, napkins, wine glasses - still there.And the wine - 15 pounds for a bottle of the cheapest screw-cap Sauvignon Blanc... a bottle of Liebfraumilch at 2.99 from Tesco would have been nicer and a lot more honest. So disappointing - especially given the fact it accompanied sub standard room service food. It's not hard to chargrill a chicken breast, and the nachos were cold and 'gloopy'. On the plus side it's reasonably priced - and the best thing about this hotel is the location - so close to everything and great if you're on a weekend break.I don't think I'd stay here again though - I expect better quality of room service food; and can't stand chambermaids who make you feel like you're imposing on their day's work - customer is always right isn't he/she???	
Dec 19 2007 	Excellent location Excellent customer service	We actually were charged 3 times for this hotel through a credit card mix up, so we complained and were upgraded immediately to their studio room, the staff was so friendly and apologetic, they even left us flowers and a bowl of lovely fruit as a gesture of goodwill. The studio room was lovely, big bed, excellent facilities, view wasnt bad too, we were not bothered one bit by noise as our room faced away from the street.Breakfast was good too, my only complaint would be with the lifts, which i would say were too small for when you have a few cases etc, aside from that i felt very welcome and was treated very well here - and the locality couldnt be better - Hyde park on your doorstep.Queensway and Notting Hill Gate tube stations are both about 5 mins away.	
Dec 8 2007 	Great hotel especially if you get right price	We stayed here for a weekend. The hotel rooms and bathrooms were spacious and clean. There were little extras like bottled water and biscuits and good tea/coffee making facilities. Location is perfect for Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and Notting Hill, as well as being nearer to Tube than the hotel claims! Nice breakfast, with the big windows providing view of the greenery round the hotel and the joggers passing up and down. Excellent. E	
Dec 3 2007 	We loved this hotel!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel! It is right in Notting Hill so there is so much around to do in this area. The room was clean and very modern. The staff were very friendly and helped us in anyway theycould. We booked our trip through a travel agent so our breakfast was included with the total price. There is a hotel bar with a friendly barkeep and always a bowlful of peanuts. The underground is just a block away, pretty much in both directions. There was the Queensway gate and the Notting Hill gate, we went all over London from these two gates, it was as simple as pie! We both thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Ramada Hyde Park!	
Nov 28 2007	Never again!	My wife and I stayed for 2 night B&amp;B and found it a very unpleasant experience. The wallpaper in the room was dirty and pealing off the wall, the bathroom was in a terrible state and it looked liked the bathroom door had recently be barged in and had been repaired quickly and unprofessionally. The television in the room was on the side and impossible to see from the bed and there was only one draw to share between us both. The breakfast on the first morning was barely luke warm and this didn't improve much on the second morning. The only thing I could possible recommend about this hotel was the location!	
Nov 13 2007 	Wonderful stay	My daughter gave me a trip to London as a retirement gift. We used Trip Advisor extensively in researching our trip. Even though there was an occasional bad review, we booked this hotel anyway. We found it to be a great value, and a wonderful place to stay. The room was small, but we had learned that European rooms ARE smaller. It was VERY clean, and our housekeeping person did a great job. The buffet breakfast was included, and was quite good. The staff in the restaurant was great. My daughter burned her finger, and our waitress came up with a remedy we'd never heard of, and it worked! The beds were VERY comfortable, and we slept great. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Oct 19 2007 	Yuck!	I didn't enjoy my stay here at all. The cleaning lady constantly kept trying to come into my room while I slept. EVEN with the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door, I was having some serious jet lag and needed the extra sleep.There are hardly any restaurants in the area. (Avoid the Princess Di Cafe at all costs but do try the cute italian place, forgot the name, I know its a chain though since I seen a few around) A few places to grab snacks though.I did like the convenience of the tube station. There was a mall around the corner a few blocks down. Tons of souvenier shoppes. The hotel was small, very insignificant for the amount it cost for the room. If you do decide to stay here, fork up the extra 30 pounds per night for a double. The single rooms where so tiny. I actually reserved a double room with British Airways but was given a single and had to pay another 30 pounds per night for the double.The concierge was great. People at the front desk, not so much.I would never ever stay here again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Generally Good But avoid the ground floor rooms	Placed here through Expotel whilst working in London at White City (3 stops down the Central line)Rooms pleasant and air conditioned, occasionally not fully working, usually given a twin or double instead of a single.Room rate direct is over £200 for the night and isn't worth that. Managed to get in for £99 a night including breakfast.Reception always helpful and got to know some by name.Ground floor rooms are noisy both from the corridor and cars and dustcarts coming and going outside.First floor is better but again try and get a middle of the floor room. Far end ones are noisy, again similar reason to ground floor.Floors above that quiet and no issues what so ever.Never been at the front of the hotel so cannot comment on views or noise as all my rooms have been on the side of the hotel.Breakfast is great included for me so made the most of it, unlimited cooked stuffs, fruit, cereals,pastries, juices etc. Usually hot when necessary and fairly quickly replaced. Restaurant manager very jolly and adds to the place.If a regular stayer, sign up for their hotel points, might be worth something in the long term.	
Aug 26 2007 	Not as good as expected	We booked this hotel as part of an independent London stay through a tour company that we had just traveled to Scotland with. It was the middle choice among three grades of hotel offered but it left me regretting I hadn't opted for the slightly more expensive choice.  First, there was confusion upon check-in. We arrived mid-afternoon after a long train journey from Glasgow, and since we had been told to check in with the host of the tour company, we tried waiting for her to be free to speak with us, but finally lost patience and went to the desk. Whereupon we were checked in but were told we had to get our keys from the tour company host. Of course, when we finally did speak to the host, she told us we had to get our keys from the desk clerk. Back to the desk, where the clerk seemed annoyed with us. Finally, keys in hand to a room number beginning with a &quot;1&quot;, we head for the elevator (two weeks in the UK had taught us that the first floor and the ground floor, were we were standing, were not the same thing) only to be told to go through some doors on the ground floor to find the room. Through a dark corridor we went, already not wanting to be on the ground floor, and this was confirmed when we saw the window looking right out onto the street and only one bed in the room. ( I was travelling with my daughter and all our hotel reservations were for twin beds). We returned to the desk to ask for another room. The room we were then given was technically not on the ground floor, but on a &quot;mezzanine&quot;, which was something I hadn't seen in any of the seven other hotels I'd stayed in, two of them also Ramadas. After getting off the elevator there was a short flight of steps up to a door, and then another dark corridor. The room had twin beds at least, but the view was overlooking an alley featuring dumpsters. Too tired to go back, we setled for this room. This was the first hotel where we had to leave a room key in a slot to keep the elecricity running. The bedding was fairly comfortable, the bathroom could have had more space for toiletries, but everything was clean enough. We didn't leave the curtains open most of the time we were there, for privacy reasons, and despite putting on every light in the room it always seemed too dark.Our included breakfast was a typical buffet, with sufficient variety of decent food and enough seating. and good service. The desk staff was very unaccomodating when I asked to cash a twenty pound sterling traveler's check. Finally they agreed, scrutinized my passport for a long time, photocopied it, and eventually handed over the measly twenty pounds.The location was convenient in that you could walk to two or three tube stations (Queensway, Bayswater, or Notting Hill Gate) a lot of buses passed by but none of them seemed to be going anywhere we wanted to go, so we used the tube. Queensway, the main restaurant/shopping street nearby, was crammed with all kinds of ethnic restaurants and a mind-boggling array of people from all over the world. A lot of the restaurants featured outdoor seating with people smoking water pipes. The shops were mostly cheap and trashy. We ate in two of the restaurants there and found the food okay, but the service arrogant, as if they were doing us a big favor. And mind you, my daughter and I were not pulling any ugly American act, either. So altogether, this hotel and its location did not live up to my expectations and did not add anything to our experience, but we managed to enjoy our stay in London anyway.	
Aug 22 2007 	loved the ramada	stayed at this hotel near xmas time for a weekend. booked a standard double room but received a free upgrade to a suite which was big with an extremely comfy bed and had a great view.friendly staff, allowed us to stay an xtra night for the same rate we had payed on the internet.great breakfast and room service.location ok as is near the a tube station.excellent value for money.	
Aug 7 2007 	Good if the price is right	Stayed here for a night in August.Hotel is clean.Rooms are too.Bed was big and the room a decent size for London.Complimentary coffee and tea and water and biscuits.View was poor.Plenty of toiletries and towels.The first room we were in was noisy because of a fire/exit door banging and we were moved within 10 mins.Bar is fine-pricey as you`d expect of a hotel bar in this part of London.Breakfast was good-plenty of choice and a buffet arangement.A/C was ok though i`m told some rooms can be a problem-complain if yours is.Check in and check out were alright.Location was good-opposite Hyde Park and the big London tour bus stops outside( as a native Londoner i didn`t take this but it must be excellent for tourists) .Also the tube is a few mins walk in either direction from the hotel and that`s good.Price is the determining factor with this hotel.It`s part of a big chain No-one seems to pay the same price.It depends how you book.The rack rate is high but you`ll only pay this if you walk in off the street with &quot; mug&quot; written on your forehead.Do a deal and this is a good choice.Lots of Americans were staying there so I imagine it`s possible to get a good deal from the States.There`s much better hotels in London.There`s lots with better location,better rooms,better service.But London hotels can be pretentious and vastly over-priced when what you mainly want to do is catch the tourist sights and get your head down for the night.This hotel is 3* plus,perhaps 4* because it`s London and if you can get a decent deal on price ,it`s good value.I`d stay there again and I`m a Londoner born and bred--nuff said?	
Jul 31 2007 	Convenient Location	Got a good deal for a two nights stay here £150 including breakfast which is pretty good for London. I usually stay in Bloomsbury/ Russell Square area but hotels here were either fully booked or too expensive.The location is great - on the main road midway between Notting Hill Gate and Queensway tube station, three minutes walk from each both of which are on the red Central line about five stops from the West End. Kensington Gardens are opposite if you fancy a stroll.Check in was quick and staff were generally polite, lifts were prompt. You can leave your bags after checking out for no extra charge.My request for a non smoking room was not met and though there was no odour in the room, there was a slight smell from the lift down the corridor to my room. The room was clean though slightly cramped but this was compensated by having a wide screen TV with a few satellite channels. The shower was powerful but not piping hot - luckily this was not a problem in July.A nice touch was the complementary bottles of still and sparkling water provided each day as well as the usual coffee, tea, biscuits etc.The breakfast buffet tasted much better than it looked though sadly no fresh orange juice. Tea or coffee is brought to your table immediately. There wasn't a vast choice but it was quite sufficient and you could help yourself to keep you going.It was a pity about the odour in the corridor, having said that I was pleased overall and would stay here again provided The price was right.	
Jun 12 2007 	exactly what it says on the tin...!	Stayed only one night here with a friend. Had been looking at loads of &quot;no star&quot; B &amp; B's, then went up market. Got the most amazing deal with &quot;Holiday nights&quot; - try it out ! ! We paid £89 for a twin room, the tariff on the reception desk said £300....The hotel was great. I have stayed in London in everything from a &quot;no star&quot; B &amp; B to a 5 star hotel. This is 4 star and is exactly what it says on the tin..!!They have just renovated and that makes a difference, but dont think I would be complaining anyway.The staff were great from start to finish, very polite and even though we were 4 hours early, they let us check in without batting an eyelid. The twin room was lovely. Fresh, clean, and quiet. We were at the front of the hotel and previous reviews had said it could be noisy, no offence, but we were not disturbed. We were on the 3rd floor. The bathroom was spotless and my favourite has to be the power shower. Wow, loads of hot water too. Our kettle did not want to boil, I phoned down and 10 mins later it was replaced.The beds were heaven. Clean and comfortable. There was air conditioning which was great as it was very warm that weekend.The hotel is set quietly at the back of Hyde park, but bus stops outside and 2 tube stations within 5 mins walk make getting anywhere so easy. The tour bus stops here too. How easy do you want it.Breakfast was great. There was a great variety of hot and cold food, cant really think of anything that was missing. The food was kept topped up regular. Breakfast on a sunday is up to 12 noon, which can be great for late night party people.!Would come back in a heartbeat, but book thru a website like holiday nights and get that deal.	
Jun 2 2007 	Must Stay at This Hotel !!!	If you want to stay in a nice hotel in London, then choose this one. Just stayed at this hotel with my boyfiend &amp; it was well nice. We stayed on 4th Floor, over looking Hyde park. Thought traffic noise was going be a problem, but you couldnt hear anything ! Room was very clean &amp; comfortable. Staff were friendly &amp; let us leave our bag there, until we came back towards the end of our stay to pick it up ! We had breakfast at the hotel &amp; that was very nice. A self service buffet style, but there was everything you could have wanted, cereal, cold meat - including ham &amp; cheese, toast, bread rolls &amp; anything you wanted from fully cooked breakfast, also included was juices, teas &amp; coffees. Breakfast should have been £15.50, but was included in our booking, well worth staying here. Just a 5mins walk from Notting Hill Gate tube station on Red - Central Line. If you fancy booking a bargain, then choose this hotel !!! Well worth it !!	
May 3 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my husband for our anniversary as we had a dinner reservation at Gordon Ramsay at Claridges. I was quite wary as I kept reading mixed reviews. When we arrived at the hotel check in was a bit slow but nothing major and the staff were pleasant. On arrival to our room I was pleasantly surprised as the room was a good size, clean and had everything it needed. The location was great with a tube station a 5 minute walk (if that), Hyde Park was just across the road and I would imagine there would be lovely views from the higher rooms but unfortunately we couldn’t see as we were in a room on the first floor. There is a stop for the Big Bus tours just outside the hotel which was very convenient as we wanted to do this to see all of the sites. The breakfast was very good both for full English and Continental although we felt the dining room was a bit on the small side as was the bar. The room rates displayed at reception are a bit extortionate but if you get a good deal (like we did) then we would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 18 2007	Fair Hotel For First European Vacation	My mother and I stayed at the Ramada Jarvis Hyde Park in early March 2007 and it was the first time either one of us had vacationed outside the United States. After reading some reviews online, I wasn't expecting much out of this hotel, but it was fantastic! The room was a decent size and very clean (the beds were so comfortable too.) The staff was so friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was unbelievable. There was so much to choose from (hot and cold menu items) each morning. We also loved the location of the hotel. We would definitely stay here again on our next vacation to London.	
Apr 9 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!!	THIS HOTEL IS AWFUL!Do not stay here - it is bearly a 2 *. The room we stayed in was not clean atall! The bed made my skin itch (found a foreign object in the bed -need I say more) dont even take a shower - the limescale around the bath and shower will give you a disease. Staff rude and glare at you. Do not order a taxi from conceiage - they will send a dodgy company that take you around the houses for twice the pice. I am not a tourist, just came to see a show and was taken the mick out off. Stay at the Thistle Kensignton Gardens or the Holborn, or the Hilton Hyde Oark - Trust me it is worth th extra £££.	
Mar 20 2007	Great location and marvellous breakfast	This hotel is ideally situated for tube travel around london. It is much quieter than a hotel in central london, but offers the same perks. Check-in was welcoming, if a little slow and the room service menu was limited. However the buffet breakfast surpassed all hotel breakfasts and offered a wide range of different food stuffs, including a wonderful full-english breakfast. The only problem with breakfast was that I did not receive my coffee when requested, but this was a minor problem.If you manage to book a room at this hotel through a discount website you will not regret it.	
Mar 12 2007 	Generally good but very stuffy staff.	Stayed for a week on business in one of their Sky Studios. I suspect this is just a posh name for the top floor rooms because their was nothing really special about them.The room itself is an acceptable size, a bit on the small side but not annoyingly so. The decent size wide screen TV is a nice touch as is the complimentary wine and chocolate. You also get the fluffy robeand slippers.Bathroom is a bit of a let down mainly because it has one of my pet peeves; a poor shower. This thing could barely muster a trickle at any time of day.Breakfast was good; everything tasted fresh and good quality. The location is also very good with plenty of shopping, restaurants and nightlife nearby. Tube station is a five minute walk away and there'sa pickup point for those open-top bus tours right out front.The staff here are very gloomy. I didn't see a single smile the wholetime I was there. I got the impression they weren't happy to be working there. Finally, beware the parking and congestion charges if you're bringing your car. The hotel charges £25 a day to park and it's in the congestion zone, so that'll be another £8. Cheaper to use taxis!	
Mar 11 2007	Fabulous view of Hyde Park	My Christmas present from my husband was a theatre trip and a night in the Ramada Hyde Park. Both were fantastic. Ok the show was better but we could hardly fault the hotel. I say hardly because I do prefer it when you can open windows, however, for security reasons we could only open the window about 3 inches and when we arrived in the afternoon it was stifling. From our 5th floor room though we had a magnificent view of Hyde Park. When we checked in the staff were very friendly and helpful when we asked for directions to the theatre which, it turned out to be, was very easy to find.Breakfast was vast! Hot or cold buffet (or both!!). Juices, more coffee than an army would need. WoW! When we checked out we figured the receptionist (not the same one as when we checked in) had obviously gotten out the wrong side of the bed as she was quite obviously put out when we asked to settle the bill. That done we thought we'd better walk off our huge breakfast and proceeded to walk through Hyde Park all the way to Waterloo Station. Probably not all that far but boy did it seem it.	
Feb 28 2007 	Comfortable 	We stayed in late October 2006 for 3 nights at the end of a 5 week European tour. After reading some extrodinary reviews (29 negatives in total) on our original hotel booked in London, we cancelled and decided to upgrade 4 star style. The hotel was remarkably clean. The service was complementary and our room was an oasis compared to a lot of the other places we had just experienced. The beds are a generous size and super comfy, the amenities were modern and inviting. I couldn't believe the space we had, having been to London on previous occasions...rooms were more or less shoe box size with not much space between the bed and the four walls! If you can read a map and a timetable...the hotel is located in a prime position. Opposite Kengsinton Gardens, it is perfect for morning or afternoon strolls. The tube is less than 5 mins walk down Bayswater Rd and if you're really keen, take a double decker into town, it stops right outside.Unfortunately I can't comment on the restaurant as we didnt have our evening meals in house although going by the breakfast buffet...I'm sure the menu would have satisfied.If in doubt, I highly recommend upgrading to a 4 Star hotel such as this, especially in London...it made our stay so much more enjoyable as It will yours.Eddie	
Feb 23 2007	Tatty: needs big make over	Considering the rooms are charged at such an extortionate rate I am amazed at such complimentary comments and people that this is the best in London, there are 100s of hotels with better prices and much more stylish than this. I stayed with my company who booked our rooms- so perhaps the rooms on the 5th floor where I was were reserved for companies paying at a discount- so avoid 5th floor. As soon as you get out of the lift you are greeted with peeling cheap blue wallpaper and ugly outdated blue stained carpet. My room was decent size- but it just feels outdated and totally in need of makeover. Bathroom is tiny and nothing really special- door is a cheap thin wooden door- with a large gap underneath so if you are sharing with someone else this could prove embarrassing! Again there were gaps in wallpaper and lots of wood chip showing. A hotels one of the most vital points to an enjoyable hotel stay and an easy thing to get right. With such a good location this hotel could be amazing but is in real need of a huge refurbishment to compete with far more stylish and contemporary hotels.My room stunk of smoke and did not even have a mini bar- though again this was probably because these are rooms reserved for companies paying. Lighting wise: annoyingly its one of those- have to slot card in by door to access lights- systems- so either you switched all lights off at night but still had a floor spotlight on which was quite annoying- or took card out, got your darkness but if woke in the middle of the night could not switch any light on at all. Why do hotels insist on doing this?! Also the lighting was all provided by bright ceiling spotlights- there was no bedside lamp with softer lighting so the room just felt harsh andnot very relaxing.The few bonuses: the bed was very comfortable, decent TV and I heard no outside noise despite busy road outside.I have no idea who- couples or business people would pay what is in lobby as advertised as over £220 for a room in this hotel. Its insane as for this price you can stay at an amazing 5star stylish luxury modern hotel with all the facilities. This hotel felt very outdated, lacking any style and tatty, I would not ever pay even near half this price to stay here. If you want to impress someone: do not take them here!I did not try food so can not comment on this.	
Jan 25 2007 	Better than most hotels in London....	I stayed here on the 23rd of January for 1 night on a Business trip paid for by my company.Whilst this hotel wasn't close to my london branch, i chose it because of it's location and that's why I have rated this Excellent. The hotel looks very modern and beautifully lit on the outside and everything you would expect out of a ramada jarvis hotel. I found the reception staff extremely helpful and polite. To me, customer service is a top priority for me when chosing a hotel (whether city break or a holiday abroad). Ok, the decor isn't 100% up-to-date by Colin &amp; Justin's standard, but i thought it was 10 times better than most of the hotels i have stayed in around london. I stayed in a double room on the 3rd floor overlooking the side street. Facilities were fine (tea, coffee, biscuits etc). Ironing board, iron, trouser press etc. The shower was nice and powerful and hot, and the bathroom was pleasantly modern. I couldnt see the numbers on the tv remote because they had worn out over constant use over the years, but it only takes a bit of common sense to figure out the layout. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of thick pillows and had a greta nights sleep. I did find that there was a 'slight' draft from the window (i dont think they are double glazed), and could hear the noise in the side street (not that it was a huge problem as it was minimal), so i just increased the room temperature and then it was fine.The breakfast was spot on, and again the service was wonderful. They show you to your table and ensure that everthing is ok with the service etc. The food was brilliant. Full english breakfast (eat as much as you want may i add!) Lovely fat sausages, fried and scrambled egg, tomatoes, bacon, beans, toast, mushrooms. They also had a lighter breakfast consisting of cereals (about 7 varieties), they also had fruits and yoghurt. So the breakfast was 10 out 10. The location was brilliant. 2 mins from Notting Hill Gate and High street (plenty of restaurants/pubs), and 2 mins from Bayswater, so it was an ideal place to stay if you are on business and want somewhere to socialise for the evening with your colleagues/friends/family. I was a female traveller on my own but at no point throughout my trip did i feel unsafe/vulnerable or bored on this trip. So if you are a female traveller on your own, dont worry!Checking in and out was fine - no queues atall and they were very friendly and apologetic (as the system was slow on the computer for all of 5 mins, but they still apologised twice!) - to me, the customer service was perfect and all the staff were polite and friendly saying hello etc.I would definately stay here again!	
Nov 15 2006 	Good well located hotel - just ignore the decor..yuk.	Stayed here for two nights in November 2006 on a business trip.Booked into a single room, which was well equipped but poky. Anyone wanting to indulge in some cat-swinging would have been sorely disappointed, but I'd left mine at home, so wasn't that bothered. This hotel looks as if it has been decorated by a blind person. The corridors have bright blue wallpaper and dark brown doors. Dark brown is their favourite colour as this is the predominate colour in the rooms too. In the bathroom there are tiles in dark brown/black shades which are truly awful. These dark colours don't help in a tiny room.Anyway that's enough criticism because this is actually quite a good hotel. Comfy bed, good powerful shower, iron, ironing board and trouser press present, everything worked.A good game to play is find the air-con controls. I eventually found them hidden behind a pillar on the second night, after listening to what sounded like a jet-engine roaring in my ear the previous night. But controls are there, and they do work.Noise from the traffic could also present a problem for a light sleeper - I was on the third floor overlooking the main road.Breakfast was a most pleasant experience. Shown to your table by a cheerful and friendly maitre'd, at the buffet there is a good range of cereals and fruits, cold meats, bread, and the fried food was warm, fresh and well cooked. The vegetable 'sausages' were quite delicious, as were the proper meat ones.A 150 yard walk takes you to Queensway Underground Station on the Central line, and from there you can explore the city easily.London is possibly the greatest city in the world this hotel is a fine place to stay if you're not to bothered by the decor.	
Oct 1 2006 	Loved the location	Booked through Globus. First time to London, so I have nothing to compare it to, but I loved it. Had a room on the 7th floor facing Baywater Street. It was noisy during the day, but we were always out sightseeing so the noise didn't impact us. It did get quiet at night, as it seems to be in more of a residential/embassy area than in the busy downtown area, so we always had a great sleep with no noise. Close the curtains to keep out the sun and the room stayed cool. The breakfast exceded my expectations (best eggs in Europe - not too runny) We had the breakfast included in our room. There were lots of options -both hot and cold choices. Exellent location for the tube and buses and walks. Our room had a view of Kensington Gardens and one morning there was fog over the park and it was gorgeous. Staff was very nice and accomodating. The bar was a little smokey and it did waft out to the lobby. Our room had an iron and mini bar and lots of extra room. The lift worked every time we pushed a button. The public areas seemed recently remodeled and fresh. I have no complaints about this hotel and would love to stay again if I ever had the chance to be honest with you. I loved the hotel and the location.	
Sep 26 2006 	Great location ok for one night	My husband and I stayed at this hotel over the weekend for one night, as we were going to an event in Notting Hill.Booked online with ebookers - as it was the best price and included continental breakfast.On arrival, we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a superior room for an extra £25 - for the room not each. The difference covered bathrobes and slippers in the room, two small bottles of wine, bottles of water and chocolates. We also received our choice of Sunday paper.Our room was on the 7th floor and at the back of the hotel.The bathroom was much more impressive than the room itself - sseemed as though the bathroom had been recently been refurbished.Room was a little small and the satellite picture was poor but there was little noise from other rooms and the bed was comfortable.Selection for the continental breakfast was excellent - could have everything available except the cooked breakfast - cereal, dried fruit and nuts, selection of yoghurts, wide choice of fresh fruit, pastries, croissants and rolls, cheese, cold meat and fruit juices. To be honest I don't think anyone would have noticed if we had eaten the hot food too.The breakfast was £15.95 each if you didn't have it included in your room rate, but we could have had changed to full english for £5 extra.Hotel is in a great location. Bus and tube stops close by, short distance from Marble Arch / Oxford Street, directly opposite Hyde Park, short walk from Portabello Market and fab restaurants in Notting Hill - great food and excellent value.	
Sep 21 2006 	Pretty good	When you book a hotel in London, you should never expext very much. London hotels (and Englisch hotels) usually have not the same standards as in other countries (especially not compared to the US). London hotel rooms are often in old buildings, small and in pretty bad shape. Having stayed in London now for a dozen times, I managed to find some hotels, which are okay. This time I needed a hotel for just one night with my family (two adults, one baby). Via needahotel I found the Ramada Hyde Park for 106 pounds including breakfast. This is the good price for a better hotel in London. The Tripadvisor-reviews were pretty good, so I booked it. In an email I asked the hotel for a quiet room and a baby cot, which was confirmed.At arriving of course no one knew of that email. I got a room to the front side, which was very loud (main road just 5 yards in front of the building and english windows never shut tight) and no baby cot. I asked for a change and then got a room to the back. This was much better, especially not so loud, as the back side goes to a pretty quiet court. A baby cot was brought and okay (also no linens for it - we took a towel).All in all the hotel room was quite new and nice. Of course with the baby cot it was full, but London hotel rooms are never big. We slept very well.Breakfast was okay. Because of a very large tour group at the time of our breakfast it was quite full and the service had some problems to get away the dirty dishes etc. All in all: Not perfect, but for a London hotel quite good. The location at the Kensington Gardens Park is very nice, if you want to jog in the morning or just take a walk. The next subway is around the corner. But make sure to get a room to the back!	
Aug 19 2006	fabulous hotel	just got back from three nights at the hyde park ramada. booked through superbreak but found their brochure reviews and trip advisor reviews never matched up on nearly every hotel. the public reviews were always worse. the reveiw for the ramada was very good so i booked it. it was excellent,. room exactly as requested. across the road from hyde park and in a great area. the staff were all unbelievably pleasant. the bar was great. the reception friendly and helpful. the breakfast was faultless. would give it 10 out of 10. book with confidence.	
Aug 18 2006	Totally disliked this hotel and would never tell people to stay there!	We too were on one of the Globus Tours and arrived a day early as PLANNED. We had the vouchers but the hotel was not expecting us, even though they took the voucher. We were led to an elevator that didn't have room enough for the 3 of us and our bags. We aren't large people and one of us a child.The room, as well as the lobby and hallway was overpowered by smoke. We had of course requested non-smoking room but given this room because it was called a &quot;triple&quot;. A cot was brought in for my daughter. It almost fit in the room. The bags (3 total) had to be placed on top of each other because the room was so small. Housekeeping.....I can't really say there was any. Beds and cot simply had the sheet pulled up and pillows placed. Towels were hung up and still damp from morning shower. Half used bottle of water was left right were it was with the cap next to it and replacement bottles simply weren't!The bathroom was dirty from arrival time until we left 3 days later. Very outdated and rust was even on the tub drain as well as the shower head. I am not even sure the toilets were ever cleaned.I saw no pants press, nor was there any space to put one.The charge for this filthy place was $347.00 USD. The food was simply the same over and over. Not a real creative chef in this place.	
Jul 5 2006	Good Location Great Staff Decent place to stay	We recently visited london again and we were not able to book a room at the Winston Churchill (Was Intercontinental..now Hyatt). We let our travel agent book us at Ramada Jarvis with some trepidation. The pictures listed were not that wonderful and to be honest compared to the Churchill it wouldn't hold up...but wait....We were very pleasantly surprised by this hotel. It is directly across the street from an entrance into Hyde Park near Kensinton Palace. Very easy to get to and the park is always a great place to run, walk, play with your children. Very wonderful place to visit.The staff at the hotel were gracious, funny and very responsive to our needs. We had our children with us and they very kindly adhered to our requests to put us next to, adjoining or across from one another. They upgraded our rooms and quite frankly that in itself was enough to make us want to be return customers.The only bad thing, if I had to mention, is that with your accomodation...you get a continental breakfast....sort of. It was quite confusing. It's not at all separated in the dining area, so we had to make sure to caution the children to only take the cold foods or we would have been charged 25 pounds for breakfast. I think they should take a look at how to better that service, and look at the cost. The rooms were decent sized. The rooms with two twin beds were actually larger than the room with the queen bed. The one thing that I did not care for is that the loo is right in view of the bed, so if you had to get up in the middle of the night...you had to have the light on right in front of your husband/wife and that is just not a good layout. The bathrooms were good size, the water pressure was great. Overall a good room situation.The staff are the Ramada Jewels! Anthony was one of our favorites and from the bartenders to the front desk staff, we just couldn't have asked for a nicer group of people to deal with.We would definitely visit this hotel again!	
Jun 13 2006	Great Hotel near Kensington Palace	We stayed here as part of a tour group for 3 days. The location is walking distance from Kensington Palace and located between the Underground Queens Gate and Notting Ham terminals. The entrance to the hotel is on the side street, not the main street as we had expected. The main London attractions are a distance away, but reachable by bus or the Underground.Our room had 2 twin beds that were firm, and that slid together adequately. The nicest feature for my tall husband, was the extra long bathtub in the bathroom!Staff was very courteous and friendly. Our room was cleaned daily, and stocked with fresh towels and complimentary soaps. Each time we entered the hotel from our excursioins, we were greeted with a friendly, warm smile and hello.Although we liked our stay very much, we would probably choose a hotel closer to the main attractions on our next stay.	
May 1 2006	very impressed	I stayed with a friend for 1 night at this hotel on a B&amp;B basis. Our twin room was spacious and extremely clean. At time of booking I requested a &quot;quiet room&quot; - I'm pleased to say this was what I got. The staff on reception were very courteous, helpful and polite as were the breakfast staff. The breakfast buffet was excellent - everything you could want - and when items ran out the staff replenished them very quickly. This was my second stay at a Ramada hotel and again I was not disappointed and I will definitely be staying with them again.	
Apr 11 2006	Good Location - Ok Hotel	We stayed here on our second stop on a world trip and the best thing going for it is the location,very close to tubes, main bus routes &amp; of course Hyde Park &amp; Kensington Gardens.The Room was quite good and nice size with ok furniture - no mini bar/fridge - bathrrom were ok and clean. Also liked that you could open windows for fresh air.We did not feel that the staff were that friendly at all (polite yes) and were very disappointed with this.The breakfast was plentyful but just your average hot &amp; cold nothing spectacular - and as usual very bad coffee.I would not thing that for the price we would stay here again we were a bit disappointed.	
Apr 10 2006 	OK Location OK Hotel	Stayed 3 nights on supposedly special deal in a double in a Sky Studio room (7th and top floor) for Pounds 80 per night including full breakfast. Room clean, modernish and OK size, as was bathroom. Few things didn't work (hair dryer and a bathroom light, which were never fixed on reporting) but didn't detract too much. Concierge was truly helpful and directed us to a good but modestly priced Italian restaurant (simple short menu but well and freshly cooked) in same street (St Petersburgh St,towards Westbourne Grove end) in the trendy area of Notting Hill and Queensway. Handy for bus routes and tube along Bayswater Road, whether into West End or back to Airport. Queensway tube is said to reopen in April but could use Notting Hill an easy few minutes walk. Breakfast was adequate but the usual British breakfast of rather stewed bacon, overdone eggs and everything pre packaged etc. Weekdays seemed to have a better selection than weekends when ham, cheese and a few other things disappeared although would be produced if asked. Functional and adequate with overall pleasant ambiance. Would stay again as long as price remained competitive.	
Apr 10 2006	Great Location Value for Money!	My sister and I stayed at the Ramada Hyde Park for 4 nights at the end of February 2006. This was probably the hotel with the best value for money that we stayed in during our whole 4 week trip of the UK/Paris. We had a twin room which was pleanty big enough for the two of us and our bags, with an entry foyer with fridge, kettle, coat rack, iron etc and then the rest of the room with two single beds. The bathroom was a little small but definatley no complaints- the water was hot and the shower worked fine. Oh and for the ladies there are mirrors everywhere! Our room ended up facing the side street so we had no complaints about noise at all and the lifts were working everyday of our stay! The room was clean and had a homely feel to it. The breakfast was fantastic- also probably the best of our four week trip with hot and cold meals, cereal, toast, juice, tea, coffee etc. The hotel is about a 20min walk from Oxford Circus/ Central London and we used Notting Hill Gate tube which is only 5mins walk as Bayswater was still closed. Also a few tube lines run through that station. We ended up with a &quot;free night&quot; deal and so the price we paid for this hotel was unbelievealy cheap considering the location and quality. Could not pick a fault with the place for the price- it surpassed our expectations. We would definatley stay there again and have already reccomeded it to our family and friends.	
Mar 18 2006	Good choice and location	We read previously posted reviews to know what to expect, so requested room that did not face Bayswater Road. Room was more than adequate, very clean. Our plan provided free breakfast, which was excellent. The location was ideal - busses stop steps from the entrance and there is a wide variety of restaurants nearby. Best of all - the elevators were working perfectly (although I'd like to eliminate the male voice advising you that &quot;door is closing&quot; which got really annoying). Staff was very pleasant and accommodating.	
Mar 2 2006	very good and very bad	Great location and not noisy if you are on the sidestreet. Hotel staff very helpful and friendly. Good breakfast and oodles of good restaurants of every type within walking distance. Great place to start your city walks from. Bathroom immaculate. Room clean and functional. BUT....The elevators simply refused to work most of the time, although we got lucky and luggaged in and out on them. The bar is adjacent to the lobby and you must go through it to get to the restaurant. The smoke was so overwhelming you won't stay in the lobby for long and the bar is deadly. When you go for breakfast, don't sit at the end near the bar or the morning addicts will take your air over. Overall we would go back	
Jan 23 2006	Adequate for a single traveller	Stayed in the Ramada Hyde Park for 2 nights in December. The location was pretty good, plenty of bus routes right outside and quite near three tube stations (although Queensway is currently closed). I walked from Paddington Station, which took about 25 mins, not too bad really.I had a single room, which I found quite small. This doesn't really bother me, except the use of the space was not terrific - there was a bit of 'dead' space which made the room feel a tad claustrophobic.The bathroom was adequate, but the shower was pretty bad. I had to let it run for about 5 mins to get any warmth in the water, and then it was only about lukewarm. Not a great welcome to the London Winter!Breakfast was quite good, with plenty of choice of both cold and hot foods. Try and get there earlier though, as I had to wait in a line for a table on both mornings.	
Jan 15 2006	excellent location	The name is confusing. It is not on Hyde Park but rather across the street (Bayswater) from Kensington Gardens. My husband and I went with a one week Monograms Globus tour, which is a air-hotel-breakfast package with a half-day tour of the city included, and some discount coupons for the attractions. Also included is a courtesy bus to and from the hotel. The Globus desk in the lobby was a great source of information and help, and we had no trouble getting to see the things we wanted to.It is in a rather tony neighbourhood which was quite nice. Notting Hill Gate was the tube station we used. There is a tube station, Queensway, closer to the hotel but it is closed for renovations. One lady arrived very irate because she didn't know to get off at Notting Hill Gate and had to drag her luggage for blocks. So don't make that mistake. The guests seemed to be made up half with tour groups and half private individuals.We stayed here for 6 nights over New Years and found our room was satisfactory. The beds were fine, the room was a bit dated but O.K. The hot and cold breakfast was fine, although always the same. Our room was quiet because we had requested a room on the side street after reading advice from other tripadvisors, and we had a good sleep. We had two complaints. One was that since we were staying several days the cleaning staff didn't seem to think it necessary to mop our bathroom floor, or vacuum. The other was the elevators. When we arrived one was out of service being replaced. After the second day, the other elevator broke down. I think the staff should have been willing to let guests use the service elevator in the back. There was much complaining by the guests about having to climb all the stairs. Some people had to go to the 7th floor!	
Jan 2 2006	If it weren't for the noise............	The hotel rooms are the roomiest I've stayed at in London. Plenty of space to move around and store my two suitcases. Beds were fairly comfortable and I had pleny of pillows. The bathroom was also roomy and I loved the water pressure in the shower. The hair dryers are also some of the best I've seen in hotel rooms.The breakfast is quite tasty--the eggs are cooked without too much grease. They also have a variety of options hot and cold. The staff is courteous and friendly--but the car company they booked to take me to the airport wanted more money than they told the hotel they would charge me, and of course they don't tell me this until I'm at the airport. I feel as though it was a case of highway robbery--although I'm not sure who was doing the robbing. Next time I'll just arrange my own transportation. Now for the noise. Room 319--which is not directly facing Bayswater Road lets in a lot of traffic noise. In fact that room was never quiet. I didn't ask to change rooms because they were also working on one of the lifts, which was in another part of the hotel, so if I'd moved I would have heard that noise. I just bought ear plugs. I'd stay at this hotel again only if I got a great deal because I like to try and stay in different areas of London when I go. This is more than a decent hotel if you get a good deal. And I imagine as soon as they are done with the lift repairs there will be a lot less noise.	
Oct 9 2005	Good location clean 	I stayed at this hotel during a weekend break in London for my Fiance's birthday. The location was great, it's easy to reach all the major tourist attractions &amp; Queensway tube station is literally two minutes away. Staff were courtious. Although the public areas needed a little renovation the room was a nice size, tastefully &amp; comfortably furnished &amp; very clean. We got breakfast as part of our package (this was lucky because it costs around £12 extra if you have a room only rate) and it was the best buffet breakfast I have ever had. Everything you could want, hot &amp; cold &amp; extremely tasty - filled me up for the rest of the morning &amp; after lunch. I wouldn't hesitate to go back as I can't say a bad thing about this place.	
Oct 8 2005	Average	We stayed at the Ramada Hyde Park two weeks ago. The elevator is very slow (stairs are much quicker), and the rooms are only average, but clean. Nice bar and restaurant downstairs, and hotel is very close to Portabello Market, the tube, and of course, Hyde Park. Depending on the price, this might be an OK place to stay if you aren't accustomed to the Ritz.	
Sep 6 2005	Bank Holiday Banging	We stayed at The Ramada on the Sunday night of Notting Hill Carnival because we wanted a base near to all the action and somewhere to rest our heads after a day of walking and dancing. Rest being the word that we never experienced.Unfortunately the Management had decided that the morning of the Bank Holiday Monday would be a great time to rip up and relay the carpet on our floor. BANG BANG BANG for more than 3 hours. We had already scheduled a late checkout so were quite unimpressed that they had given us this floor to sleep on.We also found the staff to be particularly rude when we complained.On the other hand the hotel was clean and the rooms quite comfortable (although out window had been smashed).Overall it was cheap and cheerful but due to an oversight by the management was a complete disaster. My first and last stay in a Ramada Jarvis I'm afraid.	
Aug 13 2005	Good Value	A pleasant surprise. I have stayed in London many times, and find that accommodation can be a bit hit or miss. Considering what I paid for my room here, I was really surprised to find a hotel: - in an excellent location just opposite Kensington Gardens  - with exemplary staff who were professional polite and kindness itself - a good sized room with a very comfortable bed - a modern and clean bathroomI would recommend this hotel because it is great value for money. I will be staying there again next time I'm in town.	
Aug 8 2005	heat wave in our room	the pros were the staff were fine within its limitations.i had read about the staff and was prepared, but i found them to be helpful and friendly, except with the air condition problem. they were not prepare and and management left the desk staff to take the heat sort of speak. we were one of the lucky ones, our windows opened and a fan was provided after my assertive friend asked for one. we should not of had to ask nor should one of the rooms not have one. some guests had no fan and no open window. Shame on the RAMADA Management who knows better. I would not seek aout a RAMADA again, i don't have too.and yes if the AC is not an issue as it is the fall. then the location is great, close to bus, tube and shopping.on another note, this hotel was picked by GLOBUS, they also should of taken an active part in this problem, it colored our trip till we got to the crown plaza in amsterdam, which of course was excellent	
Jul 18 2005	Not the best Ramada Inn	We stayed here for our anniversary and the best thing going for it is the location,very close to tubes, main bus routes &amp; of course Hyde Park.We were on the 7th floor Sky Studios so expected a little more from the room, it was quite small with no mini bar/fridge and the air conditioniong for this time of year was useless &amp; very noisy situated under the window. we had to leave our curtains shut all the time &amp; it was still only just bearable.The lobby was the coolest place to be.Our sink had a large crack in it &amp; the floor tiles in the bathroom had grout coming out of them.We did not feel that the staff were that friendly although they were polite.The lift seemed to go where it wanted on occassion but at least it was working. Breakfast on a Saturday was a nightmare it was so busy we skipped &amp; went to a local restaurant, then opted for Breakfast in the room on Sunday- which was actually better than expected with yogurt &amp; fruit.I dont think we will stay here again as there are a lot better places in London for your money.	
Jul 17 2005	hot hot hot	we stayed for 2 nights during one of our rare heat waves and this hotel is not equiped for this. we were one of the lucky guests staying in upgraded room with portable electric fan provided. rooms are small but adequate. dining room is not cleaned {last nights crumbs on floor at breakfast) location is great. tube station and bus stop nearby. would only stay here again if rate was excelent. certainly not worth even half of the advertised rate in hotel. also let down by very unfriendly staff.	
May 29 2005 	Dreadful restaurant	The room was OK - small but normal for London. The restaurant was dreadful. Bought-in fish pie with frozen mixed veg and boiled potatoes for 15 pounds. That isn't good enough - it's an insult. Next day a beef stew which was gristly, chewy and uneatable. It can't be that hard to find a chef who can select decent ingredients and prepare them in a palatable way. Over £3 for beer in the bar? No, this isn't worth the money. They just don't try.	
Apr 19 2005	Great Location	My brother and I stayed a week at the Ramada Hyde Park March 13th-19th 2005. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet offered a great selection of food and it was quite tasty.The room was a nice size &amp; the bathroom had a nice long bath tub. However, all the bathrooms don't have bathtubs so if you want one, you need to request it. The location is the best part about this hotel. It's close to and between Queensway &amp; Notting Hill Gate train stations. We were able to take the train from the airport very close to the hotel which was very inexpensive. Hyde Park is right across from the hotel and Kensington Palace is within walking distance. Many buses stop in front of or very near the hotel. There are 2 lovely churches on the side street of the hotel. It's within walking distance to many stores, restaurants, thrift shops, Portabello Market, etc. Overall, the hotel could use remodeling, but the location and other amenities make up for the shortcomings of the hotel. Also, the hotel is in a very lovely neighborhood. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2005	Good experience except for the elevator	I'll agree with several comments posted earlier. We were in what appeared to be a recently renovated room on the 6th floor in the back of the hotel. Small by american standards, but better than many places I've stayed in London. The only negatives were the elevators (which were completely out one day and we could never call to the 6th floor...ever...we would have to go down one floor to call the elevator....we figured this out after a couple days of walking down six flights whenever we left the room). And one morning the wait for breakfast was excessively long (20 minutes to get seated). Checkin was a breeze, but the dining room was pretty unorganized.The location is great, but one word of warning if you're staying there over the next few months. Central Line tube trains are not running on the weekends from Acton Town (I think) to Oxford Circus. Thus the buses running along Regent/Oxford/Kensington were PACKED! If you're thinking of staying here on a weekend and relying on the tube, you might check the London Transport website to see if the weekend closures are still in effect.	
Mar 22 2005	Good Hotel in a good position	Good staying in London in the first week of January. The hotel is close to HydePark, very near to 3 Underground Stations and ten minutes far from Portobello road.The room was confortable but I didn't find an acceptable breakfast.Though the fare I get it, it's a good stay.	
Feb 15 2005	Average hotel in v. good location		
Nov 10 2004	Shabby		
Nov 3 2004	Fine if you get a good rate. No internet.		
Oct 10 2004	They Try Hard		
Apr 7 2004	A great weekend getaway!		
Mar 17 2004	Fantastic Stay		
Feb 21 2004	OK but nothing to write home about		
Feb 9 2004	Okay but VERY noisy!		
Oct 19 2003	overrated		
Sep 13 2003	A nice surprise		
Nov 16 2009 	hôtel très agréable		
Nov 13 2009 	passendes Hotel für einen Kurztrip		
Sep 29 2009 	Un souvenir épouvantable !		
Sep 17 2009 	Lo recomiendo excelente ubicación buen trato buen desayuno...		
Aug 23 2009 	bien pour Londres		
Aug 19 2009 	trato pésimo		
Jun 29 2009 	Très Bon Hotel		
Jun 16 2009 	Schönes Hotel am Hyde Park nahe Notting Hill		
Jun 14 2009 	ottima scelta		
May 4 2009 	excellent		
Apr 29 2009 	Preis -Leistung unschlagbar		
Jan 25 2009 	pas mal !		
Oct 20 2006 	regular		
