Nov 13 2009 	Bed bugs	On arrival we thought it looked slightly worn, but clean and the banisters were newly painted, so refurbishment was obvioulsy in progress. However, in the first five minutes we discovered one bedbug crawling around the shower, and empty molts on the pillows. We left precisely one minute later.	
Nov 6 2009 	I was very happy with my stay.	I stayed at the Airways from Oct 8th to Oct 17th 2009 and was very happy with what I found. I had requested at twin bed and was given a double bed. The first night I had problems with the shower joint and after talking with the someone within 30 minutes somebody was down fixing the leaking. The room was cleaned every day and the staff made sure everything was ok. They even did my laundry for a small fee and paid for the postage on my postcard.	
Oct 15 2009 	bed bugs confirmed -- wish i had visited this site	never written a review for this site before but felt obligated after my experience. at the last minute my prior accomodations fell thru and found a single room that didnt have a toilet only bed and shower that didnt look to work. this was okay for me as i was showing up after midnight and leaving in the morning to visit a friends place. however, i woke up with a few bites. having dealt with bed bugs in my past, i realized how serious this situation can be. people should beware, you do NOT want to bring those back to your home. very cheap room but not worth the risk...	
Oct 10 2009 	Terrible	Dirty.Not FriendlyTerrible breakfastBed is BAD!!!Shower was brokenStaf did not speak English.Bedbugs.Half eaten piece of cake was under the bed.NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!	
Sep 25 2009 	I wish I read these reviews first!!!	My partner and I were also attacked by bed bugs however did not realise this until we returned home from our trip! We have been worried for the last 2 weeks that we may have brought them home with us! Would definately pay the extra money to stay somewhere much nicer next time. The only good thing about this hotel was that they let us store our bags in the hall (although not very safe) whilst we waited for our afternoon train. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 2 2009 	BaD AS EXPECTED	room was not to bad but not clean breakfast was a joke one piece of toast if you lucky had to ask for cups plates knifes toast the tables were plastic and the chairs and the glasses what are we babies no room to move or get near to get your cereal or coffee the hotel ran by asians the lady doin breakfast also did the claening whilst the men did reception	
Aug 31 2009 	I really don't get what people expect in London for this money	With the exception of the poor guy with the bed bugs (ouch!), I really don't get what most of the reviewers on this site expect for £45 in central London. For that price I had a quiet room with en suite (great shower and decent toiletries) and breakfast. My wife and I had a great night out in Pimlico followed by a really good nights sleep, what more could I ask for. Everything worked well including the flat screen telly and the tea and coffee making facilities. Of course it's a budget hotel but Travelodges cost twice as much unless you book them months in advance and I booked for £45 on the day. So all I can say to the rest of you is put things in perspective and if you want a top notch hotel in London pay 10 times as much and then you are free to moan as much as you want.	
Aug 30 2009 	BED BUGS - need I say more	Dingy, small lower ground room but it 'looked' clean so I was OK. Until the night. Approximately 1 hour into my sleep I was woken by having to scratch the many bed bug bites on my body. I can confirm they are bed bugs as I managed to kill a few that scurried across the sheets.I do not recommend anyone to stay there.	
Aug 4 2009 	Never stay here again!!!!	Airways Hotel has bed bugs! Got bitten all over...yuk! They wouldn't refund our nights' stay, but did refund the additional nights we did not stay.	
Jun 10 2009	would stay again	Booked flights+hotel from ebookers. The price for two adults was ridicilously low so I didn't expect much from the &quot;hotel&quot;. I checked the scary reviews here and had second thoughts about the whole trip. I prepared to change to another hotel if the Airways hotel was to be like described here but I decided to check out the place before doing that.So, we (me and my sister) got to London and we took a tube to Victoria Station. The hotel was quite difficult to find at first, because the street (St. George's Drive) was kind of devided in two parts (the name of the street changed into some other name in the middle of the street and then back to St. George's Drive) but after we found the place it was easy to walk from the hotel to the station and back and it didn't take more than a few minutes. So the location was good.Our room was in the basement. Although it was just below the ground floor it was rather difficult to find it. After finding the room we had difficulties with the key card but after some brain work we got into our room. It was a tidy, small room with a bed for two. We had a bathroom with a shower. We took showers daily and the water was hot each time. We stayed 5 days and our sheets were changed while we were gone almost each day. They also took the rubbish out and changed the towels. We tried the breakfast at the first morning of our stay. After that we bought the breakfast outside. The breakfast was basically just cereals and toast. We couldn't finish our coffees. The service was quite good though noone really seeked to help us with bags for example. There was an internet access in the reception for the charge of 1£/½ hour. I don't have any bigger complainments about the hotel. I'd definitely stay there again if I got the hotel for the same price as this time. Even my teenaged sister said she would stay again - that says quite much.	
May 21 2009 	Grotesque.Repulsive.Laughable.Run Away! RUN!	I'm 42 and I have travelled all over the world for business and leisure, including third world countries. I got in late from the Victoria station and had called ahead of time to book a room. The hotel desk man said I had two choices: a room with toilet or one without. I booked a room with shower. The room was not a room. The desk clerk walked me up to a half-level in the staircase and opened a small closet door. Inside this closet, they had shoved a bed. It was so small you could not walk around the one person bed. The bed sheets had not been changed. A small sink was hanging on the side, over the bed! At the end of the bed was a plastic shower stall. There was no water running. This was the most grotesque I have yet seen anywhere on earth. London hotels are infamous for screwing visitors, but these people are world champions in their crooked ways. I came back to the front desk to ask for another room, he now said that there was no other room when minutes earlier he had said there were several. What was now clear was that he was hoping for me to pay him extra cash and so he could magically find something else with an actual working shower. It was too late in the night to find another hotel so I paid the racketeer at the front desk. He found me a large bedroom with three beds. All three had dirty bedsheets. The stench was amazing. Overall this place is a disaster. When you walk in, there is a pungent stench of chemicals, rot and dirt. This was simply unbelievable and not only shows that some folks are willing to screw others, but also that British authorities are either incompetent or paid off to not regulate hotel bullies in their own school yard. Stay the heck away and save yourself from this hole.	
May 20 2009 	Good location and a place to crush-but this is about all...	The hotel is located very near Victoria station. from here you can walk in 10mins to Buckingham Palace or take the tube to any other location.Besides the good location the hotel was very poor.The rooms were very small, the hotel was renovating and didn't quite finish. The door to the garden could not be closed, tha carpet was not yet put on the corridor. Besides, the heating and hot water was off until 6 pm. We asked the reception guy to turn on the heat, as it was freezing in the room. BUT no luck. Breakfeast is very poor. Coffe, tee, one slice of bread and cereals. You need to explicitly ask if you want more toast.All in all, I wouldn't recommend it	
Apr 25 2009 	Good for a low budget holiday with friends	Service was always really good, the employees answered all of our questions and were really helpful. The hallways were quite clean for they had just been painted and they were doing other renovations too. Our room was a bit small, but manageable. It was really tidy, and the bathroom was nice although hot water wasn't always available in the shower, but it didn't bother us too much. The stairs in the hotel were very steep, so I wouldn't recommend this hotel to those who have difficulties in moving or to older people, the stairs might be hard to manage.The breakfast wasn't very rich, only different kinds of cornflakes and toast and tea and coffee and such, some fruit would have been nice, but we never expected much of the breakfast, so we weren't greatly disappointed. The location of the hotel is great, it's relatively easy to walk to Victoria Station and to many of the sightseeings, such as Big Ben and The London Eye. All in all, this hotel suited well for me and my friends' shopping and sightseeing low-budget holiday in London.	
Feb 28 2009 	not THAT bad	We just came back from London. Stayed four nights in Airways hotel. We didn't expect much because of the reviews we had red from here. Perhaps reading all these bad reviews was why we were positively surprised. Hotel wasn't anything spectacular, but it was ok and with this price, we didn't expect it to be anything fancy. We got room from the fourth floor, an attic room, which was quite small, but nice. We were traveling light, only with one backpack, so we had no problems to get our things to fourth floor. There was no elevator though, so with big suitcases this would have been difficult. Bathroom was small, but there was always hot water. Only thing that was kind of annoying was very small breakfast room, which got really crowded sometimes.The location was great, near the Victoria station. Also there were lots of pubs and restaurants in the near area.	
Feb 26 2009 	hell is probally better	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!2bedroom so small could not have a suitcase open and have two people in room bed was broken in half so worn out worst sleep ive had in years no heat no hot water the bathroom so small ive been in bigger portapotty room was not cleaned the days we stayed there nice to have coffee /tea in room but no cups how drink use your hands toilet button was missing had to stick finger in the hole and push the inner working to flush toilet the other room we had shower did not work not clean no hot water no heat. i could talk bout this for hours what a wast of timewe booked two rooms for 6 days walked out on the third day no way in hell were they going to refund us money but we left any way went up the street to a chain hotel paid 20 pound more a night but wow what a differnce breakfast at airways was awful never made it in the room if you are not the first ten people in you wont get anything or a seat if you wait it is over before you can get a seat stairs are insane and not easy to carry lugae up mom fell thru a hole in the floor but they did not care and told us to watch were we walk is that not retarded looks good outside but looks are deciving ive staid in better hostels than this place i was worried that i was going to leave this hotle with a sickness bed bugs or some thing . run run away fast up the road there is a comfort in a bit more but you get what you pay for at this hotel i felt like a king here not a peashent at the airways hotel.DONT STAY HERE!!!!!!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Value for money and helpfull staff	Me and my husband stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and it was good value for money. We had a nice room in the basement, newly refurbished and it had all the convieniences promised such as flatscreen TV, hairdryer and wireless LAN. The room was very clean when we arrived and it was cleaned on a daily basis. We chose this hotel because of its location, and we were not dissappointed, as it was located at short walk from Victoria station. When we checked out, we unfortunately forgot some of our things, but the hotel send it to us free of charge...What a service!! I would highy recommend this hotel to others who are looking for cheap accomodation in central London.Trine Steger, Denmark	
Feb 16 2009 	avoid	Avoid at all cost. Dirty, smelly, disgusting bed. Never again	
Feb 10 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in (even worse than Ethiopian Hotels)	The hall, the stairs, the rooms are very very dirty. They gave us a double room in the higher floor, it was an attic room !! I can't stand straight without hitting my head with de cellar. It was creepy and it not was cheap, near 60Euros each night !!It's about 10 minutes walking from Victoria Station. It is creepy !!! The room was 3x3 meters, the stair to get there was narrow.	
Dec 8 2008 	Avoid at all costs	avoid this hotel at all costs I styed 6-12-08 for one night and that was enough Dirty no english breakfast only cornflakes and stale toast roon smelt coat got covered in powder off walls worst hotel i have ever stayed in AVOID AT ALL COSTS	
Sep 19 2008 	Disabled - A bad leg	We booked into this hotel for 2 nights, it was cheap and in a good locaition for sightseeing.We got there an hour early and was asked to leave our bags in our room and leave the hotel in order for them to clean the room.I am visually impaired and have myalgic encephalopathy (ME).After puting our bags in our room we counted the stairs back to the reception, there were 60 steps and i knew i couldn't manage them for 3 days.We asked at reception if there was a lower room and thankfully he gave us one on the ground floor.Before we entered our toom we were disgusted to see that the hallway including the enterence to our room and a fire exit were almost sompletely blooked with luggage, we had to climb over the luggage to get into our room!Once we were in our room we noticed that the bin was full and ther was a half eaten kfc left on the table along with dirty mugs. On the bed there were dirty towels folded up for us to use.We went to reception to ask if someone could come and change the bin but we were told to gather all the rubbish up ourselves and to put it outside of our door.While we were getting ready to go out that evening on two different times a member of staff used a key to let themselves into our room without knocking.My boyfriend was in the shower at the time and the bathroom door didn't shut fully, so they may have got more than they bargined for!!!That evening we went to reception to leave our key as we were requested everytime before leaving the hotel. we had a show to go to and was going to quickly mention the problems we had had so far. We waited there for about 10 minutes before deciding to go with the key in toe.The next day we went for breakfast and was horrified at the breakfast room.It was dirty and too small for the amount of people it was set out for. If there had been an emergency everyone would have been trampled on in a rush to get out.We then decided that enough was enough and went to see the manager. We pointed out all the issues and he said that he had done us a favour by changing our room as i had a bad leg.I quickly pointed out to him that in fact i didn't have a bad leg i had a medical condition called ME and i was also partially sighted, which should have been obvious as i was holding my cane.I was shooked when the manager of this hotel replied 'it's not my problem'.If you are going away to relax and have a nice time, i suggest you don't go here as it will just cause stress and anger.For what it is it is too pricey, the maxium i'd pay a night would be £30 no more!	
Sep 5 2008 	There are better hotels than this	We stayed at this hotel for two separate one night stays in August 2008. We were booked into the Hanover Hotel, but this hotel seems to act as an overflow for the Hanover, so this is where we ended up.The rooms have recently been renovated with good quality fittings, but the work seems to have been done by amateurs, and the finish is not good. The beds are comfortable, and everything works. The foyer and corridors have a run down appearance, and movement between floors is via narrow staircases.For our first stay, we were allocated a room on the first floor, and this was of acceptable standard. For the second stay we had a room on the lower ground floor (below street level) next to the breakfast room. This room did not seem to have been properly cleaned – there was a dirty towel on the bathroom floor, and the shower screen was dirty. Being next to the breakfast room, sleep was not possible once breakfast preparation and service started.For breakfast you serve yourself to generic cereals, some unlabelled and not easily identifiable juices, and tea or coffee from vacuum flasks. A silent unsmiling waitress will dump a plate of toast on your table. Butter and jams in sachets are available.Check out is 10:30 am and we chose to go for a walk before checking out. We returned to our room to find it being prepared for the next guests. We expressed disapproval, but this did not stop the staff from finishing up their work, while we stood around the room waiting for them to leave. We’re not sure if the room was redone after we checked out, but we’d suspect not.In summary, you can have an acceptable stay here if you get a clean refurbished room not in the basement. And the location is good if you are using Victoria train or bus stations. But for the money that you pay to stay here, you can get much better elsewhere in London.	
Sep 3 2008 	Served its pupose	The Hotel is in a relatively nice part of Wesminster, a short walk from Victoria coach station. When we arrived we were greeted quite politely and given our key along with directions to our room ( we weren't shown to our room) which was up two quite steep flights of stairs which were in the middle of recarpeting...just before we reached the top i tripped on a piece of old carpet and fell heavily..i wasn't injured but it certainly hurt, when we reported this i received no apology and the loose bit of carpet was not removed during our stay. The room was basic but clean and we were glad of it after walking for 9 hours along the south bank! However, when we got back desperate for a shower and some sleep, there was no hot water! Breakfast was lovely served by a single waitress who appeared to be completely rushed off her feet...despite this she remained patient and polite with guests and the food was lovely (although the dining room was dingy and in need of redecorating) Overall the stay served its purpose, however the hotel is lacking in some basic luxuries and could do with some refurbishments.	
Sep 1 2008 	Makes Fawltey Towers look like paradise	We were under the impression when we booked and paid for our accomodation that we were to receive full english breakfast--alas this was not to be.When we entered the dining room at the appropriate time the staff were still cleaning the tables of the dust from the building renovations that were taking place right next to the kitchen and dining room--they had not moved the dining room to an alternative venue.All there was for breakfast was some cerial , some strange red liquid and toast and jam. The red liquid was polish orange juice--much weeker than normal. To eat the toast we had to clean the plates which were still wet. We had to make our own tea using a tea bag and water from the tea urn--alas the water in the tea urn was stone cold.Any approach to the staff for request for proper orange juice, hot water--this they could not supply!!!! , and marmalade was met by puzzled glances indicating they did not understand what we were saying, although they were heard later to carrying on a conversation in English.What could I say about the rest of the hotel--the carpets were absolutely filthy--they was no room for a chair in the bedroom--the wardrobe door had been removed so that one could use it--the toilet seat was broken--no toilet brush cleazner was provided.We stayed for the three days that we had booked and paid for--it is a good job that we had a good sense of humour--we certainly needed it.	
Aug 3 2008 	Run away	We spent (we really lost money) 6 nights in this nasty place.Dirty, unsafe, unhealty, also do not expect any help from front desk.We took only one breakfast, then we chose to pay somewhere else. It was the most disgusting breakfast room we have ever seen.	
Jul 30 2008 	Disgusting in servicecleanliness and staff helpfulness !!	This hotel is a disgrace. My wife and I have just returned from a stay at this hotel lasting two days, which were two days too long !This is an extremely poor representation of an english hotel to foreign visitors. The rooms ( we tried two ) were dirty, with damaged furniture and fittings, live electricity cables hanging from walls and across floors - a health and safety nightmare.We obviously complained to the management and informed them of our concerns only to be told that we could have cancelled 48 hours prior to our stay - what good is that ? we were unaware of any problems until we arrived !!During our stay the hotel was undergoing a refurbishment of some of the rooms - a suggestion we would like to make is CLOSE IT at least until the builders can finish the refurbishment and, until you can train your staff not to sort the dirty laundry whilst attempting to serve breakfasts without first washing her hands !!!Our message to anyone thinking of staying at this hotel is DONT - You Have Been Warned ! Photos to substantiate the horrors of this hotel are available to interested people but I cannot load them onto this site at the moment. I hope to add them within a couple of days.Mike	
Jul 16 2008 	13-15Jul08 - Surprisingly good	Looking for a reasonably priced hotel in London we booked to stay at airways hotel for 3 nights, 12 to 15 Jul 08. To be honest, first I booked the hotel through the internet and later on I checked on the reviews written about it. I have to admit that the reviews I read were extremely horryfying to the extend that I thought we should cancel and change to another hotel. The price we got was such a temptation though that we decided to make fun of the upcoming situation, let it be as bad as it read. By the title I chose you will probably have already guessed that what we got was far better from what we expected. We were given room No 105, a street-side room, which was Very nice, felt clean and cossy, had a very cute bathroom, a small, flatscreen Philips TV, a balcony etc. The only thing that reminded us of being in a budget hotel was the plastic-chair in the room. I had the chance to look at 2-3 other rooms on our floor and they looked equally nice. The area is full of hotels and BelgraveRoad or St. Georges drive are very long ways. But AirwaysHotel was one of those VERY close to Victoria station which was excellent. Wi-Fi available for internet but if you can't be bother carrying your own laptop no problem: at the reception they provide guests with a internetPC for 1pound/30' which is also the cheapest I found in this city. On the other side, contrast to the reviews, breakfast wasn't as fancy as described. The room lacked necessary construction works. Other than that there were toasted slices with jam and some cereals. But honestly, staying in a comfortable room is immensely more important than having a nice breakfast! I usually don't bother commenting, but I felt that the reviews I read about Airways were at least out of date. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 14 2008 	Brilliant value for money!	I stayed at the hotel for one night and we booked a triple room, although the room we were given was a four berth. The staff were very helpful and the room itself was newly refurbished, very clean and spacious, it even had a flat screen tv! The bathroom was lovely and the shower was very good as well. Very easy access to victoria underground and rail station, would definitely reccommend as a cheap and cheerful base for sightseeing/business trips in london. Breakfast was lovely also, very plentiful and full english included in the price as well!	
Jun 7 2008 	Stayed again this year brilliant hotel super staff room all been upgraded lo	We stayed at this Hotel again, all been refurbished, again wonderful staff, had a great time, very comfortable room, new shower, balcony so you can see what is going outside!!!!The staff are so helpful ( they know the number of every bus &amp; how to get to your destination!!) Breakfast is great toast, butter, jam, cereal &amp; a full english breakfast.Will stay there again on my next visit without a doubt.	
Apr 11 2008 	Would not recommend this hotel	The pictures as always looked ok on the web site but the only room that is like the pictures is the reception. I was on the top floor in some attic room that had a very small staircase that was hard to carry bags up.Also the stairs up to the top floor are in bad need of some attention, Walls need plastering and painting, wires hanging off walls and a few of the doors on the way up were broken and had selotape across them.The room itself was tiny and the window (the size of a postage stamp) was broken and I could not lock it. The cleanliness of the room was adequate.The main problem was that when I went to check out the guy behind the desk hardly spoke English and could not print me a receipt. He rang the owner who said if I waited half an hour he would arrive and print one for me. I said I had to get to work and left my email address for them to send it to me. After 3 phone calls they finally sent it..I would not stay here again. There are far better hotels around for about the same price	
Apr 6 2008 	Cheap and cheerfull	I stayed at the Airways for one night. The reception staff was polite. I was given a twin room (second floor, room 204), even though I had booked a single. There was no lift and walking up the stairs I was a bit apprehensive because it looked like they had been doing a bit of work on the place and the old worn out carpet. Had a bit of problem getting in but that was just me putting the credit card key in the wrong way. The room was warm, modernised, cleanish, there was dust on the dresser and when I lifted the toilet seat there was stains from the last user!! not very pleasant. The en-suite was small and when i used the loo I had to sit at a slant because of the sink sticking into my side, and to flush you had to push your finger through a hole in the cistern because the button was missing. There was ample hot water, but the shower did need a bit of thought when using as the hot cold control had a button that you had to press to allow you to get the hot water?? perhaps a safety feature? Clean towel but no where to hang it. There was a nice big new wardrobe with 2 spare pillows and blankets but couldn't open the doors very much because they hit the bottom of the bed! The bed was new and comfortable. As for noise the street was fairly quiet, you could hear other guests going to their rooms by the creaky floor boards and slamming doors. I didn't get breakfast because I wasn't feeling hungry. So for a budget hotel for one night it was OK.	
Mar 19 2008 	Take my advice: Stay away!	It was dirty, filthy and the toilet in our room was broken. The staff did not care. Even though we lived on 4th floor, they just told us to use the toilet on the ground floor. Great for a pregnant woman to climb the stairs several times in the middle of the night!However, the very rude receptionist and impolite owner made it clear that you cannot expect everything to work, when you book a cheap hotel room....in fact they told us we should have called 48 hours in advance and asked if everything in the room worked. The battle to get back our money, when we realized that the toilet was not going to be fixed was a waste of time.	
Mar 8 2008 	Worst Hotel every stayed in	I booked the hotel for a 4 night stay in London. Good price, good write up for a budget hotel and good location. Well the location was perfect but the hotel was disgusting. I have stayed at budget hotels in 3rd world countries before and all were 100% better than this one.On arrival, we were told they were having renovation work done so we expeced a bit of dirt - not the filth that we got. The room was so small you couldn't swing a cat in there - they promised us a bigger room the following night, and as it turned out we didn't stay any more nights after the first. The problems included, tea and coffe in room but no cups, milk or sugar. Only one towel, no plug socket for lamp above bed, no hooks so towels and coats ended up on floor, sink in bathroom did not drain. Hotel was dusty with bare walls, breakfast room was old 'living room' with plastic patio tables, no coffee, no plates so had to butter toast on hands, no breakfast options, no bowls for cereal, no napkins and finally, hair in food! We checked out immediately and got a refund for our last 3 nights.If you are thinking about staying in this hotel, do not be fooled by the websites like we were. The Easyhotel.com round the corner offered budget accomodation bit was clean and the perfect location for central London	
Mar 1 2008 	Total Horror!	I've been on camps, 1 star hotels etc, but this hotel is just horrible. I've never seen anything like this before. Without an elevator 7 stairs was quite a climb to the room. When I try to open the door I immediately slammed the bed because the room was just 2 metres x 1 metre!! I just couldn't believe the size. The bed filled the whole 'room' and I couldn't barely stand in the room. There was a big hole in the ceiling which was right above the bed. With such an old building, you just know that's just a matter of time for cock roaches falling of the hole. The other room they offered me had a toilet which didn't flush, I should use the toilet in the lobby 7 floors down. It was a horror!	
Jan 1 2008 	Scary	Please stay away from this hell hole, dirty filthy does not even beginto describe this pathethic excuse for a hotel it was like walking intoa third world shack there were very strange people wandering about. Wewould have felt safer sleeping in the street. The tatty wallpaper was hanging off the walls, the light did not work, sockets were hanging off the walls. Needless to say with only an hour to get ready to go out we found another hotel and beat a hasty retreat with no refund butwe valued our health and safety more than money. Be warned stay away.	
Dec 11 2007 	Bedbugs!! Don't stay here!	My mother and I stayed there for one night only, - good for us, since we absolutely horrified! We booked a twin room, and got a room for four people, - nice. We had a fridge, - nice. The window wouldn't close, the room was damp and the wallpaper was coming off, - not nice. The bathroom, which we paid extra to get, was mostly a dirty cupboard in the corner and the toiletseat was loose, - not nice. But whatever, we thought, this is London, it is cheap and you get what you pay for right?? So we were happy and spent a lovely day in London and had a nice walk and saw Big Ben, Westminister Abbey and the parliament in a couple of hours and didn't even have to take the tube at all, since the hotel has a great location. (We're Danish, we like to walk.) Back at the hotel, we realised, that someone wanted us to have a chilly night, since the heating was turned of and we couldn't turn it back on and the window still wouldn't close. Again we thought, - you get what you pay for. But in the morning my mother found a nasty bug in her bed and you could see it was all fat with my poor old mothers blood inside. EEEW! I know it was cheap, I know it's England(I've lived there myself and worked at another hotel) but that was just too disgusting. What you see in the pictures at this website, is what you get. Great location, but wrong hotel. Do yourself a favour, do not stay there. I surely won't.	
Dec 7 2007 	totally disgraceful	I foolishly booked this for an overnight stay as it was handy to Victoria.Do not make the same mistake. Had I read the honest reviews I would not have made a mistake that almost ruined the subsequent holiday.I'm not going to go into any detail except to add that this &quot;hotel&quot; is not only a disgrace but should be the subject of an investigation by the Dept of Environmental Health.Any agency which promotes this doss house should also be investigated. The photographs in an earlier review are accurate of my own experience.God knows what impression this gives foreign travellers of the UK.	
Oct 22 2007	Proceed with the utmost caution !	If you opt for this hotel expecting very little, then you won't be disappointed. My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in October, and we would wish to make the following observations:-The interior of the hotel is in a mess, with seemingly ongoing renovations taking place. The corridors and landings are awful, with poor carpeting, and dilapidated plasterwork and fittings.The breakfast room is a disaster area, and is in desperate need of refurbishment. Our room was in the attic area and was very small, but having said this, it had been refurbished, was clean, and contained a fridge and a new LCD TV. There were no curtains to speak of (one net curtain, covering one half of the window space). On the plus side, the breakfast was actually OK (pity about the surroundings), and the staff were friendly to us.If you are on a low budget, and wish to stay at this hotel, then I would recommend that you request a refurbished room before you commit to staying. I am sure that there are worse places around, but be warned.	
Oct 20 2007 	You get it what you pay for it	Hotel is not on top of the line, but it is very convinient by location.Stuff is very, very nice and polite. F.Dzinic, Florida,USA	
Oct 18 2007 	Airways Hotel in London - Hotels.com - Terrible!!! Stay away!!!	I'm not a writer and very seldom do I use valuable time to make a claim on anything that happens to me during a trip, but our family's experience with &quot;Hotels.com&quot; and the &quot;Airways Hotel&quot;, which Hotels.com advertised as &quot;Endulge Yourself&quot;, and that we were supposed to stay at in London, was just outrageous and I just have to speak up...I really don't know where to start... It is said that &quot;one image is worth a thousand words&quot;, and perhaps in this occasion, this would be the best way to express our very short but disappointing experience.Aftar a very long 9 and a half hour flight from Miami to London, we were so tired that we just wanted to arrive to the &quot;Airways Hotel&quot;, which had already reviewed, chosen and paid for through &quot;Hotels.com&quot;.We arrived at midday, but we had to wait for two hours in a very small and untidy lobby for our room to be prepared. The photos we took will explain what we found after climbing five floors with our bags (no elevator of course).Fifteen minutes later we were checking out and moving to real hotel. However, we were charged and forced to pay Hotels.com for the stay.Very well located and cute from the outside, but extremely dirty, messy, broken up, sticky and stinky once you are inside. Don't make the same mistake we made, &quot;Airways Hotel&quot; in London is truly terrible, and &quot;Hotels.com&quot; doesn't care to know about it or listen to their clients in order to protect them against these kinds of frauds.Once again, if &quot;one image is worth a thousand words&quot;, take a look at the photographs we took of &quot;our room&quot;, they really do speak for themselves...	
Oct 11 2007 	Avoid like the plague!	Just back from a one night stay in the Airways Hotel. In my opinion, it was one night too many. They're doing some 'refurbishments' - where I don't know! There were 8 of us staying in 3 bedrooms and all collectively have the opinion that this hotel was a complete dump! There were gaps in the walls exposing the exterior, carpet was manky, paint and wallpaper chipping off the walls, dirty towels actually stapled to the banister! Each room was manky. One room had a towel on the window as a curtain! There were no signs to indicate where the fire exit was located. The showers were flithy. I can honestly say, there is nothing positive about this place! I suppose we should have known there was something dodge about it, especially when we had to pay for the rooms before we trapsed up 80+ stairs to our rooms in the attic! I'm just glad to be out of there, I'm cringing at the thoughts of the place... avoid this place at all costs!	
Oct 8 2007 	Dodgy Renovation in Progress; Yes it's Cheap but we still expected more!!	I chose this hotel because of it's location, which is awesome, it's very close to Victoria Station (Bus &amp; Rail) and there are numerous grocery stores &amp; Pubs in the area...... We're used to roughing it.... But...They seem to be undergoing some sort of renovation. There was paint peeling off and crooked paintings covering up holes in the walls. Luckily we were on the top floor which had been renovated (although we dragged our suitcases up the wrong staircase first and almost broke our necks up the 2 foot wide steps at the top)Our room was renovated, but quite badly, the toilet was already broken and the towel rails and lights didn't work. The no-smoking policy doesn't seem to apply to that building either!We turned up to breakfast expecting a decent meal, but were sorely dissapointed, we got one 2-inch sausage, one egg, the eye piece of a rasher of bacon and a tablesoon of baked beans plus two pieces of toast (which were pre-cooked, and already sitting on the tables so the earlier to breakfast the better). The breakfast ladies didn't appear to understand english either. Don't even bother with the dishwater coffee - go for tea!! The receptionists weren't overly helpful, and also seemed to not understand us. Not sure if I like them taking our key as we leave the hotel either (although it does seem to be standard practice in some hotels).It's sad, as this hotel could be great with a bit more finishing off, friendlier staff and better breakfast.	
Sep 28 2007	our things were stolen	we booked this hotel as it was cheap and in a good location but when we arrived we were faced with staff who could not undrestand us and a absolutely filthy hotel. our room was on the first floor and it stunk to make matters worse our door did not lock properly we only found this out on our last day. we had three towels stolen plus a pair of shorts a t shirt and a pair of my shoes had some kind of sticky liquid spilt onto them. we complained and we were told that it was our fault as our towels were white like the hotels and our clothes must have been wrapped up in them.	
Sep 22 2007 	Dump!	The location of this hotel is what attracted us and although we realised it was not particularly expensive, we did expect basic cleanliness. From the outisde the building looks fine, however you then enter the reception area and the alarm bells start to ring. They ring louder as you climb the stair and notice large area's of plaster missing from the walls with the subsequent dust on the carpet lying unhoovered for days and they positively deafen you as you arrive at your room door and enter! I've no intention of being polite here, the room was basically dirty. The window was jammed open with a cup, drawer fronts were missing, a full size fridge was located in the middle of the room and the woolen blanket came complete with a cigarette burn. The toilet was like a portaloo crammed into the corner and it was quite clear that only visible area's of carpet were hoovered with other area's thick with dust and hair!! We were so disgusted that we basically didn't communicte with the reception staff during our stay as we felt lt it would be futile, we only returned to the hotel to sleep and the thought of eating breakfast there quelled our appetite! Great location but there is no doubt the premises are not well run and the owners seem happy to take customers money without providing them with basic comfort and cleanliness. There seem to be other hotels in the area in a similar price range and of better quality.Mr &amp; Mrs Mackay, Scotland	
Sep 21 2007 	should be called the AirPORT because that's where we chose to stay	This will teach me about the value of Tripadvisor reviews. The hotel was terrible. A mess, and probably a health hazard. One look at our 3rd floor (no lift) room and we decided to get on the train to Gatwick and sleep there. However, the clerk, not very friendly at first, became rude when I told him that we would not stay, and especially when I asked him to reverse the charge from my credit card. It was only when I told him that I work in the card industry that he voided the charge. Unfortunately, a few minutes after I left the hotel, he used my number to key the transaction back in. As of today my colleagues in our fraud team are looking after the issue.	
Sep 1 2007	hotel under construction	The hotel is undergoing major construction work. We stayed on the top floor, which has been newly renovated. The rest of the hotel was in very poor condition with cables hanging from celings and pipes laying up the stairways, damp on the walls and ceilings and peeling wallpaper, overall very grubby. The full english breakfast was also poor. We stayed for two nights and the second morning we didnt even bother to get up for breakfast. Although our room on the top floor was in okay condition, we feel that the rest of the hotel was not suitable for paying guests and should have been closed down until refurbishment complete. I would however stay in this hotel again once all refurbishment complete as the hotel was central to Victoria train station and attractions.	
Aug 14 2007 	Stay Away!	Hotel is in a very nice part of town and is only a short walk to Victoria Station, however the place is a dump. There was construction on all floors except on the top floor where our room was. Rotting walls riddled with holes, dirty carpets, peeling wallpaper, crooked floors, tiny rooms, boarded up windows, etc. Other then the top floor, the place is in absolutely inhabitable condition. This hotel should NOT be open in such poor condition with this amount of extensive work going on! The top floor and our room looked somewhat renovated, albeit poorly. Our tiny room did appear to be cleaned, however dust was a major problem when we returned to our room every night. We returned to layers of dust on all our stuff. We had to shake the dust off our sheets, pillows, clothing, and belongings out the window every night. We used damp towels to wipe the thick dust off the dresser, cabinet, sink, etc. We questioned if it was a health risk to be staying here. There were no curtains on the windows, and there was NO hot water available on 3 occasions that we tried to shower both in the mornings and at night. No help from hotel staff regarding lack of hot water and dust concerns. Please do not stay here! I have stayed in several hostels, 1 and 2 star hotels across Europe, and this is by far the worst! It should be stripped of its 2 stars.	
Jul 25 2007 	Cheap But Not Money For Value	Ok, lets not beat around the bush, this is only a 2 star hotel so you can expect too much from it however, after paying £79 (Having seen many 3 stars and the odd 4 star hotel at similar prices i felt i was in for a decent room. When you walk in the hotel doesnt feel like a hotel in the warm sense, feels like your walking into somebody's house but happens to be a very small welcome desk. First impressions werent great, but when they showed me to my room i actually couldnt believe it. I felt that i had stepped into faulty towers or something. The room itself was small, very small even for a single, the bed was uncomfortable and the tiny window overlooked backs of buildings (although view isnt that important) and then the TV picture was slightly off. As i put my bag down it dawned on me there was no private bathroom, so as i opened my cupboard....oh....there it is! A bathroom which wouldnt even be fit for University dorm room. Just so small and cramped and you just get the impression that they have spent as little money and time on their rooms which makes you feel like you've been robbed. The next day i got up for the breakfast, i sat down in what seemed a living room with a fireplace filled in, they offered me breakfast. It wasnt that pleasent, the bacon was not a good quality bacon (Work in waitrose) and they were very generous, 1 bacon, 1 sausage, 1 egg (avoid ordering eggs) beans and a bit of toast. Another reminder that no money or time had spent of breakfast either. Had i headed out i was disappointed with what i got for my money.I have to give some positives, unlike others, the room was not unclean and plumbing and kettle and all the other essentials worked just fine. But i dread to think if i brought my gf there or anyone else for that fact, i was on my own therefore you dont generally care however my advice is, keep searching cos there are plenty of 3/4 star hotels for a similar price literally next door so only go there if its a must!!!	
Jul 7 2007 	More Negatives than Positives	I stayed here for one night in July. I had read reviews on here but after I booked it! The room I had booked was a single but I was 'upgraded' to a double. The room was small but as it was just me I didn't mind that, however the bed was uncomfortable to sleep on, the television had a bad reception and the channels were all over the place(BBC1 on 2, Channel 4 on 12 that sort of thing) there was no fresh milk in the tea and coffee facilities, just whitener and the handle on the shower room was dodgy, cue a very hungover me nearly getting locked in! The breakfast was the worst I'd come across, burnt thick bacon, dodgy tasting beans, a bearable sausage and an odd looking fried egg and the only juice on offer was Grapefruit, only the toast was edible.The staff were very friendly, my room had a fridge and the location fantastic but the place has a lot of problems it needs to sort out. I think for £55 they could have provided a better service and still made a profit	
Jul 3 2007 	Don't do it!!!!	Airways is the worst hotel I've stayed. My room (a single) was only slightly wider than the twin bed. I couldn't get to the window without climbing over the bed.The box springs and mattress were different sizes. The sheets looked like Salvation Army rejects. I didn't look at the mattress or take the sheets off - too scary.You cannot take a shower without getting the entire bathroom floor wet. And it doesn't drain quickly. Expect to take a shower wtih water up to your ankles full of god knows what. Bathrooms in RVs are more spacious. Porta potties are cleaner. There was no soap or shampoo.I'm in a single, mid 30's female traveller. I'm not picky, but I did not feel safe there. Fortunately, I found someone to spend the night with who had a room in a different hotel, so my time at Airways was minimal. :)	
Jun 30 2007 	Definitely Not recommnded	Booked this hotel because it seemed well located, reasonably priced (for London) and offered a full breakfast - bad choice! This place is a disaster - the double room we got was not far off capsule size, located in the attic with small windows and no curtains. If one person wanted to dress the other had to lie on the bed to allow space!! It was very recently renovated as indicated by the absence of an electrical socket to plug in the installed bedside light, no mirror in the toilet/shower and the lack of floor covering on the corridor outside! Renovations were ongoing nearby as indicated by the drilling and hammering that reverbrated through the walls!The access to the room was up 4 flights of steep, narrow and dirty stairs with exposed wiring hanging from the ceiling - not a pleasent climb after a day walking around London and I would have serious concerns about safety in the event of a fire.The breakfast proved to be equally disappointing - served in a small basement room crammed with plastic tables and chairs it was almost inedible, we choose to go out for breakfast rather than have it on the second day! The best thing that I can say about this hotel is that we didn't have to stay in it too long! There are plenty of other choices in the area that looked better and next time I'd pay a bit more to get something habitable.	
Jun 25 2007 	Disgusting	My daughter and I were booked into the Hanover Hotel across the road for one night but on arrival, after completing the check-in card, we were told that they had broken windows in the basement and we would be moved across the road to their sister hotel - the Airways Hotel - at no extra cost!!! We went along with this and were duly given a key to a room just near the reception. Our booking for the Hanover had been an en-suite room with city views and a full English breakfast. However this room was a complete joke - dirty, disgusting, about the size of a cupboard and looked out onto a back yard. There was no way we were spending the night in there. So we went back to reception and asked for a better room. We were then taken to the top of the building - up about 6 flights of stairs at least - every one of them with filthy carpets and bare wires and rubble. This room, although again extremely small was at least new with a new bed. The bathroom, if you could call it that, was minute. The window in the bedroom would not shut and kept blowing wide open to all the elements - pouring rain and wind.On our way out in the evening, we sneaked a look at the breakfast room in the basement before we would commit ourselves to breakfast the next day and decided there was no way we would eat in there. The leftover breakfast things were still on the tables from those who had dared to eat there.I am pleased to say that we were only booked in for the one night. I would never recommend this hotel. It is a real fire trap - how on earth can it pass regulations?	
Jun 15 2007 	horrendous	Two words: bed bugs. Actual, by definition, bed bugs. Not only was the paint peeling, the carpet disgusting, the ceiling moldy, the furniture not worthy of a garage sale.. but dozens and dozens of bed bugs. Unless you want post tramautic stress disorder and phantom itching for weeks, this place is not reccommended! Very unclean and creepy.	
Jun 15 2007 	Do not stay in this hell hole they call a hotel 	One word for this hotel DISGUSTING. Horrible dingy room with no curtains on the windows or wallpaper on the walls, bed lumpy and old and as for the bathroom there is better facilities at glastonbury! As for the breakfast what can I say, garden furniture to sit on, horrible greasy smell and very poor quality food, Overall disgustingly filthy I am still scratching now from the bed bugs If you want my advice DO NOT STAY HERE under any circumstances, try the comfort inn Victoria which is just up the road and a hell of a lot better.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not as advertised on their web-site	My family and I stayed there last week for 3 nights from Wednesday. The location of the Hotel is spot on and is a very beautiful part of the city and as we approached the hotel were quite excited to be staying there. On check in the hotel policy is to pay up-front, £355for 3 nights for the 4 of us (1 under 5). The small reception was clean and seemed appropriate.Hindsight is 20:20, I should never have paid for the room up-front. When we got to our room via a dank corridor and down murky steps of carpet that had not been cleaned for some time (it was tacky and stuck slightly to the soles of your shoes). At the time we got to the room there were workmen and so there were materials all over the floor. When I opened the door I was shocked and felt ashamed that I had booked this room for my family. The room was in the basement, there were 3 single beds (2 pushed next to each other trying to be a double bed) and 1 double bed. Apart from that there was very little in the room as there was no space for anything else, I can't believe the beds were managed to be squeezed in. The decor was sparse, no bedside lights, the room was grubby, there were some bugs in one corner of the room, the TV did not receive any picture. The room was advertised as en-suite, what was there was a small cupboard that had been converted into a shower room. The shower was broken, it did not mount on the wall. The electrical wiring in this part of the hotel appeared to me to be dangerous (and I suppose there is no reason to suggest other areas were better, I just did not see them), the main fuse box was open with paper, coke cans and other rubbish stored in there, exposed wires. The mains wiring around was hanging off the wall and skirting boards. The whole place had not been decorated or cleaned in a long time.The room was adjacent the breakfast room and food preparation area, so at 06.00 am we were woken by the staff starting to prepare breakfast. We did not have breakfast at the hotel as on the first night I took the opportunity to look at the breakfast room and the food preparation area. The breakfast room was as clean as the stairway and if the food preparation area passes any hygiene test or Health and Safety regulations I will be amazed. Such was my concern I did not let my family eat there. The floor was filthy, the work-tops the same. The cooker needs disposed of, it was obvious that the same grease and fat was used more than one day to prepare the full English breakfasts, storage of food, cleanliness of utensiles.......I can go on and on.I complained on each day about the TV not working. At check out I asked for a discount and the response I got was 'it was not hotel policy'!!!!!It is very obvious that once you check in and pay up-front then your money is gone. For the sake of 3 nights I did not want to spend our first day of our break trying to get my money back and finding another place to stay, we only spend our evenings there from 10.00 pm until 09.00am next day. I did also witness another person who had checked in on Thursday complain bitterly at the room she had been given in the same tone of this note.	
Jun 3 2007 	The nastiest hotel on the planet	We had originally booked to stay in a hotel down the road, but when we got there we were told the boiler wasn't working so we were being moved down the road to The Airways. When we got there first impressions weren't that sparkling (needed serious updating) but we had paid already through Lastminute.com, and it was half-term, so we didn't fancy trawling London for alternative accomodation. The gentleman at our original hotel and the one behind the desk kept saying it was better facilities and a brand new room. We had to walk up 7 flights of stairs to get to our new room and the sights along the way were nothing but shocking. Leaky water pipes, bare electircal wires, badly fitting dirty carpets, dirt and dust everywhere. All the bedroom doors on the way were filthy and had big gaps in the sides of the frames. On the final flight of stairs there was no bannister! There was no carpet on our landing and there was big gaps in the floor boards. Around the corner from our room, which we discovered later on, was a big drop of about 6 feet!When we reached our room, it was surprisingly clean and was indeed newly decorated. However it was the smallest room I have ever seen! The window was tiny and our view consisted of a peeling wall, there was not even any curtains. There was no hanging space for clothes and the bathroom was so small, you could not even sit straight on the loo! There was just a sheet on the bed, we asked for blankets, but they never materialised.They are obviously refurbishing at the moment as the noise was appaulling, and communal areas are as filthy as a building site. Also, which is the most shocking part, there was filthy old beds and mattresses blocking the only fire exit and there was no fire evacuation policy in the room.We were only staying at this hotel one evening, but I have never been so glad to leave a hotel in my life. We had breakfast included in our deal but there was no way I was going to eat in this filthy hovel.This hotel is not only dirty but it breaks every health and safety regulation in the book. Please please pleae do not stay there, I would not house my worst enemy there!!!!	
May 29 2007 	Not fit for human habitation	This place is absolutely disgusting. Thank God we were only staying for two nights, and on both of those we returned very late so as not to spend much time in our 'room'. This place is dreadful, no words can describe how awful it is. I cannot believe it could have passed any Health and Safety check! Here is a list of things that happened over a two night stay:1. Electricity went out.2. No hot water.3. Staff misplace Safety Deposit key - do not look for it when asked to (did not bother to check with any other staff either) - and ring up locksmith who would charge us £300 to open the box. Luckily staff finally notice the key behind reception desk - Locksmith is cancelled.4. The huge damp patches on wall and ceiling start to bear fruit - my friend's bed gets soaking wet.5. Workmen start work early on a Bank Holiday morning - next door to our room.You would want to be a complete fool to stay here - I didn't think that places like this existed anymore. With out doubt the worst room I have ever slept in, hotel or otherwise. My message is simple, don't book in here. I should have listened when I read the other reviews. Boy am I sorry now.	
Apr 16 2007 	the.avoid.like.plague.	I stayed in this 'hotel' with a mate of mine whilst over for a mid week soccer match in London. Both of us are teachers and have a lot of travel experience at both ends of the market.....but even some of our more 'interesting' hostel experiences in eastern europe were no match for this place. We were only ever going to be sleeping in the room for the two nights but it was sub standard. Plain and simple. I would not categorise it as a hotel as that presupposes some degree of comfort which is not present here. Read the other traveller's reviews on this website for more in depth anaylsis of the facilities, but don't use this place for anything other than a last resort.	
Mar 9 2007	Cheap and cheerful	I recently took a group of student from Spain to London for a few days. I chose this hotel because it looked cheap and cheerful and so it was. The most important thing for me when travelling is that the room be clean and the water hot. Absolutely no problems apart from the TV reception, but if anyone goes to London to stay in the hotel watching TV they shouldn't bother. For the price alone it is very reasonable and the staff were all very polite and helpful.	
Feb 5 2007 	My Airways Experience :(	My girlfriend booked us into the Airways hotel for my birthday for two nights because of the convenient location, favourable price and positive reviews and photographs on their website. It was supposed to be a romantic weekend away in basic, but clean accomodation. We joked as we walked towards the hotel that the Airways sign was half falling down. The reception was Ok but the attendant was not particularly friendly, and what struck me as excessively keen to obtain our money. The alarm bells started ringing when we wer given directions to go down stairs to our room to what appeared like a basement beside what appeared to be a fire exit next to an alleyway, filled with bags and refuse. We entered our room and the carpet and bed looked as though it should have been replaced many years ago. The bathroom was mouldy and and not very clean. The prospect of spending two nights here really was offputting. The accomodation fell severely short of the image portrayed by the website. We asked for another room and were given the key to one on the first floor. It had a window to the front but was much smaller than the first, had not been cleaned and looked quite pitiable. We kept the first room and immediately went to find another hotel. Cost no longer appeared to be the issue. We were fortunate enough to find an AA rated hotel only a few metres away which had a small but luxurious and new room for only 12 pounds extra per night. The value-for-money was incomparable. Our weekend was saved from ruin. We returned to Airways to ask for our money back but were refused our first night's deposit. In my view this is dishonourable business conduct ... the only way this place can survive. That is the reason why I thank TripAdvisor for providing the opportunity to warn other people from falling into the same pitiful trap. I am sorry for those that have no alternative. Airways does not deserve to be in business. You have been warned.	
Jan 30 2007	New Years Eve 2007in London	I stayed in theAirways Hotel from 28th DEC up to 3rd GEN 2007.The Hotel's room are small, but nice. The location supplies to the poverty of comforts: 15 mimutes walking to Buckingam Palace, 5 minutes walking to Victoria Station (Tube).The people who works there is nice.Go and stay there, but be quite: your bathroom is a plexiglass coffin.	
Nov 4 2006 	Borderline disgusting	The hotel had the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept on. You could feel every spring. The mattress had multiple stains on it. It was disgusting. The bathroom was gross. It had mold and mildew in the light fixtures. The wallpaper was peeling off of the walls. If the hotel hadn't been charged in advance, I would have left. If you need a clean comfortable place to sleep, this hotel isn't for you.	
Sep 29 2006 	Worst hotel I've ever stayed in	This hotel was absolutely horrendous. I asked to be moved to another room as the first room they gave me was next to the boiler room and therefore boiling hot and noisy.The room they gave me was ever so slightly better. However it had an awful smell, the TV looked to be about 40 years old and didn't work at all. The wallpaper was coming off the walls and there were huge damp patches on the ceiling. It is impossible to have a shower without soaking the bathroom floor.The breakfast was quite enjoyable (although it was just nice to get out of the room for a while).To make it even worse the staff were rude and unhelpful and their English is not great.Please never stay in this hotel and then hopefully it will be shut down if health and safety see it.	
Aug 25 2006 	dirty net curtains	we booked a quad room for 2 adults and 2 kids 1@16yrs and 1 @11 yrs. the room that we had was just big enough for us, as we didn't spend much time in it apart from sleeping (room 206 possibly only get 3 people in comfortably). The curtains and nets where filthy dirty, the window had to be held open by the yellow pages phone book, and the bathroom was very, very small. Also the satelite T.V. was non existent we could only get 4 channels on it. Although a reasonable breakfast was had, again the windows and curtains could do with a wash in the breakfast room. The staff were reasonably polite, and the reception staff very helpful. I didn't read any reviews until i got back from our 4 days in London, but i agree that you get what you pay for and if you want a cheap room to rest your weary head after all that sightseeing then this place will do (but only just)	
Aug 12 2006 	neva again	i totally agree with the reviews i have seen. i stayed at this hotel with 2 of my friends in july 2006 and it was the worst experience eva. i was totally digusted with the standard of the hotel considering the central location. i have seen hostels which are cleaner and more spacious compared to this hotel. the room we where allocated consisted of a double bed and a single bed it smelt terrible and had filthy curtains. we refused to stay in that room and asked to be moved. we where then offered another room which was slightly bigger but still smelt and was not very clean at all. there was dubious looking stains on the matress. the bathroom was vile and smelt horrid, there was no way you can have a shower without the whole bathroom getting flooded. the second night at the hotel we brought back two guests and where harassed by the man in reception, he called us on the phone in the room and told us to tell the guests to leave we advised him that they would not be staying and would be leaving (to be honest there was no space for them to stay) but the man in reception said we would be charged £40 extra. we refused to stay at that dump any longer and decided to stay at my friends.i would neva advise anyone to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 5 2006 	Worste hotel in the city	Missing curtains, everything was torned, very dirty, they didnt clean our room during our stay, bathroom was in the Hotel room which came from a autocamper, breakfast dining room was so little that we had to wait to be seatet every morning.	
Jul 20 2006	Budget hotel in great location	This is a budget hotel. The pictures make it look nicer than it is, but it's not a flophouse either. The breakfast was decent, the service was fine, they had free internet access, and the location was outstanding. Just expect small, slightly grubby rooms, and &quot;bathrooms&quot; that appear to have been ripped out of an RV somewhere and plopped into the corner of the room. I might stay there again if I don't become rich suddenly.	
Jul 14 2006	Don't go there!!	Booked online for 2 friends and I, as they didn't accept solo cards my boyfriend gave his card details to secure the booking. When we got there we were asked to pay before we even saw the room, we were not happy but were told it was company policy so I paid with my card. After being shown 4 rooms and refusing all due to the disgusting state of them ( dirty sheets, bugs, damp used soap and damp towels) we asked for a refund, after 2 hours they eventually agreed. My boyfriend has now discovered that the hotel has taken £77.50 from his account and after phoning them to complain they say that you have to give 48 hours notice if you cancel but we didn't cancel we refused to stay there. By the way this Airways Hotel is in St Georges Street, Victoria	
Jul 13 2006	Decrepite Hotel - warning do not believe the postive reviews	We had booked three nights stay at the Airways. Arriving by air and getting to the hotel around 2:00 am, we arrived to find a pleasant and convenient area and the front and reception area looked ok. But when we arrived into our room we were shocked not at the size of the room as I have stayed in smaller hotel rooms in Asia but how dirty and run down the hotel room was. They were using packaging (cello) tape to hold the wall paper up, the bathroom had not been cleaned (remains still in toilet) and overall the feeling we were in a small dirty cage. I asked for another room and walking 4 flights of stairs only to find it similar but this one at least had a window. Apparently with 3 star ratings, this means NO air conditioning and NO lifts. We both slept on our single beds with our sleeping bags sheets, both of us afraid to touch the walls. Needless to say it was an aweful nights sleep. If you tried to take a shower in the plastic closet bathroom you cannot do so without getting the whole floor wet and barely able to move. The breakfast was down in the dungy basement. Watch out for the floors because they were uneven and the breakfast was barely edible. I noticed that there were workers painting the front as that were they using their money towards. (So don't believe in the facade!) We used the internet but unlike what was reported in other reviews this was NOT FREE. Needless to say we left early that morning to find other accomadations. Only saving grace was that we went to Victoria Station and used the accomadation service to book us another hotel which was fantastic and not much more. Only book here if you absolutely have to and you can cover yourself with a bag!	
Jun 28 2006	nice reception staff but dirty	I agree with most of what fellow travellers have written. I booked a room with a &quot;private bathroom&quot; for 70 pounds ..although it was less than 24 hours before i arrived. My other plans fell through. THe reception area is nice enough. Inernet access is available on one computer for one pound for 30 minutes. Another traveller mentioned something about bringing the laptop to the reception , I believe that my room had wireless access b/c the man switched room keys when I told him I would like wireless, but it was 5 pounds for 24 hours, so i declined. (There are loads of cheap cyber cafes in central london)This hotel is not exactly where you would want to spend time on a computer.I had the room next to the breakfast room. Easy with lots of luggage(only one flight) but very NOISY in the early a.m. THe rooms bathroom was sketchy to say the least. i could not even shower before my flight because it was sooo gross. Also, I had a very large water /roachy bug climing up the wall..that i killed in the middle of the night. I told the staff in the a.m. that the remains of some creature were on still on the wall. They were totally unconcerned.Also, my &quot;view&quot; consisted of a side dumping ground. I saw the maid walking through this junk yard though I dont know what it was for. THis may have attracted the bug.I did find some hairs on the sheets. I just hoped that nothing crawled on me in the night.Basically, shop around..I have stayed at other hotels in this area for better prices and alot cleaner. I did not try the breakfast.I find you get more for your buck if you are flying out of Heathrow adn can stay near Paddington.	
Jun 16 2006	If you want to stay in a dump stay here!	My partner and I had the serious misfortune of staying at this nasty dump on June 6 - but thankfully it was only one night. We had flown back from Sweden for the final night of our trip, and didn't want to spend a lot of money (most decent hotels in London are expensive in American dollars- and nice ones are very expensive!). We paid $115 American dollars for this crapfest. We had booked a night in the Hanover Hotel, based on the cheap cost and the pictures on this site, and the so-so reviews. We figured, it's only one night, it looks decent, and we aren't gonna be there much. When we arrived to the Hanover (first of all, the street is numbered very strangely so it took a while to find), we were told in broken English (the hotels are run by folks from India) that there was no room in the hotel so we now had a room in the Airways Hotel, accross the street. Additionally, they had a sign that said &quot;air conditioning available in some rooms, please ask&quot; - and I did - only to find out that it was $30 more to have a/c - which is not what was written in the description of the hotel. Also, it said that each room had wireless internet - not true. In the Airways dump, you have to go to the lobby to have internet - and you have to pay!!! So in broken English we got shuttled over to the Airways hotel, across the street. All the 'hotels' on this row are basically crappy hostels. They call them Bed and Breakfasts, but don't think for a second that that is true. Overall there was a general strangeness and weirdness to the whole deal - we thought we were getting bamboozled. Over at the Airways we were given a huge keyring for the room and told that when we left the hotel we had to leave the key at the front desk! Up 3 flights of stairs, we found our room - if you can call it that. 3 crammed-in beds, a small refridgerator, and a bathroom so tiny it made the ones in Paris look luxurious. If you are even a bit overweight, you couldn't fit in this bathroom. The hot and cold water comes out different spickets, so you either burn yourself or freeze yourself. And the shower - nasty, it overflowed on to the rest of the floor because it wouldn't drain, you couldn't avoid the shower curtain being all over you, and it was impossible to move. Overall the room was dirty and nasty - it felt like being in a slum apartment. There was a disturbing figure on the ceiling - some kind of green little figure that someone had taken the head off the body and put them on the ceiling in different places. Now the really disturbing part is no one had removed them. See the pictures. The room was so disgusting overall, we wondered how clean the sheets were. There was a towel on each bed and a small bar of soap on each - and the soap bars were unwrapped. There was no a/c in the room obviously, so we opened up the window and tried to get some sleep. Didn't get much. Even the lock on the door was questionable. We tried to use our phone but were told the line had to be set up first. (later when we checked out, we were charged a ton because we made some phone calls to a cell phone - watch out!) And then later we discovered you had to pay for Internet downstairs in the lobby and sit there with your laptop. I could go on and on about this room and this place. But the bottom line is, it's a dump. It should be torn down. Don't stay here. You'll be sorry. Forget what anybody else says - it -- !!!!Take your $115, scrounge up some more, and get a decent place for $200 or more. Remember - you're on vacation. Don't ruin it by staying here.	
Apr 20 2006	Try somewhere else.	Visited February 2005 with travel companion. Although I had received written acknowledgement about arrival/departure times, room was not ready upon arrival. When presented with a room, it was not what I had requested. Waited another extended period of time. Was presented with another room, which still was not what I had reserved; we took it, because we were too tired to wait any longer. The room was marginal, at best. The bath facilities were so tiny and cramped, one could hardly move. Breakfast was good. Front desk staff were unconcerned and seemingly did not care about anything. Would not recommend this property. I have stayed at many other lovely properties in London. I will not return to this one. Mitchell K. Rodgers Lexington, NC USA.	
Mar 18 2006	'Airways' is Terrible Hotel	I travel a lot during last fifteen years. During fifteen years I have never seen so terrible quality hotel like “Airways” in London, Victoria. We arrived at “Airways” hotel. We looked at our room and were shocked. The square size of the room was so small that we could not get in together. The bathroom was extremely small. The adult person can get in with big difficulties. The shower cabin was barely attached to the floor and was shaking when I got in. In addition the room wasn’t clean. It has specific unpleasant smell. We requested the owner to give us another room. He offered us the room on the upper floor. The hotel does not have a lift. It was very difficult for us to get to the upper floor with our luggage. The room again was not clean. Then owner offered us the room in the basement. The room did not have telephone and TV-set in the working condition. It smells sewer. So, we had to change three rooms before he offered us the room on the second floor with one bed, but requested us to pay additional money. Finally, I have never seen so awful hotel with so bad service like “Airways” hotel in London. We spend a lot of money and did not get even reasonable service. I will never recommend to anybody to stay at “Airways” hotel in London, UKMichael, USA	
Mar 13 2006	My second stay (and still okay)	My husband and I have just come back from a one night stay at the Airways and after reading the posts here I had been a bit anxious to return after two years and apparent change of management, but it was fine!I had spent three nights in their &quot;small single room&quot; in May 2004 and though the room was very small (hence the name) it had all I needed and I felt very safe there.This time I had booked a double room and we were given what must have been a triple or a quad, nice and spacious with high ceilings. The hotel could do with a makeover and the &quot;bathroom&quot; is a bit of a joke, but what do you expect at 49 pounds for a double incl. tax and breakfast? The staff were very friendly, the room did its job (I don't go London to spend a lot of time in the room anyhow), the breakfast was okay (yes, baked beans are part of it - doesn't mean you have to eat them. There is a continental choice with cornflakes as well.) The location is great - a nice, light, &quot;feel safe&quot; area very close to Victoria train and coach station (e.g. for Terravision bus to and from Stansted) and a lot of &quot;major sights&quot; in walking distance. I wouldn't want to spend six weeks here but for a short trip I would return (and spend the money saved on theatre tickets).	
Mar 10 2006	Never again nobody should	We are a family of 4 (2 adults and 2 kids), stayed there for 6 nights (could not get any other hotel unfortunately). Nobody wanted to come back to the Hotel in the evening. The room was shabby, terrible beds. The bathrom was right from a ship or something, even the kids could not sit on the loo with the door closed. One could not turn in the shower, if u dropped something on the floor u had to stand outside to pick it up. Terribly simple breakfast. Bad tempered, unsmiling serving staff in the breakfast room. Nice people in the reception is the only positive thing about this hotel. Never again!! Advice strongly against staying at this hotel, my kids still have nightmares. We are travelling to London again this Easter and sincerely thank people who post reviews on Trip advisor.	
Nov 16 2005	Missleading information and an awful room	I booked a small single room from the own website of the Airways hotel. They underlined in internet that the room is small, but told that there is a toilet in the room, also a writing desk and a fridge.It was Saturday afternoon I got there. Immediately in the reseption they started explain me, that maybe I will not be satisfied with the room and I could change it (and pay a little more) on very next day.When I got in to the room - which shouldn't even call a room, I was sure I didn't want to stay there.The room was like a closet with a bed. No frigde, no writing desk and no toilet. Only a water basin and yes, there was a shower. Everything looked run down and there was some kind of ventilation channel, which was dirty.I could absolutely even think about staying in that room.I have travelled quite a lot and very often I book a room in advance using internet. This was something I had never seen before. I mean, I'm not a person who wants to have luxury a even near, but this room was really awful.When I asked about this missleading information in there website, they told me that the management has changed in May and they have had no time to update the website. That sounds very odd!I checked out immediately and started to look for another hotel. All the hotels were fully booked, but luckily I found one.	
Oct 14 2005	Airways Hotel not bad	Yes, the previous writers are spot on with there comments etc.. However, it is a great location and decent rates. The rooms are inter rail style not much more than a bed, TV, and a mini bathroom. Safe location, nice staff, even a modest breakfast included. Hey, who wants to stay indoord while in London anyways	
May 23 2005	very cramped and basic	We stayed there for 3 nights in Feb. 2005. The room was much smaller than anticipated. The bathroom was extremely small. They do not provide you with kleenex or wash cloths. The breakfast was good but expect to be served pork and beans (? typical for English breakfasts). The hotel is run down and there is no elavator, you may have to walk up 2-3 flights of stairs. The location was good though.	
Apr 18 2005	Grand	The photos of this place are a tad flattering. The walls are like paper, and the rooms are cramped.The toilets/showers were remindful of that on a ferry cabin. That said, its well priced, there is a good breakfast and nice staff. It is well located in a quiet area, a hop skip and a jump away from Victoria station. Near to Buckingham Palace also. For a short stay, this place is great, but if your going for a romantic weekend, look elsewhere, unless you are into that kind of thing!!!	
Mar 26 2005 	Cramped Doesn't Tell Half the Story	Everyone will tell you the rooms here are small. Believe them. I have traveled all over the world and am used to accommodations of all kinds. This room was so small I could literally touch all the walls. I could not use the bathroom in privacy because I couldn't fit inside and close the door. I am not clausterphobic, but the only way to endure a night here is to close your eyes and hope that there aren't too many emergency vehicles passing by while you're trying to sleep. On the positive, the location is terrific, lots of places to eat, in-hotel Internet access is useful, desk personnel were amenable. If you're trying to make your London visit on anything more than a shoestring, head elsewhere.	
Feb 16 2005	OK	If you are looking for somewhere just to sleep after you have been on a night out then this Hotel is ok if you are going to stay there for any other reason then dont stay here. The rooms are tiny and consist of a bed, about 2 inchs of floor room and a toliet that looked like a portocabin with the tinyest shower i have ever seen. It was clean though which is always something you need. The staf however spoke really bad english and i even had trouble booking this hotel. I phoned up 4 weeks in advance and booked 2 rooms, however when i phoned up 2 days before my arival to confirm my booking was still ok they only had me down for booking 1 room. I changed this to 2 rooms, but when i turned up on the day they still only had me down for 1 room, luckilly there was a room spare!!!!!! I really wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone	
Jan 17 2005	Good if your not used to staying in 5 star hotels	We were there from Dec 2004 till Jan 2005. Its very close to everything. The market is right down the street and the prices for food are really good, there are also some cafes and pubs within a 3 min walk. Theres a fridge in the room, and complimentry breakfast (which i enjoyed) so its easier to budget your trip. Our Hairdryer didnt work and we couldnt figure out the TV until the man told us you had to put in a code. They carried our bags up which were increadibly heavy. THERE ARE A LOT OF STAIRS.Our bathroom was tiny, pink, and plastic. We could only get the toilet to flush once every hour. The rooms were small, but not to the point where you couldnt move at all. They were very helpful when we had questions about how to get places, and got us a very good priced taxi to heathrow airport when we left.If you just need a place to sleep, breakfast, a 9 channel TV and arent used to staying in a 5 star hotel, then this is a great place to stay. Nice people, Nice neighborhood.... Best New Years!	
Jan 4 2005	Typical Brit Accomdations + Very Friendly/Helpful Staff	I stayed at the Airways Hotel in December 2004. Similar to a previous reviewers, when my travel buddy and I arrived, the desk clerk/owner only showed one reservation although we had booked two. However, in response to the look of distress on my face, the gentlemen immediately scarmbled and not only set me up with both rooms - but upgraded us to bigger rooms. There was no elevator, but the gentleman carried our ridiculously large bags to our rooms on the third floor and was very attentive to our needs. Granted, this isn't the Ritz, but it was clean, breakfast was more than adequate, staff was friendly and helpful. Plus, it was very reasonably priced! I travel to London with some frequency and I thought that these accomodations were fine....and they were within a ten minute walk from Victoria station and Buckingham palace. Enjoy your trip!	
Dec 11 2004	Unreliable hotel!	I made a reservation with the Airways Hotel (through a travel service) for my stay in London. I reconfirmed the reservation with the hotel about three weeks before my arrival. When I arrived at the hotel, I was told there was no reservation and no rooms available. When I showed the person at the front desk my conifrmation and my email from the hotel showing the reconfirmation, he told me that the person who signed the email no longer worked there, so he took the attitude that since there was no reservation and no rooms this was not his problem.When I asked him to make some calls to help us find a room; I was told there were no rooms available in the Vicotria area for that weekend and he gave the impression that he really did not want to be bothered.I walked around the corner and found a room within minutes.I would not trust any reservation made with this hotel.	
Dec 5 2004	It Could Have Been Worse	I had about the same experience as the reviewer from Boston, MA wrote about on 7/14/2004.There is little space, and the matresses (my room had two beds) were probably due to be replaced about 10 years ago. I understand that London is an expensive city, and that I booked this hotel with the understanding that it was in the budget category. But with the exception of the weekday daytime front desk guy (who was friendly and helpful) and one of the breakfast wait staff, I can find very little good to say about this hotel. Overall, the hotel gives off a feeling of unnecessary dinginess and stinginess. For example, the bathroom is small, which is fine given that it is a budget hotel and all, but the mold therein could have been kept a bay with a little Tilex or whatever, and that doesn't cost THAT much money to remedy.Other problems seem to be more systemic, such as the fact that at about 8:30 am (when, it would seem, everyone is racing to take a shower so they can make it to the dining room to take advantage of the smallish 1.5 hour breakfast window) the hot water altogether ceased to run in the shower and I was stuck, shampoo in my hair waiting for it come back, until I finally gave up and had to rinse off with ice-cold water. I learned after that to rise and shine before 8:00 am if I wanted both breakfast and warm water.Like I stated, it could have been worse, and if you need a place to stay it's livable but, London or not, there are better values and I would not stay there again.	
Oct 18 2004	Keep in perspective	Keep this in perspective- London in particular is expensive, and the rooms are small. Also, the buildings are old, so they might not have elevators, and the stairs are narrow.If you can remember those things, you won't have a problem with the Airways Hotel. My rooms (I had 2 different ones) were about 6 ft by 15 ft., with the tiny bathroom (plastic trailer add-on). Not much space for luggage. I'm 6 ft tall, and could put both palms on the opposite walls. Taking a shower was also very difficult at my size. But it was clean, very close to Victoria Station, (and walking distance to most everything) and in a good neighborhood. Breakfast was good, and the staff was courteous, and it was quiet.Since the only time I spent there was to sleep, I had no problem. If I had to entertain guests or spend more time in the room, it would have been a problem.	
Oct 15 2004	I'll stay there again	This hotel was great for the budget..not only the rate, but the fridge in the room saved us hundreds..we were able to pack a lunch everyday to take out to the sites. The breakfast was good, although I am not a fan of baked beans. Good loaction, great price, small room, very small bathroom, but who cares?? It is London!!	
Oct 12 2004	Fine for budget-seekers	Convenient location a short walk from Victoria Station. Rooms are clausterphobic, but hey, that's Europe for ya. Bathrooms are RV-style plastic add-ons. Breakfasts are edible but bizarre for American palates. (Baked beans at 8 a.m.?) Adequate, but nothing special. (I stayed in a budget hotel in Paris, and was much more impressed.)	
Sep 25 2004	Great Budget Hotel		
Sep 21 2004 	Great Staff Good Value and Internet Access		
Sep 15 2004	Good For Budget		
Sep 13 2004	It's all about money		
Sep 11 2004	Small but clean and convenient		
Jul 14 2004	keyword: BUGDGET		
Jun 15 2004	Great hotel at a reasonable price		
Apr 21 2004	Great Bargain Hotel		
Mar 30 2004	Airways is Super Charming!		
Nov 13 2009 	sconsigliato...		
Nov 4 2009 	Hotel aceptable si vas solo a dormir.		
Oct 12 2009 	Cutre relacion calidad-precio baja		
Sep 16 2009 	Zentrale Lage kleine Zimmer schlechtes Frühstück - na ja ...		
Jul 10 2009 	Estafado por el Hotel		
May 19 2009 	Vraiment à éviter		
Apr 7 2009 	SI vas pocos días a patear Londres...		
Apr 1 2009 	Senza lode e senza infamia...		
Mar 17 2009 	El peor hotel en el que he estado nunca		
Mar 12 2009 	à éviter à tout prix		
Mar 8 2009 	Détestable ! Epouvantable !		
Feb 8 2009 	El mayor frío de mi vida		
Jun 11 2008 	El hotel es un auténtico asco		
Jun 6 2008 	Absolutamente horrible		
Jun 3 2008 	Grauenvoll ist untertrieben :-(		
May 18 2008 	de pire en pire		
May 2 2008 	horror terror...miedo y asco en Londres		
May 1 2008 	Topo nel bagno		
Mar 20 2008 	¿A eso lo llaman habitaciones?		
Mar 2 2008	C'est un piège!!!! L'hôtel est délabré et sale. Ne surtout pas y réserver		
Mar 1 2008 	Katastrophal....		
Feb 6 2008	scarsa		
Dec 27 2007	NO COMMENT !!!!!!!		
Dec 11 2007 	Soggiorno all'Airways Hotel		
Nov 18 2007 	cimici nel letto		
Nov 9 2007	non lo consiglio		
Sep 27 2007 	No pages la habitación antes de verla.		
Sep 12 2007 	Les da igual las pésimas condicines en que lo tienen		
Aug 29 2007 	Desastre de Hotel		
Aug 17 2007 	roto y sucio		
Aug 13 2007 	Schlechtes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Jun 11 2007 	terribile		
May 12 2007	Acorde al precio		
Feb 1 2007 	Horrible hôtel vétuste - Photo non representative		
