Nov 4 2009 	Don't get a room in the basement.. :-/	The hotel is pretty good for the money. Staff not all that friendly. Location, good, easy to get to and from from the center. In nice neighbourhood. Free breakfast is reeeeealy not good, nothing fresh about it, canned fruit, dry bread, ect. But hey, its free.We had a basment room, and it was sooo damp and mouldy, my astma was acting up. We werent able to open any of the windows, it was really claustrofobic.. :-/ After one nights &quot;sleep&quot; in that room I could hardly breathe.. :-/ If you'd be so lucky, NOT to get a room in the basement, maybe your time there will be better.. :)	
Oct 12 2009 	A good value for a great neighborhood	We chose this hotel becuase it was the cheapest place in the area we wanted to stay in. The rooms were tiny, but they did have air condition.The staff was friendly, and they provided luggage check prior to checkoput. My only complaint was that we had a basement room with no view and an awkward step down that made lugging international luggage around. difficult The Continental breakfast was really good for a freebie. It was just your typical free hotel breakfast items.However, the coffee machine was awesome. Nothing better than a decent free espresso/latte/hot chocolate/ect in the morning. Also, The location could not be better. There is an undergound station just around the corner, plenty of eating and shopping, and within walking to distance to many well known tourist sites. I would definitely reccomend this place to others, and stay there again (requesting a non-basement room).	
Sep 23 2009 	GOOD STAY  BUT PERSONEL NEED CLEANLINESS!!	I recently stay in this hotel. Location was good, very close to the tube and bus stop. When we arrived the receptionist was not very welcome .... She gives us direction to the room and forgotten to gives breakfast times ,,, good it was written in the room key card holder. When we got to the room (139) lights were not working ,, they just blowed as soon as we switch them on ! I came down to informed the issue and two nice ladies came up with me and fixed it. One was the manager on duty and the other one Im assuming was the housekeeper as she did not have any name badge. Unfortunatley, when I approach the asian girl she was smelling bad and again I had the bad experience when I check out in the morning with the receptionist. Breakfast was good. The overall stay was good. I would just recomend the Managers to pay more attention to the hygiene of the personel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Extremely low quality rude staff	The hotel is not even close to what's on the photo.The lobby is quite shabby and worn-out. Staff was very rude and indifferent to my needs.Ask to see the room first,do not pay in advance. I got into an argument, I demanded my money back after I saw my room,the manager on duty refused to reimburse me,only when I threatened to call police did they offer a room that was a notch better and had a small balcony. I wouldn't give this hotel more than one star. The only advantage was its proximity to the tube station. The free wifi service advertised on their web site is slow and almost impossible to use. Do not stay there if you have other options.	
Sep 5 2009 	Poor condition and rude personnel	There was mildew smell in the room. My sister's allergy got triggered. The sink and the bath tub were clogged. The shower was covered with rust. The personnel at the reception was unfriendly and uncooperative. The carpet in the reception area was filthy.	
Aug 24 2009 	OK hotel if you get a good rate single rooms are tiny.	This hotel is in Earl's Court - not Kensington as name suggests. However the location is pretty good - very short walk to Earl's Court tube (3 lines) and lots of amenities in the area (including internet).Hotel claims to be 3 star but is more like a 2 star with a few extras thrown in (eg tea/coffee facility in room) - let down by the miniscule size of single rooms (doubles may be ok). If you are tall/large you will have issues with the bathroom in the single!Room does have in room safe, TV, airconditioning (altho mine didn't have a remote). Breakfast (included) is a basic continental. Hotel does have a lift and staff were very pleasant.	
Aug 5 2009 	good times in the city	I switched to this hotel after a rough experience elsewhere and was very pleased. The hotel is extremely close to earl's court tube station, and thus also close to many services and places to eat. The room was a good size complete with a comfortable bed, a painting on the wall, a tv showing 5 channels, a safe, and a kettle with tea bags and sugar. The bathroom was quite small, but was also very clean and the shower was warm and had good water pressure. All in all, I found the staff to be quite friendly, the hotel and area quite safe, and the room to be clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Adequate.	I booked this hotel on hotels.ca for two nights. We paid $320 CDN for two nights. London is very expensive, but I'm glad we didn't pay more. The hotel is very basic. Our bathroom fixtures were quite old and worn, but clean, as was the rest of the room. The room was very small but that is to be expected for London. Location is good as it is very close to the Earl's Court Tube Station. The air conditioning was difficult to use and the staff, while polite, weren't terribly helpful. There was a charge for the wifi and also for the lobby computer, so we didn't use either. Breakfast was fine. Oh, there was a sign not to drink the water in the bathroom, which made me wonder how you were supposed to use the provided tea and coffee service, but we just didn't bother with it. Overall the hotel was fine for our brief stay - we didn't go to London to hang around our hotel room. However, there is nothing special about this hotel. If you are just looking for a place to sleep, this will do.	
Jul 11 2009 	Very small but clean and good value for money	The room was very, very small, even by London standards. Ran the risk of burning myself against the heater when moving around the room and even had to sit sideways on the toilet. Not a variety of TV channels. Breakfast average. Hotel well situated, close to subway, supermarket, all amenities and a great Indian cuisine restaurant closeby. Will stay again, but only for short periods.	
Jul 5 2009 	okay but you get what you pay for....	You definitely get what you pay for in London, so at 48 euros a night, i didn't have very high expectations! the hotel is not really in kensington but in earl court, south of kensington, pretty far southwest of the city but easily accessible by train and just a 5-10 minute walk from kensington (shopping, gardens, palace, etc). The single room was really tiny but clean, just enough space for a small bed and barely room for the luggage. On the positive side, it was pretty clean, with air conditioned rooms (it was one of the hottest days in london when i stayed) and standard amenities like a hairdryer. the breakfast was very basic but sufficient, and 1st day of wifi was free. All in all, a good value for the price, but only if you don't plan to spend much time in your room!	
Jun 19 2009 	Adequate hotel at convenient location	I stayed for 1 night in a double room. The hotel is very conveniently located, just a minute or two from South Kensington station,and quiet apart from the inevitable Heathrow jets. My room on the lower ground floor was of adequate size - not large but not poky either – and very clean. It had all the essentials including a desk and,surprisingly, air conditioning and a safe. However, the lack of any opening windows left the room with a musty smell. On arrival I found the loo outlet was blocked (though the loo was clean) and the safe not responding, but the staff were very courteous and helpful and rectified both problems within minutes. The electrically heated shower was fine and spacious,but I struggled to get hot water in the sink. The Continental breakfast was pretty basic. Bearing in mind that the hotel is only 2* and is cheap by central London standards, it's decent value for money. However, next time I would probably grit my teeth and spend more for a slightly higher standard.	
May 25 2009 	Cheap enough but nothing more	The personnel is pretty much incompetent, a lot of them speak a basic english and don't know how to perform their job. Encountered extreme rudeness at the check in (problems with the credit card) and during breakfast (they started bringing food away while I was still picking from it).The rooms are very small but clean. Ridiculous thing, the aircon in my room was broken, so they had put there a portable aircon, which was filthy, made a terrible noise and because of this they had to lock the windows on a half open/half closed position. Also, it took a lot of space so I couldn't walk to my bedside but had to jump on from the other side. Can't understand why they didn't give me another room, since there was plenty of availability.The tube is just around the corner so it's very convenient. Also a couple of shops, restaurants and a pub in the area.	
May 19 2009 	Clean. Efficient. Simple.	We found this place pleasantly efficient and clean, recently renovated with newish furniture everywhere. Granted, we paid the advanced internet price from their website which was about half of what is posted on the wall by reception. If we paid that price (130 for a twin room) we would have expected more than basic. The room was small but reasonable, the lobby is nice, staff was nice enough, and the breakfast room is immaculate, very ikea-feeling, the food slightly above average continental standards. The only strange thing is the halls, which are narrow and have a ton of fire doors and confusing stairs. Those fire doors help keep the rooms quiet, though. I would only caution against people who either can't walk stairs or have especially heavy wheeled luggage. Very convenient location. When we asked we were given a voucher for free internet service that worked well.	
May 7 2009 	Handy location to Earls Court Tube Station	This hotel was very close to the Earls Court Tube Station, lots of eating places also very handy. Thr room was quite small but adequate for the time we were there. The location of our room meant it was very quiet.. Good breakfast provided.	
Apr 18 2009 	A Great Location	City Continental is a short walk to the Earl's Court Tube Station and that is extremely convenient. The neighborhood has restaurants, drug stores, small groceries, banks, and music venues nearby. We like a convenient location with useful amenities. The hotel itself was fine. This is a no-frills hotel. It is a fine place to sleep and get organized for the day's activities. We came to see London, not the inside of a hotel. The hotel did not get in our way. The rooms were very small but that is typical; the morning breakfast was fruit, bread products of many types, yogurt, juices, hard-boiled eggs. And good morning service. Nothing at all fancy mind you. The price was quite reasonable. The ad said free internet - that was true only for the first three days and then we paid - still a good deal - and we found it extremely useful to have the internet for planning. The telephone charged a minimal price for calls - we just made short calls to venues. I never expect much from a shower in a place like this but it had a good one.  We had no noise problems and we saw no rodents/pests.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great stay at a great price.	I spent one night at this hotel.I was pleasantly surprised how close to the &quot;Earls Court Station&quot; in order to easily catch the &quot;Piccadilly Line&quot; to Heathrow.I was in transit from Gatwick so had to overnight in London to catch my flight the next day.Receptionist was very courteous &amp; polite. They even tried to help me download my online boarding passes.The breakfast was fine it came with the rates in which it consisted of fruit,cereal,eggs,juice,coffee.The rooms were a little on the small side yet very clean.They have a closet,television,hair dryer, coffee maker &amp; complimentary tea &amp; instant coffee in the room.This place is the former &quot;Earls Court Comfort Inn&quot; . I booked this hotel thru &quot;londonnights.com &quot; That's how I received the really good rate.I enjoyed this place would definately stay again.It's at Earls Court just three train stops away from Victoria Station.	
Feb 16 2009 	Cockroaches - Beware	Dreadful - we were greeted by cockroaches in the bath and on the bedroom floor. We also had 3rd floor bedrooms. Shocking.We reported this to reception and their solution was to move us to another room. We said this wasnt acceptable and wanted a refund - we had literally been there 5 minutes. It is now a week later and I am chasing a refund.DO NOT stay - cheap is not also cheerful!!!!!!	
Dec 14 2008 	Good Hotel	Me and my mum have just got back from a weekend stay here. We were a bit worried after reading some of the reviews, however we were greeted politely by the reception staff.Our room was basic - two beds, desk, TV, clothes hangers and bathroom - but all were clean and tidy, beds were very comfortable, I loved the shower - nice and powerful. Tea and coffee making facitilies.Location was brilliant, less than a 2 walk to earls court tube station, restaurants and shops to suit all tastes along the road next to the hotel - wagamamas, burger king, nandos, mcdonalds, KFC and marks and spencers. Breakfast in the morning was continental and included in the price, wide selection of bread, toast, fruit, cheese, crossiants, tea, coffee, and juices.Overall, a very pleasent stay, nice hotel and great location. However, one down side was a few of the reception staff - the foreign ones were great, however the english employees seemed more interested in talking about their social life than talking to customers.	
Dec 1 2008 	Cheap but plenty of wildlife	We wanted a cheap but cheerful hotel in central London for a weekend of shopping/theatre and a decent night's sleep. On the plus side it is well positioned in a quiet area close to shops and Earls Court tube station but it had very tired decor and plenty of wildlife. We stayed on the lower ground floor and found cockroaches in our room. We were allocated another room which was again musty smelling, tiny and tired looking. Our complaint re the cockroaches was met with amusement by the reception staff who were clearly aware of the problem although their stories were far from consistent. Depending on who you spoke to the wildlife was blamed on both the garden and drains, and according to one member of staff pest control came in every 3 months but then we were told that pest control came in every month. Worryingly the breakfast room is on the lower ground floor but we were told they are moving it upstairs because of the cockroaches. Eventually our concerns were resolved by head office but even so, we would not recommend staying at this hotel.	
Oct 13 2008 	Value Hotel	Thought I should write this review while the experience was fresh in my mind.Looking for a value/budget hotel in London and reading the reviews was quite a daunting and depressing task. However City Continental (CC) is a gem.Location: Unbelievable close to Earl's Court underground, less than 2 mins. This comes in really handy after a long day of trekking across London Direct access by District,Piccadilly lines with excellent connections to Central and circle lines. I never had to wait more than 3 mins even in the rush hours.Security: Really safe area, felt safer than at home : ). Also rooms have a security safe. Breakfast at Hotel: Breakfast is as advertised, however beware its exactly the same menu everyday. I Stayed 7 days, by day 3 I had enough. Accommodation: For once the pics on the website were accurate. I had a single room which was a lot bigger than I expected. Room, bathroom(hot water at really nice pressure) , corridors were always clean, A/c included but you may have to ask the receptionist for the remote. Tv, coffee stand, hair dryer, telephone included........ and how could I forget WIRELESS Broadband. Staff is always helpful once they understand what you are saying and vice versa. Places to eat: Many restaurants and cafes on Earls Court RoadOther: Good pharmacies, electronic shops, internet cafes, excess baggage company, laundries/dry cleaners, travel agencies, banks, foreign exchange cambios.	
Sep 24 2008 	Noisy Shabby Hotel	This place typifies the old, rubbish London hotels that we, the poor unsuspecting tourists, end up in: our only crime to want for a reasonably priced room. Windows in my single room were old, old, old - a part of one came loose the last night. Unbearable noise emanated from an adjacent room the final night - I could hear everything &amp; I'm a heavy sleeper! Floors creak constantly, corridors are horribly hot &amp; the bath was slow draining out. It's no bargain here. The place has an air of claustrophobia and decay. I paid £65 a night for this privilege. Unfortunately, I was foolish enough prepay the whole 3 night stay. A small amount more would have bought a comfortable, modern double at Premier Inn, Kensington or at Holiday Inn, Kensington Forum. DON'T book this place. Don't encourage this shambolic, overpriced nonsense.	
Sep 12 2008 	Good value	This is not a fancy hotel, but it does the job nicely if you are just looking for a good value clean and simple room in the Earls Court area.Because of its good value I would say it is above average for its class.I was in a twin room with a friend and my only complaint would be that I think it probably used to be a smoking room as it still smelt a bit smokey, but presumably this scent will fade.Breakfast buffet was fine - no complaints.The staff were friendly and helpful.Overall a good choice for good value simple accommodation in a good location (very close to Earls Court tube).	
Aug 27 2008 	very nice hotel	Stayed at this hotel over the bank holiday Monday. We was going 2 see George Michael at Earls Court.Check in was very good, the girl was very helpful and give us directions to Earls Court.The room was very clean, just a bit on the small side.Earls Court was 2 min walk away and they have a nice high street with lots of shops and lovely Restaurants.All on all we had a lovely stay and would recommened to all.	
Aug 27 2008 	ok but not again	I stayed here for 1 night for the george michael concert. Great location but very poor room, very very small, floor was uneven (I fell) the toilet door was hanging off the hinges and it was very noisey in the hotel. Good point the staff were great!Enjoy...............	
Jun 10 2008 	Painfully Soft Twin Bed in Singles	I stayed here 4 nights May 27, 2008 onward. The new ownership has changed name to City Continental London Kensington and you may get better price going directly to their own website, http://www.citycontinental-kensington.co.uk/. The Good: location very good because of Earls Court Tube Station and Pennywern is a quiet street compared to other hotels in this price range situated on noisy streets such as Cromwell Rd. Sandra at the front desk is very helpful and saved my back by supplying four extra pillows to allow me to elevate my knees in order to relieve the horrendous back pain due to the inadequate and soft mattress! If you do suffer from occasional back problems, I advise against this choice. On arrival I asked why the hotel was so hot, and they advised me I was lucky I did not arrive in summer as it is more difficult to bear. I know some advertise this place as air conditioned, and, of course it is not! It is definitely a HOT house. Windows and doors are left open, and this, of course, is a huge energy waste. Apparently they are unable to temper the hot temps in this building heated by gas? Don't know why.I was situated in the back, so that was another good thing: I woke to birds singing rather than the rattle and rush of traffic. I walked a great deal while staying in this location (I stayed at several other UK locations during 2-week trip) because I needed to walk off the back pain. It is possible to walk to Victoria and Albert along with its neighboring museums: Science Museum and Natural History Museum...all free.There is inexpensive internet cafe upstairs, next to a bakery that sits directly across from Earls Court Road Exit of the Earls Court Tube. (This station has two exits, the other being closer to the Exhibition hall that has Dr Who aplenty at the moment.) As other reviewers have mentioned, it is a fairly fast and convenient Piccadilly Line ride from Heathrow Airport.Half a block away from the hotel is Marks and Spencer providing well priced easy meals. This is obviously very convenient! There are also many fast food options along the Earls Court Road both west and east of that tube exit. No reason to pay hotel 10 pounds for a continental breakfast. From pictures I see if I had been willing to spend more than over $500 for those 4 nights I may have gotten a larger bed, but I do not know if the mattress quality could have been better. Someone else will have to contribute that information. I saw the price per night double after my stay, so I would never recommend paying $200 per night for such a small room and most particularly not during hot summer weather. I will post pictures to give better idea of my room.	
May 25 2008 	OK in Earls Court	The hotel is conveniently located near to Earls Court tube station - giving convenient access from Heathrow. Eating places, launderette and pharmacy are nearby. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room and bathroom were clean and adequate size. We were given &quot;breakfast in a box&quot; because of dining room renovations which was a poor substitute. Even with a lift there were steps everywhere because it's a bit like a rabbit warren. Is just outside the London traffic congestion zone and has no parking.	
May 23 2008 	Not the best choice but still an adequate one	(+) Really nice,safe and cute neighbourhood, very very close to Underground station and bus stopA big busy road close to the hotel, where you find shops open even late at night (and by late i mean 11)Friendly staff, cosy hotelClean room and bathroom(-) The room was very small, but i guess it's small everywhere in LondonThe carpet was filthy, but i guess it's filthy everywhere in LondonVery strange way to get to your room, i will try to add a video. You had to go to the first floor, and then get down from other stairs and end up to the room that was at the back of the hotel through a strange corridor with many doors. Not a problem but it makes think how you'll be able to get out in case of fire or something :PKind of poor and crapy breakfast. Only cold stuff, exactly the same for all the seven days we stayed. Two of them we didn't even bother to join even though it was pre-paid and we ate out.The price. We payed about 90 euros per night and it was quite a lot for this hotel.	
May 12 2008 	Do NOT Stay here	As a regular visitor to Earls Court Area I thought I would try this hotel because the location for the exhibition Halls is excellent. I also booked in some of my staff... BIG mistake.The problems started on the first night, when asked &quot;as it is 7.30pm is my car OK outside the office overnight&quot; I was told that I must move it before 8.00am but it was OK where it was. on returning from our evening meal I discovered that my Car had been towed away and it would cost £260 to collect it! the hotel claims no responsibility despite 7 persons hearing the conversation.The breakfast room was closed so we had 'Breakfast' served in our room. 'Breakfast' was a kiddies Kellogg's box with warm longlife milk and a biscuit bar, at the end of our stay there were six boxes untouchedThe shower did not work, the room was hot beyond belief. Our friends rooms were damp.... if there was a fire in the place I guess we would have all fried as it is like a rabbits warren. The Staff spoke so little English our complaints fell on deaf ears. If we checked out early we would be charged... and at £160 per night this is NOT a cheap hotel.My advise stay elsewhere.	
Mar 23 2008 	Helpful staff good location	I just completed a 6-day stay at the Comfort Inn Earl's Court, now under a new flag and called the Citi Continental. On the whole I would recommend it, but be aware that there can be communication difficulties with some of the staff, who seem to have English as an additional language, or who have trouble understanding North American accents.Having said that however, I found the staff to be very helpful, even going the extra mile to let me check in early after a very tiring flight. They also took very good care of valuables which I had to leave in the office safe, since the in-room safe wasn't working. I originally booked in for a single/twin room but got a double instead for the same price, thanks to the early check-in. The room was on the third floor and thankfully there is a lift, which isn't always the case with hotels in old terraced houses. The room itself was quite cramped and in serious need of redecorating. I'd have a hard time imagining how 2 people could maneuver in the space, but for a single traveller it was fine. It came equipped with a TV, electronic safe, hair dryer, in-room hot drinks and an in-room air conditioner, which does need to be used. Even though I was there in late March during a cold snap, I did have to run the noisy A/C and/or leave the window open, which can also be noisy since it overlooks the street. I would think seriously about getting a third floor room in the summer!The bathroom was pretty impressive for a room of this size, with lots of elbow room and both a shower &amp; tub. A note about the hair dryer - it is hardwired and placed directly under the fire/heat detector, so the alarms go off every time it's used. I was assured that the problem would be fixed, but saw no evidence of maintenance work on the dryer or the defective safe during my stay.Everything was very clean and well maintained, and the bed was comfortable. A self-serve continental breakfast buffet was included in the price, served in a bright basement level cafeteria. The selection of food was quite good: croissants, toast, choice of cereals, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, cheese, jams, juice, tea and coffee from a dispenser that has a range of drinks like espresso or cafe au lait.The hotel provides both wireless and regular Internet access, for a price. The hotel's street, Penywern Road, is just off Earl's Court Road, and very close to the Earl's Court tube station. This part of Earl's Court is very lively with lots of shops, restaurants &amp; services. Don't miss the Masala Zone if you like Indian cuisine. The food is excellent and they have a budget earlybird menu.Security is good with a card swipe system and a staffed reception desk . If you have the patience to deal with the communication difficulties, I would recommend this place, which overall is something like a decent budget motel in the U.S. or Canada. Location and price are good, as are the general hotel amenities. The rooms themselves could use some work, but maybe with the new ownership, things will improve.	
Mar 10 2008 	Good location but very shabby	We stayed here for 3 nights and although the location is good the hotel was shabby to say the least! The lift wasn't working for the whole of our stay so we had to climb 3 flights of stairs every time. There was a smell of something rotten at the top of the stairs which was there throughout our stay despite telling the reception staff. The room was tiny, there was only enough room for one person to walk round the bed and no more. There was also a damp patch an the ceiling next to the window.	
Feb 18 2008 	Freezing outside boiling inside	This hotel was reasonably priced and in a good location, and the staff seemed friendly and efficient. We had a room on the third floor. It was very small, and the furniture and fittings matched the size of the room (feet hanging over the edge of the bed!). A small portable TV perched on top of the wardrobe so that the only way to watch it or change channels was to stand on the bed. But what made the stay really uncomfortable was that the temperature of the room was unbearably hot, even though it was freezing outside. We opened the window fully from the moment we got in, turned off the radio, and slept without blankets or a top sheet but still woke at 7 because of the heat that appeared to be coming up through the floor boards.	
Feb 17 2008 	Shabby	Throughout our 3 night stay, our toilet only flushed once. We had to 'flush'it using the shower. Repeated complaints to the reception staff and the manager got us nowhere. Each morning as we left the hotel, we were told that the problem with the toilet would be sorted out but it never was. The hotel was full so we couldn't move to another room. The manager offered to let us have his room but it was only a single room! The room was like a sauna and overlooked the air conditioning units on the flat roof so we dare not open the window for fear of being robbed. The entire place was run down and very shabby. Our stay there was not an experience that I wish to repeat. The breakfast was ok.	
Dec 13 2007 	Decent place to stay	We had 3 day business trip to London and finding good price and decent hotel seemed like a nightmare. I was reading the reviews and one seemed worse than other:) But we got lucky, thank god:) Good area, decent and clean rooms.About the hotel: we were pleased when we arrived, as the staff was very friendly and nice, as well the rooms were clean and decent. 1 double room and 1 twin, price was 9-11.dec : £51 + £56, including taxes and breakfast. It was booked through booking.com.Breakfast room was on the lowest floor, looking like canteen, but very clean and nicely warm. You can find: boiled eggs, cereals, musli, corn flakes, jams, croissants, buns, bread, butter, coffee, tea, juices, water, cheese and some fruits (compote/canned). We were postively suprised. Rooms quite small but clean: comfy beds (clean and not broken), clean sheets, 1 cupboard, 1 table and chair. In our double room we had balcony:) I liked long mirror on the wall, plus smaller one above the table. Bathroom was good size, nice towels, clean, shampoo+shower gel on the wall, hot and codl water working perfectly. Small mistakes: uncomfortable pillows, tiles in the bathroom were moving when stepping on them (but they were not broken, funny), floors made sound (seemed to have the whole London problem:))On overall, I really recommend if you dont look luxuries but rather clean and nice decent hotel with very good price. Btw. one good site is [--], where you can see the map with hotels and with starting rates.All the best,Kadi	
Oct 17 2007 	Nice Hotel	I have to say that I was comfortable in this hotel. The bed linen was crisp and clean and the bed was comfy to sleep in. (Although it seemed like the floor wasnt cleaned very often!) The room was like a sauna most of the day and I can imagine in the summer time being very very warm in this hotel. It was weird to find in my room that the sink was actually outside the bathroom. The only big problem I found was that I was woken a couple of times in the night by people walking around. The TV reception in the room was good and there were plenty of sky TV channels to watch. Breakfast was lovely too and had a range of food on offer. The hotel is very close to Earls Court underground and some cafe and shops which is great. I would recommend this hotel and would go back to again if I found a cheap deal!	
Oct 13 2007 	Right at the price	We looked on trip advisor to find ths hotel, and it was just as i expected. Very clean, small room. Bathroom a god size, though one could smell the mold problem around the window. first floor room, quiet enough except when people went through the fire doors, which were heavy and banged shut loudly. The breakfast was very overpriced at 5 pounds, we mostly ate at local cafes. Some wonderful restaurants and pubs in the area, particularly La Pappardella on Old Brompton Rd., wonderful Italian food!I agree about the blonde clerk, she was unhelpful and dim, but the rest of the clerks were helpful..The location is wonderful for tube access as well as long walks around Kensinton and Westminster. I would recomend it if you are on a budget and not planning to spend much time in the room	
Oct 11 2007 	Good location not a great hotel	I stayed here for one night as it was close to where I needed to be for an early meeting the next day. The Comfort Inn is in a great location, just round the corner from Earls Court Road and the tube station. However, the hotel itself requires a bit of TLC. My single room was old with flaking paint on the paper thin walls and the bathroom was not as clean as it could have been. I was disturbed several times during the night by other guests walking past my door who were not necessarily being overly loud but it sounded as though they were walking past my bed. Not a great experience and I would not recommend it if you need a comfortable bed and a good night's sleep	
Oct 7 2007 	awful experience terrible receptionists	upon arrival in the &quot;comfort&quot; inn hotel, i was made feel so unwelcome by a blond haired receptionist, she had absolutely no manners or decency and threw my room key at me.i was appalled and i have never received such awful treatment and i have stayed in some substandard accomodation.the luggage room is practically on the street and i would imagine it is not monitored very often.the room was wardrobe size, i booked a double room and when i protested to the receptionist her attitude was take it or leave it.i have to say i have never received such amateurish and shoddy treatment in my life.	
Oct 5 2007 	It was horrible	No security on left luggage - when there is, some other idiot had walked off with the key and the cupboard was unaccessable.Marble steps outside dangerous in the wetRoom tiny - walls paper thin. We had a downstairs front room and people sit on the front step until the early hoursBreakfast ok, if you like the &quot;school dining room&quot; style of decor	
Aug 13 2007 	No Comfort here!	We booked Comfort Inn Earls Court based on all the positive reviews we read on Trip Advisor. However, we were very disappointed. We booked 2 twin rooms at this hotel. As we arrived early, (check in was at 2am), reception told us we could put our luggage in their storage room. We were provided with the key to open the room which was full of suitcases and again, upon our return, we were given the keys to “help ourselves”. One room was on level 2, the other room on level 4. To arrive at level 4, one must take the elevator to level 3, then walk up a narrow spiral of stairs. It was so tight, our suitcases did not fit up the tiny passage way. We then requested another room. One was available on level 3. The room was hot, stuffy and smelly. Even though it was raining outside, the hotel felt like a sauna…unbearable heat. To use the air conditioner you must pay a 5 pound deposit to obtain the remote control. The air conditioner sounded like an aeroplane taking off and remained like that the whole night. My mum and I did not sleep a wink in 3 nights. Rooms are small and rundown. It looked like the room had not been cleaned in months. The window sill had a 5cm build up of dust, the curtains had turned brown and smelly, the carpet had not been cleaned and was stained, the walls were dirty, the quilt was stained and the toilet did not flush! When we told reception about the problems, they simply said there were no other rooms available and we had to wait until Monday afternoon for the manager. It was Saturday and we were checking out on Tuesday!You are constantly being disturbed by people in the corridors. At 3am, a drunk man was screaming and knocking on doors. Quite scary for 2 women! Positives: breakfast was average – cereal, crossiants, toast, coffee and hot orange juice. Also great location – near Earls Court Station, pubs, cafes, supermarket, post office and restaurants (McDonalds, Burger King, KFC, Dino’s Italian Restaurant). We would not stay there again or recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 2 2007	Great location... Not a bad hotel either.	I booked the Comfort Inn at Earls Court through Expedia as a last minute trip, staying four nights in total. It was one of those hotels that always came up in searches on the numerous occasions that I'd gone to book a trip in the past. With that in mind I thought to myself it can't be great if there's always availability. Swayed by a cheap deal and the mantra of it being the best of a bad bunch I booked nonetheless. Thankfully it offered a pleasant surprise.I've stayed in many London hotels, from the high end 'posh' hotels to the cheap and nasty budget hotels. As anyone who's stayed in London before will be aware - you get what you pay for. Rooms are often small and cramped in comparison to what you might get for the same money elsewhere in the UK or abroad. If you've never been to the capital before you ought to bear this in mind so as not to ruin your trip with a cheap but tiny hotel room.The hotel itself is based on a quiet residential street off Earls Court Road. It's location couldn't be better. The tube station is a five minute walk around the corner and is served by the Picadilly Line (with connections to Heathrow) and the District and Circle Lines. Earls Court Road itself offers a plethora of shops and eateries; from the quintessential supermarkets of M&amp;S and Somerfield to a rather large Boots pharmacy, McDonalds, Burger King, KFC, a few pubs, cafes and bars. There's also a Post Office which is great for sending any postcards - that's if people still do that nowadays.Upon arrival at the hotel I was greeted by a warm and friendly receptionist - foreign, naturally, but helpful and polite and not the atypical receptionist you find in some London hotels. The foyer itself is clean and bright with a vending machine for cold drinks, some chairs and a PC for Internet access. As a single traveller I plumped for a single room. And that, precisely, is what I got. Located on the first floor, room 131 was a rather small room with a single bed, desk, chair, storage area for clothes and a small ensuite bathroom. It was clean and practical with a TV and adjustable air conditioning. I rarely use my hotel room in London for anything other than sleeping or watching TV before bed so it served my needs beautifully. My only gripe with my room would be its location in the hotel. It was at the end of a corridor next to the main stairwell so everyone could be heard trundling past first thing in the morning. It didn't bother me that much but I expect if you were a light sleeper it would trouble you immensely. One other issue I found was that the towels were incredibly small. Fine if, like me, you are of relatively small build but not so if you are particularly large. A minor gripe for me nonetheless. Likewise, the shower in the bathroom was rather small and certainly would have proved difficult to negotiate for anyone who happened to be overweight or of larger build.I paid around £50 per night for my single room and that didn't include breakfast. It was optional at £5 each and I didn't try it so can't comment on the quality. I think a continental breakfast was all that was on offer anyway. I'd definitely stay here again purely for the location and the fact my room was comfortable and more than adequate for my needs.	
Jul 6 2007 	small but nice	Mario, CroatiaMy wife and me stayed in this hotel in June. We choosed this hotel by Tripadvisor so we knew what we could expect from this hotel. The total rate is above average because : very kind and helpfull staff, very close tube station, lots of shops and supermarkets in the surrounding, on the way to Heathrow.It is worth trying to understand the London bus routes because you can see nice parts of London from &quot;above&quot; ( Chelsea, Kennsington, Notting Hill..) and few routes are going by just around the corner. We were surprised for the quitness of the Pembroke street by night . If you are a young couple, staying in London first time, staying in room just over night , this is the right place for you	
Jun 28 2007	Would Recommend	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Earls Court for 5 nights in June. We had a lovely time. The staff was very friendly, the room was clean and the size is fine for European hotels. The tube was right around the corner, and there were many restaurants of all types on the main street one block away (pubs, chinese, thai, etc.). The only complaint I had, believe it or not, was the hairdryer. I recommend that you bring your own hairdryer (with a converter if you're not from the UK) just for your sanity. Otherwise, we had a very nice stay.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great hotel great value	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on the front end of our European trip and for 1 night at the end. Both times, the rooms were fine. The bathroom was clean, the beds clean and comfy. Breakfast was average. Reception staff tried to be helpful but they were not the sharpest knives in the drawer. Love the location - so close to the Earls Court tube. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer on the corner too! Great little pub nearby where we ate a couple of times - very nice. Also a nice breakfast place across from the tube. Busses run nearby as well. Also a Boots Pharmacy nearby. I will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 8 2007 	Convenient Location Small room	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Earls Court in a single room for 2 nights in January 2007.The hotel is located very close to the Earls Court Tube station. You take the Earls Court Rd exit and turn RIGHT. The hotel is on the left side of Penywern Rd - about 3 minutes walk from the station exit.I think it was off season and I paid about 48 GBP per night for a single room. I had a room facing the courtyard so it was relatively quiet outside and I slept like a baby at night. Room was clean but small (as I expected). Floor was creaky though. Amenities in the room were OK - Dove soap, shampoo, hairdryer, hot water pot, coffee &amp; tea.Breakfast was continental. Buffet style but limited choice and self service.You could buy groceries (water, pop, sandwiches, fruits, etc) from a supermarket on the left side of the Earls Court Tube station exit. There are also a few restaurants and fast food outlets (McDonalds, KFC, Subway) around the tube station on Earls Court Rd. I would choose this hotel again if the rates are reasonable.	
Apr 13 2007 	Like Home Sweet Home !!	I stayed in Comfort Inn Earls Court in Mar07 with my husband for 5 nights. From the moment I picked up the phone to make the reservation, the staff was very friendly and welcome. I made my reservation with Sylvia. Very friendly and sociable person. I received my confirmation by email within 10 minutes and she even send me a travel directions map !!! ... On arrival date, I met Ana. She was very helpful with the tours and knows about the area !! she managed to gave us the room earlier that the check-in time, which I really appreciate very much ... The room was quiet small, but is was clean and comfortable. there was a/c and safe box ... Breakfast was OK, I would have prefered to have English breakfast but anyway it was good. On the departure date I has the pleasure to meet Sylvia. Spanish lovely lady, helpful and extremely friendly ..who was at the time dealing with a very difficult guests !!! My overall experience was good and I would definitely go back to COmfort Inn Earls Court !!! My best regards to Sylvia and Ana	
Mar 31 2007	No Frills At All.	I left this hotel after 1 night as I was originally booked to stay for 2 weeks. It was cool for a short stay but not for 2 weeks. Lobby’s nice, rooms kind of scruffy. Very basic no great décor but livable. I was looking for something more so I left. Breakfast was very basic bread, canned fruit, tea, cereal. Bathroom was clean but suspect. Internet service was charged by 2, 4 or 24 hours and not a good deal price wise if staying for a long period of time.	
Mar 29 2007 	Small Rooms	We have just returned from a long weekend in London. Having stayed last December in the Comfort Inn Victoria thought this would be a good choice as we wanted to vist the museums in the local area, we were wrong. The rooms as very small and rundown, although the bathroom was clean. The carpet was stained as was the bedcover. We were in a room on the ground floor and were constantly distrubured everytime someone used the stairs or lift. The only good thing about this hotel was its location. We would not stay there again or recommend it to anyone but would be happy to stay at the Comfort Inn in Victoria.	
Mar 6 2007	Hated every minute	W e stayed at this hotel for three nights 2-5/3/07 in a room on the ground floor lookin at the rear of the building.T he hotel is not what the price they charge tells you.Very small room hardly room to move no wardrobe,smelly bathroom,dirty walls and generally very poor looking place.Breakfast was basic and poor to any other European standards.I would not recomend this place to anyone.Pay a bit more and stay in a decent place	
Dec 1 2006 	Clean convenient good breakfast	Okay, the rooms are tiny, but they are clean, the hotel's 2 min from the Underground station, and the breakfast, included, is better than most hotels. Not sure if I'd pay full price for a room, but I thought the 50 pound / night charge was reasonable.	
Oct 14 2006 	No Surprises/Good Location	This is a typical small London hotel with small rooms. Good location (right around the corner from Earls Court underground station). I have stayed in Earls Court area previously and the area has plentiful restaurants easy transportation (District &amp; Picadilly lines). Housekeeping was good and room was air conditioned (YEAH!). Breakfast is continental and is included. It has what you need when staying in London.	
Aug 13 2006 	A nice place to stay	I spent four nights in this hotel. Since the hotel is only about a minute away from the tube station, It's an excellent place to discover London. The hotel consist of two old houses which have been reworked into a hotel. My room was a single room on the second floor, facing the street. It was clean with fresh colors. Not too large, but didn't expect anything else: A small corridor along a bathroom, a small table and a bed. There was an air-conditioning unit present, as well as a small safe. One small problem I had was with noise: the floor was squeaky (carpet on top of parquet, I assume) and with walls made of cardboard, sounds of the neighbouring rooms got in too easily. But since I left early in the morning and got back late in the evening, it didn't bother me that much. The breakfast room itself looks like it has recently been redesigned: it looks very clean and clear, which is great.Since I was up early, I was one of the first people in the breakfast room, so I don't know how crowded it can get and if there's much breakfast left later on. Anyway, there was a wide variety of options available: croissants, piccolos, toast, cornflakes, fruit salads, boiled eggs, yoghurt, a variety of coffee/tea/juice flavors.The staff on the reception desk was very friendly, and the cleaning staff also did an excellent job.All in all, I was quite satisfied with this hotel. I'd consider going here again if I ever go back to London.	
Aug 8 2006 	Clean Convenient Great Value	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Earl's Court with my brother for six nights between July 28 and August 3. We had a twin ensuite room - comfortable beds and nice sized bathroom. The room was kept very clean during our stay. The front desk staff was very friendly and the ladies in the breakfast room worked very hard. With so many people coming and going in the morning, they handled the turnover very well - always a clean table waiting for the next group. The neighborhood seemed like one of those up and coming ex-working class areas. Lots of renovations going on in the nearby homes and there are some nice restaurants on Earl's Court Road.You can't beat the convenience of the two-minute walk to the Earl's Court Tube Station. A hop on the District Line will get you right to the heart of London. If you're flying into Heathrow, the Picadilly Line will get you to Earl's Court in about 40 minutes.I would definitely stay at the Comfort Inn Earl's Court again.	
Jul 21 2006 	CleanFriendlygood area	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Earls Court for 3 nights from July 13 - 16 2006. I booked this hotel because of a) its proximity to the Earls Court Exhibition centre, as we were attending a concert at that venue and b) our budget. I certainly wasn't disappointed on either count!Firstly, the hotel is literally only a 2 minute walk from earls court tube station which is on the picadilly line, direct from Heathrow airport. Very handy indeed. Checkin was swift and the staff were very helpful with any questions we had for them. The room was small but that goes for every hotel room I've ever seen in London on that budget (we paid EUR100 per night for a double room). The room was absolutely spotless, with maid service every day. The air conditioning unit an added bonus due to the heatwave when we visited. The complimentary breakfast is more than adequate also, plenty of toast, cereal, juice, pastries, tea/coffee. The area the hotel is in felt very safe and has a plentiful supply of restaurants/bars to cater for all tastes. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 15 2006	Not impressed	Not pleased with this hotel. Tiny &quot;family room&quot;, so small we had to store some of our luggage in the bathroom (which also was very small).Every morning the water dissapered (they told us it was because of construction work going on outside the hotel) for 2 hours between 8.30 and 10.30.Room was clean and the AC worked fine.The area the hotel is situated in is not the nicest, and there are nothing to do in the area, but the tube is nearby, only a 3-4 minute walk from the hotel.Breakfast was nothing special, just toast and jam basically, and very bad cofee.I don't think we will stay at this hotel again, and will not recommend it to others.	
Jul 4 2006	Met our expectations	We stayed here at the end of our 3 week Europe trip. We chose the Comfort Inn Earls Court because of the comments left on Tripadvisor and it was very affordable. The hotel definately met our expectations (London budget hotels can be a nightmare). The room was clean, quite and a good size. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The best feature about this hotel is its proximity to the Earls Court tube station, literally two minutes walk from the hotel. The street that the hotel is on is quiet but, you're just steps from a main street that has restaurants and grocery stores. The main lobby is very nice but, the corridors leading to our room were narrow and a little shabby (although they are doing some upgrades and construction in them). The room was clean and the bathroom was large and clean. The breakfast was adequate. All in all we were pleased with our stay in this hotel and may consider choosing it again when we go back to London.	
Jun 13 2006 	Friendly a bit run-down bad area	For the average traveller, this hotel offers a basic place to stay. It's less expensive and has a friendly staff. The room is small, and everything is a bit run-down. There are a lot of shops and eateries near by, and it's a close distance to the subway. The area is not as good, especially at nights. This reviewer was unfortunate enough to have stolen his wallet from his jacket (while sitting on it) at a McDonald's near by. In conclusion, this hotel might suffice for lenient visitors.	
Jun 12 2006	Avoid if possible	I only stayed here one night (thankfully), and was glad that I did not have to spend too much time here. On the plus side, the hotel is very close to the Earls Court tube station, so getting there is quite easy. With a large suitcase and backpack it took me less then 5 minutes to get to the hotel from the station. The Comfort Inn is anything but, the inside of the hotel was like a sauna. The hotel was quite rundown, and is greatly in need of some renos. I booked a single room as I was travelling alone, but I was still surprised at the size of the room. It was very long and narrow ( I could almost touch the opposite walls with my arms extended. Carpets in the room were stained and the room smelt a bit funny (especially the bathroom). Thankfully the bedding was clean. I was lucky enough to have an air conditioning unit in my room as it was quite warm that night. Unfortunately it was extremely loud, and I could not find any controls to adjust it, which made falling asleep a little hard. The fire/door alarm that went off at about 3:30am didn't help much either. The clerks that checked me in and out were friendly enough, although in the morning there was a rather shabby looking man in the back office that kept on yelling at the young lady that was checking me out. For the price I paid (aprox $140 CAD), I did not find this hotel worth it, and would not stay here again.	
Jun 10 2006 	Nice hotel in great location	Stayed at the Comfort Inn, Earls Court for three nights in the last couple of weeks. All one night stays so I saw three different rooms.The hotel is in a great location, literally a 90 second walk from Earls Court tube station - exit the tube station through the main entrance, turn right and walk 50 metres, turn right again and the hotel is 50 metres down the street on the left hand side. Earls Court tube is served by the District and Piccadilly lines so very useful for getting to all the sights.Plenty of shops on Earls Court Road with every fast food outlet you can imagine and lots of nice eateries. Boots chemist is just outside the tube station and a Marks &amp; Spencer food shop at the top of the hotel street.The hotel itself is very good - don't expect Hilton / Radisson standards but I found it to be clean and comfy. Front of house is very pleasant, lift clean and tidy. The rooms are small (as other reviewers state) but are clean and tidy with TV and tea/coffee making. The bathroom was not one of those horrible cubicle things that you see in so many cheaper London hotels and there was great water pressure for the shower.The hotel claim to be in the process of fitting air conditioning to all rooms and all three of my rooms had A/C fitted. I can't say that I noticed aircraft noise any worse than what you get anywhere in London (you're certainly not sat at the end of the runway) and there is no noise from the Underground.I stayed here three nights and i'd certainly stay again!	
Jun 8 2006	London has better to offer... surely?	It was our first stop on a 5 week trip and without doubt the worst hotel we stayed in. Watch the movie &quot;European Vacation&quot; and you get an idea of the style of hotel.We spent 4 nights here so we were stuck (pre-paid) .The rooms could not be any smaller. Couldn't open the bathroom door fully because the bed was in the way. The double bed was 2 single beds roped together. The blankets are the same ones they used during WW2. Hot stuffy and a/c useless. The carpets were stained and had not seen a vacumn for weeks. Arrived at midday after 23hours flight from Australia. Shattered! No room ready until 3pm. Returned at 3pm but still not ready waited until 4pm.Put our lugage in their storage room... returned to collect and was given the key to help ourselves.No in-room safe and advised by hotel not to leave valuables in room... so requested valuables to be stored in hotel safe. They were just stored on a shelf in the hotel office.Positives: Close to Earls Court, restaurant strip and supermarkets.Some of the reviewers must be associated with the hotel. How can you get such a range of reviews from Terrible to Excellent... You can't talk-up this hotel with a straight face!	
Apr 22 2006	would not recommend	I have just back from a short break in london and wanted to share my thoughts with you on this hotel.I booked Earls court comfort inn based on the reviews on this site which seemed all in all to be pretty postive.I wasnt at all impressed i went with my partner so had double room and father he had single room.The rooms were very small and no space for your belongings they were not very well kept.Both rooms were very noisy my father specially at night when he could hear the planes going over his room.The worst thing i found was the unbearable heat in the rooms and hotel the radiators were not on it made us feel ill.And it has not been patically hot during my stay although the rooms have a fan obviously there is a problem with ventalation.I found breakfast basic toast, cerials which was self serve and all in all i have stayed in much better acommadation in london for the same price.the only positive was it was only a 2 min walk to tube but would not recommend or ever use again.	
Apr 19 2006	Very Nice Hotel good location.	We stayed at this Hotel on April 2006. Our overall experience was better than expected. The Hotel is located in a nice area with stores, restaurants and pubs. Best of all is that it is just a few steps away from the subway station, or if you feel adventurous you could take the 30 min. walk to London main downtown area. It is actually pretty enjoyable, especially after a hearty breakfast. Which would be in my opinion the only point that needs improvement: food variety at breakfast could be better.Overall, this Hotel is worth the money!	
Apr 18 2006	Recommended	We stayed at Earls Court for 3 nights over easter-holidays and got a reasonable rate booking over the internet (68,- GBP/night incl. breakfast) and I think it was good value for the money. I start with the cons, most of them already mentioned before: rooms are small but ok if you don't have esp. bulky luggage, the shower is small too (you stand pretty close to the curtain with your face...), room-temperature was very high - we turned the heating down in the room and hallway and left the window open all the time (it was early spring, how about summer...?). There is no AC just a fan.Double-bed pretty small for two - you have to really like eachother - (not even sure it was 1,40m in size)maybe think about going for a twin...Our room-windows were very dirty, need a cleanover. One of our reading lights was not working.At times the room was a bit noisy: you heard other people slamming doors and noise caused by the aircrafts going to Heathrow (but then we left the window open all the time...)Breakfast not too special, but ok, better than I found it elsewhere (but I guess Germans are very picky about that ;-)) - including as much as you like: toast, croissant, jam, nutella, cheese, cereals, butter, boiled eggs, juices, coffee, tea, milk, yoghurt, fruit-cocktail.Now the pros: Great location, nice neighborhood, good starting point to all tourist attractions (District and Picadilly-tubeline right around the corner) and very close to nice areas like Notting Hill, Kensington...Shops and restaurants very close by, nice, friendly and clean area, seemed safe, nice airy tube station (District Line). Friendly staff, except for one blonde lady - from the Eastern European? who was a bit - let`s say - shortspoken but not all offending or anything like that (not that it is a specific attribute for Eastern Europe- don't get me wrong!), but the rest of them very friendly, welcoming and helpful. Clean room and bathroom - much cleaner than I expected it to be! We had a room on first floor facing the backyard, very sunny, green, just nice. (There are rooms in the basement though, I would not accept one of those). We could store our luggage in a small luggage room on arrival and departure day for several hours for free which was very helpful. Overall, we had a wonderful stay (even considered the cons), found it to be very good value for money in Central London and would recommend it to everybody who can arrange with the minor negative things mentioned above. We had a wonderful easter-weekend!Have a nice Trip!	
Feb 26 2006	Convenient and reasonably priced	We found the Comfort Inn Earl's Court to be the perfect home-base for our style of travel: it's a safe, clean location very convenient to public transport and walking so that we had a place to sleep and then get out to see the sights of the city.I had been concerned about finding reasonably priced accomodations for our stay in London and figured going with a &quot;chain&quot; such as the Comfort Inn would minimize our risk.We got a very good rate and the location worked out very well. Planning to tour London mainly on the Tube, the Earl's Court location is in our opinion, one of the best places you can be - with quick access to many of the different train lines and sites nearby. We also found the neighborhood to be great with many restaurants (Thai, Chinese, Italian) and English pubs around.As other reviewers have noted, the rooms are small and very basic - but for the price, we thought it was quite a good deal.	
Feb 13 2006	Nice Hotel 	We stayed at this hotel during our trip to Europe. The room was quiet small compared with the ones in USA ... isnt Silvia???? you are from South America !!! rooms are big!! but clean, valued for money and very accessible to get from/to airport and city centre.The staff was very welcome and friendly. There was always a smile on their faces . We felt we were at home!! ... We would like to take this opportunity to say that the latin receptionist was very helpful with info about the area &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;. She also have a funny acent!! but she is very very nice .... all the ladies were polite and extremely friendly ... very good job manager !!! can i have a job?Breakfast was fresh every morning ... very nice breakfast room ... Stefano was very friendly and always joking ... The overall experience was excellent and we are planning to go back in June definately!!!!	
Dec 30 2005	Nice hotel close to metro station	We stayed in the hotel from Nov 22-Nov 26. The room was definitely smaller than a comparable hotel in USA, but had enough place for our 3 large suitcases and us. The bed was also on the smaller side, but was as comfortable as any other hotel bed is. The staff was friendly at all times. We had our 3yr old daughter with us, and all the staff was very nice to her. The room was very neat and tidy and was cleaned thoroughly everyday. The bathroom had a nice size shower tub.The breakfast was a little better than the &quot;packaged breakfast&quot; I have found at other hotels. It included among other things(like yogurt/cereals/juice/coffee) boiled eggs and toast.The only cons were, my room wasn't directly off the elevator. There was one flight of steps to manaeuvr before I could get to my room. And because I was travelling with a lot of luggage, it wasn't easy! The other problem was, my room didn't have wireless access. But the staff had agreed to shift my room, but I didn't want to deal with all that. There is also a computer in the lobby for internet access. And a cheap international call center was about 3min walk from the hotel(right across Burger King).The tube station was only a 5-7min walk away. There are lot of eating choices(though none too special) closer to the hotel including Burger King. A Mark and Spencer grocery is just 3min walk from there, which provided us with fresh milk and juice and other snacks for my 3yr old. I would definitely stay in this hotel again. For the price I paid, 68GBP/night, I think the hotel is definitely worth the money.	
Dec 26 2005 	Not bad but...	Everything seemed ok. But the last days we descovered that the staff made this &quot;inspection&quot; in the room everyday while we are out. They actually search for all over your personal things!	
Dec 16 2005	Not bad at all...for the price!	I stayed at this Hotel on the 15th December 2005, after travelling down from Nottingham, to see COLDPLAY @ Earls Court. For the location to the concert venue, &amp; tube station it would have to score 10/10. It's a minutes walk away from both - whilst being on a quiet, side street.The hotel itself, is clean, tidy, &amp; the staff very friendly, &amp; very helpful. My room (A double) was however very small, with just enough space to walk around the edges of the bed. The TV, was a small portable, mounted at a ridiculous height, in the very top corner of my room - I got a pain in my neck from tipping my head back far enough to see it.The en-suite bathroom, was excellent - as I would expect to find it in ANY hotel.The 'buffet/continental' breakfast was adequate, only let down by the fact the milk for cereals wasn't fresh, &amp; was the awful tasting cheap UHT variety.However, I did get this room at a really excellent price of £61.00 - which is exceptional value for the centre of London. The location was as said 1st class, &amp; in a nice little area.If your staying in the Earls Court area, &amp; plan to just use your room/hotel as just a place to sleep - you'll be hard pushed to find better value.If you want a hotel with large rooms, &amp; lots of on site facilities/things to do (Bar, Restaurant, Pool, Gym..etc) stay elsewhere.	
Dec 13 2005	very good	I agree with the other reviews: this hotel is above average. You pay very few pounds for a great service. Great location (I didn't believe a hotel can be so near to a tube station), great service (breakfast was good and you can take what you want each times you want, during the breakfast time). Room was large, not as Marriott, but above average of English hotel: we can put our luggages without feel bad. The bathroom was clean, everyday, with a good bath. I didn't see anything bad during our 4 days holidays. Sure I'll come back to this hotel. Very good choice. Only at the reception we have some problem with English, 'cause sometimes we don't speak very well or the guy can't understand 116 or 160 (the number of our room) :) . Not a problem!	
Nov 8 2005	What a Great Find! Great Deal 	I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of October. I've travelled to Europe before and know that we can not compare hotel ratings&amp; expectations to our North America's standards. But what a nice surprise this place was!It is perfectely located (quiet and safe street) just a 2 minutes walk to the Earl's Court tube station. A small Mark &amp; Spencer-Ready to eat- store is located right by the corner (open at 10 and close late in the evening) and some great restaurants in the area.We were 3 and had reserved a triple/family room. It was enough space to put 3 luggages (3 girls..so not small luggages :) and still have room to walk around. The bathroom was huge for European standard and was really really clean!! This was really important for us! Hairdryer in the room.Breakfast was included which serves croissants, toasts, cereals,fruits, juices, hard boiled eggs and coffees so I thinks it's a better selection than the Standard American Continental breakfast. I booked via Hotel(-) and it was 212$ CAD per evening for 3 people. The staff were really nice and pleasant too. So in conclusion, I would definately return and would recommend this to others....	
Oct 31 2005	Nice hotel handy location	Last weekend I stayed in this hotel for the fourth time in a year's time and again I had a good stay. The staff is friendly, the hotel room is clean and the location is perfect with a tube station and local shops just around the corner. I think the hotel is good value for money. I've searched for cheaper hotels in this and other area's, but the cheaper hotels don't get such good reviews as this one. I booked on the hotel's own website and paid 51 pounds for a single room per night, it was the best deal for this hotel I could find.All rooms seem to differ in size. Twice I stayed in a single room. These rooms were quite small with a single bed. Twice I've been upgraded (without asking for it, so I think they do it when there are double rooms available, which is nice). The double rooms are better, although they are not spacious either and the double bed is definitely not a kingsize. One double I stayed in had a bath and airco. The other rooms didn't. This time I stayed on the ground floor at the very back. The room had french windows and a little balcony and was facing a garden. It was very quiet at night (at the front you sometimes hear a bit of street noise if you sleep with open windows). All rooms have coffee/tea making facilities, a safe and a hairdryer! I would definitely recommend this hotel to people who want to stay in a clean, 'inexpensive' hotel that's situated in a nice and safe area with local shops and with a tube station just around the corner. If you don't expect a spacious room and don't mind the fact that you sometimes hear other guests because the floors are squeaking and the doors are slamming, then this is the hotel for you!	
Oct 15 2005	good value	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Comfort Inn. The hotel is good value for the money as hotels are expensive in London. The room was clean and the staff helpful. The one big negative is the size of the rooms, my husband hit his head a couple of times on the t.v. shelf. You really have no room to navigate or a place to put your suitcases. The location and area are good with Marks and Spencers food store right on the corner. If you are leaving for Heathrow and don't want to take the subway phone for car to take you to the airport. It worked out to 38 pounds and was a direct drive there. We had a bad experience with the local advertised shuttle service they do not show up when they say and the cost was 4 pounds cheaper which was not worth the aggrevation.	
Sep 29 2005	Good value for your money	Even though this was my first trip to London, I have to say this hotel was a good value for my money. Knowing that most budget hotel rooms in London are small, this place was clean and convenient. We stayed on the first floor of the hotel facing the courtyard for 5 nights and we're able to sleep easily every night. The bathroom was clean and was decent sized. It is very close to the Earl's Court tube station and night buses run right to the station door for those who are out partying late, so we never needed to take a taxi anywhere. The breakfast was adequate and included things like cereal, fruit, and toast. Overall, I think American travelers would feel comfortable here assuming you are ok with staying in hotel chain-like places.	
Sep 27 2005 	Could do better	I have to say this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in anywhere in the world. Very small single room with uncomfortable bed and hardly had a wink of sleep in 7 days. Stayed on 4th floor and lift only went to 3rd which meant having to carry heavy case up a spiral flight of stairs. Bathroom however was very clean, and the hotel was handy for tube, but I don't think overall that it represented good value for money.	
Jul 27 2005	Great place to stay in London	We stayed for 5 nights in London at this hotel. Just a half block from the subway station, lots of local shopping (real people not touristy). Room was small but sounds like everywhere in London is. Staff friendly. Room was clean. Included breakfast (toast,fruit,cereal,coffee,juice). No noises from traffic in our room. My wife's biggest problem was no washcloths! Great area to stay in London. We will come back and stay here again.	
Jul 6 2005	Be Careful of Your Belongings	This is not too bad for a budget hotel. The rooms are clean and the staffs are very helpful and friendly. I would stay out of this hotel in the summer because there is no air condition and it can get quite warm at night. I would of rate this hotel a little higher if our souvenirs didn't get stolen. Even though we were compensated for our lost, we were not comfortable with the staff cleaning our room after that incident. If you can afford a little bit more for a higher class hotel, I would suggest you do that. If not, this isn't a bad hotel to stay in. You get what you paid for.	
Jun 19 2005	Excellent Hotel	I just returned from staying at this hotel from June 13-18. Must say, I'm quite impressed by this hotel. I've stayed in London before, but this hotel really was exceptional for budget rates. Upon entering the hotel, we were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel was quite clean and welcoming. We got to our room, a bit narrow in the hallways for luggage, but upon opening the door, the room was very inviting, and very clean. A nice size as well since most european standards are on the small side. However DO NOT expect it to be like our North American sized rooms, they are not even close. They are very quiet, beds are comfortable and the TV was decent. I should clarify that although they indicate it's satellite TV, there are only 3 channels from Satellite, the rest are normal. There are only about 12 channels. I didn't mind however my spouse and I were too busy spending time outside the room to care. The bathrooms are full standard, very deep bathtubs ladies!!The breakfast room is very clean, breakfast was served plentiful with many breads, croissants, boiled eggs, cereals, fruits, yogurt and cheese. This was very helpful as it can be quite expensive to eat out. So, we made sure to have a hearty breakfast before setting out. Now, there was one down side, it was very hot in the room due to the lack of air conditioning. If you do go in the warmer months, ask for an extra fan, they supplied us with one and it made a big difference. Also, the asian receptionist at the desk may be friendly, but she is not very helpful and her english is a bit off, you may have a difficult time having her understand you. Overall, I would return to this hotel again and recommend it to anyone else who stays, the location was excellent and very enjoyable.	
May 15 2005	Excellent Location!!	We had no idea where to stay in the London area. We read review after review plus factored in prices and decided on the Comfort Inn Earls Court. We had a good friend who lives in the London area and when we told him where we were staying he thought it might be too far out of the city. Needless to say, he quickly changed his mind once he saw the location. The hotel is honestly 200 steps from the Tube Station. The station is great too and many lines run from the station so its easy to get anywhere in London. We were first time visitors to the city and found it incredibly easy to get around. We took the tube everywhere!! The hotel has a ton of restaurants nearby (try the Blackbird, excellent Fish and Chips!) even American food for the picky eaters. The McDonalds two stores down from the tube station has an internet cafe upstairs so we were able to email our friends back home. The hotel is small but extremely clean! We couldn't believe how much effort they put into cleaning each room. The rooms are a bit small but we had a ton of luggage and still plenty of room to walk around. The hotel only gets about 5 TV Channels so hopefully that isn't a priority for you. The breakfast isn't huge but it did fill us up every morning. Toast, cereal, eggs juices and muffins.... it was all very good.I would definitely stay here again. It was an excellent choice for an excellent price!!	
May 6 2005	Nice days in London	We stayed here for three nights in May 2005 in a triple-room with a small but functional and clean!!! bathroom.The hotel is very close to Earls Court Tube Station with lots of shops and restaurants on the way. We didn´t hear any noise from the Tube in our hotel!!! This place was nice with friendly atmosphere. You get a beautiful clean!!! room, nice location, helpful staff and an excellent Continental Buffet Breakfast.Check In 2:00 p.m Check Out 11:00 a.mW´ll stay again!	
Apr 28 2005	April 2005 stay	Our stay at the Comfort Inn Earl's Court was quite pleasant. Rooms were small but adequate. We had a front room looking over the street but it was quiet at night. Our friends had a room overlooking an alley but they said it was also quiet. Breakfast was a basic continental one with boiled eggs, cheese, cereal, rolls, cressants, jelly, juice, and a very good coffee machine where you could get several varieties of coffee and hot chocolate. We booked through hotels but feel we could have gotten a better rate through another site. This hotel is located quite conveniently to a tube station which makes it quite nice. The personnel were very nice and helped all they could with any problems or questions. For a two star hotel is was above average.	
Mar 17 2005 	Surviveable for the budget minded!	Stayed here on business in April 2004 (yes, i work for a very tight company!!) i think we paid about £60-70 for the rooms. Overall, as with most sub- £100 hotels in london, only really a good option in comparison to sleeping on the street and not in any way an enjoyable experience for itself!Good points - good location within walking distance of kensington high st and reasonably quiet area. Breakfast was quite varied and i think they will do cooked if you pay a supplement. Room was clean.Bad points - Large overhead shower head, which fell on my partner while he was showering nearly knocking him out. Staff didn't seem the least concerned or interested. Bathroom and our room very small ( a double); my colleague had a single room which was basically a broom cupboard. Decor very tired and basic. TV didn't work. I think our expectations were unrealistically raised by the website we booked through which claimed &quot;recently refurbished with modern decor&quot; - i think not!! Room was overheated and stuffy even in April. Window was a sash type with no fastening which given that the room faced onto a courtyard type area with fire escapes nearby did not make me feel secure.In summary, would be OK for a couple of nights if you were on holiday in london, but if you can't spend more than this and you're on business, go home to sleep!	
Mar 5 2005	Our Best Budget Hotel	We stay in budget hotels because after all, how long are you in the room? We also love London and try to go every year, so price is a big consideration. The Comfort Inn at Earl's Court was probably our best choice yet. It couldn't be closer to the tube, maybe a 45 second walk. Ear's Court is a great base camp from which to explore London. Room was small but what else is new. Bathroom was nice with a window that opened in to a courtyard. had a small problem wiuth the heater and it was an exceptionally cold trip, but we just snuggled up until it was fixed the next day. Last time we inquired the prices were a little high, (we had used this hotel through a Virgin Atlantic Vacation package) Can't go wrong here and we would stay there again.	
Jan 1 2005	More Comfort Inn Tips	Just an additional note to a previous review. The tube pass that was referred to is called a &quot;travelcard&quot;. If I remember correctly, you may get them for different lengths of time. If staying more than a day or two - spend the $ to get one. They were available at Heathrow for around 22GBP (for one week) and cover the tube and bussing system. Also, the Chinese restaurant at the end of the road that was referred to was excellent.This is a great area and the Comfort Inn staff was very pleasant during our stay. Also, dont be afraid to ask for various discounts, they just may accomodate you. We were given one. We fully intend on staying here again on our next trip to London.	
Nov 30 2004	Comfort Inn Earls Court met my expectations	Just returned from a great stay at the Comfort Inn Earls Court (Nov 20 - Nov 28, 2004). Most of the reviews on this site are on point. The hotel is indeed ideally situated. It's right around the corner from the Earls Court tube which houses the District and Piccadilly lines. These two lines connect to most of the others making transfers easy. You can get directly to and from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line. Around the block you'll find: Marks and Spencer Simply Food, Burger King, Boots convenience store, and loads of cash points/ATM's just to name a few.My travel companion and I stayed in non-smoking room 133 which was nice. It had two twin beds and a large bathroom. It was smaller than US accommodations but totally comfortable. It had a TV, mini fan, hairdryer, tea pot, and desk. It faces a courtyard so don't expect a view. There's another room right across and you may hear their door slamming shut. Other than that, it was pretty quiet. I booked this room thru Virgin Atlantic ($106-US a nite) and it included breakfast. The breakfast consisted of assorted breads, cheeses, cereals, juices, yogurt, boiled eggs, fruit cocktail and a 7-11 style coffee machine. It had everything from cappuccino to mochacinno to hot chocolate. I recommend this hotel and would stay there again. By the way, if you'd like to see a play, I recommend Agatha Christie's The Mouse Trap at St. Martin's Theater (Leicester Square). It has been running forever and is really entertaining. You can buy your tix directly at the theater even same day. If dancing is your thing, check out Brazilian club Guanabara in Holborn or Living Room in Brixton on Saturdays.	
Nov 3 2004	Great place for London which is expensive	My husband and I spent 7 nights here 10/17/04-10/24/04 and had a very nice time. Rooms were small but many rooms are in the UK and europe so that was expected. The bathroom was roomy and had a nice shower and deep bathtub. One thing that was not great was that the doors to each hotel room slam shut and if you are a light sleeper like me it will wake you up in the AM and PM. The other thing that was weird is we were in a non-smoking room but the room next to us was not and we actally could smell smoke through the walls. After spending time in places where everyone smokes it was gross to have your room smell smoky too. I guess I am spolied in California. The staff was very nice and helpful when needed. Rooms were very clean, beds comfy, tea/coffee in the room, hairdryer, TV with plenty of channels. Someone mentioned the rooms were hot which is due to steam heat. I woke up the first night from the heat but you can turn both of your heaters off in the bedroom and bathroom. You can also keep the window opened for fresh, cool air. The breakfast was nice with juice, coffee, tea, toast, fruit, boiled eggs, cheese, yogurt. Since London is expensive, this was a nice benefit. The hotel itself is in a great location and literally a 3 minute walk from the Earl's Court Tube Station. The tube was a great was to get around. We took it *everywhere* . If you are planning on going lots of places (lots of tube stops) you can get an &quot;all day&quot; tube pass after the rush hr (930am) for about 4 pounds which is a great deal since if you pay &quot;per ride&quot; it can be 2 pounds per ride. There is also another pass(not sure of the name) that you can get to ride the tube and all of the buses for a flat fee. As far as what is around the hotel-there are several small stores and one great grocery store on the corner where you can get drinks and snacks,etc.. There are also fast food places close bar as well as several friendly bars that have mostly aussies working in them. We met many nice aussies that were bartenders. Also, a few streets up there is a great Thai food place on the left near the Llyods bank. Next to the Thai place is a great Indian place too. One indian place to avoid is &quot;Indian Summer&quot;-the worst Indian food I have ever had!Overall, a great trip to the UK.	
Oct 25 2004	Very comfortable great location and service.	An independent first time traveller to London, I came back with a very positive experience at the Comfort Inn at Earl's court. The location is great, literally 2 mins from the Earl's court Tube station. Also, this hotel is off of a very busy street, so very safe to walk at night, there is a pharmacy, local grocery store, bus stop, Mc Donalds, Burger King etc at walking distance. I was upgraded to a one bedroom double occupancy room without asking for it, staff was very friendly and helpful, and the room in great condition. The bathroom was also very spacious and clean. My stay included complimentary continental breakfast which was well served. I would encourage travellers to give this hotel a try -	
Oct 17 2004	Location Location Location	We stayed at this hotel 15-16 Oct 04, and have just got back today. The hotel isnt fantastic but what do you want from a 2 star hotel. The rooms were clean, but needed upgrading. The breakfast area was modern and well presented, its just a pitty they didnt carry the decor on to the rest of the hotel, otherwise this would have been a different review. Staff very friendly and knowledgable. Location very good, easy train/walk to various destinations. Good food to be had everywhere within 5 mins walk, from Nandos, kentucky, Macs, Burger King,Dinos (Italian) etc etc We also found a really nice chinese restaurant (1 min) at the end of the road, doesnt look much from the outside but the food was great.if you want a good hotel in a good location with good shops/pubs and restaurants then you cant go wrong with this.	
Sep 13 2004	Good experience	We stayed here in July 2004.Not for the claustrophobic -- tiny rooms and hallways, but our room was clean and appeared newly refurbished. Nice breakfast room on the lower level with a well-stocked breakfast bar. Wehad a triple room (1 double bed, 1 single) whichwas convenient for our family size. The hotel is right around the corner from the Earl's Court tubestop, and the neighborhood is residential with numerous restaurants, convenience stores, a pharmacy and laundromat nearby. A good 'base'to use for a visit to London. We would stay hereagain.	
Sep 2 2004	Great breakfast tiny rooms	I stayed here in June 2003 with my mother and daughter. The rooms were very cramped. However we stayed an extra night after having travelled around England and they gave my mother a single room at no extra cost as they didn't have a triple available. I found the staff friendly and helpful and the breakfasts were great - it was possible to have a big feed and make sandwiches for lunch as well. And it was all very fresh.	
Aug 12 2004	Great Stay		
Jun 9 2004	Needs a re-vamp		
Jun 1 2004	Very good choice		
Apr 18 2004	just what the doctor ordered		
Mar 4 2004	Good stay		
Jan 19 2004	Awful poorly decorated shabby room and mould in bathroom		
Dec 10 2003	Not serious with reservations		
Nov 20 2003	Very small rooms		
Oct 7 2003	Disgusting		
Nov 5 2009 	Klein aber sauber		
Oct 11 2009 	Decente		
Oct 9 2009	pasillos y baños		
Sep 16 2009 	Agradable hotel para presupuesto reducido		
Jun 27 2009 	Hotel tranquillo in posizione strategica per viaggiatori senza particolari pretese		
Jan 3 2009 	???????????????		
Oct 31 2008 	economico e carino		
Aug 31 2008 	Me esperaba algo más...		
Jul 19 2007 	Alors...?		
Jul 14 2007 	Primo soggiorno a Londra...non male!		
Jan 1 2007 	prestations correctes		
Aug 11 2006	Un hôtel à recommander :-)		
