Nov 19 2009 	Great hotel  great location	Stayed here while sitting exams in Clapham. First room I was given in the Copthorne wing was a bit pokey and dark so I asked for some lamps as I needed to study. The manager called me and moved me to a much better, brighter room in the Millennium wing. The staff were very helpful and kind.The room was very clean and comfortable with a lovely bed, nice furniture and a flat-screen TV. I had room-service a couple of times. One of the meals wasn't great but the other was lovely, so a bit hit and miss.I didn't try the health club as I thought £25 was a bit steep for a quick swim!I would stay here again though as the hotel is fine overall and the location, being a 5 minute walk from Fulham Broadway tube was great.	
Nov 6 2009 	excellent value and location	stayed here on 26th october for three days and was very impressed. upgraded to club room and availed of the breakfast-very good too-and the complimentary bar in the club lounge (only complaint was the canapes-all gone when i got there).rooms were very nice ,modern and comfortable. i also booked a massage for my wife and i in the chelsea club ,would highly recommend it , lovely spa and very nice staff.staff in the hotel were also very nice and efficient. the location is ideal for sightseeing or travelling around london,fulham broadway less than ten minutes walk away. also a good selection of bars and restaurants in general area. would definitely stay again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Very good for London!	Stayed for three nights on my recent holiday. Was provided an early check-in (about 10 a.m.); the room was quite comfortable; the air-conditioning was fine, no glitches! Stayed in the Copthorne wing; the property is within Chelsea's grounds. The Chelsea megastore is a couple of minutes away. Fulham Broadway is the nearest Tube station (10 minute walk max.); plus, there is good bus coverage on Fulham Road. Few stops away from Wimbledon and a couple of stops from Earl's court (if you were travelling from Heathrow).Fantastic value when there's no football on at the Bridge!	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice hotel with nice staff.	If you’re visiting Chelsea for a match or just staying in the area this hotel is a nice place to stay. It is located next to the football stadium. On match days you will probably have to park at the nearby Fulham Broadway tube station but it’s easy to walk between the two. This will cost you about £30 a night. If you park at the hotel I think it’s about £25 a night. The rooms are clean and tidy but possibly a bit on the small side if you have lots of luggage. Breakfast was nicely served and of good quality. The staff were helpful but at check-in they will try and sell you the Club package for £40 extra which includes breakfast and free drinks between 5pm and 7pm. Just make sure that you need this and don’t be afraid to say no. Obviously because of its location the hotel is surrounded by lots of shops and places to eat out. I would stay again no problem.	
Aug 21 2009 	Very nice - steep bar prices!	Lovely hotel, good food on site from both Marco Pierre Whites and Frankie Detorri. Great little newsagency opposite.	
Aug 21 2009 	Requires organisation	We stayed for a week and found the tube at Fulham Broadway handy for all parts of London. The first thing we found lacking was the lack of information in the room of attractions in the area of the hotel or general attractions and sights in London. The buffet breakfast was pretty good with very friendly and helpful staff but unforttunately there seemed to be a distinct lack of orhganisation. The staff were obviously very busy running about but almost every day we had to grab someone for coffee or toast.The room was very good and well maintained. The first night we arrived we tried Frankie's restaurant next to the hotel. We did not bother for the rest off the week. Pretty poor show. There are plenty of good pubs around doing food. The internet connection vie the television is appalling and expensive for the service you get. I gave up after five minutes and then followed days of annoyance from reception regarding my bill after I had gone down and explained the problems right away.  I would stay there again but I would be better prepared to sort any problems early.	
Aug 18 2009 	OK but a few small changes could make a big impact	We booked a club package, (Millenium) on arrival offered an upgrade to a larger room. Turned this down, because the picture on the web site of the &quot;club&quot; room showed lots of space, sofa etc. So was disappointed when the room we were in was small with one armchair. The layout wasn't ideal either, very little room between the bed and desk. They should not put misleading pictures on their web site. Anyway, as we were going to be out most of the time we decided not to make a fuss. If they'd just offered a free upgrade that would have been great! Why was there only one bathrobe? When we asked they said there is only supposed to be one, but they'd provide another no problem. Lots of people have mentioned the staff attitude, on reception would say they were civil without being welcoming. Had to make a phone call to get card for free internet (and then they wanted me to go and collect it from the Copthorne concierge!) - why couldn't this have been handed over on reception?. The club lounge was air conditioned and quite chilly, with blinds pulled down making it feel a bit sterile it would have been great to sit outside at some tables in the warm evening sun, which looked perfectly possible (unless there are licensing issues). In the club lounge diferent staff on different days - two out of the three women were very friendly and attentive, the other was civil. The so called &quot;hand made canapes&quot; were simply fancy packets of crispy bites. Having said all that, the place was quiet, clean, cool, well located for eating out and transport, and for £70 pp per night a good value proposition. Have stayed in several worse places for more money in London	
Jul 13 2009 	Disappointing!	Had booked a double room but were allocated a very smart twin. Went to speak to reception and told by very rude duty manager we had booked twin, eventhough we had paperwork to prove otherwise. Were given disabled double room in unrenovated part of hotel, very tatty and dark, no bath, low basin. Went back to speak to duty manager who assured us he would deal with our problem whilst we were out. Returned to hotel at 23.45 and no one knew anything about our problem. Matter unresolved, following morning duty manager denied promising to resolve the matter and was again very rude and defensive.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent hotel would definitely stay here again	Went to this hotel with 3 friends for a girly weekend, we arrived at the hotel at about 11am and although we were not supposed to check in until 2pm our rooms were ready. We went at to our rooms and were really impressed with the size, cleanliness and facilities in the room. The complimentary toiletries and bottles of water were a nice touch. Also being all girls we were happy that there were plenty of mirrors for getting ready and even an ironing board and iron in every room, there was a basic hairdryer in the bathroom which was fine for me, professional ones were available on request.We did not have breakfast or use the spa so cannot comment on these.We had a nice meal in Frankies Bar and Grill, although one of my friends wasn't happy with her flattened piece of chicken, it filled a whole plate and came with a small salad, could have done with some chips or something.Overall really pleased with the hotel and would definitely recommend to others. We got the train into West Brompton and were able to walk to the hotel from there, it took a while to get into the centre of London about 40 minutes by tube.	
Jul 9 2009 	No Complaints but no Cheers either	Stayed here for just one night in order to go to Queens for the tennis. The location was very good for that purpose. It was also a short stroll to some decent restauarants in Chelsea. The hotel was a very good rate for this part of London - £95. (parking overnight was £25 - and of course it's in the dreaded congestion zone so plus £8)We stayed in the cheaper 'Copthorne' wing. It is completely devoid of any character but for our purpose fine. Rooms were adequate and clean. What little we saw of the staff gave us an impression of efficiency but the whole place had a very 'off season' air. I guess its much livelier in football season.	
Jul 2 2009 	Absoutley Faultless hotel.. Brilliant stay	We stayed at this hotel from Friday to Sunday.. I have to say I was so impressed. I really didn't think it would be so fabulous but it really was. The staff were excellent, maid service daily. Breakfast full English buffet style was superb, there was also a choice of continental and cereals. Our rooms were fabulous, so clean and modern.The hotel location was great, within walkin distance to the Fulham tube and also bus stop not far from hotel number 14 takes you right outside Harrods. We dinned at Frankies just outside the hotel which was bloody fantastic...This was inexpensive considering it was a Marco Peirre White class dinner.. Overall I can't fault this trip. I have actually booked to go back in September..	
Jul 1 2009 	Basic Hotel minor service issues excellent gym	Gym: the most luxurious part of this hotel experience; for 25 pounds/person, be sure to indulge in the pool and spacious 5-star gym facilities which included boxing bags, weights, stretching equipment, cardio equipment and yoga space. Rooms: Basic, clean, small; must request razor or toothbrush which is then complimentary (bring your own hair conditioner); the wardrobe is awkward with hangers hung up front to back rather than side to sideHotel Set up: A bit confusing with two towers; check in at Copthorne Tower, concierge in Copthorne tower; the Millenium tower reception doesn't offer much service but you can buy internet cards from them and check out with themService issues: upon checking in, we were told that we had already checked in. Basically there was another guest with same first, last name staying for a different period of time. Took 20 minutes to sort out before we were given our room. 4 days before we were due to check out, we got a call around 5:30 a.m. that our airport ride was downstairs - the staff obviously did not flag the double name when the potential problem was first discoveredIn one instance, we approached the reception desk at Millenium tower. Receptionist was talking to colleague. When we began to speak, we were asked to wait. We listened in on them sorting out their internal issue after which receptionist was ready to serve us.Service staff in the Cafe 55 were all smiles for us each morning - a delightful way to greet the day.Location: 20-30 minute walking distance to Harrod's, King's Road, Battersea Park; 5 minutes to the nearest tube station at Fulham-Broadway; nice area for foot-explorations. Zone 2 for the Metro system.Overall: if you want a basic, clean hotel in quieter location, this is good choice. Not the best value for the price though, but maybe for London, reasonable.	
May 23 2009 	Really excellect base for the Chelsea flower show	Stayed here based on the reviews on Trip advisor. Didn't disappoint. Dead handy for the King's road. gave it a 4 star for location because unless you are going to football or have another reason to stay in Fulham, it is a bit out of the way to get to central London. Really, really friendly staff who always smiled and said hello. I got a room for £92 through the Copthorne's own website which included breakfast. They have a price match guarantee. Also booked a bargin spa treatment at the health club next door. £40 for an Elemis hr treatment! This deal is also available on the hotel's own website.If you want to use the fitness facilities you have to pay £25. The spa stays open really late till 8pm, so had a treatment then went to bed!!! I didn't do this - but it may be an opportunity to spot a Chelsea WAG or two as evidently this is where they hang out. I used the local David Lloyd club located in the shopping centre attatched to the tube station which is a two minute walk down the road as I am a David Lloyd leisure member.I walked down the King's road to the Chelsea flower show. Thankfully for my wallet, none of the shops were open! This took about 1/2 hour.The beds are fantastically comfy. Slept really well. I overheard a conversation between a bloke who was staying to do a stand at the Chelsea flower show and his friend about the cost and ease of internet access in the hotel. It did seem astronomically expensive to use the internet in your room! Breakfasts were good, with a good selection of items. I will be staying again. For £92 it can't be beaten!	
May 20 2009 	Quiet clean and a little off-center but definitely recommended for any football fan!	My father and I stayed at the Copthorne Chelsea for four nights and found the hotel to be extremely comfortable. Located on the outskirts of the posh Kensington part of London, it is close to Hyde Park and not too far from the center by bus/tube, although we just walked. It is located on the grounds of the Chelsea Football Club, which was the selling point for me, being a big footy fan. We paid something like $345 for four nights on Orbitz. The room was a little bit on the small side (so were the beds), but the quality was absolutely top-notch. Flat-screen TV, the works. The couple of gripes I had were mainly related to the cost of extra amenities: the gym, although said to be the same one Chelsea players use, cost GBP25 per day and Internet could have been cheaper as well. Access cards were GBP4 per hour, although there are cheaper options available via the machines in the lobby if you don't have your own global wi-fi account. The room included a fridge (a good option for travelers on a budget, since the area has quite a few grocery stores). Not much by means of entertainment directly around the hotel, aside from Frankie's Grill on site, but all of London's attractions are easily reachable on foot (about an hour to Piccadilly) or bus/tube (Fulham Broadway station). Would definitely come back again. The staff is friendly but could speak slightly better English (largely Eastern European).	
May 15 2009 	very impressive	Back in February, my boyfriend and I were planning a trip for our anniversary so we decided to go to London. Since it was our anniversary I wanted to stay somewhere nice but within my budget. A lot of the hotels during the time were fairly pricey as it was spring break when we were planning to go. As I searched using different third parties I found a pretty good deal on expedia at this hotel. It was the Club Double which gave us access to the lounge providing free breakfast and unlimited drinks from 5-7pm. We stayed for 4 nights and five days and the total was only $528.00; which I thought was a very good deal since most decent hotels were charging at least $200 a night and with breakfast included was going to cost an additional $100 a night. I'm more than sure you can get breakfast in London for 2 for less than $100 a day. After booking the hotel my only concern with the hotel was whether or not they got my reservation details because there were some reviews that said they didn't and that the people at the front desk were fairly nasty. I still decided to take a chance and hoped that wouldn't be the case. We arrived at the hotel at 6pm and concierge was very friendly and very welcoming. In fact, she offered us an upgrade to the Club Executive Room for only an extra 20GBP a night. We took the offer the room was perfect! We were booked in room 1517, had a king size bed with a couch, spacious, in room safe, iron, and the bathroom was bigger than I expected. We had plenty of towels and bathrobes, along with complimentary cookies, tea, coffee, still and sparkling water, and free internet but in order to get online you need an access card from the front desk. My boyfriend and I were so impressed with the room we wanted to see what the lounge was like, after all it was happy hour at the time. We got downstairs and the lounge was very nice. The seats were very comfortable, large flat screen tvs, and the waitress was very nice. At the time the only choices of alcoholic beverages were Heineken and white wine. The wine was pretty good and they served a good amount of as the glasses were big. They also served us a small plate of h'orderves; which was delicious and a beautiful presentation. Breakfast was great as well. You were able to get a full breakfast from the menu and help yourself to the buffet. The menu was the traditional eggs, hash brown, tomatoes, sausages, and mushroom. The buffet had a variety of fruits, cold cuts, cheese, pastries, cereal, milk, and juices. They even had the little jars of jam. Our stay here was just great. The only downside to it was that our room got a little stuffy at times and the thermostat wasn't the greatest. We'd turn it down to the lowest temperature but the room was still very warm. We didn't watch much tv but if you want to know we had about 10 channels and some of the channels you weren't able to hear because there was a lot of static. Other than these two factors, my boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and I would definitely come back and recommend it!	
Apr 28 2009 	Good service	Stayed at this hotel twice now, most recently in Feb 2009, both times I stayed in the Millenium wing. Both times was able to check in early, first time room wasn't ready but concierge looked after my luggage and delivered to the room. Second time arrived at the hotel at about 12.30 and was able to check in and get into the room. Service at check in was very prompt. Rooms not huge be comfortable and very clean. Came with bathrobes for use in the room. View not remarkable but then that's not what this hotel is there for. Obviously very close to Chelsea, close to Fulham Broadway tube station and Kings Road. I used for work and to visit a friend in Putney, which was very handy. If you're visiting central London tho, this is a bit far out. Breakfast in the Copthorne wing was excellent. Also ate at Marco in the evening, which was fantastic!	
Apr 18 2009 	GREAT HOTEL WITH GOOD SERVICE	Good hotel with good serviceExcellent for meetings and small conference and training sessionsFood is excellent with good serviceSpacious rooms with good housekeeping	
Apr 13 2009 	Fantastic!	We found a bargain deal of 50% off for the hotel on an online website and as we were planning to visit Chelsea the day after decided to book in.We booked a club room which is located in the millenium part of the hotel. The copthorne backs onto the stadium and the millenium is to the side. Check In: Check in for the club rooms takes place in the millenium hotel itself on the ground floor. We were given our room key and also advised about the club lounge - ill come onto this later. Check in very smooth and the staff pleasant.Room: we were pleasantly suprised with the room - very spacious with plenty of facilities. Lovely big bathroom with toiletries, bathrobes, hairdryer. Planty of storage space, big plasma tv and all the sports channels - I suppose you would expect this being next to Chelsea!Club Lounge Access: One of the added extras with the club rooms is that you have access to the club lounge which provides you with free tea/coffee/soft drinks all day and wine/beer/soft drinks and canapes between 5pm and 7pm and also breakfast included.We visited the lounge in the afternoon - enjoyed a coffee and a coke. We then went back in the evening before going to dinner. We then enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine and canapes which started our evening off nicely.Restaurant: There is a restaurant within the Copthorne hotel, however we decided we would try one of the surrounding restaurants for dinner. With Marco's (run by marco pierre white) and Frankies (likewise!) at the bottom of the Copthorne you have a few upmarket places within paces of your room. There are also a number of restaurants located within Fulham Broadway tube which is 5 minutes walk - TGI's, Pizza Express, Nandos and a lloyds bar to name but a few.We decided upon Frankies and was delighted with the food and service. It is a great restaurant and again if you are a football fan and in particular a chelsea one then you can watch chelsea tv whilst you are eating!!After dinner we returned to the Club lounge and enjoyed some more free drinks. The lounge was very busy and the staff very pleasant.We ordered room service breakfast the following day which arrived promptly and very delicious. We expected to pay a room charge, however were told on check out no extra charge!!The only downside which is not really the hotels fault is that car parking under the hotel is £25 a day!!We loved this hotel. It made our visit to Chelsea mcuh more special and we loved it so much we are returning at the end of May.	
Apr 8 2009 	Value for money during its discount period	The hotel is really really nice, yet there is no free wifi, needa charge 10 pounds for each day. It's very near the tube, while the tube service to this location is limited due to saturday and sunday maintenance work. Good to have luggage storage after check out, can visit the Chelsea FC and megastore during the last day of trip when you have a plane scheduled in the evening. There is one TGI Friday and Pizza Express nearby.	
Mar 29 2009 	Perfect Location Professional Staff High Quality Hotel	I stayed in the Copthorne Hotel for 3 nights whilst on a group holiday to London. On arriving I was a little confused by the fact that reception is located on the 1st floor but besides that reception staff were efficient and friendly and I was checked in very quickly.The room was modern, spacious and spotlessly clean. Some niceities that you wouldn't normally find in a hotel of its class are a mini-fridge, hot chocolate as well as the standard tea/coffee selection and a plasma-screen tv with internet connection (for an extra charge).The hotel is located about 5 mins from Fullham Broadway tube station which connects with all the major lines in the city. The tube is by far the most efficient way to get around the city.The concierge on the desk (Alfonzo) was extremely helpful and full of information and advice. A credit to the hotel!The only drawback was the fact that breakfast was quite costly, but with that said, there are many good quality low cost restaurants serving breakfast a short walk away in Fullham town centre.All in all, the Copthorne Hotel is an excellent quality hotel, perfect for a short break away for people of any age. It's ideally suited for sightseeing and its well served by public transport. If you're a football buff (which I'm not) an added bonus is the fact that Chelsea Football Club is right next door.	
Mar 27 2009 	This hotel is brilliant and Staff are so friendly and Helpful	We have just got back from a 3 night stay in the hotel. We stayed in the Copthorn hotel as there are 2 seperate hotels. The location was perfect as we were going on a tour of Stanford Bridge and Lunch in Frankies. Both were amazing. Food was great and the tour guide was brilliant as it was a private tour it was only 2 of us. The staff were so helpful as we didnt know the area ie buses into city centre so we were giving a map and different thing to do. Would defo stay here away. Would recommend to everyone as it is only a short distance on the tube to everywhere.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great staff wonderful rooms easy location	Checking for a conference on a european match day - expected carnage and got an easy check-in and a great room where I could see a little bit of the terraces! Room was extremely comfortable and remarkably quiet with all the extras you would expect. Bar was capacious and breakfast good quality and plenty of it in a lovely room. Staff were absolutely excellent - I left a valuable item in the room and it was posted to me within 2 days.Conference and dinner at Stamford Bridge were both excellent.Only 2 downsides, the bedroom and public rooms were very very warm and leaving the window open isn't ideal and Frankies 'restaurant' just outside the front door of the hotel was abysmal - very poor service, grossly overpriced and very loud. Not the hotels fault just a tip were not to eat.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great value	Had a wonderful stay here overnight. Room was modern and spacious, staff were wonderful &amp; easy parking. Would definitely recommend this hotel for a cheap (but quality) overnight stay in Chelsea	
Mar 11 2009 	Good price but a bit grubby	Stayed here for two nights making a weekend of taking my girlfriend to the opera. Paid £67 per night so cheap for London and a 4-star hotel. Check-in was ok but the receptionist wasnt the most welcoming person in the world. Room ok but in need of updating. On the first night there was a leak in the hall ceiling which caused it to collapse. We let them know in the morning before a bit of sightseeing - and I wasnt even throwing my toys out of the pram as we were away for a nice weekend. On returning to the hotel over 10 hours later nothing had been sorted so after getting a little hot under the collar and plenty of keyboard tapping and frowns from both a receptionist and a manager, we were allocated an apartment in the adjoining hotel. I know things go wrong but the service felt like they were doing us a favour.The apartment was bigger with a lounge and kitchen but the quality of decor was again, a bit tired and occasionally dirty. Overall, average hotel with average staff. Wont be rushing back, think I will splash some cash next time and enjoy it. Oh yeah - and the parking is £25 per 24 hours.(I would recommend the pub across the road though, The Butchers Hook - lovely food and great people)	
Mar 11 2009 	Strange vibs but not bad	As noted in other reviews this hotel has a strangely impersonal feel. My wife thought it somewhat creepy. We went into the Copthorne building and checked in--it was closer to the road. We were told that somehow our reservation didn't come through with breakfast included, though it was part of the &quot;special deal&quot; on their web site. I showed them the confirmation and they accepted that it was included. It took however, three days for the information to filter down to the dining room. Each day the same conversation about it being included and that they should check with the desk. No real problem but it seemed odd in a hotel that is a first class hotel wanna be. Our room was in the Millennium building. It was quite pleasant clean and comfortable. Internet is available, of course at a fee of 10 pounds/d The hotel's location was fine. Near the Fulham Broadway subway and on the #14 bus line--to the center of the city.I'd recommend this hotel if you want a modern, lacking local character, type place in a good location. I'd watch the schedule of the football games, it might be a zoo on game days. We paid about 100 pounds/day. Not bad but it was the middle of winter.	
Mar 2 2009 	Most comfortable bed I've ever slept in	My husband and I stayed in the Millenium hotel for the weekend in February. Our room was clean and modern with flat screen tv, internet access etc. The receptionists were helpful and informative. The breakfast was great and plentiful and the service was excellent. I can honestly say that I have never slept in a more comfortable bed! Fulham Broadway tube station was about a 10 minute walk down the road where there was also a Weatherspoons if you fancied a cheaper night out. I would certainly stay here again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice hotel and nice staff	I stayed at this hotel last night. me and my boyfriend were in london early and very tired. check in is not until 2pm but we went there on the offchance we could check in early. the receptionist we saw was called dominika and she told us the person who would clean the room would start at 9.30am and to leave my mobile number and she would call when it was ready. so we went for a wander after leaving our bags at the hotel. we came back to the hotel and asked another receptionist if our room was ready, she said it wasnt and probably wouldnt be ready for a while. we decided to take a really comfy seat. not long after dominika called us and we checked in at 11am!! this was for no extra charge so i was very impressed with that. the room was nice and comfy and although it was a match day the windows are so good we couldnt hear a thing!! nice and relaxing	
Jan 29 2009 	Decent Hotel but Best for Matchday	Similar to other reviewers I stayed at hotel on matchday. I didn't suffer from uneven service experienced by other reviewers, in fact the staff proved quite helpful. The best reason to stay is clearly for Chelsea matchday as you're right on the grounds. The rooms (we had two) were tastefully appointed, included additional seating, and were refurbished in the last few years. Breakfast is adequate, but like most hotels, tends to be pricey compared to options on the high street. I'm not certain I would recommend the hotel for non-match day experience. I find the neighborhood around Chelsea (Fulham Broadway tube stop) isolated compared to nearby locales (such as Gloucester road tube stop). Like everything else there are trade-offs in life, the rooms are nice, close to the ground, and our rates were quite reasonable (booked through hotel website). However, if you're looking to explore or have business in other parts of London you might look elsewhere.	
Jan 28 2009 	As a Chelsea fan - Disgusted by the Customer Service and Organisation	I booked this hotel through 'Superbreaks' three months before going to Chelsea's Boxing Day fixture with West Brom.Clearly, on the booking confirmation it said my girlfriend and I were booked into the COPTHORNE HOTEL with breakfast.As the game kicked off at 130 pm we arrived early at the hotel, at approx 1130 am. Given this was the day after Christmas Day I half expected our room to be ready, but was happy to accept that because of the amount of people turning up before the match to check in, our bags would be held and transferred to our room for us after the game.When we returned, we were told our bags and room was in the adjacent MILLENIUM Hotel. We were given keys to the room and walked the 50 yards or so to the partner hotel. NOBODY WAS ON RECEPTION AT THAT HOTEL then or when we returned later at approx 9pm.No bar, or sign of a breakfast room, we went out again and returned at 1130 pm to crash for the night.In the morning we checked out and surprise, surprise had to wait for a receptionist, he though polite, couldn't give an answer why we didn't have a room in the COPTHORNE the hotel we paid good money for.Our friends made a late booking and were ALL in the Copthorne.Not saying our room was bad, it was a good four star room and clean but as organisation and customer service goes it was a complete joke.The guy on reception took our details and noted our complaint and said the hotel management would be in touch.Not a chance !A month later ... nothing !!Thankfully I informed Superbreaks ( A company that I have used on numerous occasions to book hotels ) they too have been unable to get a suitable response from the hotel and on their own back have refunded me the cost of the breakfast we never had and a voucher for future bookings elsewhere.That is Customer Service, something the Copthorne and Millenium Hotels at Chelsea Football Club can't even spell !Still all us true Chelsea fans know the Club have never treated us well, it was to be expected.	
Jan 20 2009	Chelsea Chelsea	Great hotel and a must for any Chelsea fans.Rooms first class we upgraded to a club room and with thisgains you access to a private free bar so well worth it.We had dinner at Frankies well recommended good food and service.All in all great place to stay.	
Jan 4 2009 	We won't be back	This was our second stay at the Copthorne hotel and am afraid it will be our last as the standard, particularly at breakfast has deteriorated. On our last visit the only complaint we had was about the lack of towels. However, this time the housekeeping could not be faulted.We had booked for 4 nights bed and full breakfast. On the first morning we were able to choose from the hot buffet as well as continental. Next day no hot buffet was offered which we thought may have been because it was New Year's Day. In additition we had to ask 4 times for tea, coffee and toast. On the third day we were offered hot buffet at a supplement of £3. We could not get the waitress to understand that cooked breakfast should have been included in the rate we had paid. We later spoke to the girl on reception who said that due to a change in policy they were now charging £4 for cooked breakfast. She checked our booking and passed on a note to the restaurant manager, so on our final day we were offered cooked breakfast at no extra charge.If the hotel had changed its policy, there should have been information telling guests about this - there was none. Also if the hotel changes its policy midway through a stay, then the existing bookings should be honoured. The hotel was very busy and the choice at the continental breakfast buffet was poor and many items ran out and were not replenished very quickly.This had put us off staying at this hotel in the future. I think it is not really worthy of calling itself a 4 star hotel	
Dec 4 2008 	Geared for the business traveller	As a frequent business traveller, living more in hotels out of a suitcase than at home, I was welcomed as an old friend when checking in at The Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels at Chelsea FC - even though it was my first time at the Hotel. I am not a football fan, however the competitive rates the hotel offers on their own website and location - outside the congestion zone and only 10 minute ride by tube to Victoria, makes a good combination in the 'current economic climate'. The Hotel has very clearly undergone a very recent refurbishment and public areas &amp; bedrooms are very well appointed. An upgrade to the Millennium Hotel meant access to the Club Lounge which included Lounge access, internet, evening drinks and was very good value for money. The staff at the Hotel made me feel very welcome and relaxed, while being attentive. I could have had breakfast in the Club Lounge, however decided to use the main Hotel facility - 55 restaurant &amp; thought the selection very good &amp; the coffee fresh &amp; tasty.My expectations were more than exceeded.	
Oct 19 2008 	Room was fantastic shame about the service at breakfast...	My partner booked this months in advance for my birthday as a big surprise, and luckily it tied in with a home match the day following our stay.I feel bad for my partner as everything went so well with the hotel until the moment just before we left....We stayed in a club room which included access to the club lounge between 5 and 7 the night before, with unlimited free drinks which was fantastic. The room itself was wonderful, a beautiful bathroom, and very comfortable bed. The location is fantastic (if you are a chelsea supporter)The let-down came when we went back to the club lounge for breakfast the following morning. The service was horrendous, the worst I have experienced. A coffee, toast, anything seemed too much for the girl waiting on. As I later found out, they were short staffed, but she seemed to still give impecable service to Peter Kenyon (Chelsea Chief Exec) who was a few tables down.We did speak to the manager upon leaving, who gave us the money back that we had paid to upgrade in the first place. All in all, it was a great hotel and a wonderful place to stay, however, the service received just before leaving left a sour taste in the mouth.	
Sep 20 2008 	Ok but only if attending a game	We booked a match package and that part of it went well. The food was delicious and the waiters were very attentive. (And of course, the game itself was brilliant).That said, the staff at the Copthorne were a bit rude and standoffish. We had a room mishap and when we questioned the woman at the front desk it was obvious that she did not care to resolve it. She became exasperated and discourteous. Management obviously tries to sell this hotel as a 4 star but it is a 3 star at best. One of the best things that a business can focus on is customer service and it is quite obvious that many of the employees at this hotel lack adequate training in this particular area. Therefore, it is only worth staying at this hotel if you have a game to catch the next day.	
Sep 17 2008 	Awesome Hotel and Even Better Beds	I stayed the Millennium Hotel at Chelsea FC during an extended business trip and found the staff throughout the hotel to be helpful and friendly. Nice rooms, great bed, convenient location with two exceptional restaurants on site so I’d didn’t go hungry. Highly recommend!!!	
Sep 14 2008 	Misleading about the room rates	I was at a conference held at the Chelsea football grounds. I strongly reccomend them as a company venue. Much cheaper than many hotels with reasonably imaginative buffet menus &amp; reasonably good meeting rooms. If you need breakout rooms you get the boxes overlooking the pitches but enough- I need to tell you about the Millenium Hotel.The hotel is in a good location just 5 minutes from West Brompton tube (I don't think you'd find it if you just wandered without instructions though) but the Millenium relies upon the facilities of the Copthorne so you have to go outside &amp; across a private road to get to a bar or restaurant. The bar is not that intimate- its a first floor hotel lobby but the staff were chirpy enough. The breakfast buffet was OK- they slow things down by insisting you are shown to a table &amp; I never did get any coffee on the morning I was there and settled for 2nd best on the cold food options as they were a bit slow in topping up the buffetThe rooms (I got a club room- which meant a larger wardrobe &amp; an internal corridor) were OK but perhaps the decor was a bit international for me (shiny black surfaces which made using a computer mouse difficult) but with comfortable beds. The facilities were spotlessly clean &amp; the rooms very quietWhat I was annoyed about was that the room rates quoted over the phone do not include VAT &amp; that tghis was not mentioned when booked. Perhaps Americans are used to this (where sales tax is always an extra) but British people expect prices to be quoted inclusive &amp; it is for this reason I am marking the hotel down - its quite an expensive hotel so the extra percentages do add up. Parking (for those who drove) was also expensive (don't know the exact cost) So would I reccomend this one? Probably not. Nice enough but misleadingly expensive.	
Sep 1 2008 	Really enjoyed match package	We booked the match package through the hotel and had an awesome time. I think it was really overpriced but we just tried to forget how much we spent and enjoy ourselves. Check in to the Copthorne was not fantastic but our room was ready early. The room and bathroom were both spacious and nice. Good biscuits in our room. Dinner at the 55 restaurant was great, the food was not that fancy but fresh and really well cooked. We had the perfect view of the players arriving in their luxury cars! The staff at the restaurant were so friendly and happy both at breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was really nice with a wonderful continental selection and a fresh cooked breakfast to order. The game was the only thing to let us down, chelsea played disappointingly and only drew! Our seats were ok but it would have been nice to be closer.	
Aug 18 2008 	good experience	We booked this hotel for a saturday night before a chelsea game which we were going to. We booked it on airmiles so not sure what we paid in real terms. We had astandard double room.Check in was quick and efficient and our room was on the 5th floor overlooking the entrance to stamford bridge.The room was smallish but I have certainly stayed in smaller in london. The floor was being refurbished and I think our room was probably next as it was a little tatty in places. It has obviously just been rewired and had a new flat screen tv and internet access for which there seemed a reasonable charge.We were unable to get the tv going and a quick call to reception brought us a chap to fix it within minutes.The room was very clean and the bathroom well stocked with the basics. The bed was comfy.You could not fault this hotel for location especially if you are going to the football.It was quiet and we slept well. Breakfast the next morning was included and was supposed to be continental but was actually a buffet with cooked and continental. We were seated immediately and the food and service was excellent.We have stayed in several of the hotels around chelsea whilst going to the games and this beats them all on location and convenience. We were able to leave our bags which was great and able to use the hotel facilities after the game before travelling home.Overall I would say the service was great and we enjoyed our stay and when they have completed the refurbishment it will be even better.	
Jul 17 2008 	over priced and terrible customer service	I paid £260 b&amp;b for a 'club' room for a 1 night mid-week stay.positives;The room was nicely, stylishly appointed, spotlessly clean and decorated in a tasteful manner; new feeling to public areas and rooms ; location; quietnegativesslightly soul-less; Basil Fawlty customer serviceThe location is good for the Fulham Road and Kings Road, nearby to a tube and bus 414 (leaving from outside the hotel) goes to Hyde Park via Harrods.Reception: failed to correct the spelling of my name despite 2 requests and took an apparent eternity to answer the phone (when my wife rang in to check my whereabouts…) For catering, poor Management and under-staffing prevail. A 10 minute wait to get a breakfast table, plenty of empty tables but just 1 over-worked lassie both checking guests have paid for breakfast and then (completely needlessly) seeing them to a table.  A cup of coffee took 3 requests, a cup of tea took a further 3 requests- ridiculous. I complained to the Duty Manager who stood quietly and meekly with a rather feeble offer that it would be looked into. On the basis of this alone I could not recommend. If they charge top prices, service should match.For the price, difficult to recommend.PS No view of the pitch….	
Jul 15 2008 	Good Digs but be careful...	My wife and I stayed here July 2008. When checking in, we took a chance that we were booked into the millenium hotel as there are two buildings... our guess was wrong. We were told we could upgrade to the millenium hotel for 40 pounds more a night.... this is where I went wrong. I actually upgraded, and was happy with the room, but this is when the staff started acting like little children who were without mum and dad for the first time. I went to my room to use the internet and it showed there would be a charge. The woman at check in insisted there would be no charge for internet ,as did the gentleman who was on desk duty later on (when I could get him off the phone from chatting up one of several of his friends). This became a problem 2 days later when the woman who checked me out told me there was a charge for internet. I told her the other employees names who said there would be no charge and she looked at me like I had lobsters crawling out of my ears. This for a 6 pound charge which wouldn't have been a big deal except the only other time I used any hotel services (morning breakfast) it was a complete fiasco as well. The breakfast included with the &quot;upgrade&quot; was not continental but a hot english breakfast... or so we were told. We went to breakfast and the waitress had a continental bar set up with some pastry and cereal...etc... there was only one other person in the place and she was having cereal. I asked the waitress if there was a hot breakfast available. She said there was and then left. I was able to wave her down later and asked if there were any menus... she said there were and stared at me for about 15 seconds. I asked if I could see one. This is the kicker.... she looked at me like I wasn't there and rolled her eyes and sighed loudly! she then huffed and puffed her way to a menu, stuck it in my face and stood there for 30 seconds with pen in hand looking disgusted. I hurried and ordered some scrambled eggs and toast with bacon. Trust me when I tell you, I looked at the food hard before I started eating it. I didn't have to look long before I noticed and smelled the eggs were instant. The bacon cold and after that the waitress was nowhere to be found. This all being said, the manager was nice enough to waive one nights upcharge as well as the internet fee. I told him the staff should go over to the Copthorne to see how a hotel should be run. The staff over there were wonderful, and the Irish redheaded concierge (I regret forgetting his name) was spot on with all his recommendations and quick to hail a taxi and was quick to point out some alternate routes to travel on a saturday when the underground was under engineering repairs. Next time I wouldn't make the mistake of &quot;upgrading&quot; I'd stay at the Copthorne in a heartbeat!	
Jul 6 2008	Enjoyed my stay	Just finished a 4 night stay at the Copthorne Hotel, on the top floor. A short walk from the Fulham Broadway Underground Station. I used it as my base of operations in London. I found it a good location. I'm Not a Chelsea supporter. We had a comfortable double bed and a pull out couch/Z bed. The room size was comparable to most north american hotels. We had a mini fridge which came in handy. The breakfast was good but pricey at around 12 pounds. There was a grocery store, drug store as well as some restaurants and a movie theatre nearby at Fulham Broadway. The staff were helpful and friendly. There were about 8 TV channels including Chelsea TV. There was wireless and hard-line internet in the room for 10 pounds (24 hrs) or 4 for 1 hour. There was also about 5 computers in the lobby for internet use. We were there during the Wimbledon tournement, and they had special desk and transport set up for those going to Wimbledon.	
Jun 28 2008 	OK if you need to be in the area	Stayed for four nights between 23rd and 27th June 2008 on a business trip; I only stayed here because all of the hotels in my chosen area were either fully booked or were charging extortionate rates (Wimbledon Fortnight).The hotel, which is on the same site as the Millennium, looks OK from the outside, and the facilities, the service and the food in the restaurant aren't bad, but the bedrooms and the furniture in them are starting to look a bit scuffed and dated. If all you want to do is sleep there, you'll be OK as the beds are large and comfortable. There is also a large flat screen Samsung LCD TV in each one, thanks I imagine to Chelsea's shirt sponsorship deal; not many TV channels though.The hotel is about a five minute walk from Fulham Broadway tube and lots of bars and restaurants, but beware, only about one district line train in every eight or so runs towards Wimbledon, so be prepared for a wait if returning in the evening or night from the city.I didn't get to see inside the Millennium hotel as this was taken up with tennis players during my trip.	
Jun 16 2008 	Chelsea FC fan	I spent one night at this hotel at a rather expensive rate of 163 pounds including 24 pounds in taxes. It was the 3rd time I stayed at this hotel, but the first time that it is managed by Millennium &amp; Copthorne Hotels. The hotel consists of two buildings, the Copthorne Hotel and the Millennium Hotel. I had the taxi drop me in front of the Millennium Hotel but it was the Copthorne Hotel where I would be staying. When I checked in, the front desk told me the hotel had been refurbished under the Millennium brand, but I couldn't see the difference, having stayed here in 2005. I was initially given a room which hadn't been made up and had a bad view. Then I was given a room which was better and had a better view. Breakfast, at 6.75 pounds, was a good deal, with a nice variety. Location was perfect, only a block from the tube and a supermarket. I am a fan of Chelsea Football Club, which was the main reason I wanted to stay here, so I paid 15 pounds for the stadium tour and bought souvenirs at the Megastore. One negative is that this hotel seems to cater to groups on coaches, I don't like to stay at hotels where there are groups of tourists and where usually I am sandwiched in between.	
May 26 2008 	Good bolt hole in a central location	I stayed on my own for one night in a simple but more than adequate twin room (en-suite, TV, comfy bed, AC, etc) in the older Copthorne bit of this ‘twinned’ hotel. Check-in staff where polite and helpful and the process painless. I booked through Superbreaks and got a good B&amp;B price (the full price seems a little steep). Breakfast was the normal buffet style and was a good start to the day. I would recommend this hotel for business use or if you need a base in this part of London, but not as somewhere to stay for multiple nights or if you are after a bit of character or access to a pool/gym.	
May 25 2008 	Worked out really well....	Have just returned from staying here for one night while we attended the Chelsea flower show. The hotel is fairly international ( characterless but standard) in character and we found the staff really nice and extremely helpful without exception from check in to the concierge. The breakfast was excellent also. Would recommend this particularly if going to the show as it is only a short bus ride ( easier), no. 112, or tube ride, 5 mins walk, Fulham Broadway. The Kings road is close by for shops and there are loads of restaurants bars etc nearby also. Would definitely stay here again for the show. Tip about the show...don't have the expensive lunch offered by the Rock Bank Cafe run by the caterers Sodexho the official caterers..dreadful, terrible value...... avoid.	
May 23 2008 	Be careful about surcharges	I selected this hotal mainly because Expedia featured the swimming pool so prominently in their advertising of the hotel. Although it mentioned that there was a surcharge for using the facilities I certainly never imagined that it would be £25 per person for a swim!	
May 12 2008 	Great location for the soccer and SW London	The Copthorne and Millennium hotels are situated at Stamford Bridge, home of Chelsea FC. Very convenient for the nearby underground station at Fulham Broadway and for the Kings road and nearby Putney. Although the buildings are both relatively modern they have been refurbished with new décor. Sadly the refurbishment hasn’t extended to some of the staff who, on occasions, seem oblivious to providing an acceptable level service to their guests. Also, despite the refurbishment, the rooms are not much more comfortable than you would get elsewhere yet the cost is extortionate (central London prices for a SW London location). The 55 restaurant is pleasant enough and service just about okay but food very ordinary verging on being bland. They struggle at breakfast time and are slow to replenish the breakfast buffet. A comfortable and convenient enough place to stay albeit lacking in atmosphere but very expensive for what you get. Not very good value.	
May 6 2008 	Soccer Heaven	If you are a soccer fan, specifically of Chelsea FC, then this hotel lives up to its name. The hotel is fairly close to a tube station (about a 5 min walk) but if you are staying here around a game day, plan on coming a day early and staying a day late cause it is CRAZY on match days. The hotel breakfast was outstanding! It really was a lot better than the traditional meat and cheese plate usually found in Europe. The rooms were very comfortable and the showers were nice and modern. I didn't use room service but noticed that it was available, as were internet services. The staff was really nice and helpful, even though they were extremely busy with the Chelsea vs. Manchester Utd. match. The concierge were also helpful in storing our bags when we checked out in order to do some last minute sightseeing before we were off! The price is expensive, even for London but the whole experience is not one to be missed for a Chelsea fan.	
Apr 25 2008 	Good hotel but doesn't live up to the price	I stayed on the Copthorne building to attend a conference that was being held at the adjoining Chelsea Football Club.This is a nice hotel, with friendly staff, a good bar, and decent breakfast. The room however did not meet the standards of what I paid.My room was long and narrow, the bathroom fixtures felt like they were from the eighties, and the furnishings in general were good. I would expect this from a midrange hotel, and I would be happy. But for the price I was paying, I expected so much more.In summary: this is an excellent mid-price hotel, with a high-price rate.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great stay!	12 of us stayed here during a 5 day stop in London before returning to the States. The hotel is in a quiet part of town and is very nice. Very clean. We were even here during a futbol game (hotel is attached to the stadium) and still no complaints! Staff was very accomodating and made sure our taxis were there on time even though it was very early in the am. The tube stop is very close- about a 3 minute walk. One of the refridgerators did not work in one of our rooms, but was replaced during the stay. We would gladly stay here again. About $300 (usd) per night but still cheaper than many hotels in London.	
Apr 7 2008 	NICE HOTEL	Stayed at the Copthorne Hotel Easter Monday for a couple of nights as was going to ideal home exhibition. Nice hotel with very friendly staff, hotel room was clean &amp; tidy, within 20min walk of Earls Court, and great for shopping on Kings Rd (10 min). cost 22.00 for taxi from London Kingscross to here. Would stay again. few nice bars and restaurants close by	
Mar 19 2008 	Pleasant clean and hot!	Stayed in the Copthorne for 2 nights in March 2008.Very pleasant hotel within 500 yards of London Underground.Check-in efficient and helpful.Breakfast was excellent.Room was clean, quiet and well furnished.Only problem was that the room was also so very hot. Air-con didn't cool it and the only window was very small and let in little fresh air - wouldn't want to be here in July or August!	
Mar 17 2008 	Not as good as it looks from the Outside	This hotel looks really super from the outside. The reception area was quite nice but leaving this area it was somewhat shabby. I booked it through superbreak which suggested that it had undergone a multi-million pound refurbishment programme.Well on leaving the lift on the third floor the carpet is so frayed you can easily trip on it. We had booked a triple room for myself my husband and son. It had two single beds and a ZBed. The mattesses where worn out and dipped in the middle. The English breakfast was cold. The staff were pleasant so no complaints there and was in a very good location for what we need.	
Mar 11 2008 	A solid 4 star	There are two parts to this hotel the Millenium part and the Copthorne part. We stayed in a double room in the Copthorne complex. Receptionist was a little surly but check-in was swift &amp; without complications (booked through Superbreak). entrance area of the Millenium doesnt quite feel like a reception, bit small, but modern style. Lobby of the Copthorne is large with 2 escalators up to the first floor. modern deco &amp; nice feel. room was a good size, and had undergone a soft refurb (ie. new curtains &amp; bedding), however the furniture, walls, etc. are in need of refurbishment some time in the future. just felt a little knocked about. otherwise everything fine, the bathroom was a good size with hairdryer &amp; complimentary toiletries. tea/coffee provided, flat screen tv in room. minibar was empty but that was fine with us, room service was available although we didn't use it. breakfast was buffet style and very good with a choice of fresh fruit, fresh juices, several cereals, and full english breakfast, smaller selection of cheeses and cold meat. Location of hotel is great for the football &amp; also for Fulham centre with lots of restaurants, bars, pubs, etc. about 5 min walk from Fulham broadway tube station and from there a 20-30 minute journey into the heart of central London. All in all a solid 4 star hotel, and even better once standard rooms are fully refurbished.	
Feb 25 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Me and my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for a weekend break in London and what can i say, The hotel was aboslutely fantastic and in a really good location.The rooms were big and spacious and really modern with plasma tv's and all the facilites you need. The hotel has a good bar which is reasonbly priced and a comfortable lounge area.I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a fantastic hotel at reasonable prices.	
Feb 21 2008	Nice Hotel overall	Even as a non-Chelsea FC fan, this hotel is still a good venue for a comfortable pleasant night. We initially checked in at the Millenium Hotel reception which is stunning - however we were promptly redirected next door to the sister hotel, the Copthorne. (well for £92, via laterooms.com, what did we honestly expect!!) The rooms are very well sized, clean &amp; well presented &amp; the staff were professional and polite. We even saw Peter Gill (Chelsea FC chief exec) &amp; other important football types, so good for star-spotting. We didn't eat in the Marco Pierre White restaurant (located adjacent to the Copthorne) but drank in the Blues bar next door which served good steak (£12.95, incl salad &amp; fries) Fulham Broadway tube is only 5 mins walk, as are the normal variety of bars &amp; alternative restaurants. One slight complaint I would make is to agree with previous posts about lack of signs for these - suggest you enquire at reception to ensure you head into town, not out!!I would recommend this as a place to stay, either on business or pleasure.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great after the football	Stayed at the Copthorne after watching a Chelsea game. I must say that the service was excellent. We arrived early (11am) and the room was ready for us. We checked with reception that we had a double room and were informed that the room did have two single beds but housekeeping 'zipped' them together quickly and without a problem. The room was very quiet, clean and spacious.The only very slight disappointment was that internet access was charged at £10 (for 24hrs service) and although there are 'pay as you go' terminals near reception they are charged at a minimum spend of £3 - this isn't explained until you reach the terminals. A minor point though.A great place to stay if you're visiting the footie ground - it was good to be back in our room 5 minutes after the final whistle blew - especially on a cold February day.Overall the service was excellent - The concierge with the weird eyes was wonderful!	
Feb 16 2008 	Cancelled After One Night	I chose this hotel as it's reasonably close to Heathrow Airport and central London, and has a pool. Trouble is though, they want £25 per day, in additional to the £100+ you pay for a room!I checked out as soon as I could, what a rip-off!! Apparently the website makes you aware of this, but I didn't notice it.	
Jan 27 2008 	Functional hotel for business	This hotel is located next to Chelsea football stadium and a 5 minute walk to Fulham Broadway tube. The two hotels are next to each other so ensure you know which one you are staying in (not like me!). Reception is on the 1st floor and not clearly signed. Was not advised there would be a £10 charge for internet access when I asked if wireless was available. There is internet available on the ground floor at no charge. Rooms are comfortable and clean. Would recommend this hotel for business if you need to work. Irons are rubbish and need to provide proper irons instead of travel irons. Bar downstairs nicely decorated and was showing football (very loudly) and only had 4 locals in. Main bar in hotel is dissapointing. Lots of people on business not sure this is a relaxed hotel for leisure.My biggest complaint and this is the reason I will not stay again - there is a charge to use they gym - £25 - never have I heard anything so ridiculous - a hotel part of a football club - and charge to enter. Put me right off!!	
Jan 26 2008 	Good but not outstanding.	Stayed one night (A Friday) at the Corpthorne. Room was fine if perhaps a little on the small side. Staff were friendly and helpful.Breakfast was fine and fairly hot.Shower in the room was over the bath and was a little lacking in power.	
Jan 14 2008 	reasonable value for money	Stayed here whilst watching Chelsea V Spurs. good hotel in a reasonable price bracket for london. Cant really see why you would stay there if not watching the football. Seems to have been recently refurbished and rooms all of a good standard. Breakfast was the usual fare but not as good as the Hiltons.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good location nice room excellent price	I booked the Millenium Copthorne at Chelsea Football Club for through Pricline name your own price for a long weekend trip to London. I got the room for $82/night for 3 nights plus tax on a bid for a 4 star hotel. The hotel is located on the grounds of the Chelsea Football Club. It is a short walk from the Fulham B'way underground and three buses stop at the front door (two to Central London). The hotel is actually two buildings, the Copthorne where I stayed and the Millenium which I think is the &quot;club&quot; hotel. I emailed the hotel in advance requesting a non-smoking room with a queen or king bed and because I'd be arriving late (taking the day flight from the US). No response to the email but I got exactly what I asked for on arrival. Service was friendly.The room was relatively large by London standards, clean, with a bed, desk, 20&quot; LDC tv, large bathroom, minifridge, etc. The towels were very large and very plush. The bed and linens were comfortable. All in all, a good stay at a great price. Lots of restaurants in the neighborhood and although it is not central, the subway or bus trip isn't too long.	
Nov 20 2007 	Soulless	A typical business hotel in the West End of London, with the added attraction of being next to the Chelsea Football Club. The room was of a good size which pleasantly surprised me, but then again I did have a corner room.Room was equipped with a trouser press and a very comfortable and large bed, although why it comes with 16 (ok maybe a little exaggeration used there) decorative cushions is beyond me...The TV was all linked in to the internet, movies etc. I wonder if the TV was Samsung because Chelsea are sponsored by them????????There was staff waiting to open the door at arrival, and check-in was quick, polite and efficient which was nice, albeit alittle formulaic - there seemed to be little enthusiasm and pride for the job.The bar is soulless, a bit like the overall feel of the hotel.Location-wise - there's nothing of draw in the area that would make you choose this hotel over others - unless of course Chelsea Football Club is the attraction. Fulham Broadway tube station is not too far away. Would probably recommend you go to a niche hotel in the area and a bit closer to life.It seems to me that this is trying to be a convention hotel whilst appealing to the weekend traveller and in all cases it comes up short.	
Nov 12 2007 	Decent Hotel but no sights within walking distance	We stayed here 4 days total, October 4 and 5, then the 16th and 17th. The double room had 2 twin beds, not 2 double beds. The room was clean and fortunately had a refrigerator. Compared with U.S. rooms it was small, but sufficient. The A/C did not work well, but we were lucky that the window opened. Tea service in room but no ice machine. Room service is available if you want to pay a fortune. There is a Marks and Spencer and a Salisbury's within easy walking distance, plus a smaller Tesco, not to mention at least 4-5 pubs and other restaurants. The number 12 bus will take you out of Chelsea and up into the main city area, or you can catch the tube. I don't understand why they do not have a top sheet and then the comforter, because I do not normally sleep under that much blanket. In the U.S. the comforter is usually not frequently cleaned(unfortunately) and therefore is not used, but these were clean. I am paranoid enought to check for bed bugs, and saw nothing anywhere. The beds are a bit too soft though. The bath was clean, but the shower mat was full of mold. I just left it on the floor with the mold exposed thinking the maid would change it. It was hanging over the side of the bathtub when I returned. Breakfast is HORRIBLE!!!!!! It was included with our stay but I would have been furious has we payed separately. Food was just sitting out on tables without proper temp controls, like yogurt and fruit, meat and cheese just sitting lukewarm and not COLD on the counter. They did not have enough staff to bus the tables, and therefore toast was impossible to get. The coffee was disgusting.My husband didn't even care for the hot portion. A banana and porridge would have been nice, but weren't available. the only reason to stay here is for business in the immediate vicinity or because you want a less expensive hotel out of central London. I did feel safe walking to and from the store alone at night. Not the best location for a tourist, but manageable.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Location  but 4 star..???	booked the hotels through a 'secret deal' offer on a webstite..got a good rate, but the clues gave it away where we would be staying...Its a great location for Earls Court , and me and my girlfriend walked to Earls Courtthe hotel was very smart and elegant, attached to Chelsea Football Club , and 5 mins walk from Fulham Broadway station...on arrival, they hotel swiped my credit card , god only knows how much they 'reserved' on it...but it has caused me to ask in future before handing it over , because i had already paid in full for the room prior to arrival...the bedroom , was standard , nothing special..nowhere near 4 star...a mid 3 in my book...large bed, and standard bathroom...black marks on the ceiling from the air con vent...also the inhouse music and telvision stations did not work , and even though reception where told..nothing was done...reception staff where not the best, seemed puzzeled that i complained about the music cannels not working, and refunded the money with a 'grunt'....had breakfast in bed , which was great, one of the best hotel brekies i have had...that was 4 star....!!!there is a Marco Pierre White restaurant next door if you want to have a posh nosh...on the whole it was ok..would stay there again on a deal again , but would not feel that full price would be worth it	
Oct 8 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	This hotel is in a great location for exploring London. Although it is a little bit out of the city centre it is a short tube ride into the heart of the city. The 14 bus runs outside of the hotel and will take you right into Piccadilly Circus. There are lots of shops right in the Fulham Broadway tube station.There is a good selection of pubs and restaurants a short walk away. The rooms have been refurbished and were very comfortable and clean. The beds were very comfortable. A nice thing about this hotel is that it is set back from the street so it is nice and quiet at night.We checked into the Millennium lobby bit our room was in the Copthorne section.	
Aug 22 2007 	Nice Modern Hotel in a Quiet Neighborhood	The hotel is located in the residential borough of Chelsea. The hotel is nicely decorated inside and has a very modern appeal. The beds were the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on and the room and bathroom were very clean and comfortable. The front desk was also helpful in answering my questions.For individuals visiting London for the first time to sightsee, this is probably not a good location. Although it is located near and Underground station, the District line is unbelievably crowded at times and trying to get back to the hotel may be a huge headache.	
May 29 2007	Good Quality in good location	This is a good hotel in a great locaion (3 mins to Fulham Broadway Tube Station). We stayed here when Chelsea were not playing and it was quiet around the hotel so if your not interested in football I'd suggest you check to make sure Chelsea are not playing there when you intend to stay there. Some good restaurants, bars and clubs around.	
May 24 2007 	Loved it	Quiet, Concierge fabulous. Staff helpful.When a non-smoking room was unavailable , they upgraded me. My room was large and had a refrigerator and a sitting area. Three buses stop in front of the hotel and the tubestop Fulham Broadway is a short walk away.Booked on Priceline for an $80 bid	
Mar 24 2007 	not worth the increased price	We have stayed at this hotel when it was part of Chelsea Village and it was better value for money. The football club is now the main priority and the hotel has been taken over by Millenium and Copthorne. A lot of the staff are still the same and most of them are very nice and helpful. We stayed in the Copthorne hotel and booked through a hotel agency and paid less than Copthorne direct prices. The rooms in this hotel which is attached to Stamford Bridge stadium have not been upgraded so the increade in price is not justified. The former Court Hotel the annex building is the Millenium Hotel but I cannot comment on the upgraded club rooms there except we were quoted £250 per night. The hotel is very busy when there are football matches on but the whole place falls silent when there is not a match on. We probably will stay again as it is convenient for going to the football and player spotting but the Copthorne Hotel needs a refurbishment to justify its prices.	
Jan 30 2007 	Good Hotel	Spent 3 nights at the Millennium &amp; Copthorne at the end of January. The Millennium and Copthorne are two different hotels. We stayed in the Millennium Hotel (check in is in the Copthorne part - you just need to walk about 10 feet to get to the Millennium). Check in was ok. I had book the hotel with &quot;upgrade subject to availability&quot; and when I asked about the upgrade the guy at the front desk said there was no available upgrade. Then the lady next to him said yes there was and we were upgraded to an Executive Suite. Kind of annoying as we NEVER saw another guest in the Millennium Hotel (so why did he tell me there were no upgrades available???). At check in the guy asked what paper we wanted in the morning and we said The Times. At check out I noticed we were charged for each paper - he DID NOT mention that there would be a charge... cheeky. They are currently renovating the Millennium Hotel (that may be why the other review said it was the worst hotel ever - they might of stayed in the Copthorne Hotel). By American standards, our hotel room was decent (meaning this room was bigger then most &quot;european&quot; hotel rooms). Location was decent, about a 5 minute walk to Fulham Broadway tube station (on the district line). Fulham Broadway tube station has some shopping &amp; eating in the station which is nice. There is a Sainbury's where you can pick up some wine &amp; beer and bring it back to the room (note: our hotel room did have a mini fridge). Only pain is that you must transfer at Earl's Court to get to most other lines. Also bus stops less then 5 minutes away. The Chelsea Football is next door LITERALLY! So if you are a fan, I would suggest staying here. There is a security guard who stands in the driveway checking all vehicles that drive thru 24/7 (as posh gym club and chelsea fc stadium behind hotel). On game day we saw all the players drive in. And we took a tour of the stadium (not on game day) which was lovely.Feel free to contact me with any questions.	
Jan 26 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever!	This is definitely not a 4 star hotel. They zipped 2 single beds together to give us a double bed, but gave us a small single blankets. The aircons didnt' work and the beds are about 10 years old. The pictures on Expedia look great, but are not true to their appeal. The outside of the building is brand new and looks great, however inside is another story. This hotel could easily qualify as a motel! The TV is a tiny 37cm one and there is no free bottled water (and in London, tap water is horrible). There is also no bar fridge and they give you insufficient towels in the bathroom.I spend about 150 nights a year in hotels. This was the worst experience ever.	
Nov 16 2006 	Ok now will be quite nice soon	I stayed here on the recommendation from a colleague. We had a business trip to our UK office in Putney, where all the hotels seem to be bad. We decided to stay here as we had a reasonable rate (164GBP+VAT) and it was close to where we wanted to be. The hotel is currently under renovation. My room had already been completed and was quite nice, but the hallway and elevators hadn't been done yet. My room was quite comfortable. The only downside was the hotel is split into two buildings and my room was in the one where breakfast, reception, etc was not. It was a minor inconvenience. I believe this hotel will be extraordinary by the end of the year when the renovations are complete. In the neighborhood, be sure to check out the Chelsea Football Club megastore. Have dinner at &quot;The Butcher's Hook&quot; - be sure to try the Gloucester Old Spot - delicious!	
Oct 25 2006 	Successful 24hr Break...	Booked a one night stay last minute direct with the hotel. Paid £109 room only inc vat (very good rate). We stayed in an executive double with sofa for the 2 children.Fab location, 5 mins walk from Fulham Broadway. Irrespective of whether you like football or not it's an ok hotel.Yes they are having a major overhaul. You check in, in one building and we stayed in the opposite building (now being called Millenium Hotel)?Our room was clean but yes for 4* could have possibly been a little more luxurious.Staff were friendly (those we had any contact with). Did not eat breakfast in the hotel because of rip off britain prices. £15 per adult and £12 per child.In the evening we strolled down to TGI Fridays which is only 5 mins away. For breakfast we had a Subway!! Kids thought it great.Location cannot be faulted. Fulham Broadway is right on the district line, takes you into the heart of London in approx 10/15 minutes even with a change at Earls Court if need be.I would return.	
Oct 23 2006	Hell Service!!!!	Horrible service, the conciegere lost my suitcase. The duty manager refuse to help me search for my suitcase. The duty manager even yelled at me and refusing all responisbity regarding my lost suitcase.I would NEVER stay here again!!!They treated me like [--]!	
Sep 21 2006 	Hotel at Chelsea - beware the old wing!!	I arrived at the Hotel at Chelsea, and from the outside the hotel ooked nice. I checked in (after 10 minute delay), and was handed my room key and told I was in the block across the road (the old court hotel).The lift was enclosed in a plywood construction that was roughly finished. The bedrooms were an average size, but definitely not 4 star standard.There was constant drilling from 8am until 7pm (it would have gone on longer had I not complained and the duty manager who came over himself to listen), and staff seemed uninterested when comments were made.Checkout was back over in the main building, and there were a number of guests complaining about the noise, which received no empathy from the staff - obviously a common complaint!I paid £40/night for my room, but I know others in the queue had paid between £120 and £160 a night - unless you are getting bargain rates, there are nicer hotels locally.	
Sep 13 2006 	Very disapointing	I stayed at the Chelsea Hotel for 10 days during August 2006. I was fortunate to have a double deluxe with sofa bed. The room was clean but tired however I am told the hotel is currently undergoing a full refurbishment. The rooms were on a par to a travel lodge. I had no troubles but a friend staying in another room had a glass of water left by the side of her bed for the whole ten days we were there!!I can confirm unless you are into football in a big way stay away on match days....the bar area in the hotel is very unfriendly and not at all cosy, but the staff are, the bar is in the reception lobby and does not invite you to want to stay.THE BIGGEST FAULT BY FAR WAS BREAKFAST............The toaster at the hotel was not working for over a week and bread would turn up at your table looking and feeling stale not toasted. This carried on the same when a new toaster arrived. You had to wait for upto half an hour to obtain tea and coffee as there was not enough staff to serve. The grill area was only heated by tiny oil lamps so the cooked buffet was luke warm, it had a good selection but you did not want luke warm bacon eggs and sausages...A far better choice was the continental breakfast. The staff tried their best but were run off their feet.On a positive note it is very convienient to Fulham Broadway and a must restaurant is the Blue Elephant....that had WOW Factor in every department from food, service and decor, there were koi pools and rivers around the tables and you felt like you were in the heart of Thailand. A true dining experiance not too be missed	
May 27 2006	Beware of this hotel	Don’t even think about staying in this hotel. The employees are clueless when it comes to professional guest services.Shower, AC, and toilet did not work properly. For three days, five different staff members promised to fix it. They did either not respond at all, not tell the next shift, or did something that did not resolve the problem. Just one example: When we went to bed, we could not turn off the air. The switch was broken. A staff member installed a small electric heater. Unfortunately the heater was defect as well, and as a result, caused a fire alarm. The room was filled with smoke and we asked to be moved to a different room. The answer was yes – but only if we go trough the regular check-in procedures at the reception desk. The next day, the day shift was not informed about the incident at night. Although we were in London, almost the entire staff had problems understanding English. The employee who provided us with the heater, worked the night shift, followed by a 11 hours day shift. He told us that his colleague did not show up for work and he was asked to stay. For a toll free call collect phone call to Citibank, I was billed £ 39. After a long discussion with one of the manager, this was the only charge taken off the bill. For all the troubles we had, he offered an upgrade on our next trip to London.	
Apr 21 2006	Great Stay	Decided to stay here as we got an excellent rate for an overnight superior double room with sofa bed and it was convenient for the tour of Stamford Bridge Stadium and Museum we had booked as a treat for our son. Check in and out was very prompt and the room was spacious and clean. The only complaint was from our son who thought the sofa bed was uncomfortable. Other than that we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone. We even caught a glimpse of Roman Abramovich whilst eating our fish and chips in Harry Ramsdens.	
Feb 19 2006	An OK Hotel	We have just stayed at the Hotel at Chelsea staying in an executive double room. The room was fairly small not as large as we were led to believe from the website, also the &quot;fluffy&quot; duvets were not fluffy and the mattress had the lovely &quot;roll together&quot; situation. Additionally the room could have done with a proper clean as there was dust everywhere.However the service in the hotel was very prompt and efficient when requesting housekeeping and room service. The location is excellent for visiting Stamford Bridge and has very good train and bus links.	
Feb 9 2006	Enjoyable Stay	we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of february. when we booked we asked for an early check in however this was not possible and we had to return at 2pm. The concierge did however look after our luggage. If you do not appreciate Football i would advise to check if Chelsea have a home match during your stay, as on a matchday the hotel is extremely crowded with hundreds of fans. If you are going to a match its the best place to stay as you have no problems getting to your seats. The rooms are very nice, no complaints. The room service was very prompt. Like most places in London the bar prices were steep. £10 for 2 drinks in plastic glasses!! There are some nice places to eat nearby, kings road only a short walk away. The Fulham broadway tube station is very handy and gets you into the centre of london in about 10 mins.	
Jan 29 2006	footie fan	We stayed at this hotel Jan 2006 for a football match package, It was a great experience.The rooms were lovelyThe dinning was first classThe staff were very niceThe location was fantasticWe were sitting at our dinner when Jose Mourinho walked in, to dine at the hotel resturant, we were delighted.The next morning before the chelsea v charlton match all the players walked through the hotel and were signing autographs, I was star struck, It was a fantastic christmas present.	
Nov 18 2005	Great value and location	The Fulham Broadway tube stop is fantastic and the Hotel at Chelsea is very close. This hotel is nice, not great but nice. We stayed there a full week, the location was great for visits to my wife's friends in Chessington and downtown London.The rooms were small and typical. The price was great, surrounding area wonderful. We were told we'd have to pay 1.50 euro for each phone call, regardless of the number - but that didn't appear on our bill. It was actually more annoying seeing upon checkout that we could have used the phone more instead of the disgusting phone boxes to call a 1-800 number. My big complaint - ICE. I realize ice isn't as important over there, but it is to me. And the Chelsea charges the 1.50 euro room service charge simply to bring you a bucket of frozen water.We had a great time here, the staff was great and the value and location supurb.	
Oct 31 2005 	Good value	Stayed here with work. Managed to book myself and get a good value room for around 70 GBP. The rooms are very typical but are very comfortable. Good size bathroom and plenty of space to relax.Would recommend as a good base, there are plenty of eateries nearby and is very close to the Tube.Overall, a good hotel, excellent location and a bit different if you're fed up with central London venues	
Oct 31 2005	Fantastic Hotel..	I stayed here for three days and could not fault it. The service was impeccable, probably the best of any Hotel I've stayed in anywhere in the world. The rooms were always clean and I found them cosy. I was especially impressed with the staff, as I was there at the time of the London Bombings. They bent over backwards to help me change my flights and organise a new room for me. They went beyond the call of duty. They even arranged for Chelsea FC's personal driver to take me to Heathrow the next day! I would go back in a heartbeat, and would recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 22 2005	would only recommend to footy fans	I wouldnt advise this hotel as a base for london sight seeing.we are big chelsea fc fans who drive to the games from Devon.we decided to treat ourselves to the hotel for one night after the match. The reception staff were rude, unhelpful and looked down on us (I presume as we were footy fans and not discerning guests?).the room was average and not worth the money we paid for it.dining facilties on the complex were poor/overpriced after the match, so we walked into fulham instead to a restaurant.The only benefit if you are a chelsea fan is obviously the proximity after the game, the fact you can go in the Shed bar and not worry about driving, and also player spotting after the match.....saw quite a few players leaving the ground way after most of the fans had gone.We now when we stay, we overnight at the Swallow International hotel in kensington, the rooms were better, staff polite and more friendly.or if money is tight we travel out of london and stay at a travel lodge near Heathrow!	
Aug 9 2005	give it a miss	Went to London in May for the chelsea flower show booked executed suite at chelsea village given a standard room in courts hotel opposite not what we were expecting. Electrics in room not working moved to another standard room.Give this hotel a miss unless you are a chelsea fc fan.Stayed at cheaper and more grand hotels in central London.	
Jul 27 2005	beautiful football experience	Me and my brother were there last year for a couple of days.We bought a football match package which included football match tickets, dinner, room and some discounts in chelsea store.I must say hotel was ok, room not too large but anyway comfortable and service excellent.It was just a little bit expensive but I suggest all football fans to have a great football experience there.Ouch, please avoid the restaurant, food is terrible...	
Jul 6 2005	Lovely hotel fantastic bath towels!	We chose this hotel because it was close to Wimbledon and had spa facilities. It was great. The staff were very polite at all times. The bedroom was lovely, beds very comfortable. Bath towels large enough (never found that before in any hotel). Bathroom was great (hairdryer bit dodgy though - take your own). The surrounding area was nice, the tube station had plenty of shops and was nice too. We used the Spa facilities which although £25 to use were excellent, we treated ourselves to massage and facial treatments which were absolutely lovely the girls were really friendly and made us feel special.	
Jul 4 2005	not my cup of tea	We stayed at this hotel because it was supposed to be a four star hotel near to where we had a reunion party. Check in was surlyand gave us no indication of amenities at the hotel. Beware, you have to pay extra for the leisure facilities-pool, etc., which is not stated on their website.room was clean. however, no soap in the bathroom, the mattress was lumpy-you could feel the springs in the mattress, and there was no coffee in the room, although there were the facilities. we had to phone to get the windows unlocked for some fresh air, as well as for soap and coffee. they eventually arrived.this was not up to four star standards. sorry, not my cup of tea.	
Jun 25 2005 	Nice hotel even for a Man U fan!	This is a bright and functional hotel. The room was large, and breakfast plentiful. I didn't come here for a match day though - I was visiting the Wimbledon tennis championships, and the All England tennis club is not too far away. I can imagine the hotel really coming alive when Chelsea are at home though. And it's right in the hub of all the surrounding urban excitement and nightlife. I would say that this hotel is best suited to business travellers, families and couples.	
Dec 20 2004	Absolutely wonderful	Booked a matchday weekend package as a surprise for my Husbands Birthday and two friends.From the moment we arrived to the moment we left it was fantastic.The food, drink and hospitality were second to none.Stayed for 2 nights in the Court Hotel.Huge room, clean, tidy, fresh, well decorated. Everything you would need for a weekend stay.Have stayed in a few 4 and 5 star Hotels both here and abroad and this definitely warrants a 4 star and I am very fussy where Hotels are concerned.One tiny gripe though, drinks at Purple dear. 2 bottles of beer and 2 vodkas and diet cokes £21 but I suppose that is cheap for london.My husband was even happier when Chelsea won 4-0.I would certainly recommend this package/Hotel to anyone who is thinking of going. It will be well worth the expense.Our thanks to everyone who made it a cracking weekend. keep up the good work.Merry Xmas	
Nov 11 2004	Appalling value for money	Although London hotels are notoriously poor value for money compared with the rest of the world, I have to say that the Chelsea Village Hotel is the most over-priced hotel I've ever stayed in.Who's writing the positive reviews - Ken Bates?The lobby's fairly attractive, but aren't they always?The rooms are tired and dated, and some areas of the hotel were just dirty.Room service wasn't bad, but breakfast was overpriced.Don't be fobbed off with a room in the Court Hotel opposite - this is even worse.I have no idea how this hotel merits four stars.Look elsewhere for a better deal - you could do so much better than this hotel.	
Oct 23 2004	A little bit of luxury	My boyfriend treated me to a night here with dinner at Gordon Ramsey's. What a perfect night! I have no idea how much the hotel cost so cannot really comment on the value, but we were treated at all times like special guests. The lobby is grand and the staff are friendly and efficient. The rooms are not large but all that we required. Bathroom clean. We had tea and snacks in the lobby and received excellet service at a reasonable price for a large hotel. When we returned in the evening we had cocktails in the lounge - a really lovely end to the night.	
Oct 8 2004	Good Experience with a few quirks	Overall this is a good hotel, but the staff could be a bit more organized. When we arrived at 8am after an overnight flight from the East Coast of the US, they said our room wouldn't be ready until 2pm, even though I had informed the hotel of our arrival time. But within a couple minutes they had an identical room ready for us, so it was only a momentary nuisance. We ate dinner at the hotel that night and were told that breakfast is served until 11am, but when we arrived at that same room at 10:10am we were told breakfast was over and were offered a single croissant each, even though we had breakfast included in our room rate. It was the hotel's fault we missed breakfast, but they accepted no responsibility for the errors of their own staff. We had breakfast the next two mornings and it was quite good, which made us even more upset about the one we missed. The room itself was quite nice, but the sleep-sofa was not very comfortable for an adult. The hotel is frustratingly inconsistent, with some very good qualities but some maddening quirks as well. The Fulham Broadway underground station is only a five minute walk, and there is a large number of shops and restaurants near the station. Depending on your needs, this could be a very good hotel. We received a very good price through an internet travel agency, so we were quite satisfied overall.	
Jul 22 2004	Really Nice Great staff	We went here in December 2003 for Christmas. It was a really lovely hotel, the rooms are clean with all the amenities and the bathroom was very clean and neat too.The staff are brilliant and there are two restuarants, one bar and a small bar which has delicious light meals.The only problem we did have was our christmas lunch. We weren't too impressed as it seemed that it had been warmed up and the potatoes weren't that great either (they just dont taste the same warmed up....). To be fair it was Christmas and I assume they made the meals before or something but still we expected something alot more tastier than that.If you are thinking of going around a holiday time like Christmas check with the hotel first as the other main restuarant that specialises in seafood was not open during the whole time we were there!Otherwise the experience was really enjoyable and I do recommend it for others.	
Jul 17 2004	Good location	We used this hotel in early May as the scheduled starting point for a European Coach Tour. The hotel is located a little way from central London but fortunately is handily located close to an underground station (a short 5 min walk) and a bus stop for buses into London is situated right out side the hotel entrance. The grounds for the hotel are enclosed with in the Chelsea football clubs compound. A shop is directly across the street from the entrance and handy for food and drinks etc. The rooms are comfortable and of a good size. We found the staff very friendly, informative and helpful. The included continental breakfast is adequate but for a little extra charge, a cooked English breakfast is available. We would recomend this hotel as a base for a stay in London.	
Apr 27 2004 	nice hotel good value for money	Nice Hotel in a very and quiet place (of course not so quiet in match days!!!). We stayed there 3 nights with no problems. :)	
Feb 1 2004	What a rip off...False advertising	What a rip off.all the hotel info on web pages state that there is an indoor pool, what it dosen't state is that it costs £25 per person to use it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!So if you want a 30 min swim be prepared to spend £50 per couple!Never will stay there again...What a let down...False advertising	
Jan 1 2004	Look elsewhere	Just stayed there for 3 days over the holidays. This is definately, I repeat, definately not a 4 star hotel. We were not at all pleased with this hotel. Here's what I found... small room with small beds and semi-dirty bedspreads and couch in our room, concierges that knew virtually nothing about the area, and poor, overpriced food in the restaurant. I don't recommend it.	
Oct 31 2003	Never Again!	Truly appalling! They lost our car park booking which resulted in us having to park 2 miles away as it was a match day, our plan had been to stay at the Chelsea village as it was convenient for watching the football, having travelled for 3 hours to end up parking 2 miles from the hotel was certainly not convenient. Little in the way of an apology from the management. The hotels decor is dated and tired looking and at £160 our room was very over priced. I would never stay in this hotel again!	
Oct 30 2003	Fantastic	I took my partner here for his birthday and being a huge Chelsea fan i thought it would be the best present and i was right. The rooms were huge and so clean and tidy the bathroom was amazing with a heated floor. It was expensive but worth every penny. The food in the shed bar was lovely and the service was brilliant. All the staff were helpful and very polite. I didn't feel like we were in London at all. I was really impressed and i can't wait to go back.	
Sep 21 2003	Excellent	The hotel is absolutely outstanding! I take my American students each January to Britain and we always stay at the Chelsea Village. The rooms are very nice and clean, the staff is enourmously courteous and helpful, and the food is outstanding.	
Sep 13 2003	Fantastic	I took my partner to the Chelsea Hotel as a birthday treat, we stayed for 2 nights, and altough expensive, the servce and rooms were fabulous. Staying in the main hotel we had access to the area through both taxi and tube and the staff could not have been more helpful, taking the time to explain how to get to various parts of the City etc. The food was also very good, with a large varity for even the picky eaters and I found that the bar was also very hospitable with staff always willing to offer help and advise as well as there footballing knowledge! As part of the time there we also took the stadium tour, and even though I dont support Chelsea the guide made me relaxed by including refrences to my team through out the time. I could not recommend this hotel more highly, all of the staff were fab, the food great and the atmosphere relaxed. One more point to note, the hotel has a Tursim For All Award which means that it has been asedssed and passed for people with disabilities and, having studied this subject in depth at University, I can see why.	
Aug 19 2003	Excellent Trip !	We stayed for 3 nights in the Chelsea Village Hotel July 2003. The hotel was very nice indeed ! It is part of the Chelsea football stadium complex and was apparently only built a few years ago. On first approaching the outside of the hotel it all looks very modern and new. There is also security around the complex which makes you feel that bit more secure - Although Chelsea is a very nice (expensive) area and certainly should never be required ! On entering the hotel we were greeted by the concierge who guided us up the escalators to the reception desk. Check in was quick and we were soon in out nice air conditioned room overlooking a view of London.The bathrooms were particularly nice - With excellent power showers that all have a massage feature on the shower head.Although we didn't try them, there are several very nice looking restaurants and bars in the complex. We did make it to breakfast though and it was a very nice buffet style ranging from sausages to cereals and eggs to croissants.Overall this hotel looks and IS extremely high classIn summary:Plus points - Looks nice ! , Excellent foyer, nice elevators ! , clean, quality fittings, double glazing, personally controlled air con in all rooms, free Sky Sports channels and Chelsea football TV (and I'm not a football fan !), 4 minute walk to Fulham Broadway tube station, nice area. Good value for money but look for deals.Bad points - NoneWould return - Yes	
Oct 27 2009 	??????????????????????????		
Oct 19 2009 	ottimo hotel e ben collegato al centro di londra		
Oct 8 2009 	Superiore alla media londinese		
Sep 16 2009	Wo sind die Millionen der angeblichen Renovierung?		
Sep 15 2009 	Albergo di qualità elevata		
Aug 19 2009 	Super!		
Aug 7 2009 	Un buen hotel poco céntrico		
Jun 4 2009 	Gutes Hotel für Fußballfans aber auch London-Reisende		
Apr 14 2009 	Scelta eccellente. Ci tornerei subito		
Jan 25 2009 	???????????????????		
Dec 11 2008 	bastante bien		
Oct 30 2008 	Molto bello		
Oct 22 2008 	??????????		
