	ubiquitous large hotel but excellent value for money	Rooms were a decent size, very clean and very quiet. Excellent location and good value for money.	
Nov 24 2009 	rooms not up to standard but not really the staff's fault	Having chosen the park Plaza for its location and we had stayed at the park Plaza Westminster before and having a fab stay. In a excutive suite. We were looking forward to re- living the experiance.Although centrally located for great shopping walking and restaurants, the park Plaza seemed dingy to say the least. The rooms were tired, marks and stains to furniture and carpets, curtains thin and ill fitting, rooms felt cold and un loved. The sliding door to the open terrace could not be locked and i found the place a little depressing. The staff on reception were friendly enough and we were invited to enjoy an excutive lounge were there were free drinks, canapes &amp; papers - yet another dull room, with hard chairs, bright lights very poor drinks selection and canapes? some sort of chicken mousse sausage thing sliced and served on a cracker (tasted of nothing) and a bowl of chinese rice crackers! if you are giving away anything give good or not at all.The location is great for station and many eating houses! but the Westiminter park plaza is leagues ahead far nicer, cosy, contempory styling and a much warmer feeling.	
Nov 24 2009 	Bed needed to be upgrade	Very good well designed hotel ,The location and breakfast is good.However, the downsides are :1) No air condition at winter tiimes, only warm air will blow out from the machine.So stuffy room foe some days and need to open the window.2) The beds become too soft or due to overused and you can't feel the support of the mattress at all.So very uncomforably bed and pillows.So I think they should put more money in maintaining or upgrading the bed mattress and blankets.I prefer a hotel with provision of all the basic stuffs such as good sleep bed and pillows rather than having a good looking hotel. 3) also early check in is usually not entertained although I've seen empty rooms upstairs.4) The internet rate is expensive : 15 pounds per day or 60 pounds a week .Most likely I would not come back again, I think I can find better one with similar price nearby	
Nov 19 2009 	ParK Plaza Victoria	The good points were : complimentary morning paper, excellent buffet breakfast, freedrink from 6 to 8 PM. The hotel is located in a good location (near Victoria Station) withgood restaurants near by. The only neagative was our room had a faulty toilet that would not flush. We had to complain three times before we were moved to another room.Inspite of this, I would still recommend the hotel.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent well located hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one Saturday evening in November. We arrived at the hotel at 0945 not expecting to check in but just drop our bags, we were greeted by an excellent receptionist who welcomed us to the hotel and offered to check us in, there was four in the party and we had requested rooms close to each other. The receptionist offered to up grade us to a two bedroomed family apartment at no extra cost so we could all stay together, the apartment was excellent on the 8th floor with a large lounge area with wide screen TV, table and chairs for 4 people, fully equipped kitchen facilities - hob, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, kettle.This was excellent as you could bring things back to your room to cook, especially handy if your staying for longer than one night. The apartment had a huge outside balcony from which you could view many of the city's sights as well as watching the many planes go past every couple of minutes. The bathroom was well equipped with hair dryer, toiletries, large walk in shower as well as a huge bath with shower head. The bedrooms were ok in size but also had large screen tv's. The hotel is in an excellent location right behind Victoria station, easy to get to from most areas of London. We used the tube and buses to travel around and did not have any worries about coming back to the hotel late on the evening. We did not have anything to eat or drink in the hotel so cannot comment on prices or quality but the services we did use were all excellent, it seems the hotel is fairly new and the decor was very modern. The staff we came into contact with were all very friendly and helpful. When we checked out we used the free luggage storage service which seemed very secure as this was only accessed by the conceirge	
Nov 13 2009 	OK hotel but overpriced	I have stayed at this hotel many times since we have a corporate rate and it is close to the office. The location is very close to Victoria station. The staff is usually helpful and friendly and the rooms are usually clean, although a bit small (even for London). However, I have found there is always something wrong with the room. My last stay it was the heating in the room. Other times there has been dripping water in the bathroom, keycards that get de-magnetized on your way from the reception to the room, noisy air-conditioning, etc.The breakfast buffet is very good.	
Nov 13 2009 	disappointed..wont stay any more.	have stayed in park plaza london earlier also.last 2 times had some issues..one or the other.this time was terrible.No internet connection in the room.very poor support.promises to set right never kept.had to meet the GM.nice person&gt;&gt;.helped with wireless internet connection.from the day till i came until i left Mini Bar never worked.....many reminders ..many promises..no action.to check in..to checkout..and to address a concern..long waiting at the Reception Desk.the main prtoblem with the hotel seems to be no action being taklen or...very delayed action.all staff coulkd be more friendly(except very few).Dop Not Disturb Sign is not respected.House keeping staff who do not speak english just walk into the room even without knocking at the door.remember to always request for the Body Soap...if not you dont get it in the Toilet...it seems the Hotel does not want any one to have a shower with Soap!!!:)in the room during winter the Air conditioning only heats up.too warm if AC switched on.have to keep windows open...again...makes it noisy in the night.Heard that whoever made this Hotel this is how it was made!!!!unbelievable!!!time to call someone to set it right.good things are that the hotel is close to Victoria station.good location.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel great location	I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Booked it because of the conference, I was not disappointed. The hotel is modern and clean and has an efficient professional staff, all very friendly and welcoming. Concierges are very helpful, especially Danny. The room was very spacious the bed was comfortable, the room had US adapter. The breakfast at the hotel was very good.Hotel has a great location for vacation or business, very central for a lot of the touristy sights. 2 minutes walk to Victoria train station and Tube, shopping close by, lots of great restaurants and bars .Walking distance to Parliament and Buckingham Palace.	
Nov 3 2009 	A real find	We use this hotel at least twice a year and love it. Decided to post as I am amazed at the negative reports. Firstly, always book an exec. room the difference in price is well worth it. To find an hotel in the centre of London at such a good rate is in itself a huge plus. Love the early evening freebie as we then meet other guests and a party atmosphere soon develops before we all go our own ways. The staff have always been polite and accommodating. Only gripe - rooms need more light.	
Oct 29 2009 	Excellent location for famlies	We stayed for 3 nights with a package that included breakfast and free drinks and nibbles from 6-8 PM. First time at the Victoria, we usually stay at the County Hall site Excellent location for the tube or just walking into the City centre. No distance from Buckingham Palace. There’s plenty of good restaurants around the hotel, we used Giraffe, Wagamama and a great little Mexican restaurantLocation is clean and safe. The only problem was that our room was next to the lift shaft, we got used to the constant droning after the first 8 hours!Breakfast was very good, no waiting and pleasant staff. Very similar to the County Hall Park Plaza in decor and facilities, will be interesting to see what happens when the new Westminster Park Plaza hotel opens.Would stay again, excellent for families. There are cheaper hotels in London but at the end of the day you get what you pay for	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights (Oct 16/17) whilst visiting London for a family wedding.Personally I found the hotel's location perfect, close to Victoria Station/Tube, and therefore the rest of London. The hotel itself is perfectly fine, the rooms being large &amp; clean &amp; the reception/bar area quite nice. We did not eat at the hotel but did take breakfast across the road both mornings in the 'Giraffe' restaurant which was very tasty. There are also a lot of restaurants close by. When I return to visit London in the future I would definitely consider staying here again because of the location and the room rate we got through prepaying for our rooms thru the hotel's website.	
Oct 20 2009 	Nothing but lip.	Stayed at the Park Plaza over the W/E of 18th Oct. Visited London with 2 friends Sweden, I'm a Brit. The hotel location ,and condition was perfectly OK ,the rooms were nice and clean, beds comfortably.However we found the staff were, rude in most cases,and very abrupt.Simple requests like putting the drinks on the room were a major task, bare-faced lies regarding a change of TV channel.Having already eaten the breakfast, I asked if I could re-enter to pick up a fruit juice, before I'd finished I got a hand held up to my face, and told to speak to someone else, I tried again, and got the same response with more volume.That guy still does not know what I was going to ask for.....for all he knew I could have needed medical help.It's a shame ecause the Hotel itself in in good shape, however the last like I expect from hotel staff, is nothing but lip !Additionally, it seemed not confined to the odd individual, but 3 or 4 small irriting issues,from 3 or 4 different staff members seems more like a problem in training / hiring, although the staff behind the front desk were much more what one should expect.	
Oct 3 2009 	Good Quality Chain Hotel	I stayed at the Park Plaza Victoria for a week. This is a good hotel. It's part of a large chain, so it's a bit impersonal, but it's fairly well kept up and well run. I arrived at 8:30 am from a transatlantic flight so I expected to have to drop off my luggage and come back later to check in, but there was a room available and the manager at the front desk let me have it right then; a very pleasant surprise. The room itself was fine, no complaints. I did not use any hotel facilities. I had breakfast at the hotel once; a fairly standard and quite acceptable buffet-style operation. There are pleanty of coffee/sandwich shops nearby. The hotel's location is excellent if one wants to be close to the Victoria Station rail/tube/bus hub.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great location and modern hotel	Modern, efficient professional staff, clean and a perfect location for leisure or business. Walk to Victoria train station and Tube, shopping close by including a M&amp;S food store (save $). Good lounge. Walk to Parliament and Buckingham Palace. I have stayed here before and sought it out again on this trip because I knew it was reliable. I dislike drafty old hotels with hot water that might not be so hot. and elevators that are tiny and scary. Like all UK mattresses, this one was a bit soft but he rooms are large (like US hotels for those of you who are obsessed with room size).	
Sep 11 2009 	A bit pricey for what you get	My husband, 6 year old daughter, and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza 2 nights, one the night before our coach tour &amp; one the night after, a week apart. The first night check-in was very late due to our plane landing at Heathrow just after 8 pm, then waiting for our luggage, and the 1 hour subway ride to Victoria Station. The hotel is super convenient to Victoria Station &amp; lots of theatres and sightseeing. We had requested a room with a queen or king bed plus a roll-away or sofa bed for our daughter. We did indeed get a large king bed with a roll-away tucked next to the window. Truly, the bed was large enough that all three of us could have easily fit, but our daughter was thrilled to have her own little bed. The first night we were so tired and hungry we decided to just order room service. At that late time, the menu is limited. Mostly just sandwiches. The sandwiches were just brown wheat bread with a slice of cheese &amp; loaded with ham, but certainly not 30 pounds worth for two sandwiches &amp; a few &quot;crisps.&quot; The next morning we had to meet our tour group early, so we woke early and got every one ready in the tiny, but clean bathroom. The staff at reception the night before incorrectly told us breakfast started at 6:30. This time is correct Monday thru Saturday, but Sundays it starts at 7, leaving us with only an hour to eat and walk to the tour center. Breakfast was included in the room rate and was a serve-yourself buffet style with runny, watery scrambled eggs (yuck), sausages, hash browns, and a variety of cereals &amp; pastries. A waiter took our hot drink orders (coffee and hot cocoa). The staff was quick to take away dirty dishes and offer refills on the coffee.The second night was at the conclusion of our coach tour. Having been in the UK for a solid week, we realized that runny, watery scrambled eggs were the norm. Everywhere we went (Lancaster, Edinburgh, Glasgow, etc) served the same breakfast with very little variation regardless of the brand or size of the hotel. This time we decided to go out for dinner, only to find that many places close by couldn't serve us do to the pub vs. restaurant rules that state that children cannot be served after a certain time. It was 7 pm and we ended up going to Sainbury's and picking up sandwiches to take back to the room. This night the room was exactly one floor above where we had been the first night. But this room was dirty and dingy. The carpeting just outside the bathroom door had obvious mildew from too many leaky showers. The sink was not dirty, but seemed old and worn despite being the same style as the sink in the first room.Upon check out both nights, we were asked what currency we wanted our credit card billed in, pounds or euro or US dollars. Being American we requested dollars, but were charged in euros.The absolute BEST thing about this hotel is it's location. It only took us 4-5 minutes (with three suitcases &amp; a tired 6 year old) to walk to and from Victoria Station. We had some time before we needed to head to the airport for our flight home, so we walked to Buckingham Palace, Big Ben &amp; the London Eye, and Westminster Abbey and back along Victoria Street to the hotel. All in just over 90 minutes. I can say that I want to return to London for a more detailed sightseeing tour, but I wil NOT be staying at this over-priced, not quiet a 4 star hotel.I would only recommend this hotel if location is your primary concern.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great location nice room	Nice room, comfortable beds, quiet. I had to book a room with 2 beds, and bith were comfortable. Its in a great location because it is very close to Victoria Tube and Train station, yet walkable to Big Ben etc. This location was great for travel to the underground station, the trains to southern cities I visited, and the bus/tour bus station was a short walk. Also, Victoria station has food, groceries, etc. I liked this location much better than Bayswater where I stayed last time. The hotel room was very modern, quiet on the 5th and 6th floors, air conditioned etc.Complaints? Ok, for the $$ I spent, they could at least have a free computer you could use like many other hotels do. Also, the tubs are very high sided, so stepping in and out is tricky, especially for older people when the pretty tile floors get slick. Take care is all.I would definetely stay there again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Lower end of 4 star but great location	This hotel is at the lower end of 4 star however the location is fantastic. The hotel is less than 5 minutes from the Victoria overland and tube train stations, making it very easy to travel around London and beyond. There are also two small supermarkets nearby together with a larger store (Sainsbury). Hotel staff are helpful and friendly, though the rooms are somewhat dated. Although located in quite a busy area, the rooms are well insulated from the outside noise. There is a small fitness centre on the 3rd underground floor but no pool.	
Aug 25 2009 	Try to find something better for this much money!	I will start from the end: I noticed the hotel charged without asking me my credit card in euro, instead than in GBP, this I am sure they did on purpose because the exchange rate applied is higher and is increasing their income. I stayed for 4 nights, the only reason to be there is the location. I stayed in the Park Plaza in Bangkok and I loved, I choose this one thinking was the same and I was so much disappointed. The rooms are pretty old, although not so small as other hotels in London, bedsheets are old even though are clean, there is old tv with little channels and often not working, no DVD set, no lights except the main switch, so the room is quite dark. The wardrobe has a fancy handle so stupid you cannot even grab as little it is! Bathroom ok, the staff is providing little things for personal care (only soap, shower gel and shampoo). NO SLIPPERS! Unbelievable! I even complained with the reception, they don't care very much, they learned like an answering machine how to check in and check out a customer and that's it! Gym is very small but at least is complimentary, the only thing, because internet is for paying in the room and in the hall, no complimentary water in the room, generally the impression is you are paying even for the air you breath. Breakfast is good although after a while you get bored. Of course the location is good because around there is everything you may need, and Victoria station for transportation. I know London is like this, and the other hotels are more or less the same, but this is not the service of a 4-star hotel of such a prestigious chain.	
Aug 20 2009 	Vacation on London	A very good hotel, very central with good condition for leisure or business trip.The only critic i do is the fact of they make wedding cerimonis and the guest were vey noisy. I think the hotel must be more carefull.They have a good restaurant and the personal are very professional and nice with the guests.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good central location but falls short of 4 star hotel	Did not get off to a good start when booking in! Despite producing e-mail confirmation from travel booking company confirming that account was to be charged to my employers (pre-arranged, as is the usual practice with our large organisation), receptionist insisted that I could not be allocated a room until I tendered my credit card! I explained that I was running late for an extremely important appointment and that payment had all been prearranged - she would not be convinced and said she would have to make some telephone enquiries. Her male colleague continually butted in to say that I could not be allocated a room until confirmation of payment was received - felt quite humiated by that point! I was then left hanging around reception for some considerable time until I had my employers intervene. Missed appointment - my sole reason for travelling to London and had to reschedule. Very poor customer service.Room was huge and bed clean and comfortable. Bathroom grubby with taps etc stained from previous occupants use. Tea/coffee tray but no frills such as biscuits, water etc, although there is an ice machine next to the lift. Had just emerged from the shower at 0845 hrs when cleaner knocked once and then marched into the room without waiting for an answer!Main lounge area next to reception is a pleasant place to relax but carpet is heavily stained and should be cleaned or replaced.On attending at restaurant for breakfast, which was included in tarriff, I was told there were no seats left and I would have to take my self service breakfast into lounge area and eat it at low coffee type table. Breakfast was okay but there was no sign of any staff behind the servery and a lot of items had not been replaced (9.00 am).All in all - yes I would return and give it another chance as it is really handy for Victoria train station and the Underground.	
Aug 14 2009 	Pros and Cons 	We stayed here for 12 nights during August 2009.Pros: Concierges are very helpful; Rooms are modern and clean; 2minute walk to Victoria subway/bus/train station.Cons: No free wifi (available in nearby eateries); Older guests should be careful not to slip while entering/exiting the bathtub.Suggestions:The hotel is bounded on opposite sides by Wilton Street and by Vauxhill Bridge Road. On Wilton, within 3 blocks from the hotel are some very good restaurants--a. Grand Paradisio - Mediterranean, Spanish, and moreb. About Thyme - varietyc. Or, save lots of money buy getting take-out food/liquor from Sainsbury's grocery store.At Victoria Station, a good French restaurant is Chez Gerard.For good Chinese or Japanese food, try Chinatown (Gerard Street) not far from Leicester Square.If you're staying a few days, buy an Oyster card for discounted travel on subway, bus; renting a car is expensive and impractical if you're staying in London.Discount same-day theatre tickets from TKTS booth in the center of Leicester Square.British Natural History Museum - great exhibit dinosaur exhibit, but get there as soon as it opens, as the lines grow fast and long. British Museum is free and less crowded.	
Aug 1 2009 	Fantastic Location Spacious Room So-So Service	I came to London alone and was so excited to explore the city. Being in Victoria, right next to the tube/train station was perfect for my traveling needs. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous, and I was so pleased with my room when first entering. I had heard hotel rooms in Europe were a bit smaller. But this room was comparable to anything in the states and the bathroom looked brand new. Unfortunately, the U.S. adaptor didn't work, the shower leaked heavily, there was no air conditioning, and a faulty light. I can't say the view is fantastic either.... After calling and have someone look at my shower I was able to move into another room and it was hassle free!! The people at the front desk are very friendly and I did love this hotel but without my package deal inclusive of travel, hotel stay, and theater I probably would have looked for a better value hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Not perfect but convenient and generally very nice	My sister-in-law and I stayed at this hotel during our 5-day trip to London in July of 2009. We had a little bit of trouble finding the hotel initially after coming from the Victoria coach station, but that was mostly due to a poor map. Generally speaking, the location is extremely convenient as you can get anywhere you need to from Victoria station. The lobby of the hotel is very nice, although I have to say that check in was slow because the front desk was extremely busy. We arrived early afternoon - probably 1:00 or 2:00 pm - and got into our room right away which was very nice. The room was spacious, modern, and clean. We usually had no trouble at all with housekeeping, however one morning they seemed to have come in and made the beds without doing anything else. No new towels and the bathroom was still dirty. Also, we were disappointed that the hotel bar closed so early, but then so do all of the pubs in London. Finally, we were going to make use of the computers and internet access in the hotel lobby until we found out that the cost was 25 pence PER MINUTE. We found that to be absolutely ridiculous and decided not to use it. I can understand if a hotel charges to use their computers, but at least make it a reasonable rate! Anyway, I was however impressed when the hotel sent us a survey to complete when we arrived home and that they actually responded to my complaints. Hopefully improvements will be made in the future. Generally speaking, I would recommend this hotel. It is convenient, spacious, and modern - what more could you ask for?	
Jul 30 2009 	Great location	The hotel is conveniently located to Victoria Station and several small restaurants. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. The lighting in the rooms was not the best and the carpet throughout the hotel needs to be replaced. Perhaps they are waiting until it's closer to the Olympics? However, the room was clean, quiet, and comfortable with plenty of storage space. The breakfast in the Executive Room was good. We ate in the restaurant one night and had a late snack in the bar which were both enjoyable.	
Jul 20 2009 	One should expect more from a four star hotel	This hotel can be easily found, just few steps from Victoria train station, which is very comfortable when you want to party in Vauxhall clubs.When I made my reservation I've emphasized my early (is it really early?) arrival at 12 o'clock, but unfortunately my room wasn't ready, I was asked to leave my luggage at concierge and came back at 2 o'clock. When I came back at 2 o'clock it occured that there was 30 people waiting at the reception desk to check-in.The concierge service can only offer storing your luggage, asked for booking the movie theatre tickets, bringing speakerphone to my room or ice-bucket was impossible for them.The rooms are spacious, but the sheet was ripped; there are lovely heated mirrors in the bathroom but the glass restraining water from leaking on the floor while taking a shower was hardly screwed which I noticed just before it could fall off and make same serious damage.Reasumming my stay in Park Plaza Hotel was full of unpleasant surprises :( I won't stay there again!	
Jul 14 2009 	SOUR STAY-EXPENSIVE HOTEL	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for three nights. From the minute we checked in, it was obvious that the front desk reception staff were untrained and unfriendly. It was as though we were imposing on them to let us stay there! We were so sorry to have arrived!Although the room itself was not bad, the lighting in the bathroom was deplorable. The cost of breakfast was astronomical, but luckily the hotel is near to several eating places and restaurants. In terms of location, its excellent-in terms of everything else, it certainly needs some positive team work, some staff upgrades and training...its better to stay at the Hesperia..which I will do from now on...	
Jul 11 2009 	Great staff running a mediocre facility	I stayed at this hotel for a few nights with two other family members in one room. Getting a triple accommodation in London is tough in my experience, but this place was quite flexible, offering a sofabed in a king room. The price was steep, typical of London, but the experience was not a great one. Let me say at the outset that the staff here are fantastic, but they have been given a mediocre hotel to run. It is hard to believe that the chain does not invest in the hotel to clean it up or replace worn furnishings, and the room design is simply awful. Although the rooms are adequately clean and the lobby is rather striking, the halls are filthy dirty and the &quot;executive breakfast room&quot; (only available for the higher priced rooms) looks worn out and frayed. The breakfast itself is pretty good, and the server was courteous and quite friendly. The first room we were given did not have a working AC unit, so we were quickly and efficiently moved to an apartment, which represented a free upgrade. I can't say this was a typical room, but it was not comfortable. The bed was poorly made up (I hate when too-small bottom sheets work their way out from the mattress and the bed ends up a mess). The lighting was annoying with only glaring ceiling spotlights that could not be used to read in bed. The wi-fi internet worked fine (extra charge - could not get the 1 hour free wired version to work, but they offered to come fix it right away had I wanted it). The location is great for the two Victoria area theaters (we picked up seats for Wicked from the box office right down the street, and Billy Elliot was playing around the corner). The hotel is a short walk to Victoria station and we were able to roll our copious luggage there and catch the Gatwick Express train with no problem. The Victoria area is a short walk to Big Ben, the Eye, the War Rooms museum, Buckingham Palace, Trafalger square etc, but you would want to take a cab back to the hotel after a west end theater show lets out at night (except for the two nearby theaters). All in all, this could be a great London hotel if the chain would invest in upkeep and interior upgrades. The staff is excellent, work hard, and deserve better.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Hotel - Definitely recommend it!	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights while visiting London. The location was very convenient, an easy 5-10 minute walk to Victoria station and the rooms were clean and nice. I paid extra to have breakfast included and It was worth it. I was traveling with my 9 year old and I recommend it for families with kids.	
Jun 29 2009 	Good stay	We stayed for 1 night in June 09. Check in was efficient - we got into our room earlier than the 2 pm normal time. The room was comfortable - well lit - with a king size bed. We'd have been comfortable staying fro longer. Good bathroom. Everything clean. Friendly helpful staff. Victoria Station close by.	
Jun 25 2009	great hotel great location	My husband and I stayed at the Park Plaza reciently, we found the room clean and comfortable, the staff were helpful and friendly, the hotel is close to Victoria Station, and easy walk to attractions.	
Jun 23 2009 	Hassle Free Hotel	I stay here regularly while on business in London. Its certainly not the plushest hotel out there but represents good value for money. The rooms are mid-sized with the usual amenities (desk, tv, small table, safe, etc) and always clean.The location is so-so.... Victoria is a bustling area but somewhat charachterless, although it is close to many of the major tourist attractions and very handy for the tube.The only complaint I had about this hotel was when I tried to look for a cable for the &quot;free internet&quot; I was told they were all in use. I was not best pleased... but after some strong words they agreed to enable the wireless access for me at no extra charge.	
Jun 18 2009 	Perfect weekend stay at the Victoria Park Plaza!	Me and my partner stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for only one night as we went there to see the show Wicked which was about 2 minutes from the hotel which is well worth seeing it if you will be staying there.. it was amazing!! The hotel was really nice and modern. My partner and i stayed in an executive room which was a really nice size and had a lovely bathroon and a huge bed that was so comfortable. The food was nice and the executive lougne was good as you get free drinks in there from 6pm-8pm ( guests in executive suites only). The hotel was just minutes away from victoria train station and victoria tube station and it was really easy to get to. I would deffinatly stay there again on my next trip into london.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Hotel	was fine for a business stay, and close to central london - victoria station/tube, long walk to the thames and buckingham palace. hotel was showing some signs of age: spots on floors, etc, but everyone was terrific, the place was clean, nice gym, and good food.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel and great location	We really enjoyed staying at this hotel. Booked it because of the good reviews on Trip Advisor and as usual, we were not disappointed. So close to Victoria Station and lots of great restaurants and bars. The hotel staff were all very friendly and welcoming which is unusual for a city hotel. Our bedroom was on the 7th floor looking out to the back of the hotel so it was nice and quiet. The room was very spacious and the bed was extremely comfy!! We found the location to be very central for a lot of the touristy sights ( no tube travel required ) Great hotel.	
Jun 14 2009 	underground access and walking distance to sights but no nightlife	Good price and my room was clean and quiet with a view over rooftops that I enjoyed. It was within (long) walking distance to many of the places I wanted to see, e.g. Buckingham Palace, Westiminster Abbey, etc. It was good for me but may be too long for some people, and definitely too long for children. It is right next to the train station, so it was easy to get to via the train and then underground from the airport, and it has easy access to the underground to other sights and areas (e.g. Tower of London, Picadilly Circus, West End.) All around the hotel however it is a very busy street scene with lots of construction and kind of run down with nothing happening at night. Also be warned they charge your credit card 75 pounds in advance at check in for incidentals, promising to re-credit the card 2-3 days afterwards minus the incidentals. All in all, it would be good for a single business traveler but for vacation next time I might look elsewhere. I suggest families look elsewhere for more space and friendlier street scenes.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Hotel close to theatre and train station	The Victoria Park Plaza was more that enjoyable for my stay in London. I only stayed one night and was going to see Wicked and this hotel is really just a block away which was very nice as it took just two minutes after the show went out to stroll back to the hotel. The rooms are very nice, with a great working AC, nice large bathroom and comfy beds. The walls were a bit thin and I could hear my neighbors during the day but they were quite at night.It is also very close to the Victoria Station which makes arriving and going around London very easy.	
Jun 11 2009 	Enjoyable stay.	While not the best place I have ever stayed at, this hotel definitely holds its own. The rooms were very clean, if slightly sparse, and the hotel itself feels very modern. It is nearby many great restaurants and an easy walk to the theatres and to the underground station. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the woman who checked us in upgraded us to a king room... we aren't sure why, but we didn't argue! We stayed for only two nights at the end of our trip but I would absolutely stay here again.	
May 29 2009 	Loved the Park Plaza	We stayed here for just one night but the hotel was such a refreshing change from other hotels in the city of London , It is in the heart of central London, close to Victoria station and looks new and beautiful, i booked through the secret hotels offer at lastminute .com after guessing that the hotel was the park plaza . The bathroom was huge and had a shower as well as a bath tub , i was amazed when i saw the size since London hotels can be so expensive and yet crunch up the space ! What i also loved was that the room had a full length mirror , wonder why so many hotel rooms miss on this. The staff was prompt and helpful. All in all a very pleasant stay.	
May 28 2009 	Definitely Would Stay Again	Great location. Great value. So central and handy. Definitely enjoyed my stay. If you book a room with the buffet breakfast included would recommend eating your breakfast in the restaurant rather than the executive room on Floor One (just more comfortable and spacious --- and the breakfast is the same).	
May 24 2009 	Good hotel clean and modern rooms	I stayed in the Park Plaza hotel for a business trip, having a conference in the same hotel the following day. The hotel is literally a one minute walk away from Victoria train station so is ideal for those travelling by train. The hotel lobby is quite impressive, with plenty of staff available to deal with you. I stayed in an executive room that cost £160 for the night. The room was very nice and had obviously been recently renovated to a high standard. The room was very clean and the bed was large. There was every amenity that you could need for a business trip with Wi-Fi etc available. The room was quiet despite being above a busy road. The breakfast the following day was excellent. All of the staff that I spoke to during my stay were friendly. The conference facilities the following day were also good, they are situated below the main lobby area. I would recommend this hotel to those on business trips, but it would also be a good place to stay with your family if you are visiting London.	
May 18 2009 	Highly Recommended and Excellent Value	A refreshing experience. All the staff, with which I had contact, were polite and knowledgeable. The tone of voice and body language was sincere, indicating their willingness to be of assistance.The rooms are well equipped, clean and very comfortable.The Hotel is situated in a very convenient part of the West End of London, close to many amenities.Most appreciated was the fact that the bar area remained open until the early hours, offering a wide selection of beverages and snacks.“Don’t look this one over when searching for accommodation in London”.	
May 16 2009 	Great Location So So Staff and Room	We stayed here 2 nights on our first trip to London. The location was great, we walked out of the train station and even with many bags ( thankfully hooked together &amp; on rollers) we were able to walk across the street and easily found the hotel after asking some train station employees having a smoke break outside. The room was a bit of a disappointment, I had payed extra for an Executive Room and thought it would be at least a little plush. It was on the first floor, poor view, had 2 beds as we had requested and was not spacious at all. There were 2 bottles of mineral water, 3 small &amp; beat up looking pieces of fruit and a box of 2 chocolates - filled with a powerful booze flavored filling that was nasty. The chocolates were not replaced the next day and that was fine. Our first night there, at 1 or 2AM it sounded like we were sitting over a noisy bar. Turns out the people next door were having a loud party. I called the desk &amp; they were good about sending someone to ask them to pipe down. The concierge, Peter, was very helpful but often occupied with other guests. An assistant tried to help me with advice on which tube to take to get to our desired attraction that day, but I needed more help &amp; better advice than he could give. He tried to help but gave me such complicated instructions - with too many options, that it almost did more harm than good. The bathroom was nice but a little worn, the mirror next to the tub was badly etched at the bottom - mirror type backing worn away. The spa toiletries were very cheap quality although packaged nicely. The bathrobes were extremely old &amp; scratchy. I would have been embarrassed to offer robes to wear of this condition to a guest. The lounge was nice enough, you are able to get coffee or tea throughout the day - although the coffee is from a push button type machine and not great. The creamer offered is like skim milk, no half &amp; half available. The snacks are offered from 8pm to 10, I am sure I saw 6 to 10 advertised but this is not the case. We were at the ballet on our first night, &amp; tried the lounge our 2nd evening there. Snacks consisted of slices of ham on a plate, and 2 bowls of cracker like munchies. There was wine available, and nice bottles of beer &amp; cans of soda in the cooler. Maybe there were more snacks available earlier but they ran out, although we were in the lounge by 6:30. I got the breakfast from the lounge on our first morning &amp; was able to get a plate &amp; bring it back to my son, who wanted to sleep in that day. Most of the items looked pretty good, but the bin of scrambled eggs looked gray, undercooked and unappetizing. They were out of pastries except for toast. The other items were ok, not great, I would say this breakfast is worth 5 or 10 dollars. We had it because it came with the price of the room, but I would have been disappointed had I payed their ala carte price for it. The 2nd day we went down to the restaurant and the offerings were much better there, and there was adequate seating. In the lounge, all the tables were either occupied or full of old dishes, so taking it all back to our seemed the only option. The eggs were the same gray &amp; slimey looking concoction downstairs, but there were also fried eggs, potatoes, sausage &amp; ham as well as some very nice pastries &amp; fresh fruit. I would advise skipping the lounge location entirely for breakfast, the food is better in the restaurant the staff more helpful.I would stay here again if the price were right. The location is great and just a block away from 2 theaters, where Wicked and Billy Elliott were playing. We were busy &amp; only here for 2 nights, perhaps if I had bothered to ask we would have been given a better Executive room. The down points on this hotel is that it is so big and impersonal, and most of the staff seem apathetic &amp; not service oriented. London is expensive, so I suppose for what we payed (going through expedia) around $500 US for 2 nights including tax was not terrible. Still, for what we payed I did expect more.	
May 15 2009 	Loved the hotel location staff and atmosphere!	This hotel made a hectic start to a long vacation much easier than anticipated! My flight arrived to London at 7 in the morning and check-in was at 2 PM. I asked the front desk if we could check in early, and thankfully, we got a room upon arrival! The room was incredibly clean, the bathrooms were modern, and the beds extremely comfortable. What was even more convenient: the electrical outlets! They were American plugs and already converted. The service and staff was great as well. The location is great, Victoria station is just a short walk away. My one complaint would be the expensive internet BUT....right down the street is a great little cafe called &quot;Pret a Manger&quot; that offers free wi-fi.	
May 12 2009 	Perfectly fine	Stayed here for a business trip and was very pleased. The hotel is in a good location for Victoria and as a base for striking out towards Westminster.Check in was quick, efficient and friendly. My room was of a good size, clean and tidy and had the usual amenities (tea &amp; coffee making facilities, mini bar, safe, air con etc).The bed was very comfortable and the standard of décor very good. The bathroom was of a decent size and it had a luxurious power shower which was just the thing in the morning.I ate in the restaurant at both Breakfast and Dinner. Breakfast was busy but I was seated quickly and there was an excellent variety of food on offer, from pastries, fruit, cereals up to a full English, and the standard of food was very good. In the evening service was good although it took a little while for the food to come out of the kitchen and it wasn't particularly busy. Also, be aware that in the evening a discretionary service charge is added to your bill automatically, which I think is a tad cheeky. I queried this and it was removed from my bill without question.On the whole, a very pleasant stay and very professional staff. I would stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	Attentive Service and Comfort in the Heart of London	The staff at this hotel set it apart from the rest. The Reception and Concierge desks were always well-manned and the staff polite, smartly dressed and well-informed. A request for a quiet room was efficiently dealt with and was accompanied by a warm smile - all too often a rarity in hotels in this country.The dining room staff were equally attentive and professional and the breakfast banquet a feast for sore eyes. Although our Expedia package was on a room only basis, we opted for the hotel breakfasts. By paying in advance at check-in there was a reducion on the normal charge but even despite this saving breakfast represented wonderful value with everything on offer from fresh fruit of every description to the traditional 'fry-up'.Our bedroom was spacious with pleasing decor and the bathroom stocked with quality toiletries and even bathrobe and slippers.The location of this hotel is ideal for anyone wishing to visit the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey as the nearest Underground station, Victoria, (which is a leisurely 4 minutes' walk from the hotel), is only a couple of stops away.This hotel not only gets the thumbs up for comfort and location but for its excellent well-trained staff all of whom look as if they actually enjoy making your stay memorable for all the right reasons.	
May 6 2009 	Coool Plaza...	I had visited Park Plaza and stayed there on my 1st business trip to London. Park Plaza had been selected as it is situated at a stone's throw distance from Victoria underground station. My experience had been wonderful as the hotel and the rooms were well appointed and the representatives at the reception too had been very cooperative in providing valuable tourist information during my stay. The bar had fabulous lighting with all of the global drinks served. My friends and me had a gr8 time singing and drinking all night at the bar located at the lobby level. The breakfast served was continental and english which was also relishing too. I would definitely visit the hotel once more on my next trip to London......	
Apr 29 2009 	Great location - expensive internet.	Park Plaza Victoria is a nice, modern 4-star hotel only a few minutes walk from Victoria Station and close to Buckingham Palace, theatres, Big ben etc. Nice rooms, bathroom with amenities, good restaurant, fitness center, spa etc. and reasonable prices. Only downside was the lacking of free wi-fi.	
Apr 17 2009 	Easter holidays at the Park Plaza Victoria	The hotel is really very well located, a minute from Victoria Station and a short walk from Buckingham Palace or The Westminster Abbey. The room is quite big, very confortable bed and pilows, huge wardrobe. Coffee and tea facilities, there is a minibar but guarantee is requiered. The bathroom with a nice bath-tub. Good staff, very efficient reception and concierge staff. Breakfast ok a bit busy but normal taking into account is a bank holiday + weekend.	
Apr 2 2009 	No complaints!	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend break. Booked the Executive package with use of Executive Lounge (free snacks and drinks for two hours in the evening plus beverages and snacks available throughout the day) and English Breakfast thrown in, which was one of the best I have tasted in London. Hotel is in a great location with transport links just up the road and we found the staff pleasant and helpful throughout our stay. The hotel also has a spa which we will make use of next time we stay. The room we had was roomy and the bathroom had a stand-in shower/bath. On the whole very clean and well presented. Some people are complaining about the car parking situation. We found a 24 hr secure car park about a 10 minute walk away and if you are taking in a show (at selected theatres, check out Westminster website for details), present your parking ticket for validation and get half price parking. Bargain! I have yet to check my credit card statement for the £25 charge … hopefully I won’t have to claim it back.	
Mar 30 2009 	Unclean and unpleasant.	I stayed at this hotel and I was not at all impressed. Although it was nicely decorated, I found the bathroom to be unclean. The shower and floors were full of hairs, and I found the experience unpleasant. Also in the bar near the reception the tables were rather dirty, as were the toilets for this area. When you are paying the price for a decent hotel, the least you expect is cleanliness. Some of the staff were a little rude as well. I got dirty looks for wearing my jeans, but i didn't feel it necessary to wear my evening gown for sightseeing.The only good thing about this hotel is the location, it is literally around the corner from Victoria station, which makes it easy to go out and about.In my opinion this hotel is trying to be something it is not. Once they've cleaned the place, and made it a pleasant stay, then maybe they deserve their stars, but as it is I will definitely not be returning.	
Mar 27 2009 	Nice hotel but a complete rip off!!	I booked this hotel for me and my girlfriend as it was her birthday. Got a fair deal through last minute.com for one night stay in the hotel and 2 tickets to Madame Tussauds. We drove 3 hours to the hotel only for them to say there was NO parking spaces available. We then decided to go to Madame Tussauds in the mean time. After Madame Tussauds we decided to go back to the hotel to see if there were ANY parking spaces available. When we asked if there were any parking spaces available, we were told there were but we would have to PAY £30 A NIGHT! to stay in the hotels own car park! As we had no choice, we accepted. When we arrived at reception we were told we would get charged '£25 pre-authorisation' for any items which were removed from the mini-bar, which is fair enough. When wew went up to our hotel room to check our bank balance, we found out we got charged £125! We told reception and they said it waws done by a mistake on they're behalf (no apology) and that when we checked out, this amount would be canceled and the amount owed would be charged. I was told that as soon as the pre-authorisation was canceled my funds would be made available immediately. Checked out, drove home, found that the amount was not canceled and that I now have to WAIT 2-5 WORKING DAYS for the amount to be canceled. LONG STORY SHORT, DONT DRIVE UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY £30 A NIGHT TO STAY IN THE HOTELS OWN CAR PARK, AND WHEN HANDING OVER YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD, CHECK VERY VERY CAREFULLY FOR THE AMOUNT THEY ARE CHARGING AS IT COULD TAKE A LONG TIME TO GET IT BACK!! (also, air conditioning didn't work properly and very very poor workmanship done in barthroom)	
Mar 27 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	I stayed at this hotel in January, 09, for 8 days and I don't have any complaints, our plan included continental breakfast, we basically had breakfast and was gone for the day. The staff was wonderful,and helpful in directing us on getting around to the attractions. The Hotel is located about 5 minutes away from the Victoria Tube &quot;train&quot; Station, and within walking distance to many of the main tourist attractions, and two theaters. We saw &quot;Wicked ' at the Apollo and it was GREAT.There are also eatery/shope at the train station, restaurants of different etnicity close by and grocery shops. At the train station we chose the three day pass, we also bought tickets from the Original tour bus &quot;hop on hop off tour&quot; and were able to see a lot of the attractions on our list, there are three routes the tour buses travel and they are entwined with the major attractions, the ticket also included the River Thames day cruise . We bought tickets for the London Eye, but were unable to use them because the &quot;Eye had mechanical problems.We also did two days of bus tours with Evan &amp; Evans, they have different tours, so it's base on individual preferences. for tour 1, We chose Leeds Castle, Dover and Canterbury Cathedral, and tour 2, Windsor Castle, StoneHedge and Bath. the tour guides were great. I really had a great time.	
Mar 26 2009 	Warm service and comfortable rooms	The hotel had a great entrance and its proximity to the Victoria Station is very useful. The service was above expectations, the concierge was thoughtful and very well-versed. I was pretty impressed. The room was comfortable and well done up. Decent value for money.	
Mar 16 2009 	Good quality/price ration hotel	good position for the tube and connections with Gatwick airportThe room was really large and comfortable, but was too hot and we couldn't manage the heating.	
Mar 15 2009 	Nice place good location	I got a great Internet deal on Expedia, which knocked about $100 off of the rack rate, otherwise, it's a bit expensive. But if you can get a deal, take it, since it's a great place. It's really clean, the bed is very comfy, and the restaurant is good. Its location is awesome too: a one minute walk from Victoria Station, 10 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, and 5 minute walk to Cardinal Place, a shopping and dining area which has a Wagamama. Also, it's in a prime location for a lot of the theater district; Wicked and Billy Elliot were playing next door. Negatives: Internet is expensive; no alarm clock so we had to rely on wake-up calls, which they got wrong the first morning.	
Mar 15 2009 	It's great hotel	I and my wife has stayed at Park Plaza for our 2 days vacation in London and the hotel is great. The room is clean and very close to Victoria train station so it's convenience for us to go around London for sightseeing and enjoy our vacation. Staff is nice to us both and very helpful.I would stay here again for our next vacation in London.	
Mar 12 2009 	3 star sauna !	A supposedly 4 star deluxe hotel that should be marketed as a 3 star sauna not a hotel. My wife and I arrived for a weekend of work and pleasure. Unfortunately, due to the hotel's air conditioning being on winter mode and controlled by the hotel, we were unable to alter the unit in our room, which made spending time in it unbearable, as it was like sitting in a sauna. We were unable to sleep the first night ,which after a long journey getting to the hotel, spoilt our weekend.After complaining again the following morning, we were moved to a different room, which had no direct sunlight and with a large window which could be opened to let in fresh air.To be fair to the reception and concierge staff, they were polite and helpful and themselves could not understand why the system was functioning as it was, as it was a mild 13 deg celcius outside with plenty of sunshine. They had also received many similar complaints that same day.The food in the hotel is quite good, but the location means that you need to take a tube or taxi anywhere in London worth going to.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless they were planning to visit victoria station every day.	
Mar 10 2009 	Had a great time	I choose this hotel because of the location and from the ratings. There are lesser priced hotels in the area, but the reviews for those were a little more mixed (too noisy/no heat/no service/no lift/no water) and I didn't want to take the risk.This hotel has a great location. Close to Victoria Station which has sereval Tube a Bus connections. There a couple of theaters, reaturants, pubs, and clubs with in 10 minutes walk. You can walk to Westminster Abbey and Trafalgar square, but if you're a little out of shape like me, it is easy enough to catch the 11 bus from Victoria station. The room was spacious and clean. Large bathroom with huge and soft towels. The bed was soft and comfortable with clean sheets. A/C and heat worked well and made no noise. The room had outlets for all types of plugs including U.S. standards. We didn't hear any street noise despite the closeness of Victoria Station (it is bustling 24 hours a day). I have to admit the walls were a bit thin and could have been a problem if the neighbors were rowdy. Fortunately, ours were quiet.Staff is available 24/7 and were eager and enthusiastic in helping. Sometimes making them understand what you needed was a bit difficult. We did call on them quite a bit to help out with getting our outlets to work, getting recommendations, setting up reservations, etc. The only problem I had was one morning I asked for additional towels and none showed up after 30 minutes.As to the food, skip it. I can't attest to the quality, but at the prices they were asking I didn't want to bother. There are plenty of cafes, pubs, and quality restaurants with in 5 minutes walk. I would recomend this hotel for fellow mid-lifers who like their comforts and don't want to take a risk on the type of room you get at one of the cheaper hotels.	
Mar 8 2009 	Good enough!	I stayed for one night at the Park Plaza Victoria. Excellent location, just a block from Victoria Station. Polite and professional staff at the reception. Spacious and modern-looking lobby with a comfortable bar. Clean and spacious room (specially considering London average!). Decent and non-pretentious room decor. Quietness (at least in my room, which was on the 4th floor and faced an ample, interior courtyard). The mattress was perhaps a little too soft for me. The bathroom was clean and not too small. As other travellers have noted, the bath-screen is too short... One oddy thing: the hair-dryer is outside the bathroom, in the closet (there is a mirror next to it).Breakfast (continental, included in rate) was quite good; except for the tea and the coffee (but these hardly ever are good with hotel breakfasts...).	
Mar 4 2009 	Best Bit Was The Time Spent Outside the Hotel	Items went missing from the room. Manager was especially condescending and unhelpful. Problem never got resolved and due to the amount paid for the room as well as the four star rating of the hotel, this was a surprise. Management were too busy protecting their staff from getting into trouble rather than attending to the needs of the guest and the fact a theft had taken place. Legal action is considered. Police were not called in out of respect for the hotel and the hope that the missing items would turn up, this however did not happen and I find it hard to believe that the hotel staff even tried. Safe was not working in room, towels and bed linen was not clean either. This however was not reported as the four star rating led me and my partner to believe that the safe would not be needed and we didnt want to be a hassle with regard to the odd stain on the bed linen and towels. Important items were therefore kept hidden within the personal property of myself and my partner. The items should not have been found as they were hidden, the staff clearly ttok them. When this was mentioned on a follow up call from management, it was dismissed and blame was laid with myself for not using the safe. The night manager was rude and highly unhelpful and only shared any information when he knew the hotel could not be held responsible. Ruined the entire trip, hotel was a rip off and will never stay in it or a sister hotel if possible. Staff during breakfast seated us as far away as possible from other guests in the restaurant even though other tables were available and continued to clear and reset tables around us nosily and disruptively and made us feel unwelcome. This was a complete let down and the entire hotel was a disappointment. When checking in the room was not ready even though early check in was requested due to an extremely early flight. When we returned at a later time than suggested so as to give the staff more time, the room still was not ready. The check in staff were not easy to work with and did not go out of their way to help us. They clearly only did what was in their exact job description. When the room was finally ready to enter, no help was given or offered with baggage. The first morning of the room being cleaned was also shabby and messy. Apart from a well made bed, the rest was a shambles. Tea bags and milk were not replaced, the toiletries were strewn around, and towels were taken and not replaced even though they were folded and not on the floor as requested if you wanted them changed, glasses were cleaned but left in the bathroom and the floor was not cleaned. The description of the hotel also leads one to believe they are much nearer to Big Ben, the River Thames and Westminster than it actually is and this should be removed from the website immediately to stop other people wasting their money. Not a good experience. The entire place needs an overhaul and it needs to build a feeling of being welcome rather than just their to spend money. Everything including a morning paper is a charge and for the money you pay, its not worth it. I am still waiting for a response from the manager about the stolen goods and would not recommend this hotel to anyone. London was fab but the hotel BRUTAL.	
Feb 28 2009 	terrific London hotel	I stay there 2 months a year, in 1 week chunks. Location is unbeatable, rooms and bathrooms are spacious, the executive club room is convenient w/free snacks and drinks, and returning clients enjoy personalized service, free morning paper to room, etc. Wonderful young staff, all aiming to please altho occasionally baffled.	
Feb 25 2009 	Nice hotel with clinical atmosphere	The Park Plaza Victoria is located less than 5 minutes away from Victoria Station, which is most convenient, particularly as there are not too many (nice) hotels in the area. The hotel is modern, the rooms are clean and relatively spacious compared to other London hotels. However, already the reception area, but also the rooms and even the restaurant lack of atmosphere. We couldn't help feeling a little bit like in a hospital.Otherwise the hotel is nice and recommendable; sometimes pricey, but often not too expensive either. It is most recommendable if you need to be close to Victoria and if you travel with children, as the hotel has suites and apartments that can accommodate families as well.The breakfast was not very tasty, I have to say, and the service was not really attentive or particularly friendly. Whereas the receptionist at check-in was very helpful and welcoming, the receptionist who was on duty when we left was most unfriendly and did not even say goodbye when we left.	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect one night stay to watch a Musical	We got a great deal for the Park Plaza and had no expectations, except for those you generally have of London hotels which is generally poor and overpriced. We booked the overnight parking at £30 and were told to park outside and the concierge would help. This was the only disappointing side to our stay and the hotel needs to do more for guests on this part. After queuing for a while for the concierge we finally sussed that we had to reverse back up to a lift - there are no signs for this and you immediately drive past it.... It was a little scary driving into the lift and then finding a space.However, checkin was very good and we were speeding up to our room in minutes. The room was very clean and fresh, with good facilities and a clean shower and toilet. We went to see Wicked which is practically next door to the hotel so it was perfect for that stay. When my husband responded to a questionnaire with comments about the parking he received an apology from the Manager - which in my books is good customer service - I just hope they act on it.I would recommend the hotel for short stays in London, it is ideally placed for the most of the Shows and has some good restaurants around as well.	
Feb 19 2009 	Good location nice large rooms - but nothing extraordinary!	Stayed at the Park Plaza Victoria for three nights in December. Booked the hotel based on good reviews and it looked like a clean and neat hotel. A lot of hotels in London look really dodgy and I wanted something nice, but affordable. I think we paid about £130 a night, okay - but I'm not sure whether I think it was good value.It is situated close to the Victoria station (very handy if you are flying from Gatwick). The area around Victoria Station is a bit busy, but there are some nice and more quiet side streets with restaurants, bars and cafés. We had some trouble finding the entrance of the hotel. The building does not look very much like a hotel, it's just a plain business-like building. It felt like a hotel aimed at businesspeople as well - professional and unpersonal. The reception area is very nice, and the bar/restaurant looked good as well - we didn't eat there though so I cannot comment on the food/drinks. The staff were professional and nice. We arrived a bit early but were given a room straight away at the 6th floor. The room was large and there was lots of space, which is nice and quite unusual for London hotels?! Based on previous reviews we did not have the best room! No chocolate or fruit in our room! There was a hairdryer, minibar, safe and television. But the hairdryer was awful - there was no real on/off button so you had to keep pushing the button to keep it going, my thumb was aching after a few minutes so I had to give up - it also smelled awful (overheated, burnt) and there was no real power so I would have to stand there for ages! The bathroom was nice, but some places like the bath tub looked dirty - it might've been flaking paint but it still looked gross. The bed was comfy and we had a nice view from our hotel room, down to the busy street below, roof tops and we could get a glimpse of London Eye as well. Despite being a lot of traffic outside of the hotel we were never bothered by any noise. My only real complaint is the internet access, it was incredibly expensive!!! I think it was £ 20 a day! I've stayed at lots of hotel and never had anything close, and at this room rate the wireless net should be free! The location is great as it is possible to walk to Buckingham Palace, Oxford Street.. and the tube is just minutes away! The Apollo Theatre is nearby and there are lots of restaurants, cafes and bars in the area. Good area to stay in!All in all, Park Plaza Victoria a good hotel with nice, spacey rooms - but that's it! We might stay here again, but there are probably better hotels charging the same or lower price than Park Plaza!	
Feb 10 2009 	Nice bed. Terrible artwork and finishes in rooms	Staff at front desk average. Room spacious but little details like incorrectly directed lights and door handles which were impossible to open very annoying.They sprayed a room with some sort of chemical down the hall and then stunk everything up. Not very nice for our young baby.Area is average but convient to the train station.Breakfast is average as well. Nothning special for a hotel breakfast.Room faced onto noisy building works.Would stay again but for the price they asked would also consider similar hotels in better locations.	
Jan 29 2009 	Perfect Location for a little bit of everything	We spent our first three days in London here and the hotel was just perfect. I had booked with the hotel and received their business class upgrade, and that gave us access to the business lounge - which had complimentary breakfast and a 'happy hour' of sorts. It was so great to come back after a long day of sightseeing and go for a glass of wine or beer in the lounge and have a few snacks (oysters, crackers, cheese etc). One night this was our dinner as we were late for the theatre. the front staff was very accomodating, and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2009 	Excellent - no problems at all (single night)	Here with my better half for a single night prior to a business meeting and really couldn't fault the place. Very pleasant front desk staff who changed our room without complaint when we found we'd been booked a twin rather than a double. Quite large room, spotlessly clean and extremely comfy bed. We were on the 7th floor, sort of on the side of the building, so it was very quiet during the night too. Another big plus was the breakfast, which was one of the best experienced in a London business class hotel - self service admittedly, but a cracking full English - all well cooked and tasted like proper food as opposed to much of the horrid bland stuff many similar hotels manage to serve up !Very good conference centre on the lower ground floors too. Would certainly stay here again and it's perfect for Victoria station and for Victoria Apollo theatre where we got last minute cheap tickets to see &quot;Wicked&quot; - audience full of kids but a good show nonetheless.	
Jan 5 2009	Decent hotel inefficient front desk staff / check-in procedures	The hotel itself was nice and clean. The rooms were good size and the beds comfortable. The water pressure was good and the bathrooms in good condition. The internet rate we paid was very good.The front desk staff was another matter. They appeared confused, disorganised and unable to communicate clearly. They need to improve the booking and checking in systems / procedures for staff. Our simple on- line prepaid booking of 7 rooms caused chaos. The staff did not know what to do, the check-in took much longer than necessary. They were not communicating what we were expected to do, they kept disappearing from the desk and not explaining whether they wanted us to wait, etc. The staff would greatly benefit from customer care training and a list of standard questions / text for checking –in. Then the credit card was billed incorrectly - more than once. I had to have more than one conversation with the accounts dep. to sort this out.Overall – the hotel was very nice, but make sure you get a clear explanation from the front desk what they are billing you for and at what rate, or you might get a nasty surprise when your credit card bill comes through.	
Jan 4 2009 	Basic 4* hotel near Victoria Station	Stayed there 2 nights for New Year's Eve. Choosed this hotel first for its location and its price.Booked through booking.com and got a Superior (Standard) Double Room for £303 the 2 nights including taxes but no breakfast. Hotel is non-smoking which is good for us 2.Room on 4th floor was ok for the size but bathroom was rather small. Bed was King size but old and not comfortable at all. Didn't like it as well as the pillow. TV was not a flat one so for a 4* hotel in London it's old fashioned I think for the price you pay.Staff was ok.Good thing is the location near Victoria Station when arriving with the Gatwick Express. Tube and Buses really nearby.Shops and bars around as well as a good pub Wetherspoon's. Internet café nearby also. Try the Wagamama for dinner.Don't go there unless you get a good price.	
Jan 3 2009	Great Staff yet overpriced	We stayed here to get to a Southend United and Arsenal FC match. This hotel is overpriced. Not only per night, but for any amenity you usually have to shell out a lot of money to stay comfortable. If you are looking to save money, do not go to this hotel. The staff was incredibly nice, and gave us smart travel tips, the rooms were comfortable and the lobby and rooms were very stylish and pretty. Altogether a good hotel if you don't find spending too much money.	
Jan 2 2009 	parking a joke	I would like to pass on my experience on staying at this hotel.I would firstly like to mention about the parking situation which i think is disgusting when i asked where to park the car it was said cant park at hotel no spaces available so will have to park on the roadside alongside the hotel which we did .After parking in this space for about twenty minutes just to allow us to take belongings to our accomodation we arrived back at the car to find a penalty ticket of forty pounds.When we approached the hotel staff regarding the penalty they just said well you can park in NCPcar park which is situated about ten minutes down the road there were no apologies that we couldnt park on the hotel premises which i think that is the least they could do,when you book in at a hotel you expect a parking space.Not at any point does it state on the internet where i booked this reservation that the parking is very limited or you may have to park down the road.Secondly when i booked this reservation i booked two rooms with QUEEN BEDS only to find the both rooms had two single beds how can this be A QUEEN BED?So i would like to say not an enjoyable experience had by all of us,AND WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE!	
Dec 25 2008	Great Weekend	My wife and I spent two nights at the Park Plaza last weekend. This was our first visit to this hotel as we normally stay at the Cavendish in Mayfair. However, We needed to be near to Victoria Station this visit so we chose the Park Plaza because of its proximity and on the strength of reviews on Tripadvisor. The location was perfect for our needs as it was literally a two minute walk to the station and there was a reasonable choice of restaurants and bars in the immediate area. We were pleased to find our room was ready when we arrived shortly after midday. The room itself was spacious, clean and had everything you would expect from a four star hotel.We didn't have breakfast as part of our package but we used the bar three times for drinks and found the service excellent and reasonably -priced. The staff throughout the hotel were friendly and efficient. In fact we had no complaints whatsoever and will certainly stay at this hotel again in the future.	
Dec 20 2008 	Excellent!	I have just returned from four nights at the hotel and would thoroughly recommend it.The staff were friendly and helpful and we had a huge, modern, clean room with lots of facilities. There was a range of toiletries, bath robe, ironing board, iron, fruit, chocolates etc.The continental breakfast was also good, with a selection of juices, pastries, cereals, meats and cheeses.I think the hotel is excellent value for money and will definately go back!	
Nov 30 2008 	Nice room terrible concierge	The hotel is lovelty, comfortable and spacious, ,but, and this is quite a major grumble for me, the lack of help with parking. I was charged £30 for overnight parking and the concierge gave me a ticket and mumbled some directions to me and i then had to squeeze my car into a car lift and figure out how to use the lift, park up then find my way pack up the reception. For a hotel of this type am i wrong to expect someone to take my car into the car lift and park it up for me and then bring it to the front of the hotel when i check out? ( for £30, a not unreasonable expectation) Maybe it was because i was not wearing a suit, maybe it was because i have a scouse (liverpool) accent, maybe it is not hotel policy or maybe they could not be bothered, that said, they were all smiles and helpfulness for the french airline staff who turned up as i struggled back to reception with my suitcase to find my wife.........	
Nov 28 2008 	Business Location Great but Otherwise Totally Disappoints	Stayed at this hotel 5 nights (Sun-Thurs.) on business in September, 2008. Spent week working just 5 blocks away, so an easy walk in the Victoria Station area. I can think of 3 nice things to say so let's start with the good 1. Very quiet...I didn't hear noise from adjoining rooms nor from street below. 2. Bath was spacious and well supplied with toiletries. 3. One of the concierge employees was outstanding and arranged dispatch of car and pickup of my partner at Heathrow Airport. Was my partner's first time traveling international so was really concerned about him getting safely to the hotel but they arranged perfectly.But the downsides are numerous: thick dust in 1/2 inch margin between the floor moldings and carpet - so really noticeable. Burn holes in the drapery liner and poor lighting to boot. When I went to ask for desklamp the frontdesk said &quot;we don't have any&quot;...shocking for a place that bills itself as a business hotel and so I had no choice but to settle for dim, recessed ceiling lights. Overall I would not recommend this hotel and would recommend that it be at best, a last resort in the area.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great stay after a few hiccups resoved	The hotel is literally 3 minute walk from victoria station with a huge sign of WICKED next to it :) We arrived just before 2pm and i was told by recepetionist Sigfried that our room was not ready and wont be til 2. After going back at 2pm, Sigfried again, i was still told that our room wont be ready and will take a further 20 minutes to clean. I was a little annoyed as these rooms arent totally cheap and you are paying from 2pm onwards til 12am the next day. i finally went back at 2:30ish and he said our room was not ready still, by another person, and went out the back for a minute. he came back and said he has put us in another room. And i had to ask. what room is that? he said it was a studio room as apposed to our standard room. I asked what the difference was as he didnt mention it as i didnt want to be ripped off. He said it was a bigger room. We went up to the room straight away to unload our stuff and the room was pretty big as i expected it to be much smaller yet still good. Water was set out with fruit and chocolate which was compliments of the hotel. The tv had a message with my name on it which was kind of cool. Had a couch and desk if we needed it. The aircon didnt put out cold air but its winter so we just opened a window. The bed was massive,it must of been a king. The breakfast was great and we needed the buffet to fuel us for the day before we went back. overall i think the experience was good other than the checking in bit. Overall good and i'd recommend it. If your rooms not ready chances are you'll be upgraded and if you arent kick up a fuss as your paying from 2pm. we left at 12ish and paid the normal room rate which should of been more but thanks to the upgrade it was a good rate. I would recommend this to my friend so book today and go see wicked as the temp singer is amazing and i think better than the original.	
Nov 16 2008 	A splendid place	A wonderful hotel. Nice breakfast. Lovely evening meals. Splendid cafe but shut Saturday and Sunday. had the most exceptionally delicious gateaux and coffee. Good at reception desk. Rooms were so spacious and homely. Nice situation as well. Near to new shopping centre, Buckingham Palace and the theatres for Wicked and Billy Elliott. Marks and Spencers nearby and Victoria Station. Taxis and everything you could wish for.	
Nov 9 2008 	Nice hotel shame about the bar staff	We stayed in an executive room which was spacious and pleasant, also well worth the price.Great location and there's plenty of nice bars and restaurants nearby.Breakfast would have been okay had we not been vegetarians, as the veggie option was lacking to say the least - egg on toast was about the size of it, which certainly wasn't worth the cost.The only big complaint was the attitude of the bar staff. They were rude, slow and more interested in talking to each other than serving us our (rather overpriced) drinks.Their lack of customer service is the only thing that would put me off staying at this hotel again.	
Nov 4 2008 	Fine stay - would recommend.	My wife &amp; I spent 3 nights in Sept. 2008 on vacation. Chose this hotel based on price, TripAdvisor reviews, and location. We also booked tickets to see Wicked and the proximity of the theater seemed like a bonus.I was on business mid-week in the City - stayed at the Crowne Plaza - VERY NICE. But heard the City was boring on weekends since many shops close when the business people aren't there. We didn't want to get stuck in dullsville on the vacation portion of our trip!I'll admit I was disappointed having just come from the Crowne Plaza. But don't forget - we were paying a lot less than the Crowne Plaza - I don't believe the hotels are even the same class. I kept asking the staff when we first arrived - is this really an Executive Room? Good size, but very plain - not well appointed. From afar - the hotel looked very nice, but on close inspection everything seemed in slight disrepair. Very much like the Victoria area itself - a little dingy/grimier than other parts of the city we visitied. A lot of contruction going on around the hotel (although I was never bothered by noise). The walk towards West Minster Abbey &amp; Parliment was a little dreary - your average working business district found in most cities (fast food, convenience stores, other misc. shops you won't go into). Overall we had a very pleasant stay here - no complaints. Convenient to transportation. We found the staff helpful &amp; nice. We ate at several nearby restaurants and had great meals everywhere.One shining feature of the PPV was the Executive Suite! Snacks, beer, wine, sodas in the evening and breakfast every morning. It wasn't fine dining, but when you're traveling about the city all day - this was a real welcome treat at key moments when you need it most! And again - the staff running the Suite were very nice and attentive. I would definitely recommend upgrading to the Executive Room for this.	
Oct 30 2008 	Very very bad	Stayed at the Park Plaza Victoria from 24th - 27th October. I booked the room through the hotel web-site then emailed to request an extra bed for the Sat. and Sun. nights (got a confirmation email back). 3rd bed was confirmed at check-in. It did not arrive until 1am Sunday morning! Staff were then very rude, dismissive, insulting, made insulting and sarcastic 'phone calls and told lies. I agreed a level of compensation with the Duty Manager on Sunday morning, which was then refused by the Front-of-house Manager on Monday, saying it agreement never happened, even though it was witnessed by three of my friends. I was then threatened with legal action when I refused to pay.It is incredible that this level of behaviour is tolerated by any company, let alone one that depends on customer satisfaction so directly.	
Oct 23 2008 	Poor Cust Service	We just returned from a great trip to the UK. We ended our trip at the Park Plaza Victoria, which is unfortunate since the attitude of the staff nearly ruined the entire trip. Our reservations were made a couple of months in advance through Orbitz. When we arrived the Duty Manager was extremely rude and made inappropriate comments. The hotel was very nice &amp; clean; however, when a member of management is rude to guests, the overall level of customer service diminishes for all employees. I would not recommend this hotel, nor would I stay there in the future.	
Oct 20 2008 	Good value hotel	The rooms were spacious and very clean and modern. The people at the desk were very helpful and courteous. The location was excellent. It was a 5 minute walk from Victoria Station and 10 minutes from Victoria Coach where buses are available to take you to Heathrow airport.	
Oct 2 2008 	Good	Have used the Victoria when couldn't get into its sister hotel at Riverbank. It is not as good as the Riverbank with older, less well equipped rooms but it still is much better than average. In a good location behind Victoria Station with many good restaurants and pubs in the area behind the hotel (Pimlico). Breakfast is good.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Location and Comfortable!	While not located in a restaurant area, it is so close to Victoria Station (and the Gatwick express) that its convenience outweighs its neutral location. We had a huge room with a king bed - extremely comfortable beds and pillows. In-room safe, and a hair dryer that actually works. The bathroom was huge with a separate shower and tub. We had a little couch, desk &amp; chair, and separate chair and table - spacious! We also had a mini-welcome basket with fruit and chocolates. The front desk wanted to upsell us with an &quot;executive&quot; package - for breakfast and additional amenities which did not seem to be a good deal. This was a great business hotel, with a comfortable lobby/bar for a night cap. When asked for restaurant recommendations, the front desk said their own restaurant (which I find cheesy to do). Wetherspoons was around the corner, and breakfast is cheap and good there. Again, while not in a restaurant area, it is very close to the musical theatres, and Victoria station. Great place to grab a taxi, the underground or a quick baguette and coffee. Overall, the location and quality of this hotel was exceptional for the price we paid.	
Sep 25 2008 	Average hotel	Stayed at this hotel on August Bank holiday, as I wanted to be near Buckingham Palace. The location was good, but I would not go back and stay in a hurry. When we checked in, the receptionist could not find our booking, after speaking with a colleague they eventually checked us in. The room was only set (we think for one person) due to the fact that the toiletries we had was for one shampoo, and one bath/shower. We did not eat dinner but was booked in for breakfast, and for the amount of money that was charged for the breakfast, I was very disappointed in the quality. However I would not have liked to be coming later for breakfast, as the queue was horrendous waiting for tables, as the restaurant is very small, there is a pub serving breakfast about 2 minutes from the hotel which I recommend (we had our dinner there), Overall for a four star hotel, I expected better. Just glad that it was not my hard earned money paying for it.	
Sep 25 2008 	Excellent Staff	We stayed in one of the Apartments at the Park Plaza and it was brilliant. Apart from a couple of marks on the sofa and chair (which were nothing to worry about) our stay was wonderful - the staff were lovely and the room totally soundproof. Well done Park Plaza!	
Sep 4 2008 	Great!!	This hotel was great!! We arrived on time to get our room, but it was not ready. We went to the bar and had lunch, and seeing that the room was still not ready, the concierge upgraded us to a nicer room. As soon as we arrived in our room, the Guest Relations dept., ( Daniel and Peter) send us a bottle of champagne with fruit for our honeymoon! We had stayed at two other hotels before we arrived at this one, and we never got anything from the other hotels. Another concierge, Daniel, helped arranged for us to get on a bus to Heathrow. We had room service and although it was expensive, the food was great.My only complant about this hotel is that they could clean the rugs more often - they do not smell, but looked somewhat dirty (The Park Plaza Hotel in Amsterdam had the same problem, but their rugs actually gave off a bad odor).When we return to London, we will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 1 2008 	Good location problematic service	Wife stayed at property, Aug 29-Sept 2. Disappointed to have experienced the following: no voice mail in room, had to change rooms due to internet problems, staff was unresponsive to report of MOUSE in lobby bar (when she approached the staff member, the person shrugged her shoulders and said 'there is nothing we can do about it, we have our doors open, and they come in from outside&quot;), I called the property and the phone rang 20 times with no response, and a second time was left on hold for 3 minutes with no service. For the prices paid in London, better services are expected. The location is great, and for the most part the staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge was informative and very nice.	
Sep 1 2008 	Needs to try harder	Stayed 4 nights, arriving Wednesday 27th August. Having read earlier reviews about reservation issues I phoned the hotel two days before just to check all in order as room booked via hotels reservation department over a month in advance. I had requested a walk in shower as friend has undergone hip replacenent and unable to climb over bath sides, I was assured all was in hand and exact room specified was available. On arrival, the room, a twin with a shower, with executive package was not available. Allocated a room on the 2nd floor, atrium view, which I was assured was a 'good quiet room'. On entering the room we were greated by an ironing board still up, dirty dishes, newspaper in the bathroom, beds made but dirty linen. I returned to the reception desk, a few internal calls, confirmed the room had been serviced and back checked, this clearly was not the case. I was then offered another room on the 6th floor, our executive package would have to follow and would be sent up. The bags were then transferred to our final room on the 6th floor, I would not really rate an 'executive', but it did have a view, was light, decoration getting a bit tired, glass vanity top had chunk of glass broken off, old style tv, carpet and decoration must be due for refurbishment. So we ended up in a room, not really what we wanted but forced to accept. The executive package arrived on a wooden tray after 10minutes, great service but this was a comb, sewing kit, two pairs of slippers, some better coffee, face clothes (which were never replaced during stay) and bathrobes (which had seen better days), not forgetting two apples and an orange, we never got the chocolates mentioned in the package!!It quickly became apparent paying extra for executive rooms does not mean you get any better rooms. The real and I would suggest the only benefit was access to the Executive lounge, this was used for breakfast and predinner drinks.The one member of staff who stood out over all others was the lady who served breakfasts mid week in the Executive lounge, very helpful, very polite, if only all the reception staff could rise to her standard, just how much better the hotel would be.The executive lounge did change at the wekend, with families staying, the quiet atmosphere lost, but still a great concept if standards maintained.Check out OK, errors quickly corrected, bags left for collection, when collected, no offer to get a taxi or enquire if assistance required. It was probably easier and quicker just to arrange yourself, but it would have been nice to be asked.	
Aug 26 2008 	Really disappointed - much worse than last time.	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for two nights in August, having stayed at the hotel in 2003 on business and having very positive memories of it. Unfortunately this time around I was extremely disappointed.There were a number of things wrong with the hotel this time:- We arrived at 2pm but were told that our room wasn't ready yet and we were asked to wait 30 minutes. We went back 45 minutes later to be told that the room STILL wasn't ready and we had to wait a further 10 minutes to get our key.- The hotel clearly hasn't been refurbished since my last visit and the decor now looks dated and worn. Our room was very dark as we were on the third floor and the window simply looked straight out on to another building so there was no daylight whatsoever.- There was a connecting door between our room and next door which unfortunately meant that we could hear every word that the couple next door were saying to each other, even though they were speaking at a normal volume.- Our room wasn't serviced at all while we were there. We were out of the hotel from 10am to 3.30pm but when we came back to the room no-one had been in and we ended up having to call down to the housekeeper for extra toilet roll as we had run out.- Both mornings we had to queue for breakfast, even though we tried going earlier on the second day to avoid the queues.All in all the hotel is okay but I had very good memories of it from 2003 being quite luxurious and modern and it is definitely no longer like that. I wouldn't stay here again - there are other hotels in London for the same price that are much nicer.	
Aug 20 2008 	Excellent	Stayed for 1 night at this hotel on 18th August and really couldn't fault it . Check in was fine - nice welcome room was ready for us and it was only 9.45 am and was upgraded to a suite which was great - large light room with great bathroom.Had booked an executive room so had all the little extras and use of the executive lounge which we used on getting there for coffees and later before we went out for drinks and nibbles.Excellent location - 2 mins from Victoria station and lots of eating places around.Breakfast was great and even suited my husband who is very fussy!Hotel is modern ,light and airy will definately return.	
Aug 19 2008	Fantastic Staff!	We stayed here on two separate occasions (15th &amp; 19th August). The outstanding impression was of the staff. Every staff member that we met was friendly, cheerful, courteous, professional &amp; efficient. They really made our stay a very pleasant experience. I can honestly say that for a hotel of this grade, especially when you consider the location in a busy major city, I have never found a hotel where all of the staff excelled at their jobs to this extent. So often the staff in busy city hotels become jaded, but not here. They were of a standard that I would expect from a small exclusive hotel.The hotel in generally was perfectly as I would expect for a 4 star city hotel. The only negative comment I have is that the dining/breakfast room carpet is tatty &amp; very stained &amp; needs replacing urgently.The position is fantastic for Victoria station &amp; many of the nearby theatres. Highly recommended.	
Aug 19 2008 	Good Location - double check your reservation!	I was aware that this hotel has reservation issues before I went (previous Trip Advisor reviews) so I was cautious to double check everything before I went, not only with Hotels.com site, but also with the hotel directly. We had 3 rooms, all on the executive level to include breakfast for 3 nights. We were changing hotels in London so I went to check in prior to having my luggage delivered just in case there were issues. Sure enough, there were. All the rooms were confirmed as standard rooms. Fortunately, I had brought names, dates and confirmation numbers (including hotels) plus I had an excellent front desk person (Peter). It was agreed that we did indeed book executive level rooms but when they are entered into their system, the indicators which show that it is &quot;executive&quot; are not being picked up by the Plaza people, nor any of the other extras. DOUBLE CHECK YOUR RESERVATIONS!This is a nicely renovated Swedish hotel. Although the list of 'extras' you get with the upgrades room shows a bunch of things, we got almost nothing. Rooms were not cleaned each day, no new soap or shampoo the entire stay.There is a pillow variety option but they only had 1 foam pillow in the hotel which my Mom really needed. The housekeeping staff was short tempered when pressed as to why there were none available. We never received our newspaper and although it states that there are beverages available in the lounge area all the time, we were asked to leave outside the breakfast and evening starters times. This is a pricey hotel - and although it looks 4 star, it was very average. Location is great about 2 blocks from Victoria Station. They have a package which includes tickets to see &quot;Wicked&quot; next door - which we did and it was outstanding!Tip: Use their shuttle service to Heathrow. It was a bargain at 22 pounds, very nice and timely.	
Aug 19 2008 	Just average	The location of the hotel is perfect if you're staying as tourist. It's close to Victoria station and major route of bus, even at walkable distance from Big Ben. But because of that, the hotel is a bit noisy. I'm not sure if that happened to me only.The hotel room is pretty much standard business class hotel room. The toiletries are simple, only soap, shampoo, body lotion. That's all. They even forgot to supply them for one two days, so I had to call to get the supplies. The TV is very outdated. The bed is standard. The breakfast is ok but has limited choice. Probably I'm too demanding but hey, for that kind of price, I think I deserved to ask for more.So, to be honest, if you're in business trip, just need good location to catch public transport and your company pay for it, it's pretty much good option. But if you're tourist. I guess you could find better hotel around Victoria with cheaper price.	
Aug 19 2008 	Excellent Stay Friendly Staff!!	We stayed at the Park Plaza Hotel for three nights at the end of our honeymoon. When we arrived the front desk staff was really friendly and courteous. It's location to Victoria Station was perfect for us. We did have the continental breakfast one morning and it was less than what I would have expected.Overall though I will stay at this hotel again when I travel back to London.Thanks	
Aug 18 2008 	Will Definitely Stay Here Again	Just returned from spending 2 nights at the Park Plaza Victoria. The location is excellent. My wife and I are avid walkers when it comes to touring cities but London is a big city so having the option of using the &quot;Tube&quot; was fantastic with the Victoria Station just around the corner. We arrived at the the hotel around 11:00am and the reception was excellent. The lobby is contemporary and nicely designed. Stephane took care of us by starting with a pleasant greeting and smile. He was very professional and responsive to our inquiries including a late check-out request. The room was not quite ready (about an hours wait) but he quickly directed us to the concierge Marcin, for baggage storage.Upon returning we went to our room on the 4th floor and weren't disappointed. It was a good sized room, nice bathroom, king-size bed and very clean.The only concern was the mattress as the king was made up of 2 doubles put together and one was softer than the other. I'm sure if we had called the front desk they would have done somerhing about it but we chose not to.All and all a great stay and value. We celebrated our Anniversary and were sent complimentary champagne and strawberries, a nice touch. I had made a note when I registered online and they didn't forget. We will definitely stay at the Park Plaza the next time we travel to London. TipsVictoria Station for the tube is around the corner. A Day Pass is 5.30 pounds ea. You really only need Zone 1 &amp; 2 as it covers most of the main tourist hot spots. Day Pass is also good for the buses.You can walk to Buckingham Palace comfortably.If you are looking for a breakfast option other than the hotel there is a nice cafe called Caramel about 150yds south. Mon-Thurs the meal is 1/2 price.	
Aug 16 2008 	Has changed over the last year or so....	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza during previous visits to London, and I was satisfied with the hotel, so that is why I decided to stay there again this June for a business trip.The hotel is conveniently located two blocks from the Victoria station, so commuting to and from my work location was easy enough. Also, the hotel staff could be considered helpful. However, during this stay I did not need any extra assistance, such as dry cleaning or concierge services, so I did not have many encounters with the staff other than checking in and checking out.One noticeable difference that I realized during this visit was that the carpeting in the hallways and room has become more and more stained over the last year and a half, and it seems that the hotel management has not done much to remediate the situation. Also, I noticed that the walls seem to be thin enough to hear the loud television from my neighbor’s room. I do not know why I did not notice the thin walls during my previous visits, but it may be because I just did not have people staying next door to me then. During this visit, I also tried out the hotel restaurant for breakfast. I was not exactly impressed by it, so I switched to picking up pastries and tea at Starbucks during most of my stay.	
Aug 15 2008 	Fab Hotel Fab location Great price!	Fantastic Hotel in fab location - 2 minutes walk to Victoria Tube Station.Rooms were modern. clean and with good facilities.We booked directly on the internet and got a fab rate in an executive room with breakfast - cheaper than late rooms. Executive rooms give access to the executive lounge with free drinks, including alcoholic, and nibbles which our 10 year old thought was great!The staff were friendly and the breakfasts great as well.Absolutely couldn't fault it and will stay again when next in London	
Aug 14 2008	Bit disappointed	We stayed here after booking a deal online so got the rooms cheaper than booking direct. Even with the cheap deal I don't think the hotel was worth the money. The location is great but the hotel itself not so much. We were given two adjacent rooms on the first floor (which apparently has been redecorated). One of our rooms was so bad (cracked glass sink, architrave held on with masking tape in the bathroom, disgustingly mouldy tiles in the bathroom) that we complained and to be fair the staff were very helpful and not only moved us but upgraded the room as well. Ourrooms on the first floor on the corner opposite the bars were very noisy with loud music playing and people chatting (seemingly right outside our window) into the early hours. The air conditioning didn't work in our rooms either which made them quite stifling depsite not having the greatest weather (overcast and rainy but very close). All in all we were expecting a lot more from the rooms after seeing the impressive lobby area so were left a little disappointed.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Location	The location of this hotel was just perfect, within easy walking distance to Victoria Train Station and Buckingham Palace. My reservation was for a King sized bed but I was given a queen instead. The air conditioning was sufficient but very noisy. Overall, the staff are friendly and helpful; the conceirge desk staff were most accommodating. Upon check-out, I had some questions about my bill that did not make sense. The woman who emerged from the back office to aid the pleasant trainee desk clerk was not so nice and actually pulled the bill out of my hand after a lame explanation and threw it in the garbage. I told her I was not finished looking at it and still had questions; when she gave it back, I noticed it had someone else's name on it and was not my bill at all. A new bill was printed and the issue resolved but she was very unprofessional and impatient.	
Aug 5 2008 	Nice hotel but not got what I paid for.	Don't get me wrong - the hotel is really nice. Great location (we went up to see &quot;Wicked The Musical&quot; hotel on a few hundred yards from theatre. Decor as you enter is great - very modern. Before our stay we requested a room on first floor as these have been redecorated. This request was noted and a suitable room allocated on arrival. Room was fine with modern decoration, a huge bath tub (shower over bath wasn't very powerful) and modern glass sink and new toilet. Bed was very comfortable. Room was nice size, no complaints. Now we come to our problem. We had paid for an executive room and believed we were given the correct room - nice and big. Upon reading what we got on the executive package we noticed a number of things missing from room. No fruit, water, buscuits, upgraded toiletries, slippers, robes or welcome tray. The only thing we recieved was a card to get in the executive lounge which wasn't the greatest. My wife went down to reception and asked about these items. The chap behind the desk, who I don't think understood english very well, told us the items hadn't been put in room yet (we did check in after their 2pm limit) and they would be. he confirmed what our room number was and we then returned to our room to get ready for our evening out fully expecting a knock on the door with our &quot;executive package&quot;. No knock came on the door. By this time we didn't have much time to get ready for dinner so we just went out and didn't talk to reception again. On returning to our room after the show we still had not recieved the missing items but too late and went to bed. Breakfast the next morning was fine with hot and cold buffet. Overall experience was totally let down by us not getting the full executive package that we had paid for. Maybe we should have complained again and again about what happened but we're typical british who put up with most things! I do expect for things to be sorted after complaining once - thinking about it now, i'm still not sure if the guy at reception really understood our problem and just left it.So overall, great hotel, moden decor, good location - but let down by not giving us what we paid for. Very dissapointing.	
Aug 3 2008 	Fabulous!!	This was a last minute booking for a weekend trip to London and what a fabulous choice we made. The location was terrific; close to the theatre we'd booked and Victoria StationThe staff were friendly, helpful and courteous, the room superb and we were made to feel very comfortable throughout our stay. Nothing was too much trouble.Well done Park Plaza Victoria. We will definitely be staying with you again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nothing Exceptional	Nothing special to report. Just average perhaps more of a business hotel. Breakfast was probably the best thing about the hotel. Hot items (eggs, toast, bacon, sausage, etc.) as well as cold items (variety of fruits, cereals, yogurts, juices) and coffee round out the breakfast. Rooms were pretty average. Nothing really to complain about but nothing really amazing either. Bathrooms modern though nothing exceptional there either. Lobby area is nice. Went to the lobby/bar area one evening in order to have drinks from the bar however the waiter got the order wrong and had to wait for them to make the correct drink and it was undrinkable (poorly made). Concierge/front desk is well-staffed and somewhat helpful. Door area seemed well-attended to help with bags/cars. Close walking distance to Victoria Station, Theatre where &quot;Wicked&quot; is now playing, variety of shops, coffee shop, restaurant, pharmacy, grocery food store, and mailing/postage store within short walking distance.	
Jul 28 2008	Hassle Free Stay	Stayed for the night. This hotel is in a good location, walking distance to Buckingham Palace and the River Thames. Hotel staff were friendly and efficient. Checkin and Checkout were hassle free. If you don't want to pay for the hotel breakfast which cost £16 per person then walk round the corner to the Weatherspoon Pub, where you can get a hearty one for a fraction of the cost at £3-4 including coffee.Victoria station is also round the corner which makes this an easy place to get to and from.	
Jul 21 2008 	Pleased	Was very nervous about staying here after reading some of the reviews , but was pleasantly suprised. We booked direct through hotel website for executive room with kingsize bed and extra child bed. We arrived at 13.30 and found the staff courteous and helpful, they had not put an extra bed in our room, but contacted housekeeping immediately and this was done within 10 mins while we used executive lounge.The room was a good size and clean and modern, everything worked, we had compilmentary goodies as descibed under package, only complaint was rock hard pillows but housekeeping would change these. We used executive lounge for coffee and breakfast. After a previous review we were nervous about using it for breakfast but was pleasantly suprised- the breakfast was buffet:croissants, muffins,rolls ,cereals,fruit etc.toast you did yourself. The counter stuff was cheese,salami,ham,smoked salmon, poached fish.Then there was hot items, sausage,bacon,grilled tomatoes, scrambled egg. The lounge was very quiet, not suprising really after what some reviewers had said.It wasn't top notch , but not bad either.Check out was easy and painless and staff were happy to store our backage until collection later in the day. Perhaps other travellers had higher expectations , we had none and were pleasantly suprised	
Jul 20 2008	still a great location getting a little threadbare	you can't ask for a better location and the price is very fair, but the rooms themselves are getting a little threadbare - worn linens especially.	
Jul 17 2008 	Fantastic Location	My teenaged daughter and I stayed at the Park Plaza last week for 3 nights. It couldn't have been better. We arrived early and our room was ready, even though check-in was hours away. Staff very helpful and friendly. They provided an adaptor. The bathroom was lovely. Beds very comfortable. Full breakfast was great.Sainbury's is right around the corner - great grocery store with wonderful fresh wood oven baked pizza. Good restaurants nearby. Wicked and Billy Elliot down the street. Victoria Station an easy walk - it was so easy to travel around London on the tube! Can't wait to return!	
Jul 13 2008 	Great location!	We stayed at the property 3 total nights on two separate dates. Excellent location-- just across the street from Victoria Station. Make sure you ask for the right exit from Victoria-- of you will do a bit of walking (as we did the first time!). Good neighborhood with lots of little cafes and restaurants. If you like dim sum, check out Dim T just down the road by the grocery store. Property is a 15-20 minute walk to Big Ben, etc. Rooms are comfortable. Nothing fancy, but decent and modern. Bathrooms are big. Great decor in the lobby. Friendly and helpful staff.	
Jul 12 2008 	A Better Hotel Could Not Be Found	After reading some of the previous reviews, I was a bit nervous about my upcoming trip to London and my stay at the Park Plaza Victoria. Upon arriving in London, however, we found the hotel to be nothing like some of the negative reviews we'd read. The staff was courteous and helpful, the room was clean and had a view overlooking London's skyline, and we were even met by a member of staff who gave us a bottle of champagne and some chocolates to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. The food in the restaurant was a bit pricey, but very well done. This hotel is in central London and is within walking distance to virtually everything I wanted to see. Overall I was extremely satisfied with my stay... and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to properly see London.As for complaints about the unfriendly staff, I would comment that the staff were very professional and reserved. They were not chatty, hilarious, or obnoxious, but did their jobs efficiently and in a friendly manner. I did notice a few Americans who wanted to strike up a conversation with staff members who were overwhelmed with other customers and were clearly not interested in talking about all of the other hotels the customers had visited, or discuss previous trips the visitors had made. They simply wanted to do their job.As for the Airco, our room was a bit warm, but once the window was opened it cooled down to a comfortable temperature. What I found out after talking to another visitor to London was that most Londoners considered cold to be about 80 degrees, whereas we Americans seem to insist on meat-locker temperatures to remain comfortable.Again, I found nothing to complain about and enjoyed my trip very much	
Jul 10 2008 	a lovely surprise!	Haveing stayed in a number of london hotels that were disapointing, i wasnt expecting much from this one. What a surprise! We couldnt find any faults with this one, room perfect, staff perfect, everything A1. Only one fault is that it is hard to find as the address they give brings you to the back of it, which is on a main road and the hotel doesnt look the best from this side. but a pleasent surprise when you turn the corner. We will be back!	
Jul 10 2008	Never Again!	I had a very plesant stay at this hotel around Christmas 2004 and was really looking forward to returning because quality hotels in London are hard to find for around 120 quid at the weekends. However, after my stay in Fall '07 I will not return to this hotel again. I arrived early in the morning. The staff looked as though I had violated a cardinal rule by arrived before 3 pm. I explained that I had just come from Prague and was very tired. It was 10:30 in the morning and I asked that when someone checked out in the category of room that I reserved could they simply ask housekeeping to clean the room next because I arrived early. I would sit in the lobby until then. They looked as though I had asked them to stay for free in the apartment suites. After keeping me waiting in the lobby for 75 mintues (even though I was assured the room would be ready in about 20), I arrived to find a dirty, under furnished room. My television and mini-bar didn't work (I'd never stayed in a hotel where a minibar could be broken), and my phone refused to call out. After waiting for a long time for a technician to come they determined the could not fix the problems and upgraded me to a junior suite. (Problems solved, so I hoped). The noise in this room from its ajoining room was tremendous. My shower did not work properly and again the room was dirty. After I could take no more, I called down to the night manager. He offerred to move me to the apartment suite. I got to that room, which was indeed lovely, but it stank of tobacco smoke. I said that I had a medical condition and needed a non-smoking room. He said he could offer me nothing else. I then politely said that perhaps it was best that i simply pay for the charges on my room (room service, telephone, etc.) but that since they had failed to provide me either a properly working, smoke-free, or quiet room that we refund my room rate and that at 9:30 in the eveing I go out into the night looking for another hotel in London. (This with a 5am car scheduled in the morning). I have never been treated do disrespectfully be a hotel manager in my life. He said that because no one else complained he could not establish the validity of my claims. He finally did find an acceptable room after hours of misery. And I thankfully left the hotel as fast as I could but not before my driver who I have used in London for years was repeatedly barked at by hotel doorman in my presence for legally parking to avoid a ticket from a traffic warden. How unprofessional can you be? Never again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Haven't Arrived as yet-But willing to cancel	I booked a room at this hotel for the period July 11-14th, 2008. On my confirmation document it states, &quot;Two Adults, one child...Two TWIN BEDS.&quot; As a result of the horrendous reviews on Tripadvisor, I decided to call first and confirm. Was grateful and horrified when I did. I was shuffled around to three staff members, the last of whom told me that I had booked only for &quot;Two Adults, there were two SINGLE BEDS in the room and that I would have to pay thirty pounds per night for the extra bed.&quot; The document in front of me sent by the hotel, stated otherwise. I would have gone to London and slept on the floor!!! What sort of Mickey Mouse operation is this (no insult to Walt Disney..since he runs an effecient place). It is ridiculous. I have not arrived...AND I DONT WANT TO GO!	
Jun 25 2008 	Lovely Relaxing Stay	Having stayed at the Park Plaza last weekend i would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London. The hotel is in an ideal location, our bedroom was nice and spacious, our dinner in JB's restaurant was fantastic and all the staff where helpfull and most importantly smiley. We will definitely return.	
Jun 25 2008 	Pleasant stay at Park Plaza Victoria	2 night stay was pleasant and comfortable. Hotel location is convenient for subway, two theaters nearby and Buckingham Palace is a short walk away. Breakfast was well done.Despite the close proximity of Victoria station the hotel can be very difficult to find if you are not familiar with the area. The station area is very crowded for walking with luggage. Strangely, English was a second language for front desk personnel and bell staff; consequently, communication was not as easy as assumed. Room was not ready until 3 pm.On balance, I would gladly stay here again, but I would also consider alternative hotels before my next trip.	
Jun 22 2008 	very nice hotel but( theres always a but)	Stayed here for one Saturday night start of June for a wedding anniversary treat, when the hotel found out it was a special occasion they upgraded us to a apartment which was v nice. However just a couple of points when we were packing up to leave my wife looked below our bed to check if we had missed anything but unfortunately it was the maid who had asa few used durex wrappers and empty wine botlles were still there from the last guests(the rest of the room was spotless). Another thing to take note of is the hotel hold a deposit in case you use the mini bar or room service which is fair enough however after you settled up this deposit is not immediately paid back into your account and it could be several days before this is done ( seemingly this is normal practice for a hotel). Hotel prices were what i expected for London £7.20 for a gin and tonic £5.40 for a VERY small glass of wine. I would however def stay here again and would recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 20 2008 	Very poor customer service	Upon checkin, it was clearly obvious that there were plenty of staff members, however, most were just lollygagging around. Nobody smiled, nobody said hello, nobody acknowledged us. It was already off to a bad start.The room was your typical London room, however, the bathroom was nice. The room was very dated and obvious wear and tear was beyond belief.While the hotel is located in a great area, I cannot recommend staying here because of the lack of customer service.	
Jun 20 2008 	Terrible Hotel and untrustworthy staff	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in June 2008 - never again! It was a terrible experience, with 2 expensive items being removed from my room. The manager was able to identify the 2 members of staff who entered the room, but claimed that they were trustworthy and so minimal effort was put into finding my stolen items. I was also informed by one staff member that 'it was only a stupid scarf'! Another member of staff informed me in confidence that rooms have been robbed regularly in recent months and the police have been involved on numerous occasions. Aside from this terribel incident, the service was atrocious and in fact the rooms were not cleaned daily and used wets towels were hung up rather than being replaced!	
Jun 17 2008 	Awful customer service!!!! 13th June-15th June 2008	My dad booked for myself and my mum to stay here for the weekend as a treat. We arrived at the hotel where the reception was packed. There were lots of staff behind the desk, yet only 3 were actually attending to guests. Nobody offered a smile or even a hello! The girl that dealt with us spoke very little English (which was quite frustrating). Eventually we got our key to our executive room. We opened the door and there was a tiny double room with the smallest bathroom I have ever seen! There were no bathrobes, no fruit, no water (which is in the exectuive package), no teabags or biscuits! I telephoned reception where it took talking to 3 different people before someone could help. I asked if this room was classed as an executive room, the girl answered yes. I said that we wanted to change rooms, so she said someone whould be up in 5 mins to take us to our new room and help us with our bags. 10 mins later, a young boy, who again spoke very little English knocked the door and said your key and walked off. He was so rude and didn't help with our suitcases. By this time myself and my mum were fed up of the hotel already! The new room was a bit bigger, no way was it an executive room. It was a standard double. The room was very worn and very shabby. The club lounge was big, the coffee machine was rubbish. There were no other refreshments out and the french wine and tiny quiches at 6pm-8pm were hardly canapes! It was a joke. I advise not bothering to go in there for breakfast, you don't get any special treatment. We had an awful experience here and it was not what we expected from a Park Plaza. The weekend was meant to be a stress free weekend, yet it upset my mum very much, annoyed me by lack of customer service and my dad felt awful that we had a terrible time at the hotel. Don't bother staying here, and if you do, don't pay for executive as you don't get anything more for the money! The customer service was terrible. A hello how are you?, a can I help was all that is needed!	
Jun 8 2008 	Don't Stay Here!	Me and friend decided to stay here after reading all the positive reviews.. What a mistake!When we arrived it was a very warm day, but not that hot. However me and my friend were very much looking forward to going to our &quot;air-conditioned&quot; room to cool down and get ready for an afternoon about town. check in was fine, but when we got to our room it was like a sauna, and I am not exaggerating! We turned the airconditioning onto full power (it was the warmest, slowest aircon in the world), after finding out the window didnt open, but this did not help at all. It felt like we had underfloor heating on, and the huge heated mirror in the bathroom was giving off lots and lots of heat! After reception had informed us that the air-con was working and that we couldnt change rooms we got out of the sauna as soon as possible.Upon our return we were dismayed to find out that although it had cooled down outside, it was still boiling in our room. (we had got a touristy thermometer from a souvenier shop, and that was registering 29-32 degrees!!) After two hot showers, as if you didnt have the hot water on the shower had no pressure we got ready for our night at the theatre and left.When we got back, still to the sauna, we decided that we would watch some TV, well that was a joke! the ancient huge TV had channel 5 that was working, and the volume would vanish and then come back at full volume! It was a joke, just like the rest of the hotel. So we filled the bath up with cold water to try and cool down. I called reception to find out were the ice machine was and was told that it was by the lift area on every floor. So of i went, and guess what... no ice machine. So i went to the floor below (level 8) and still no ice. I went back to the room, called reception and was assured that the ice machine was on every level. I assumed the heat had addled my brain so i went on the ice hunt again, no luck!! I decided to call rom service and ask for ice. They very rudely told us to get it ourselves and when I informed them I had been trying, they said the nearest ice machine to us was level 7 and that there is not an ice machine on every level.Overall the hotel was very very dated, not at all modern which is the image they try to convey. Everything was dated about the room, the aircon, the bedding, the carpet and the air con!Please save your money and stay somewhere else! Rude staff dated rooms and rooms that you want to spend no time in! I have stayed in many many London hotels and have never written a review before, but this hotel has annoyed me and ripped me off so much I thought i should warn fellow travellers.	
Jun 1 2008 	thnk god it was just 1 night!	I hope by the time i have written this review i may have changed the mind of a weary traveller planning on staying here.....i arrived after check in time on a burning hot day in may for a birthday treat sight seeing in london and on arrival the receptionist ignored me for 10 minutes... after getting her attention with a cough she informed me that even though i booked online and had paid for the room in advanced she would need £100 as a deposit incase i 'damaged' the room or drank anything from the mini bar..i assured her that there was no chance of this happening and i wasnt parting with £100 as i had brought cash on my trip and not my credit cards... the manager was called and the fee brought down to £20..are they allowed to do this? i stuck to my guns and we checked in with the lesser deposit...all was well untill we arrived back late after a day tour of london..the room was at least 35+ degrees and the assured me the AC was working..it wasnt..and the windows did not open..my 15 year old daughter and i had to get dressed and walk the streets of victoria to cool down at midnight.... when we came back the room was even hotter and they would not come and check the AC.. we were so hot and weak we physically passed out on the bed in our clothes... we woke up literally to a suana..and decided that we wud check out at 6 am! it was that bad we washed in cold water, left our bags in the luggae room and went to macdonalds for breakfast..never again!! never again!there is nothing nice about this hotel... its old fashioned with a few new fixtures like a cheap flat screen that didnt pick up any channels..you could tell it was an old hotel by the plug sockets that looked pre war..i dont know who they are kiding about 4 star?? its not even on a par with a B&amp;B...do not stay here!!	
May 25 2008 	just okay	We arrived at the hotel just after 1200 and proceeded to cheak in which at first seemed a quick &amp; easy thing to do. Having informed the hotel at the time of booking that we would like early cheak in we discovered that our room an excutive room was not ready, could we leave our baggage and return within an hour or so, Daniel was the receptionist dealing with our booking, he did explain that they could not garantee early cheak in which was fine. We left our luggage and asked if we could have access to the excutive lounge to have coffee, Daniel handed over one pass key to the room. saying he had asked housekeeping to ensure our rooms whoild be available asap. having enjoyed a couple of coffees, we left to have a stroll around the city, and a bite of lunch. We returned to the hotel at 1500 almost 3 hours after cheaking in to discover that our room was not ready still and Daniel seemed to have lost all the paperwork perpared upon our cheak in, Looking flustered he asked us to go to the bar and have a drink on them whilst he sorted the mater. We enjoyed a beer and a moderate glass of wine whilst waiting for someone to tell us what was going on. At last about 30 minutes later I spoke to a female receptionist asking her what was happening as we would like our room, as we did have an early evening appointment and would like to freshen up. After a flustered few minutes and a phone call she told us our room was ready. having been at the check in whist others checked into excutive rooms the benifits of the lounge was explained, we had no details given to us and if we had not recieved the swipe card from Daniel at 1200 would not even have been offered the access to the facilty we paid for ........ The waitress in the bar asked for me to sign for the drinks as they had not been told there were to be on the house. this was soon sorted. Our room was clean and tidy although a lot smaller than others we have stayed in. The mini bar had a mind of it's own and would not open so they had no sales there, and the tv altough had sky, access was denied to movies which is a normal bonus for excutive rooms.The breakfast which was included was very good although on day two a male waiter seemed not to want to serve us with any coffee and avoided us with the pot on more than one occasion. His female colleage did however offer us some in the end.During our stay we did suffer the dreaded Firealarm although this was late afternoon as we we getting ready for a evening out at Gordon Rasmeys Foxtrot Oscars.I found that during this we evactuated to the area where posters said to go, all staff seemed to wait by the pub before the all clear was given, however No one told residents it was clear we followed staff back into the hotel.Overall the location of the hotel is it's biggest plus very close to Victoria station and access to entire london.the room was okay although i thought on the small size. staff were pleasent but I did find them lacking in the final touches of customer services.Value for money well I have to say NO over £400 for two nights. I have had better value stays In London. as we checked out we were asked if we had enjoyed our stay, the lad seemed putback when we said it was just okay, and even more surprised when we answered &quot;i doubt it &quot; to the question would you stay with us again. It is a pity they dont offer the same 100% garantee satifaction as their sister chain Radisson, I May have invoked it this time if they did.	
May 20 2008 	Good central hotel	Got a very good deal booking this hotel direct a few months back, much cheaper than the so called cheap hotel sites.Anyway, this hotel is a modern , central hotel 10 minutes walk to Buckingham Palace, 30ish to Picadilly.Room was a decent size, clean &amp; bathroom good with a nice bath &amp; shower.Hotel has limited health club, small sauna &amp; jacuzzi. Bar prices as you would expect from a 4 star central hotel in London.I would stay here again if the price was right.	
May 12 2008 	Nice hotel but be careful when booking!	We booked this hotel through Orbitz with the understanding that breakfast was included in the price. I spoke with a representative at Orbitz to make certain that this was so, and after he had checked with someone there, he told me that breakfast was certainly included. Six days later when we actually arrived in London, we were more than a little disappointed to discover that this was NOT SO, and the hotel staff was very forceful in stating that we had not paid enough to rate breakfast included! (We thought we had paid quite a lot.)(At the time of our booking there was only one type of room available, so it was not at all clear to me at the time of booking, as it might be today, that there is a difference between &quot;superior&quot; and &quot;executive&quot; rooms, and I simply accepted that we had a relatively good rate, and the word &quot;breakfast&quot; was in bold in Orbitz's list of amenities, which it usually is not if that is not offered with the package.) Neither Orbitz nor the hotel would budge an inch on helping us out in this matter when we were checking in. (The hotel did help us call Orbitz, but the representative that I spoke with could find no record that I had made the booking by phone or who had helped me a week earlier.) As breakfasts at this hotel start at about 13 pounds for continental, we simply enjoyed the fact that there is a Sainsbury's a short block away and got nice breakfast food there much cheaper. However, this certainly marred our experience and made us feel that we were always running around from shop to shop. It also changed our perceived value of the hotel quite a lot! The hotel also seemed to be stingy with its teabags and little things like that. No little biscuits...just a room, maid service, a few tea bags, 4 little milks and sugar packets, and skimpy soaps. They did give us a fan when it got too hot. A/C was not on yet and it was quite hot in London the week we were there.On the very positive side, it is a lovely modern hotel with a beautiful workout room and sauna. The lobby is quite comfortable with free newspapers available. The concierge was always very helpful, and the place is in a great location with easy access.	
May 10 2008 	Nice modern hotel in the heart of London	We booked this hotel from lastminute.com and it was the &quot;mystery hotel&quot; and we were well impressed with what we got. The hotel was fresh and modern and our room was spacious and well decorated. The bathroom was lovely and clean and the shower pressure was fantastic.I have seen some of the other reviews which stated that the hotel was expensive but we found it to be well priced for its location and the room size. For the same price, we could have been staying at a London B &amp; B which would have involved probably many stairs and a much smaller room and bathroom.The central location is fantastic for accessing all parts of London and we chose to catch the bus most places so we could see as we went.I am a travel agent and even though we don't sell this property, I have been recommending it to my clients as a great place to stay.	
Apr 29 2008 	We made a confirmed booking but they said the hotel was full 	I booked 4 rooms at this hotel. A few days before arrival, I phoned up to confirm my booking (including the fact that we were all men, so needed Twin rooms).When we arrived, the staff unashamedly informed us that they had over-booked the hotel, so our rooms would not be available. This clearly is not acceptable. However, not only did they say we couldn't have our twin rooms, they said they didn't have ANY rooms for us at all - so we would have to stay elsewhere.After waiting 30mins, they said they might be able to get us into a room at a sister hotel in Westminster - but couldn't guarantee this. For a few minutes, we thought we would be sleeping rough!When we asked to see the manager, she kept telling us &quot;What you fail to understand sir, is that this hotel is fully booked&quot;. Considering that I had my booking sheet in front of me, with reference number etc, you can understand how angry we were. Especially as we had tickets for a show, which was due to start in 30mins.How can a hotel over-book rooms and tell guests to go away? Especially when I had phoned up to confirm a few days earlier. This was the first time I have experienced such an outrage, at any hotel in the world. So my advice to everyone is this. Do not stay at this hotel, because you might arrive after a long flight only to be told that they have no room for you! Quiet simply it is pathetic, &amp; dishonest. How do they sleep at night?!The attitude of the staff was obnoxious, unsympathetic &amp; amateurish. However, after about 45mins of angry discussions, they finally changed their minds and said we could have double rooms - obviously not ideal, but better than sleeping on the streets. However, the fact they actually found soom rooms at all proves they were lying to us earlier. Incredible. On our suggestion, they put a temporary / camper bed in the rooms, so that we didn't have to sleep together. However, this was our idea ... the staff didn't have the imagination to think of this solution themselves.Oh .. and by the way ... we missed the first 20mins of our show. Not that the staff cared one little bit.Avoid this place like the plague. Never have I experienced such shoddy service. At this place, bookings count for nothing. Imagine if all hotels did exactly the same?! They didn't even apologise.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great location 	Great location for exploring London!Exit Victoria tube station onto Wilton Road &amp; hotel is 3 min walk to the right. Despite an unusual entrance the modern, open-plan &amp; airy foyer / bar / restaraunt is impressive &amp; spotless. Staff were plentiful &amp; helpful; although our room wasn't ready upon check in there was no problem leaving luggage.We got a great deal on 2 double rooms through a specialist London website &amp; the price including full breakfast was incredible value for money. Rooms were more than ample in size with fresh linen &amp; a bright, clean bathroom. For those concerned on the flat pillow issue there are spares in the ample wardrobe, along with a very handy iron &amp; full sized board.Based on other reviews we avoided even opening the mini-bar rather than risk auto-charging, although we were not warned this could happen when we checked in.Drinks in the hotel are expensive, £6.80 for a gin minus any tonic!Would most definately stay here again or recommend to anyone!With regards to sight-seeing I would agree with previous reviewer that Madame Tussaud's 'Chamber Live' is a complete RIP-OFF, mind you unless the weather is awful there's not much value for money in the whole MT's experience!Head to St. Paul's around 4.30pm for bell-ringing &amp; choral practice. Not normally my cup of tea but fantastic atmosphere in stunning surroundings turned out to be the highlight of this trip!	
Mar 30 2008 	Excellent location	We stayed in this hotel in March. Location was great. We flew into Gatwick airport and got the gatwick express which was quite expensive to vistoria station, about £30 return, considering its a half hour journey not great value but it goes every 15 mins so was convenient. We then arrived at victoria station and exited beside Mc Donalds in the station and were delighted to see the apollo theatre with the hotel being a 2 min walk from there. Great when you are carrying luggage or kids. We arrived at about 11am (check-in is at 2) and were given a room straight away. Staff were friendly and helpful. The room was fine, decent size, like I read in another review pillows very flat you need to fold them over to get any height. Air conditioning was fine too. Just the right temp. Bathroom was quite nice, big mirror and nice sink. Not the most luxurious hotel but its in a great location for setting off from. We had a continental breakfast each morning which was ok. There was lots of fruit ( nothing exciting- apples, grapefruit, oranges, melon) chopped up in bowls, danish pastries and croissants, cereal and juices (tomato, apple, orange). On the day we checked out our flight was not until 6, the staff were very helpful and kept our luggage at the concierge desk so we could go and see more of the city and then get our bags when we were leaving for the airport. A final tip, we did a lot of our sight seeing on a tour bus, it was great to see the city and you can get off when you see something you would like to explore more. We went with the Big bus Co. You can also buy your tickets for attractions (like madame tussauds, london dungeons, london eye) with these people at big discounts. Usually 50% of the price you would pay at the door. If you go to madame tussauds, dont bother doing the live chamber of horrors. Its £3 and is essentially a dark room where actors jump out at you. Big waste of money. London dungeon is well worth a visit.To summarise the accommodation was fine, expensive for what you actually get though. Its clean and staff were helpful and is in a great location so I will be staying again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Perfect Central location	Keeping this brief,,Lovely central location, minutes from Victoria station. We arrived early and were able to check in immediately. We booked the executive package with breakast and were really pleased to have done so, the executive lounge is a really nice relaxing area with a really good breakfast choice and litttle tapas style snacks in the evening with wine, beer or coffee available. Lovely clean room with added touches of a welcome basket with fruit and water. Close to restaurants and a supermarket. I would definatley stay here again, thank you very much Vicoria Park Plaza, we had a superb weekend.	
Mar 8 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	This is our second stay in 2 years at this hotel and we have never been disappointed. The rooms are of good size and modern decor.The staff are always friendly and polite and the buffet breakfast has plenty of choice.Great location just, a few minutes away from the train and tube station. I would recommend this to anyone wanting a great base to discover London.	
Mar 1 2008 	A good hotel in agreat location	I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights while attending a conference. The staff were very helpful and always happy to help. My room was very clean, nicely furnished and the bed was really comfortable. Breakfast was fine but with not as much choice as many hotels I have stayed at in London.I ordered breakfast in my room on the second day but it had not turned up by the time I had to leave even after being assured it was on the way. I later complained to the guest relations manager who was very apologetic and deducted the cost of the breakfast from my bill. Thirty minutes later a huge platter of fruit and two bottles of water were delivered to my room with compliments of the management. I thought it was a nice gesture and made me feel as if I had been really listened to.The hotel is in the middle of everything with loads of shops and restaurants on the door step and next door to Victoria staion and underground. Buckingham Palace is just a short stroll away.I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Worn around the edges but decent hotel	I had no expectations about this hotel upon walking in, apart from reading a few reviews on tripadvisor.com. First impression was that it was amazingly hip and stylish for a hotel in that area. But I soon noticed that the hotel was really stuck in the past and was quite worn around the edges. The lobby and cheesy artwork seemed stuck in the early 90's -- with hold-over 80's neon-damage. The room was decently proportioned and furnished, but the carpet was well-worn. The bed was a bit saggy, but had nice linens. Ceiling lights in the room were oddly differently colored, with old and new lightbulbs intermixed. The bathroom was functional, with the added bonus of heated fog-free mirrors.The minibar was typical for a London hotel with a fairly limited -- and expensive -- selection. Pay-per-view was antiquated as well with a limited set of movies on rotation. The air conditioning/heater worked well and an added bonus was a window that opened for fresh air.WiFi in the room was very expensive, but not out of the ordinary for London hotels. I didn't try room service, but did have dinner in the hotel bar, which was tasty (alas the restaurant was booked up due to it being Valentine's Day). The big bar was comfortable and had a good selection. One bonus (at least in my mind) -- I got to see the hotel mouse referenced in other reviews. It was so cute, I had to drop a few peanuts on the floor for it, while making a mental note to request an upper floor on my next visit!I can't comment on the breakfast, since the Saturday morning line was too long to get in to the restaurant.I've heard stories from colleagues about hot water problems and other issues with the hotel, but with our corporate discount it was a great value for the money. Until something goes seriously wrong, I'll be back!	
Feb 24 2008 	Good and Bad Experience	My friend and I (40 &amp; 51 year old females) stayed at the Park Plaza Victoria as part of a coach tour weekend break to see Grease. We were unfortunate to have a terrible journey to London (10 hours journey from S Yorks) due to a variety of things which of course are not the hotels fault, however upon arrival you can imagine we were both very stressed and tired. First impressions of the hotel were very good, and we were issued with a twin room as requested which was very clean and well presented. The only draw back was that it overlooked a large building project and you felt that you we able to shake the hand if the builders on site it was that close and the curtains to the room didn't close totally! Also the air con blew out warm air and as the windows have restrictors on them, ventilation was awful.After our visit to the theatre we returned back to the hotel at approx 11:20pm and we decided to retire straight to our room for what we hoped was a good nights sleep. At approx 11:50pm, we were sat in our beds looking at the map of London and trying to plan the following days events when we had a knock on our bedroom door. Being two females alone we were obviously very concerned and decided to ignore it. A few minutes later we had another louder knock on the door and I decided to have a look through the spy hole. Outside stood 2 men and I called through the door what do you want. They said &quot;Security, open the door!&quot; As you can imagine we were so scared and refused to open the door. My friend phoned down to reception and told them what had happened. She was told that we had been reported for being too loud and hence security had been called. We explained that we were sat quietly in bed and not making any noise! The whole situation was totally unacceptable. Why didn't the hotel reception ring through to the room if they felt there was an issue, rather then send two security guards to a room with 2 female occupants. Following the incident neither of us were able to sleep and at 4:30am my friend suffered a severe migraine and was physically sick. We eventually went down for breakfast at 7am which was excellent with plenty of choice. One other thing to watch out for is the mini bar in the room - don't remove anything from it or move items around as it is computerised and automatically charges your room. I made the mistake of moving a Mars Bar and got a £1.50 charge, however when I explained this was cancelled. It is such a shame that we had a bad experience at this hotel, as some aspects were good, but I do feel that I need to make other travellers aware of this, especially if they are females travelling alone.	
Feb 24 2008 	Good location not very good service...	The location is great, right near Victoria. You will get a reliable breakfast here and it is one of the better breakfasts we've come across. However, the service here has been terrible on several occasions. Of the 4 times we have stayed there we have always had a problem either checking in or with our bill. We've booked through a corporate rate and this should be very simple - it never is.One morning upon requesting an iron - it came 1 hour and 45 minutes later. Another time housekeeping informed us they were &quot;out of irons&quot;. Not very typical of a business hotel.For what you pay for here, this really is not worth it.	
Feb 21 2008	Super Hotel	Had a super Valentine weekend in London. We were very pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the Park Plaza which is just across the road from Victoria Station. We had a super welcome by lovely reception staff and were able to take our room straight away at 10.30 am which was a bonus. Couldn't fault it. Will stay there every time we go to London. For anyone who likes Indian food there is a small Indian Restaurant on a corner opposite the breakfast room, called &quot;Spicy World&quot;. Super Indian food and take your own wine ! Excellent.	
Feb 18 2008 	Second stay at the VPP not dissapointed	This was our second stay at the VPP and we were not dissapointed. Like others writing here we arrived after a weary 20 hour journey quite early before check in in time. We were able to check in after a few hours wait but well before the standard check in time. We stayed on the 4th floor a couple of doors down from the lift and and no trouble with noise. The temperature was fine not too hot as others here have stated. The service was good at the restaurant where the continental breakfast was quite adequate. The rooms were clean and well maintained. We did not try to for a King bed and the Queen sixed bed was fine. Rooms were of reasonable size.As with others here, the location was caused us to return. Proximity to Victoria Station and the tube really is a plus. We went around the corner to see Billy Eliot which is hightly recommended. Internet access had a weekly rate this stay that was steep but not unreasonable and we did not have to go to the Starbucks around the corner to access (internet was down there anyways). There was an Italian restaurant just down the street that was quite good as was the Willow Walk Pub.We enjoyed the Golden Tours Bus tour to Windsor and Bath as well as the day trip to Paris during our stay.Would stay at the VPP again. If you use face towels don't forget to bring your own, they were not supplied. Also they were very stingy about soap.Regards S	
Feb 14 2008 	Loved the location!	Gota very good rate from this hotel and we were not disappointed! Great location and lovely big room! Well worth the price, staff were also very nice and the hotel had a huge bar area would definitely go again!	
Feb 11 2008 	Poor customer service	It appears that the old maxim that &quot;the customer is always right &quot; has no meaning for this hotel. Having suffered disappointments there before with my reservations, I gave the hotel another chance and will not be doing so again.I made my reservation in early January for a non smoking room with a king size bed. The reservation was duly confirmed. On arrival at the hotel 5 weeks later, I was checked into a room with a queen sized bed. Just for the record, on a previous stay I was given a smoking room, having booked a non smoking room. I then went down to reception to try and change the room and was given a dose of utter bs by the girl there who, despite my holding a piece of paper with my confirmed reservation, tried to argue that all these reservations are subject to availability. We were then asked to wait for up to 1.25 hours in the lobby for a room to become available. We had arrived at the hotel well after check in time by the way, so the fact was that they had simply ignored my reservation and were trying to palm me off with something I had not ordered. After about 20 minutes, we were shown to a room with a king size bed. The room was dirty and I have the distinct view that the management of this hotel are just letting it deteriorate. IMHO it falls short of 4* accomodation.Day 2 we left the room at 0700 and I looked for a &quot;please make up my room&quot; sign to hang on the door. There wasn't one and the hotel appear not to use them. The result was that on arriving back to the hotel at 1530 that afternoon, tired and in need of some privacy, I coincided with the maid just going into the room to clean it. This despite the fact that they were already on the floor when I left in the morning. I complained and, unbelievably, the same thing happened the next day.My wife then called the front desk to complain, was put onto someone in management who was totally unsympathetic and immediately went on the attack offering no apologyOn checking out I was asked if I had enjoyed my stay, and I related these experiences. The employee at checkout then requested that I speak to the assistant manager. I did not really want to as we were in a hurry, but I agreed to as I thought it might be helpful if he knew of the bad experiences of his guests.Some officious youngster then approached us, I explained my disattisfaction and he then immediately said that my complaints were small things and if I was that fussy I should stay at a 5 star hotel. Now, I have spent the majority of my life travelling and staying in a whole range of hotels and know that the issues I was complaining about are not normally experienced in a 4 star hotel. Still, he obviously had his view and as far as I could see, his attitude was part of the problem not the solution. All I needed was an apology, a realisation that I had been frustrated and an offer to look into these annoyances. I would probably have stayed there again. No such luck. This guy is too young, arrogant and inexperienced for a position which puts him in front of customers. The top management of this hotel need to take a close look at how they manage their customer relations. If I treated my customers like that, I would have no business left.The young man seemed oblivious tro the fact that a large majority of the complaints on this establishment relate to staff indifference.Don't stay there and, by the way, I don't think the ac in the room worked once during our stay.	
Jan 25 2008 	Trendy hotel in a good location	We stayed there on a business trip and although our favorite in London is the Mandarin we tried this being on a bit tighter budget. We were not disappointed. Rooms are a good size and modern, all what you need is there. The bar had a good selection of drinks especially whiskeys so we tried several and the nice waiter told us about the special characteristics of the whiskey. Location is really good as has been said before.	
Jan 16 2008 	Not bad	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights just before Christmas. Park Plaza Victoria is situated in an awesome location. it is 2 mins from the Victoria station. if you arrived from the airport, just take the express train to Victoria, walk out the exit that is closest to the McDonald's and you will see the hotel after a 2-min walk. My husband and I really liked the hotel, we thought that we would have a good nite sleep. The room was quite big, really nice bathroom. I must say the ventilation in the room was not what i expected. it was extremely dry, not like we cranked up the heat but we had to constantly drink water to keep ourselves from drying up. I really liked the room until i woke up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom. There was a big cockroach on the bathroom mirror. it was BIG! After i saw that, i couldn't sleep for the rest of the night.We came back to this hotel for the second time in Jan 2008, right before we flew back to Vancouver. This time, they gave us a bigger room and also complimentary continental breakfast. Don't expect too much from the breakfast. you are eating in London. wifi is available at a very high price compare to the rest of the hotels that we stayed in. other than that, i liked this hotel. i would come back to this hotel because it is super convenient.	
Jan 4 2008 	no such thing as a free lunch	Came back to this hotel as they wished to apologise for our last stay.offered us either a free lunchor dinner -we accepted.On arrival the electricity was out -not their error so that was ok. Unable to check us in till later due to fault again not their fault we went out shopping.On return they advised us taht they could not offer us the dinner in the restaurant as this was closed until Jan. this was their error. Asked why no one had told us about it -no response! Offered us dinner in the bar - we accepted.Dinner atthe bar -awful took 10 mins to get served and 45 mins for our starter to arrive (SALADS!!!). Complained and we were infromed that we had complained too much. No resolution and we eat outside the hotel.Do not stay here the holtel looks nice but they really have no customer service.	
Jan 2 2008 	Outstanding Service and Hotel	We chose this hotel because of it's proximity to Victoria Station. We were able to take the train from Gatwick to Victoria and walk 1/2 block to the Hotel.  The staff was just perfect. On Christmas day we were going on a tour for the whole day and nothing was open for breakfast. The front desk gave us a box breakfast that belonged to some tour group. The rest of the staff could not do enough for us. The rate was under $175 per day and the room and bath were excellent in size and cleanliness. There are excellent Turkish and Indian restaurants within a block of the hotel A great 5 day vacation in London. Caution: All public transportation is CLOSED on Christmas so only a few tours are available.	
Jan 2 2008 	Great location shame about.....	New Years Eve, stayed one night. Great location right in the centre of Victoria, London. Hotel contemporary appearance inside, staff very friendly. However, it was sad to see such a lack of attention to detail. Firstly, we had booked an executive room with lounge access with included breakfast. On arrival were told the lounge was closed and breakfast would be in the main restaurant. We were given drink vouchers for a 2 hr period in the evening. Our Restaurant booking was supposed to be at 9pm but they had booked us in at 6pm. In the morning we went to the main resaurant for breakfast only to be told to go the Executive lounge which was now open. We went there but couldn't get in because we didn't have the correct access card. Rooms were a reasonable size but it was too warm in there and the air conditioning unable to seemingly cope. Room very clean, nice bathroom. Come on Park Plaza, there are alot of good hotels in London, you really should not be so sloppy!	
Dec 28 2007 	Clean safe and friendly	This was my second stay at this hotel. Last time I stayed with my husband, and this time I was on my own. Stayed for one night only, but time permitting would have stayed longer. Made two theatre trips (bus ride of 6mins to Trafalgar Sq). Room and bathroom nice and clean. Also felt safe. Staff friendly enough and also efficient. Very handy for train to Gatwick for journey home. Have joined their loyalty programme as I'll be using the hotel again.	
Dec 24 2007 	I Won't be back	I wish I had more positive things to say about the Victoria Park Plaza, but I am finding it hard to come up with more positives than negatives.Lets start with reservations. I requested a room away from the lifts with a view. I am a light sleeper, I don't want to hear people discussing their day on the way to their rooms. Neither of these requests were fulfilled. In fact the first room I was allocated was literally backing onto the lift shaft. Not a good start at all.Location is good, as it is near to Victoria tube/bus/rail station, and handy for the two theatresReception. We arrived a little early for check in - around 130pm. We were met by what only can be described as chaos in the reception. a bus tour had arrived (they use this hotel a lot for bus tours). We waited 30 mins to check in. Understandably we weren't allowed in our hotel room, so we left our bags with the concierge. We came back at around 245pm, yet another queue another 20 mins wait to find out that our room wasn't ready. We weren't the only ones being told this, and people were a little understandably irrate. The reason given for not being able to have the room was that people had had it for a late check out. Not a good start, but we did some shopping and came back at 415pm. Still a queue of people trying to get into their rooms another 15 minutes wait. We had wasted almost an hour trying to get into our room. We asked the concierge if he would bring our bags to our rooms &quot;we've got 200 bags in here, you have got no chance&quot;. Absolute appalling service.Then we got to our room, but it was backing onto the lift shaft, the room itself was very hot (floor 7) despite me turning the &quot;air con&quot; down. This is not at all what I had requested, and had rang the hotel twice befor my visit to ensure they could meet my request. So my husband asks to change the room. No way, we are full. You will need to ring back after 7. All we wanted to do was to put our clothes into the wardrobe. So my husband rang back to try and get us a room away from the lifts and asked to speak to the manager. He admitted that there were some &quot;late check in rooms&quot; and perhaps we could wait until 7 until one of them was deemed free. My husband asked why the late check in room couldn't be swapped for our room. 15 mins later we were moved to room 437. Away from the lifts and with some comfort cooling (it isn't aircon, as it wasn't icy cool air coming out of the vent). It was now 515pm.We had paid extra for an executive package. This isn't a larger room, just bathrobes, slippers, flannel, comb, toothbrush and a golden delicious apple, a mandarin and a banana. It also gives you access to an &quot;executive&quot; lounge, which has tea/coffee, (cold water machine out of order), danish pastries, and in the evening wine and nibbles for 1 hour. I wouldn't say it was worth the money, much easier to go to the local pubs.The room itself is an average sized london room. 1 chair (in a room meant for 2), furnishings not unlike a holiday inn (lightwood furniture). In room 437 there is a stainless steel basin, not unlike a prison issue sink. The glass basin has obviously broken and been replaced with inferior fittings. The bed was comfortable, but no bed protectors over the matress, and stained mattress underneath. The pillows are thin and lifeless.As we had stayed at VPP before we knew that breakfast just tends to be one long queue at weekends (not unlike the reception), so we had breakfast in our room, which was well worth the £6 supplement , the food was hot and plentiful. I must say that in the last 5 years the VPP has gone downhill from a place where I used to want to stay to one I won't stay at again.I wrote to the manager about my stay, but 4 weeks after my stay, I still haven't had a letter of apology. I think this sums up the attitude of the hotel. There are other much better hotels for the money in Victoria, I personally will be looking at other places to stay in the future.	
Dec 24 2007 	terrible!	Having stayed here on business I booked two non smoking rooms directly with the hotel expressing at the time we were strict about having non smoking rooms.Arriving to find we were allocated smoking rooms and to be told the hotel was full and we could not move ensured we had a smelly room for the night. We also had to put up with people wandering floor one smoking (which I thought is now against the law?) The staff were ok but stated &quot;oh we have a lot of Air France crew who ingnore the UK laws and smoke freely&quot;!!not good enough, I ask for a part refund which was refused so...I won't stay there again which means another hotel will get my company business.	
Dec 21 2007 	loved it	stayed here for a weekend 7-9 of december, was a bit worried about the heating as i had my mother and my 8 year old daughter with me,but it was ok the room was warm so i asked for a fan but only had to use it on the first night, as for everything else in the hotel we loved it, spacious rooms and lobby area great location, and the staff were great we will definatly be going back next year,	
Dec 16 2007	o.k but there are better places for your money	Stayed for 2 nights in December 07 just for a chilling out weekend. If your looking for a hotel which is near Victoria bus/coach station well this is ideally situated, also only 10 minutes stroll to Buckingham Palace and a short taxi ride to Harrods. Also the Apollo theatre is a 2 minute walk away where at the moment ' Billy Elliot ' is on, really worth seeing. I paid £280 which i thought was average for a London hotel but my room looked onto a building site literally. The hotel is classed as a 4 star but i only found it to be average,its clean enough but nothing special and i would pay more money next time to stay somewhere a bit better. Would i go back to this hotel? No not really,enjoyed the location but i will stop somewhere else next time	
Dec 11 2007 	Great location	Great location. Just a couple of hundred yards from the Victoria rail and tube station. That really made a big difference considering that it rained every day that I was there. The proximity of the tube station meant that I did not have to get soaked in the rain.Very lively area, including pubs, shopping, theaters.Another reviewer commented that the room was hot. I would have to agree with that. It was cool outside - in th 40s at night (Farenheit) but even then, I would have to turn down the thermostat, and I still woke up with a sweat every morning. Either the thermostats are faulty or the hotel has inadequate air conditioning capacity.Internet connectivity was not well designed. There's a different charge for a wireless connection, vs. a wired conection. the two services can't figure out that you are connecting from the same room, so you get billed separately. The wired connection gets billed to your room, and the wireless connection you have to pay with your credit card. That's not very intelligent.	
Dec 5 2007 	Interesting Experience ...	We stayed at the Park Plaza the nights of November 24 through November 26. We decided to splurge a bit and got the Executive upgrade. It was interesting …What We LikedPerfect location. Less than 5 minutes from Victoria StationRoom size – larger than we expectedComfortable bedLots of hot water in the morning.What We Didn’t LikeHair dryer was in the closet in the hallwayThe hotel was REALLY hot each night. After two inquiries, and being told that someone would take care of it, by the third request we finally found out that the A/C had been turned off, so there was no other way to cool the room even a bit was to open the window. Good location, but noisy location. Just left the window open as long as we could each night.Some staff seemed disinterested and didn’t know the answer to simple questions about the hotel or the areaWeird bathroom layoutSheets not changed two days in a row. We had spilled a bit of cola on the sheet the first night we were there, in an area normally covered by the duvet. As the bed was always made when we returned, we had no reason to believe the sheets were not changed. But upon packing to leave the morning of our departure, and pulling back the duvet to make sure we had everything, we discovered the original spot. When we mentioned it upon checkout, the clerk didn’t seem to think it was a big deal.Our ImpressionsThere’s a lot of interesting design in the hotel. The room was large and well furnished. But it just seems like much of the design is not really functional. The pillows on our bed looked great with the bedding, but they were not comfortable to sleep on. Minor irritation.We’ll check out another hotel in the area the next time we’re in London. This is a beautiful hotel, but just not to our taste.	
Nov 28 2007 	loved the hotel and staff	Loved the hotel. Close to train station. Spacious rooms which were very clean. Staff were a delight but maybe a little nudge to breakfast restaurant staff who were not quite so friendly. Maybe it was a bit early for them!!!!!Got in touch with hotel direct as it was a special occasion and they could not have been more friendly. Luke- Jozef the guest relations manager was superb and made our stay very memorable.Will definitely use again and would definitely recommend	
Nov 24 2007 	Great hotel near Victoria	We stayed only 1 night in mid-november shopping weekend in London and we loved the Park Plaza Victoria. It was our 1st time in this hotel and booked through their website a Dble King-Deluxe roomUpon check-in, we were told that King-Dble are sold out but we finallyreceived an Apartment for free upgrade! It was a nice touch they gave us as the apartment is almost twice the size of a dble-room I can guess (see pics), and very comfortable.Room was great, large, clean, not too warm, with a nice marble bathroom, a kitchen, DVD player and a Hifi stereo. A sitting aera was also provided as well as tea/coffee facilities. The only thing I wouldrecommend is a newer TV (LCD or Plasma) and a more comfortable Bed forsuch a room. Otherwise ok.The Victoria Station is only 2-3 min walk as well as Bus and Tube station. Very conveninent after a long day shopping in the busy street of London.Try the Pub right next to the hotel (The Willow). Or the Wagamama restaurant at the shopping mall nearby. Theater and Music hall are right at the corner. Will surely come back again next time.	
Nov 21 2007 	Great Value	We booked this hotel through Lastminute.com and found it to be just what we wanted and great value for money.The hotel was clean and modern and not at all pretentious like some of the other pokey,chintzy hotels we have stayed in in London.The room was a good size and not at all hot!The bathroom was fine but I would agree that it was difficult to turn on the tap because the shower screen got in the way!However,this is really just nitpicking.I would definitely use this hotel again and I tend to be quite fussy about where I stay!	
Nov 17 2007 	room INFERNO 	We stayed for 4 nights in Mid Nov 2007. THE GOODThe hotel is in a FANTASTIC location just 60 seconds from London Victoria. The rooms are a good size (for a downtown hotel) and the bathrooms spacious and well equipped.Staff are friendly, the restaurant and bar are really nice and offer good food. Overall the hotel has a nice fresh and clean feel to it.THE BADDespite turning off the heat and leaving the window open for 3 days our room remained incredibly warm throughout our stay. We mentioned it to front desk several times but were just told that the hotel was warm. There appeared to be NO A/C in any room.The other major gripe were the pillows. Akin to sleeping on a stack of newspapers these were some of the worst pillows we had ever seen. The beds were 'ok' but compared to Westin, Marriott etc they were a far cry from their blissful qualitities!We spoke with the manager on the last night and were given a fan for our room and complimentary drinks from the bar. They assured us that the problem was going to be resolved in the next few days.Would probably give this hotel another go as aside from the temp it had many great qualities as a place to stay!	
Nov 6 2007 	Nice Hotel Shame about the sweltering rooms!	We booked the Park Plaza Victoria on the basis of the ranking and write ups on his site and we weren't disappointed, at first...The Staff are polite and cheery however they did miss out several bits of information when we spoke to them on booking - this is the concierge at fault. We drove up so needed somewhere to park and as we had booked this hotel partly as it falls outside the congestion charge zone we had enquired about the availability of car parking either at the hotel or nearby. We were told Hotel parking was £30 per night and the NCP which is outside the zone is £22. Cool, I thought saving myself a few quid there, however you cannot get to the NCP without going through the CC zone so thats another £8, or you can pay £30 per night to park.... Not happy about that.....I was checked in efficiently and our room was clean and fairly spacious (Superior King Size) with a decent TV with SkySports - always a winner in my eyes. However the room was soooo hot I started sweating within 2 mins of being in there so asked for someone to come and have a look and was told that all the rooms were like this due to the unusually warm weather for November. Bit odd for a 4 star hotel not to have decent aircon. Still at least we weren't cold! We asked for an aircon unit and at second time of asking we got one. The bed was comfortable but not an actually a kingsize but 2 large single matresses with plenty of blankets to stop it from being a problem, on a kingsize base - a minor issue but a bit of a cheat.Bathroom is clean &amp; well stocked with great shower &amp; plenty of towels &amp; shower gel etc. Good wardrobe space, safe, tea &amp; coffee making facilities &amp; ice bucket.One gripe from my other half was that we knocked some stuff over in the mini-bar on arrival and asked for it to be checked (at 4pm friday) and on saturday night/sunday morning at 12.30AM we got a knock at the door (while I was asleep) and it was them coming to check. She was not amused.All in all a nice hotel with some good staff &amp; some muppetts and crap aircon.heating systems. Probably won't go again unless they have fixed the heating/aircon. Will check next time i come to London - please let me know!	
Nov 1 2007 	Good Location	This Hotel has a great Location and as i was staying for a business trip was very easy to reach from Paddington station.Rooms were average for the Price paid, and were unbearably hot. I was disturbed 3 times on the morning of my departure by house keeping staff wanting to clean my room which i did not appreciate on my one morning lie in!On the whole though staff on reception were very pleasant both checking me in and out of the hotel, and there was always someone around if needed.Breakfast was beautiful!	
Oct 17 2007 	Nice Quiet Central Location	Stayed in the Victoria Plaza with some girlfriends as part of a week-end theatre break.Upon arrival, first impressions were not that great. Hotel doesn't look anything special from the outside and the reception looked a bit odd (lots of pairs of pairs of jeans stuffed with reeds decorate the window areas!) However the check in at reception and concierge service were both superb, and all of the staff we met during our stay were very polite and helpful. The guest rooms were of a good size, very clean, modern and light with nice views and great balconies. We had upgraded to the excecutive package which includes robe and slippers in the room, sewing kit, hot chocolate, a couple of biscuits, chocolates and pieces of fruit, shaving kit and comb. You also receive complementary drinks and snacks in the executive lounge between 6-8). Probably not worth the money to upgrade as most of the items provided as usually given as standard in most 4* hotels. Breakfast was buffet style breakfast, plentiful with lots of variety, although &quot;hot&quot; food was only just warm. This is served in the executive suite if you upgrade which is relatively small. A number of guests were asked to return later or eat in the main restaurant.The hotel is in a great location, quite central and within easy walking distance to Victoria train and tube stations and the Victoria Theatre. There are lots of cafe bars, restaurants and snack bars all a short walk away. However, the hotel is in a nice quiet location and there is little if any noise at night (always a plus in London!)If you are looking for a good quality hotel in a great location, then you won't be disappointed with this one.	
Oct 9 2007	Very nice hotel in a good location - walking distance to several London sights.	Trafalgar tours booked our rooms - and it was an excellent choice. Very clean rooms - close to Victoria Station, theatres, and other London sights. Staff was nice - especially in the restaurant - the waitstaff were very attentive and friendly. Breakfast was good - great variety. Would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Oct 8 2007 	Fantastic weekend!	I booked this hotel on a chance through lastminute.com as one of their top secret hotels. The chance paid off. I was visiting London for the weekend as a treat for my 30th Birthday back in the middle of July 2007. I was more than happy. We had 2 rooms booked and both rooms were modern, spacious, clean, light and airy and very comfortable. I had booked 2 Executive rooms and noted that we were there for my birthday and I believe we had a free upgrade as it was double the size of the other room booked and that wasn't small! So that was a nice little personal touch (although secretly what I was hoping for)! The only meals we had in the hotel over the weekend was breakfast each morning. This was lovely with a huge choice. Everything you would expect on the cooked breakfast front served buffet style, along with a large selection of cereals, fruits, pastries, cold continental meats, fruit juices etc etc. No need for lunch!!The location of the hotel was another huge plus. Ideal for following the tourist trail. 2 minute walk to Victoria station, approx 10/15 mins walk to Buckingham palace and 30 mins walk to Big Ben and London Eye.And last but no means least the friendly staff. From check in to when we checked out always a &quot;hello&quot; and a smile on passing.So basically in a nutshell, I would definately stay there again and have recommended to friends afew times since. (I shall be in touch for my commision)!!Thanks again for playing a big part in making my 30th birthday an event I will definately never forget.	
Oct 4 2007 	A little disappointed with my visit.	I have regularly used the Victoria Park Plaza because it is good value at week-ends and very convenient for the Gatwick Express. We always book an executive room which comes with Club Lounge access and the bedrooms are usually very stylish. This latest visit we couldn't check in early which was not a significant problem as the concierge looked after our bags. When we finally checked in, the room was disappointing for an executive room and was a little jaded compared to normal. The Club lounge during the day is rather a waste of time only having a coffee machine and a few croissants left over from breakfast. Complimentary alcoholic and soft drinks are available from 6pm until 8pm and there are a few bits and pieces to snack on. The Club lounge breakfast is excellent however. I have previously rated this hotel a 5 on trip advisor but it needs to work harder as it gets older. Next visit to London will probably see us staying elsewhere.	
Sep 26 2007 	3.5 Star Rooms 1 Star Service	Stayed here for a week in mid-September...Perfect Location, a 2 minute walk to the front lobby as we hopped off the Gatwick Express. National Rail, London's Underground and buses are also in the same Victoria station. It was a good base for us to get around on our 1 week Oyster Travel Card which was about £24 per person for Zone 1-2.Front Desk:Checking-in at 2:30pm was smooth although the front desk clerk didn't seem to like her job too much (i.e. not overly friendly). They also wanted to pre-authorize an additional £25 per night to cover incidentals which was not a problem for us but may be for other guests, be forewarned if your limit is not high enough to cover this on a lengthy stay.Conciege was friendly and booked us fast-track tickets to Buckingham Palace's state rooms opening which was very useful as it saved us about 2 hours in the lineup outside.Room: It was a standard King - clean &amp; spacious room, very large by London standards - typical North American hotel room size, comes with EU and N.A. format wall outlet, very convenient. A/C is nice &amp; powerful. View is of the adjacent construction site but we've always kept the drapes closed so not an issue for us. The &quot;King Bed&quot; was actually 2 twins pushed together with no mattress topper so you can feel the gap just underneath the bedsheet.Bathroom:The design leaves lots to be desired. The Shower-Bath combo did not have a shower curtain or a full door, only a half folding door which was not sufficient to keep the water out while showering unless you crunch up inside at the front of the tub. (see pic). An absolutely stupid design. The shower pressure is non-existent: completely limp. The toilet seat looked well worn, and the towels are like sandpaper from a cheap Holiday Inn in Alabama.Internet access:The Internet was £2.99 per hour and £9.99 per day for 56K connection - who uses 56K these days!? It's 2007! For those of us who don't live in a cave the regular high speed is £12.99 for 24 hours, about double of major US 4 Star Hotels (just like everything else in London). We found a cafe next door to the hotel that also doubles as an internet cafe in the basement. They charge £1 for 35 minutes and it was quite useful for us.Housekeeping:Here's where the real fun begins. They can be described only with one word - terrible. I have never in all my travels encountered such terrible housekeeping in a 4+ star establishment. In fact, I've had better housekeeping in a 2 star Florida motel, which is why I rate this service a measely 1 star.Where do I begin? The towels have stains on them on multiple occasions; The toiletries are always missing one or two items when replaced; The kleenex (tissue) box was not replaced when it ran out (the box wasn't new when we checked in), neither was the toilet paper on one night; The window was always left open during the day with the construction site immediately next to us - letting the dust and noise in upon our return; The sheets were changed once - the night prior to our departure; The coffee &amp; tea are never replentished and our cups were not washed on several occasions. All of these missing items we have to ask for practically every night to have them bring up. Other than making the bed and replace the towels, they did not do much during our 1 week stay.The Bottom Line:For £160/night + tax I really expected better, if I wanted non-existent service in an okay room I would've save 2/3s of my money and stayed at a hostel. What a joke of a so called 4-star hotel. If it wasn't for the location I would've regretted terribly to have picked the Park Plaza Victoria over the Hilton London Tower Bridge after much deliberations. The location of this place is their only saving grace.	
Sep 12 2007 	One of the nice hotels in that area..	I have stayed at this hotel twice this year (2007). The hotel is just a short walk from Victoria station and for under GBP 90/night, I think it's a good deal. The room I had was of good standard, clean and the bed was comfortable. Everything else in the room works as it should. I did not try breakfast / dinner at the hotel and can't comment on that.	
Sep 9 2007 	Nice room great lobby bar 	Stayed for a week. The room was of average size for any place other than London, but somewhat above average size for being in the center of the city. The closet space however was tiny. My window looked out into a back ally. Room AC worked well and the bed was confortable. The bathroom was spacious with a shower stall seperate from the bath. Breakfast was included with the price and it was a good selection with a nice atmosphere. All of the staff was friendly and helpful. It was a bit of an adventure to go for a morning run, I had to cross several busy streets adjacent to Victoria Station in order to make my way over to St. James Park. Nice residential neighborhood just outside the door with pubs and restaurants. Nothing fancy, but lots of casual dining choices.	
Sep 7 2007 	Good Value For London	I booked this hotel based on the Tripadvisor reviews and was pretty pleased with it. I stayed in a standard room which was a decent size - in particular the bathroom which had a separate shower and bath. The furnishings were quite nice and modern although the room was a maybe a little bare. The staff were polite and helpful which was a bit of a pleasant surprise in this country. The hotel is very convenient for Victoria station (just a couple of minutes away) and sights like Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliment and Tate Britain are within walking distance. The area immediately around the hotel is fine with plenty of bars and restaurants - there's also a Sainsbury's nearby. Overall I'd say the Park Plaza is good value for a hotel in central London - I got a rate of £116 a night from the hotel's own website. One thing to bear in mind is that there is buidling work going on opposite the hotel although my room was on the other side so I wasn't troubled by noise.	
Sep 4 2007 	location location	Modern, clean hotel w/in short walking distance to Victoria Station(buses, tube, train) as well as sightseeing buses nearby. Walked to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's Cathedral(would not recommend).Rooms good size, great beds, bathroom very large. Didn't care for the all mirrored look though-a little too revealing for my taste!Many good restaurants nearby, all again w/in walking distance.Enjoyed our stay and being so centrally located to see so much and being able to eat dinner so close by after a long day. Try The Willow for breakfast-can't beat the full English breakfast for 2.5lbs-so, so cheap for London! Did not eat at hotel-too expensive, lounge ok, staff ok, some better than others. Basically just slept here so it worked for us.Would definitely go back.	
Sep 3 2007 	A disappointment	We booked a 3 night stay at this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. After a long flight to Heathrow from Dulles, we took the subway to Victoria Station, and finally located the hotel after some time dragging our luggage about. Upon arriving at midnight, the desk clerk immediately said &quot;I have good news and bad news&quot;. The bad news was that due to the some alleged computer glitch, they had filled all of the rooms (this was after I had re-confirmed the reservation a couple of days before departing). It was a Saturday night, so I was skeptical. There were absolutely no rooms available, so the &quot;good news&quot; was that they had booked us in the Hisperia a couple of blocks away (a higher-end hotel in the same chain). They would pay the difference, but only for one night, then we would have to re-pack and drag our bags back to the Park Plaza the next morning. All in all, a real pain. We would have preferred just staying at the Hisperia, but that was not an option.The hotel management was very apologetic, but I didn't understand why a confirmed reservation (I had notified them in advance of our late arrival) was given up to another party.The room was sufficient - nothing memorable. The location was noisy, but very convenient to Victoria Station.	
Aug 31 2007 	great hotel!!!!	great hotel, in great location, right round the corner from victoria train station, the only down side was the fire alarm in the middle of the night, when we did return to our rooms we had just settled back down to sleep when the tv came blaring on apoligising for the fire alarm!! but apart from that it was lovely, they was a good selection for breakfast, check in and out was fine too, would recommend to anyone	
Aug 25 2007	We enjoyed this hotel!	We have stayed in London several times and this hotel was by far the best. The location is great , just across from Victoria station. The rooms were spacious and had been updated. The beds were clean and comfortable. We booked 3 king rooms and received 2 king and1 queen which turned out to be fine. Would definately stay here again and would recommend to others. We did not eat at this hotel as it was 17pounds ($34) for breakfast a bit pricey!	
Aug 17 2007 	very impressed	Spent 8 nights with Wife and 2 small children and could not have been happier. We received a great rate which included Full English Breakfast (served in the Executive Room) and were very impressed with everything. The location is great and there are many restaurants nearby. The ones we tried were all fine although we were disapointed with Bumbles. Staff in Hotel were very helpful (front desk organised online check in for our return flights and printed boarding passes).One tip. We arrived by train at Victoria with huge amount of luggage and even though hotel is close it would have been too much to manage with small children. British Rail porters are very good and one agreed to take us all the way to hotel even though they are not supposed to leave the train station.	
Aug 17 2007 	Hotel good staff average	We selected this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. No real problems with the hotel itself. The location was very good, just up the road from Victoria Station, and near theatre and pubs etc. It was very easy to get around using the Underground.Most of the staff were eastern European (it seemed like the staff in every shop in London were eastern European) and were generally terse and unhelpful.As an example, there was tea/coffee facilities in the room, but they stopped replenishing them. I went to reception to get some more and was told in no uncertain terms that my level of room ( a standard queen) did not qualify for free tea and coffee. When I pointed out that we had been given it before I received a very harsh response. I let it go, and returned to my room, only to be rung by reception to say that they were wrong, and I should have got it, and they would send some up. A housekeeping staff member duly arrived with a minimal amount of coffee satchels, and a very surly attitude. A small example, but typical of several episodes in the week we stayed there.Overall rating - reasonable hotel, great location, poor staff,	
Aug 11 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 8 nights at the end of July. The rooms were spacious and very clean, especially the bathrooms. The location was ideal. Very close to Victoria rail station, restaurants etc. While the staff were efficient I did not find them to be overly friendly. That is not to say they were rude, but they weren't overly eager to assist when, we as first time visitors to England, we wanted to know how to get somewhere. The restaurant was nice with friendly staff although quite expensive.	
Aug 2 2007 	poor service	The accommodation was spacious and the hotel was very clean. You couldn't hear any traffic noise from the room - which is a real find in London. However, the service was really poor.Breakfast was £17 in addition to the room cost and on both days we had to wait for the buffet breakfast to be 'topped up' as they'd run out of nearly everything, the toast queue was also tideous as the toaster actually didn't toast and so it required several trips through the toaster to become anywhere near satisfactory.The conceirge was probably the worst I've ever met - when we asked him to recommend a good fish restaurant that wasn't too pricey he recommended a fish and chip shop in Waterloo!!!!!	
Jul 24 2007 	Reliable as ever	I now stay at the Park Plaza monthly as it is virtually the only decent business-class hotel near Victoria station - and I (unfortunately) speak from a wealth of experience regarding the competition.While the street location can hardly be called charming, it is very convenient - perhaps 3 minutes walk to Victoria. This is not a tourist are Inside, the hotel is modern. Renovated rooms, no creaky floorboards, working air conditioning/heating, working modern fixtures, working wireless internet (but expensive!). You'll need to be on the 7th floor or higher to have a view of anything at all. Decent exercise facilities in the basement ( which I don't often use as I prefer outdoor running). Restaurant is Italian-themed, and passable. Breakfast buffet is okay but sometimes overrun by those with it included in the room tariff. Staff (Eastern Europeans for the most part) are friendly (I always get a &quot;Welcome back, Mr. ****&quot;). There can be a back-up in the queue for checking in/out so allow extra time.Executive rooms (for an extra $50) don't seem worth it - not much difference if any in size, and it's too much $ for the free breakfast/happy hour in the 2nd floor lounge.	
Jul 19 2007 	Extremely convenient comfortable and a good restaurant	I really enjoyed my stay here - I was in town for a conference at ExCel London, and wanted a nicer hotel near the Tube, so this worked perfectly for me. The staff was really excellent, and my room was comfortable and clean. Basically any location is within reach from the Victoria tube/train station, which is only a block and a half away. I went to the local Sainsbury's for the basics, and treated myself to a delicious meal in the hotel restaurant one evening. All in all, a very enjoyable stay, and I will remember this location for future stays.	
Jul 18 2007 	One of the best I've ever stayed at	This is a wonderful hotel. The rooms are exquisite, the staff lovely and the breakfast very good. Location also good, access to all of London at nearby station.	
Jul 17 2007 	Excellent Service 	My cousin and I have just returned from a weekend stay at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel, I must say this hotel offers a really great service and employ really helpful staff.We arrived at 12 noon and had to wait until 2pm for our room - which is normal in most hotels so no problems there. The concierge was so helpful he took in our bags and recommended some things we could do in the area until our room was ready.The hotel is in an excellent location it is a 2-3 minute walk from Victoria station - so very easy to get around London cheap and efficently, and for anyone going to see the show Wicked or Billy Elliot it is perfect as it is also 2-3 minute walk to both these shows.We were so near everything that we walked to Buckingham Place, St James Park and the London Eye all only 10-15 minutes away. The rooms are spacious and clean as are the bathrooms. The only thing I would fault with the room is the fact they don't have proper curtains they use lace trying to keep in with the modern appearance of the hotel - so not much sleep in the mornings due to the light. The hotel bar was comfortable for a drink after a hard day sightseeing, and the breakfast option available was also very enjoyable.The staff are so helpful here and will go out of their way to try and help you at all times. I will certainly stay at this hotel again when I am next in London.Tip: if your looking for a show to go see in London - I would really recommend Momma Mia it was a great nights entertainment not to be missed!	
Jul 8 2007 	Great location	Victoria Park Plaza has a great location close to the Victoria train station in a quiet area and the people working there are sweet and always helpful. The room was great except for problems with the magnetic strip on keycard (locked myself out once a day during the stay) and a broken massage shower which sent out a plastic thingy and hit my toe real hard (ouch - there was nothing wrong with the water pressure!).Please note: breakfast might not be included, but there are plenty of good places to eat breakfast in this area.	
Jun 28 2007 	Great location!	Stayed here for 2 nights. Fantastic location (5 mins walk from Victoria Station). Check in was smooth and the room was a reasonable size for London. Bed was comfy (but a double not a king/queen). Bathroom was a good size with a seperate bath and shower). There was a PROPER hairdryer in the wardrobe and a safe/mini bar). Walls seemed to be paperthin (or maybe we were surrounded by noisy people!!!!). Did not eat or drink in the hotel. Lots of bars/pubs around the hotel (worth exploring off the tourist trail - lots of local residents pubs nearby). Overall a good experience.....	
Jun 27 2007	Close to Victoria Station	We stayed at this hotel for four nights. The check-in staffers were indifferent, although the concierge were pleasant. (For example, they were able to print off our airplane boarding passes the day we left.) The business center computer did not work. The rooms were clean and comfortable (goosedown comforters), although I spotted a few holes in the linens. The mirrors in the bathroom were heated, and there was A/C and satellite TV stations (including stations in Spanish, French, Italian, and German). One of the best features of the room: on the desk, there was a US power outlet, as well as EU and UK outlets. (No more using the adapter!) On most mornings we opted to not pay for the breakfast in the hotel and instead eat at nearby cafes. On the last morning, we tried the hotel breakfast. It was 12 pounds for the continental buffet, and an additional 4 pounds for the full English breakfast. We opted for the continental buffet, which included cereals, fruits, fresh pastries, yogurt, juices, and tea/coffee. (I noticed that the full English breakfast was also set up in a buffet style.) The hotel is close to Victoria train station/ underground (tube) station. There are shops and restaurants inside the station. This hotel would be especially convenient for travellers who fly into Gatwick, as the Gatwick Express train connects the airport with Victoria Station. Alas, we flew into Heathrow, and therefore needed to take a taxi to Paddington Station to catch the Heathrow Express train. All in all, the hotel served its purpose as a place to rest between sight-seeing, and if I am in London again, I would consider staying at this hotel again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Best Four Star Hotel In London	Greetings,We have stayed at more than our fair share of hotels: Four star, five star, an occasional (regrettable) three star, but mostly four star. This is our favourite four star hotel in London. When you consider there are hundreds hotels competing for best four star, that’s quite an accomplishment.The Park Plaza Victoria has become our favourite London hotel because Luke-Jozef Francois knows how to make his guests feel special, by taking care of the pesky details that rarely occur to the typical UK hotel. There might be other guest relation managers, in the hospitality business, who care about their guests as much as Luke does, but I have yet to meet one. When we stay here, Luke (and his exceptional team) make us feel like we’re staying with gracious friends who have been anticipating our arrival. I’m not the easiest guest to please. As an American living and working in England, I have never grown accustomed to the tiny, airless, drab, dated, appalling rooms, too many UK hoteliers pawn off on unsuspecting guests. The Victoria Plaza is the antithesis of this: The rooms are bright, spotless, efficient and modern. The art throughout the common areas, adds to the buoyant feeling of the hotel. Choose the kind of pillow you want from a pillow menu in every room; the elevator actually moves between floors with ease. Eat in the bar; the restaurant, executive lounge (for snacks and breakfast) or one of dozens of options, within a few blocks of the hotel. Naturally, there is room service, but come on, you’re in London, you don’t want to hang out in your room, nice as it is.Given the option, go for an upgrade to a deluxe room, or junior suite. You’ll have more elbow-room. If you’re an American, get the junior suite. It will be just right for you. Things you might not think about, but probably should: Yes, there is air conditioning and it works well. The windows don’t open much and this is one of my few complaints about the hotel. The windows need to open more. There is a wonderful, knowledgeable concierge who will always steer you in the right direction. Ask. You’re a couple of blocks from Victoria Station, one of London’s most popular train stations. It is an easy walk, even with luggage, from Victoria Station to the hotel. We do it all the time. Public transportation is excellent. You can catch a bus (take the bus, you’ll see more) to almost anywhere within a couple of blocks.Back to the hotel: The water pressure is good. The bathrooms have tubs and showers, sometimes separate, sometimes together. Thoughtful toiletries. The towels are a nice weight (not too thin) Executive rooms (and up) come with robes and slippers. Housekeeping is very good. Be sure to leave a tip for them. They work hard. The paper you request will be delivered to your door. We get The Guardian. There is broadband and coffee/tea making facilities in the room. Given the option (with your upgrade) have breakfast in the Executive Lounge. It is not as physically appealing as the main dining room downstairs, but the food and service are excellent. Get there early, or you wont get a table. Ditto for happy hour wine, which we mostly miss being out all day.A lot of Yanks seem to stay here, probably because it is as good as the 4-stars you find in the states. Hotel works equally well for business or pleasure. It doesn’t cater to the wedding/conference crowd, which is what you want. Christmas is the best time to stay in London. You can get an excellent deal here that time of year.Things can wrong with any hotel, especially when they are fully booked. Things will go wrong here (and have) but the difference is they care enough to sort it out quickly. They care enough to consistently provide a welcoming environment. There are few hotels, I can say this about. When visiting London, I whole-heartedly recommend The Victoria Plaza Hotel. Viva La Vida!	
Jun 25 2007 	Location Location Location!	We stayed in this hotel in Sept 05 and were surprised by the location! When we arrived at the Victoria Station, we walked out and didn't know where to go so we got a cab and found that it was only &quot;a bit of a short walk&quot; from the station! The staff went above and beyond in helping us with anything we wanted or needed! They kept our luggage when we arrived so we could walk around and they also kept it for us when we went up to Scotland for a night and never expected anything for it! The room was large, clean and comfortable, felt just like home! We'd recommend this hotel to anyone! You can walk all over London from this hotel with no problems.	
Jun 24 2007	Money well spent	Very good quality hotel.The rooms the food and the public areas were all first class. We booked an executive room and used the lounge which provtded all free drinks and nibbles all day and alcholic drinks from 1800hrs to 2000hrs. The location is good and is about 50 mtrs from the Apollo Victoria theatre. Would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2007 	Best location	The hotel is beautiful, modern and extremely clean. The beds are the most comfy beds I have ever had in a hotel. You just sink right in and cuddle up with the wonderful duvet. Big, modern marble bathrooms. The bar and bartendars are great, as is the yummy pastry shop (you start to drool when you walk in). The location is the best. Right across the street from a busy train station (Gatwick Express arrives here), with plenty of tube lines. And a couple of blocks walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Green Park, St. James Park (so pretty), Horseguard Palace and Churchill's Museum and Cabinet War Rooms. Take a walk the other direction and you are in a regular neighborhood with non-touristy restaurants. PLENTY of dining options all around. We have stayed at the hotel twice and intend to stay here every time we go to London.	
Jun 11 2007 	Beautiful Modern Hotel with Great Service	The Park Plaza has everything a tourist could want in accomodations. It has clean, modern and well organized rooms. The staff made every attempt to accomodate our needs. Probably the best reason to book here is that it is within walking distance to Victoria Station and for theatres. The restaurant is rather pricey, but the food was excellent and well-presented.	
Jun 5 2007	Great location	An American in London for the first time (though I've been to 10 foreign countries), I was very pleased with this hotel. Great location -- just steps from Victoria Station, which you can't underestimate after a red-eye flight. It's in the heart of tourist spots and fairly priced by London standards. My one advice is ask for a high floor because street traffic can be loud during the day. Honestly, if people don't like this hotel, they're being picky. It's clean, close and cost effective and you're not going to be in the room much anyway.	
Jun 4 2007 	Awesome Place	This is one of the very best hotels I have ever stayed at. The rooms are great, large for London and clean. The free breakfast was a great way to start every day. Many times the rolls and danish were right out of the oven. I think the location is the best part, though, because it was so easy to get around with the Victoria Station only a couple of minutes away. Oh, I forget to mention the SERVICE. It was exceptional. A very good place for fish and chips is right down the street called Sea Fresh. They get their fish in every morning so it couldn't be fresher. The portions are large and fried just right. Also, right across the street from Sea Fresh is a large grocery store that also has hot food. You can't go wrong staying at the Victoria Park Plaza. You will love it.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Weekend	We booked a special deal for an executive room with breakfast included. Have to agree with the other reviewer that the executive package really isn't worth the extra. We ventured into the lounge on the Friday evening and it was just like a waiting room at an airport.The bar downstairs was much more pleasant and we spent a few hours relaxing in it after seeing Shows in the evening. Our room was at theback of the hotel overlooking other rooms but it was great because itwas very quiet. The room and bathroom spacious, very clean and had all the amenities you would expect. The air conditioning in the room was fantastic and much appreciated as the weather was very warm. The breakfast in the morning was excellent as was the meal we had in the restaurant one evening. We found all the staff very friendly, helpful and in our experience we didn't have to wait at all. I found the staff to be one of the highlights of the hotel.The hotel is perfect if you are visiting to see Wicked (which is fantastic). If traveling by the Gatwick Express the Hotel is ideal as it is a five minute walk from the station without having to haul luggage up and down stairs! We felt very safe walking in the area at night. If going back to London I probably would stay in this Hotel and would have no problem recommending it to anyone.	
Jun 4 2007 	Excellent!	Booked this hotel as a Secret Hotel option on Lastminute.com - what a find! We had booked a superior room only, however, on arrival were given the executive package which included full english breakfasts, bathrobes, slippers, welcome tray with water, chocolates, coffee and hot chocolate as well as full use of the executive lounge with free refreshments all day including wine, beer and canapes between 6pm - 8pm. Unbelieveable! I have stayed in numourous hotels around London and although the rooms may not be as plush as those at the Hilton the service was excellent. So close to Victoria - not only the tube station but also the fabulous new plaza with good priced chain bars and cafes. Would definately stay again but would also book with a web agency rather than directly as it was amazing value for money.	
May 27 2007 	Bit disappointed	Having read the reviews on here I was a little disappointed with my 'executive' stay at this hotel. We had booked an executive room which was clean but v averagely furnished. It appears that the executive label means you get a robe, slippers &amp; free water I think rather than any larger or nicer room.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful but not v plentiful so often a wait occurred for the reception or conciege to even acknowledge me!We had access to the 'executive' lounge, a soul less room with a few tables and chairs, a tv and a tea/coffee machine - not exactly executive!Nice breakfast &amp; friendly &amp; attentive service there.Overall an average stay but I'm glad I'd got a last minute deal and not paid full price!!	
May 10 2007 	Absoulutelly superb service and staff	I have stayed with the hotel a few times whilst on business in londonand am always greeted by name and all of my favorite requirements arealways fulfiled. Besides the fact that I have come to know the staffquite well, Luke Francois(The Guest Relations Manager), Has been so helpful to me even when my computer broke down, and always making sure that all of my needs are taken care of. As a woman traveller, I especially find it very safe and curteous to be walked to my room, late at night when I usually arrive. The executive package is something I would definately reccomend. I remember on one of my visits when the power went down and I was using the executive lounge for my work, and Luke handled ths situation incredibly well, and maintained a team of his staff to re-assure everyone that the situation was being dealt with. A very busy hotel, in the middle of london next to the Victoria station, I always feel a sense of calm when I am there and I can get the rest on their superb beds! Being in the hotel industry myself, I wish I had more staff like The Victoria Park Plaza. Aditionally the conference facilites are great and the gym is well equipped and even have a spa!I particullarily like the lobby area which is quite funky and the decor is quite a conversation piece! I usually book by hotels.com but if you call the central resrevaions they are usually very close to the on-line rate. Its also quite handy as there are a few other properties which they reccomend if they are fully booked.A stunning place and a great place to enjoy sime time out! Next time you go to London, even if its just for a coffee be sure to check out the hotel! If you are lucky Luke or one of his staff may be able to give you a tour so you can really understand what I mean!	
May 7 2007 	Great value for Central London	A very good find offering a quality hotel experience at a very reasonable price for London. Just a minute's walk from Victoria train station and the Gatwick Express, it made a viable alternative to staying at an airport hotel in the middle of nowhere. Here, I was spoiled for choice by a street full of restaurants behind the hotel and a pleasant walk afterwards. The rooms were large, well-appointed, and all the furnishings were modern and in good condition. It will certainly become a regular London hotel for me.	
May 3 2007 	Great Hotel making it my regular when in London....	Great hotel and in a great location. We got a wonderful rate through Travelzoo.com. Our room was great, we had a view of the London Eye and Big Ben. Room was standard &quot;American&quot; size which was big for London. Three of us stayed in one room and we had plenty of room. The shower was the best! It was powerful and hot. The breakfast was superb. Everything you could ever want. The location was right next to the Victoria Station and was so convenient. The Concierge was great. We booked all our tours through him. Really a first rate hotel. With the travelzoo deal we got the room, breakfast, two drinks, and a coupon for 25% off dinner in the hotel. I have nothing bad to say about our experience.	
May 1 2007 	great hotel great service great location	I made a booking at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel for my girlfriends birthday after reading the good reviews on tripadvisor. I called the hotel directly and was offered a very good rate. The staff went out of their way to ensure that me and my girlfriend had a nice weekend. I called a week prior to our booking and spoke to the Guest Relations Manager Luke, as soon as he heard that it was going to be my girlfriends birthday during our stay he promised that he would have a surprise waiting for her in the room. When we checked in we went to the room and found a bowl of chocolates and a bottle of wine waiting for us. There was also a personal letter from Luke wishing us a nice stay.  We are looking forward to our next visit already and cant wait to come back to this hotel.	
Apr 24 2007 	Always welcoming!	I have stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel three times in the last three months! Needless to say I think this is an excellent hotel in central London which is easily accessible to main attractions. You can walk toBuckingham Palace and the west end shows Billy Elliot and Wicked (which I have seen and is fantastic!). Our weekends are made even more enjoyable by the friendliness of the staff. Nothiing is too much trouble! Our rooms have always been clean and to a high standard and the food at both breakfast and evening meals are gorgeous. Numerous times reception staff have recommended other bars and restaurants to go to in London and each recommendaion has been first class.The guest reservations manager at this hotel must live there because he is always available to speak to if you need him. He is welcoming, friendly and very good looking! I would highly recomment this central London hotel. It's interior is very modern and you are guaranteed an fantastic stay.	
Apr 19 2007 	London does have decent hotels	After a number of disappointing efforts at booking hotels in London for friends and family I thought the reviews here made this hotel look good.They were right.It's what isn't common in London - a modern, clean, working hotel in a convenient location (around the corner from the Victoria rail, Tube, and coach stations). Victoria itself is a bland commercial area but in the neighbourhood is the Catholic cathedral (visible from our room) which is OK on the outside but very good on the inside. Westminster is easy walk along the road (or catch a bus or Tube) with the Palace of Westminster, Big Ben (or it's tower!), and Westminster Abbey. Buckingham Palace is also near Victoria but really, it's just a dull boxy building.We didn't try the breakfast but the accommodation was perfectly fine. Seemingly new, the service was fine (what we needed of it - which was checking in and out), the bathroom was good (unusual in London).Not groundbreaking but certainly good by London mid-priced (read European high-priced) standards.	
Apr 16 2007 	Nice hotel with great breakfast	We spend three nights at Park plaza. The room and the bathroom was nice and big to british standard. The service was good.I had send the hotel an e mail in advance, because of some comments here at tripadvisor that they had messed up the booking. I got a nice answer and everything was in order when we arrived quite late. The breakfast was excellent with fresh fruit and the restaurant was trendy and nice. We used room service once and the duck tasted very good. Nearby in direction Pimlico was a very nice italian restaurant with the best olives my son have ever tasted. In the reception it is a woman named Madelen who speeks sweedish for scandinavian guests.Thomas from Norway	
Apr 15 2007 	Great place to stay	We transferred to this hotel from Heathrow. We left our car at an offsite car park and travelled in on the Heathrow express, which was quick and easy.We bought oystercards for ourselves at Victoria station. The adult ones (for 7 days travel) were about £24. Our younger children travelled free with us, and our oldest (12), had to get a daily travelcard costing £1. These oystercards were fantastic. We travelled everywhere on the underground all week. They also covered travel on the Dockland Light Railway system. You just had to remember to tap them on the special oystercard spots on arrival at the station and before exiting the station.On arrival at Victoria station it is a little overwhelming to a newcomer to London. It is a very busy station, with people everywhere. The easiest way to find the hotel is to exit the station through the Marks and Spencer outlet. Or through the exit right next door to the M &amp; S foodstore. Turn right and walk down the road. Walk on passing a theatre advertising 'Wicked' on the opposite side of the road. Cross over the road using the crossing, and the hotel entrance is right in front of you through the revolving door. The hotel is only about 2 minutes from Victoria station. It is in a wonderful position as there are about 4 lines that pass through this station, meaning that you do not need to change lines so often.On our first night we left Victoria station by a different route and had difficulty in finding our way into the hotel..The hotel entrance is situated in a sort of tunnel joining two road together. (You'll see what I mean when you get there!).We booked this hotel after reading some of the reviews on Tripadviser. It was quite expensive, but I think that you have to remember that this is London, with London prices!We are a family of 5 and wanted to stay in a family room. Very few hotels seem to cater for families of 5 and we had to book 2 rooms.After speaking to the hotel directly, they confirmed that it would be possible for us to have 3 people in 1 room. The third person would sleep on a rollaway bed. (There is nothing on their website to tell you that a third person can share a room). However, to allow for a rollaway bed in the room we were told that we would have to upgrade to an Executive room. Obviously Executive rooms are more expensive than the standard 'superior rooms'. So we booked 2 Executive Rooms, one to sleep 2 and the other to sleep 3.On arrival at the Park Plaza we were checked in swiftly and given the keys to our rooms on the fourth floor. On reaching our rooms we noticed that the rollaway bed was nowhere to be seen, and we did not appear to have been allocated Executive Rooms. I had brought the information on the hotel with me, that I had downloaded from the internet, and it stated that Executive rooms should have complimentary bottled water, fruit platter, chocolates and upgraded bathroom amenities. None of these items were in our rooms.I went down to the lobby, and the lady apologised about the bed and arranged for one to be delivered to our room. She told us that we 'had' been allocated an Executive room and that the hotel rooms were exactly the same and it was only the 'Executive package', ie the bathrobes, slippers, fruit, water etc that made the room executive! If that was the case then surely we could have had a third bed in a superior room and saved ourselves some money!We were expecting a separate shower cubicle in our Executive room but instead got a shower over the bath. Anyway the rooms were both very clean. The bathroom was OK for size. There was a large bath, with a shower over. Bath robes and slippers were provided, as were the usual toiletries. No separate conditioner was apparent, just shampoo.The bed was huge, 2 large singles pushed together. TV channels fine, quite a good selection of free channels and some pay per view movie channels that we didn't use. A large desk and 2 chairs were in the room, and there was an opening window, that overlooked the street below.There was some noise in my husbands room from the building site outside, but this didn't bother him at all. The air conditioning worked well.There was a hairdryer in the cupboard outside the bathroom door. An iron and board was tucked away in the wardrobe.Plenty of room for clothes and cases, even with the 3 of us!The rollaway bed was a little bit old and saggy, but fine for my 9 year old.Linen was changed every other day, I think. Hard to tell! Towels changed if you left them on the bathroom floor. As for the 'Executive Package', I can't really recommend it. The 'fruit platter' turned out to be 2 apples and an orange! The orange was hairy, and inedible!There was no separate shower cubicle as we were expecting.The refreshments available throughout the day in the Executive Lounge left a lot to be desired. What was there was excellent but there was little variety and no sweet things at all. The children soon discovered the cans of fizzy drink in the fridge, and enjoyed taking these back to their rooms!Also we found that if we had been out for the day and returned to the hotel a bit later the Executive lounge was shut. It closed at 8pm. It would have been nicer if it closed slightly later.There were no free chocolates included in our package.We were given a bottle of still, and a bottle of sparkling water. But if you wanted more you had to ring housekeeping! I would have thought that this should have been restocked daily along with the fruit.We should have had the option of different pillow fillings, but nothing was mentioned to us.As it was we put up with the uncomfortable standard issue ones.We would have liked a 'welcome package' in our room with some literature about the facilities on offer in the hotel. There was a card on the desk, but this lacked information. Also a map and other 'touristy things' would have been useful.On our first morning we tried breakfast in the Executive lounge. (If you book the Executive rooms, you get a complimentary breakfast which you can have in the lounge, or in JBs restaurant).To get into the lounge you are issued with a pass. The lounge was quite small, and as a party of 5 we were lucky to get a seat.We were served tea and coffee, and we helped ourselves to everything else. There was a good selection of food available, cereals, pastries, hams, cooked foods etc. Very nice.We only ate in the Executive lounge once. We ate mainly in the large restaurant downstairs. There were always tables available downstairs, and I think that there was slightly more choice downstairs. The waiters were attentive and friendly. Only negative comment was that one waitress put us on a table for four on two occasions, even when there were larger tables available! Don't know why.We did get a knock on the door at 8.30 in the morning from housekeeping. The next evening we made sure that we hung the 'do not disturb' sign on the door!We ate twice in the JBs restaurant. There was no need to book, it never seemed to get very busy. The food was fantastic. Superbly cooked, and not overpriced.Even our children enjoyed the meal. They had a lovely menu to choose from. If we had had the opportunity, ( and the bank balance!), we would have gone back. We highly recommend it.In conclusion I would recommend the hotel. It's position makes it easy to travel around London.It was clean, the breakfast was plentiful, and the rooms were good. However, I wouldn't bother with the Executive package. It wasn't worth the extra!	
Apr 10 2007 	Great location	I have just returned from a weekend in London and had a brilliant time. We stayed in the Park Plaza becuase it was convenient for the Victoria Apollo theatre. It was the perfect location, literally 2 minutes from the theatre and very handy to get to from Paddington.When we arrived we were checked in promptly and offerred an upgrade from a non-smoking superior room to a smoking suite. I was reluctant at first to check in to a smoking room but there wasn't a hint of old smoke in the room and it was very clean.The breakfast was great and we were seated quickly. There was a nice choice of food and the chef did a good job making sure that nothing ran out.The only slightly disapponiting thing about our room was the amount of traffic noise from the road, so I would definitely take some ear plugs next time.I would definitely stay here again: clean, friendly, great location and brilliant value based on the discounted rate I received.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Hotel!	I really loved the Victoria Park Plaza. Its so close to Victoria station its perfect for getting around London. We got a great deal from Last Minute so the hotel was cheaper than the budget hotels like the travel inn.The check-in staff were nice and friendly. We checked in early from our last hotel and left our bags with the front desk as our room was not ready yet. The room was large by London standards. When we first walked in all we could here was traffic noise which worried me a little but turns out the window opens slightly so that was the cause. Once it was closed we couldnt hear anything. We were on the 4th floor and had a lovelly view of construction! Oh well I am sure it will look nice when its finished!I loved most things about the room. We had loads of toiletries The bathroom was nice and large. There was a fantastic selection for hot drinks options.There were also many tv channels to choose from. I know people do not go on holiday to watch tv but having Sky Sports 1, 2 and 3 meant we could watch the football highlights.The only issue I had with the hotel was on the first night at 1.15 the firealarms started going off. It took 45 minutes to get back to our room and most of that was because they were waiting for the firebrigade. Its not the hotels fault at all and they were very apologetic it was just very frustrating standing out in the cold for that long. I was just grateful it wasnt raining like it had been all day.I do think this hotel has so much to offer. Its location is perfect, the staff are friendly, the rooms are large and comfortable enough for a few night stay. I will stay here again when staying in central London.	
Mar 28 2007 	Great location	Overall, this hotel was a great place to use as a home base for exploring London. The location is terrific - within sight of and less than a 5 minute walk from Victoria Station, which made travel very convenient. Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace were also easy walks. The rooms were nice - not quite what I would consider 4 stars in the US, but clean and modern. My travel partner and I got non-smoking king rooms at good weekend rates (including full breakfast) on the Executive floor via the hotel's website about 2 weeks before our stay. We did experience some of the same staff confusion that other reviewers noted, including not having our Radisson points or airline frequent flyer numbers in their system, so we'll most likely have to claim those after the fact. The front desk people also had to keep running back into the office to ask the manager how to do things. These were just minor annoyances, though, and everyone was very friendly.Based on the location and overall experience, I'd definitely recommend this hotel to people looking for a great central spot from which to explore the city.	
Mar 25 2007 	Fantastic stay!	We went to stay at the hotel for a treat for our birthdays, we booked through Last Minute and got a really good price. The hotel is just round the corner from Victoria but there was no traffic noise in the room at all, and despite overlooking a busy building site we couldnt hear a thing in the room.My sincerest thanks to the hotel for the upgrade to one of the junior suites, it really made our trip special, this was a wonderful room, wonderful superking bed, gorgeous bathroom with a bath and shower over, plus a big walk in shower too. The room and the hotel throughout has a modern but plush feel to it and I cant fault the cleanliness and service at all. Good selection of complimentary toiletries too- a whole rack full!We didnt eat at the hotel as we had a table booked elsewhere for dinner and our room rate didnt include brekkie. There is also a Wetherspoons almost next door which does a nice enough (and very cheap) breakfast menu! eg I think a fry up was about £1.50 but cant remember.I really cant fault the hotel or the service received and would def stay again if in London. I have stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels and feel for the money we paid this really was fantastic!	
Mar 20 2007	OK+	Liked : - Very convenient location for travellers, close to Victoria station.- Rooms and bathrooms are moden and of good size. - Gym- Staff friendly and helpfull throughout. Did not :- I really feel that hotels of this class and pricing should quit trying to make a few pounds off the internet and other telecommunications charges, that today cost practically nothing. Charging 20 euros a day for internet access, 2 euros for local area phone calls and 8 euros for faxing a page does smell a bit like extortion to me.- Cleaning ladies knocking at my door ( however gently ) at 8 o'clock on a Saturday morning, and then again 45 mins later was a somewhat unpleasant experience.	
Mar 19 2007	Cannot Believe this is a Four Star Hotel	I originally booked my room for one week at the Victoria Park Plaza. After being in this hotel for less than one hour, I immediately cancelled my reservation and booked a room at the nearby Rubens Hotel.One thing which struck me was the mix up with my reservation which I made for two adults and requested two twin beds. It would be understanable that the glitch was caused in booking my room through a third party. However all of my arrangements were made directly with the Hotel's customer service. The Hotel did accomodate me with a roll away bed, however the fact that the reservation was confirmed two days prior to my arrival is inexcusable. The condition of the room was also shoddy and unclean. The carpeting was in poor condition and was quite dirty and the bathroom's lighting did not properly work. The furniture was also in below average condition and the bedding was low quality. No extra blankets were provided. Not something you would expect for a four star hotel. The Hotel also did not provide any hairdryer or alarm clock as advertised. The Hotel's staff was also cold and unfriendly.For one, at 169 GBP per night during the week, the hotel is greatly overpriced. You are pretty much being billed for the location which the Hotel is less than one block of the Victoria Train Station and Tube. However, if you are willing to walk a block or two from the train station, there are better hotels in the area which are little less expensive and offer better accomodations. I would not return to this hotel, nor would I recommend it.	
Mar 19 2007	Great stay!	I recently spemt the weekend at the Victoria park plaza. it was truly amazing. Beautiful modern interior, excellent bar with superb seating. They offered a wide range of drinks &amp; food. The breakfast was fantastic with a wide range of food from fruit to full english to croissants. The service and politeness from the bar staff and waiters was outstanding!  Great accomodation with a beautiful room. Highly recomended to anyone! This place should be a 5 star!	
Mar 14 2007	Starting to stumble?	This review covers a stay that just started - I just checked in a few minutes ago - this is March 14 2007.I've stayed in this hotel at least 5-6 times in the past year. Overall, it's good value for money, good rooms and well located.But I write this review for two reasons:1. Like many hotel that partner with British Airways, there is no credit appearing on my BA account from my most recent stay of Feb 13th. To test this when I checked in today, I asked the clerk if they had my BA number (I made sure to put it in the special requests section of the reservation website). She said 'no'. So, I gave her the number for this stay and it means I will manually have to claim the BA miles from my stay of Feb 13th. Poor service - do they even read that section of the reservations form?2. I booked a king non-smoking. When I arrived at 7pm tonight, only queen smoking or twin non-smoking rooms were available. No apologies offered - just 'which other type of room do you prefer?' I prefer what I booked - a king non-smoking. I'm smart enough to know that's not always available but do appreciate the apology and even an extra tidbit thrown my way when that happens - free in-room movie, or free breakfast. Something...So, anyway, I like this hotel and will give it another try, but I think the service has slipped somewhat since I started staying here.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great Location Great Value	Great location withing a short walk of Victoria Station providing access to and from the airports and major attractions. The hotel itself is very well taken care of and has a modern decor. Large, well appointed room for a European hotel at a modest rate. Highly recommended if you are in London to see a show at a west end theatre. We went to see Wicked and it was no more than a 5 minute walk away. There are many cafes and places to eat nearby as well as a grocery store.	
Feb 18 2007 	Very happy at the Victoria Park Plaza	My girlfriend &amp; I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for a 30th birthday trip. It was recomended to us by a friend who had stayed there before &amp; who was suitably impessed. We got off the airport bus &amp; easily walked the 5 minutes to the hotel. We found it quickly &amp; were very happy with the modern &amp; stylish foyer. We were swiftly checked in and directed to our room. The room was very smart &amp; clean with loads of space and nice touches (great power shower!!). Our evening was spent relaxing in the lounge which was lively but very well served. We had a good bar meal which we found well worth the money. Breafast was in the executive lounge and we had a top class meal in a very relaxed atmosphere.We were both very happy staying at this classy hotel &amp; will definately be returning the next time we are in the capital.	
Feb 11 2007 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed here for 1 night for a work conference and it was excellent. The hotel is modern, light and airy - my room was clean, with a comfy bed, great bathroom with good shower. The food was of excellent quality, particularly the breakfast where there was lots of choice. The staff were friendly and very helpful (on a particularly busy day!) - my only complaint would be that the bar prices are a bit on the high side, but other than that the hotel is marvellous!	
Feb 6 2007 	Modern hotel with good location	The Victoria Park Plaza is a modern hotel in a great location. Just down the street from Victoria Station so convenient for side trips and also a short walk to Buckingham Palace. If you go in September you can have the change to get to tour the inside of the Palace as it is one of the few times it is open to the public because the Queen is away during that time. The rooms at VPP are a very good size compared to alot of hotels in London with large clean bathrooms. Our room was not ready when we arrived in the morning but they held our luggage and we returned a few hours later. Our room was on the 3rd floor looking down on a loading area and was very noisy until the wee hours of the morning so after 2 nights we did tell the front desk and they moved us to the same location but up 3 floors which was much better. Breakfast was okay - not outstanding but the one thing we did notice was that the waitresses did not smile and in fact really didn't make eye contact - very impersonal. All in all a good hotel that I would probably return to although I might entertain trying another location in London if we return just for the variety.	
Feb 1 2007	Christmas at Victoria Park Plaza	My family and I stayed at Victoria Park Plaza over Christmas week 2006. Some of my family had never been to Europe before, and I had never been as an independent traveller - not with a tour group, so we were nervous at first. But the trip turned out absolutely wonderful. We took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and just walked across the street to the hotel. We awoke Christmas morning to find mince pies outside our door. What a treat. Christmas Day lunch in their restaurant was good and so much fun especially since we were away from home for Christmas. The rooms were extrememly comfortable, and the bathroom was 1st quality. The staff were very professional. The location could not be better. Across from Victoria Station, we easily travelled all over London. When we saw &quot;Wicked&quot; on the Friday night before we left, we only had to walk a block to the theater. I hope that I will be able to stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 25 2007 	Nice hotel in perfect location	Travelled a group of four to this hotel in January 07 and stayed for two nights. We booked a room through travelzoo and got a very good deal at 81£ for a executive room (ordinary 159£). This included a lot of amenities, lounge access with full english breakfast and free beer and wine in the afternoon. The only problem with the lounge was the limited seating, so be early.Location: Very close to Victoria Station. Not easy to find the entranceHotel: Modern and clean with a large bar on the ground floor and a gym. Nice, well sized rooms with minibar and a pillow menu. Nice and clean bathroom with a shower and a tub. Service: The receptionists were excellent, the waiters in the bar was terrible.	
Jan 16 2007 	Lovely Hotel Bar a nightmare	We got a deal on Travelzoo at £69 inc upg to exec lounge, free breakfast and discount on drinks and food. Was a FAB deal as hotel modern and well appointed, spa was fab and massages spot on. Great location close to victoria and Buck palace. Only down side was the service in the bar was painful slow, and sometimes lost in translation, we waited 15 mins to be served and 10 mins for the drinks to get to us, averaging £5 per drink, even for London that seemed expensive for Beer and and G+T's.Overall a great deal at the right money but wouldnt have liked to pay full for it	
Jan 15 2007 	Great hotel great staff great location.	Got a good deal on this hotel including money off in the hotel restaurant. The hotel itself was great, really modern and chic; all the public areas were spotless. Rooms were huge - bigger than some more expensive and exclusive hotels in London as was the bathroom - which had no less than 3 showers! The bed was ok without being great but we did get free chocolates and a fruit platter in the room upon arrival. The bar and restaurant area is lovely, food in the restaurant was really good but the atmosphere was a bit lacking - though did eat quite early due to going to the theatre. Breakfast was disappointing, English buffet was cold and uninspiring. The location couldn't be much better, 50metres from victoria station and tube; theatres for Billy Elliott and Wicked are on the same road. No bad traffic noise from the dual carriageway near the hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jan 5 2007 	beware they mess up bookings	This hotel is in a good location which was exactly why we chose and booked it. On arrival we were told that they didn't have a room for us even though we had already paid for our accommodation. They moved us to their sister hotel - Riverbank Park Plaza, which was a very nice hotel but miles from where we wanted to be. If you chose the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel I would suggest you phone them before arrival to confirm your booking is with them and that you're not being moved to the other side of London.	
Jan 5 2007 	Excellent hotel at a reasonable price	You can book this hotel for about 80 pounds a night on the internet. Word is getting around and the hotel is full most nights. The room size for London is really excellent and the rooms themselves are nicely furnished and have lovely bathrooms.Public areas are furnished in a modern style - very nice, apart from the loud TV in the lobby bar which nobody is interested in watching. Location is perfect. Steps away from Victoria Station.Very hard to beat at this price.	
Dec 30 2006 	it was great!	Clean, nice accommodations - great location, close to victoria tube and train station. got a great deal over Christmas. would stay there again.	
Dec 27 2006 	Good location	The best thing about this hotel is its location. Its steps away from Victoria Station, and a 3 minute walk to Buckingham Palace. If you're in London on vacation this location is really good. The room was good, it was a nice size, clean and had a comfortable bed. The service was the thing that brought the experience down. First, we had brought a bottle of wine in with us to have while we were getting ready to go to dinner the first night we stayed there but we didn't have a cork screw to open it with. We called down and asked if we could have it opened, and they said it would cost 3 pounds. We didn't really have a choice, because we couldn't get into it any other way, so we said okay and then waited 20 minutes for someone to come up. We called down stairs again, and about 10 minutes after that someone finally came up and knocked on the door and handed my husband a little white box. Basically we just bought ourselves a waiter style cork screw which we have 5 or more of at home already. Would it really have been that difficult to just open it for us with one of the bar's cork screws? Then after showers we noticed there was an ironing board but no iron, and then had to wait another 15 minutes for that to be delivered, thankfully we didn't have to buy that too. We stayed here 3 nights, and breakfast was included in our rate. Breakfast is served until 10am, but whatever you do, do not show up after 9:30 or you will only recieve rude looks from the staff. We sat at a table at 9:35am, and someone came over and told us to go ahead to the buffet because it was about to close. I said okay, but we were just waiting at the table to order some tea and coffee, which was then brought over without cream or sugar. A family of 5 came in a minute after us and the kids could barely get any food because everything was being put away, it was really ridiculous. This hotel has lots of potential if they can raise the standards for the staff.	
Dec 12 2006	OK as short stay business hotel	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for one night early in December 2006 as my regular 4* hotel in London was fully booked. This was my first stay there. These are my impressions:The hotel entrance/exit doors are not marked clearly, the doors are actually down a corridor connecting the 2 streets which this hotel is built between. So I ended up entering the hotel thru the dining room! There was also a hotel delivery vehicle blocking nearly all of the pavement causing further confusion. Check-in was reasonably quick, the female receptionist I dealt with was polite but obviously a little inexperienced. I asked for a quiet room but was told my room was pre-booked and was overlooking Vauxhall Bridge Road (a busy dual-carriageway), albeit on the 5th floor. I also asked for my Gold Points to be credited for this stay, she referred this query to a manager who then stated rather brusquely that as this booking was being paid for by my Company I was not entitled to points credit. Yet previous stays at other Park Plazas had been no problem, either way hardly an attitude consistent with good customer relations. I was offered help with my bag (just one) but didn’t need porterage just for that.On trying to enter my room (via key card) I thought I had been assigned the wrong room number – the TV was already on (loudly) and all the room lights were also on. Maybe this is standard practise there and they control it remotely on booking-in, I’ve never met it before though. The room and bathroom were a reasonable size and clean. Some traffic noise was noticeable even thru the double glazing. No noise was noticed from adjacent rooms. The TV had a fair number of channels, the pay-movies looked rather expensive though. The sink/taps in the bathroom were tarnished in places even though this hotel is just a few years old. The shower glass was inadequate, far too narrow, meaning that the bathroom floor gets wet when showering in the bath – note, no separate shower cubicle. The room service menu seemed rather limited, prices were about par for this status of hotel and area but the choice was not as wide as I am used to elsewhere – I didn’t bother, but dined out. Breakfast menus – again standard fare and prices, £13 for CB and £17 for EB. Much cheaper food is available just a short walk from the hotel. I didn’t touch the mini bar, prices appeared to be the usual exorbitant mark up. The usual room items were supplied: kettle, selection of powdered drinks, hair dryer etc, all were adequate. The best part of the room though was the A/C, it responded almost instantly to my temperature changes and the fan speeds available enabled me to circulate air even down to floor level – by far the best hotel A/C I’ve ever experienced in fact. Check out next morning was also quite quick, 4 personnel staffing the counter, I queued for about 3 minutes before being served. The person dealing with me seemed unaware that I was required to sign the invoice (even though it was being charged straight back to the Company) until I pointed this out. No offer was made to call me a taxi. In summary: this hotel is perfectly acceptable for a short stay on business. It’s unremarkable, the service could be better in parts, and there are other hotels providing more for the same money – but it’s OK. It’s just that there is nothing special which would make me want to return here in the future rather than other similar hotels in the same area.	
Dec 7 2006 	First trip to London	I just wanted to say that this hotel was really nice. we booked last minute and for regular rate were upgraded to an apartment on executive level. All the hotel staff was more than helpfull and allways friendly and offering to help. It is very close to the Victoria Train Station so you can just walk and take the Tude (London Underground train system) to where ever you want for very inexpensive. The restraunt was great and daily english breakfast was definatly a must!	
Dec 6 2006	First Class Welcome - First Class Hotel	I've been making the Victoria Park Plaza my home from home for the last few months. When you're travelling there is nothing better than being greeted by staff who know your name, your favourite room and your entertainment preferences. There is always a first class welcome from Luke and his team and not just for regular guests. There is a relaxing atmosphere and an excellent bar and restaurant. Eat at JB's and watch and listen to the chefs at work, while enjoying an excellent range of wine and an ever changing menu. I enjoyed steak tartare for the first time in many years, which was made extra special by talking to the chef afterwards and getting a feel for his passion for food and service. When you're in London, you'll be hard pushed to find anywhere as welcoming or with the outstanding levels of customer care and service.'Inspiring our Guests through Individuality and passion' - is their motto and this hotel serves it up with gusto.	
Dec 3 2006 	A great hotel!	This is the first time I've used the Victoria Park Plaza and on the strength of our one night stay I've just booked it for our next two visits to London. Got an upgrade so was given an executive studio and I've just booked executive rooms for next time so can't comment on the standard rooms. The room was excellent with a huge and luxury bathroom with a host of thoughtful touches like mouthwash, toothbrush and toothpaste and a massive walk in shower plus separate bath. The room was very well furnished but as we were facing a building site it was a little noisy from 7.15am but not a significant problem. The receptionist on arrival was charming and he couldn't do enough to make us feel welcome. Continental breakfast was fine and plentiful. The drinks in the bar are a little pricey but typical of London hotels. The overall ambiance is chic and trendy but nicely so. Modern decorations and lighting were atmospheric and wheras Christmas decorations can sometimes be tacky, these were far from that. Location of the hotel is great, a minute from Victoria Station so very convenient for the Gatwick Express to the airport. A super turkish restaurant is a minute walk away, give 'Kazan' a try. Not cheap but great food and pleasant wine for less that £15 a bottle. We went Saturday lunchtime but I called in the night before (a Friday) and there was a tremendous buzz about Kazan. All in all, I was very pleased indeed with this hotel and whereas before I used to use the Millennium Gloucester, for sheer convenience and style at a good price, this now gets my vote.	
Dec 1 2006 	Great Hotel Great Location	I have stayed in Thistle Hotels and the Clifton Ford Hotel in London and let me tell you those hotels dont even come close in terms of service and accomodations to the Victoria Park Plaza. i stayed there last november 20th till the 27th 2006.The rooms of this hotel are bigger, more modern, more comfortable beds, the buffet breakfast fills you up, the staff is friendly and helpful. they said this hotel was renovated recently and it shows! the fitness gym is modern,(never got to use it though) and wired internet access is resonably priced, compared to internet cafes around and its fast too! in fact it was the staff that told me not to go wireless because of the price difference. Most attractions are close by too. dont even bother taking an expensive london cab to get around. Victoria station is less than 2 minutes walk (1 minute if you copy the locals crossing when the sign says dont walk) take the bus. #507 or #148 takes you to the london eye and big ben! or if you want, just walk it. it is a 20 minute walk from the hotel to westminster abbey, big ben, and another 10 minutes more walks you to the london eye and aquarium. there are lots of places to eat around that are less expensive by london standards. we went to paris for a couple of days and it was 1 bus ride (#507 again) to the waterloo station for the Eurostar. (took us 10minutes) at rush hour too! this hotel is centrally located, the concierge has a lot of good travelling and walking around tips, i had no problems, and would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 30 2006	Brill hotel	Great hotel - after being re-located here from the Strand Palace - who had doublebooked our party of 49 giving us three days notice - we were a bit worried!! Needn't have been - lovely spacious and clean rooms - polite and helpful staff - let us leave our luggage while we went sightseeing./ Great breakfast with excellent service. Easy to access London sights - £4.90 tube ticket or £10-£15 for taxi. Booked with theatrebreaks (Pat) who can thoroughly recommend as she re-located at very short notice and got us excellent seats for DIRTY DANCING. Great weekend - hard to please 49 women but not one moan!!	
Nov 19 2006 	Good value well recommended hotel	Have just come back from a one (Saturday) night stay at the Park Plaza and - it being our second trip - am reminded that this really is a very solid hotel and I'd definitely recommend it. OK, so the design isn't particularly unique or designer-led and the rooms aren't particularly large, but that's really the extent of my criticisms, and they've definitely put a lot of thought into the layout. For example, the bedside light switch nearest you turns on the light on the other side of the bed so you're not blinded from a light directly above you. The mirror in the bathroom is heated; there's tea and coffee making facilities (and an iron / ironing-board) in each room; the minibar has space for you to put your own items in; each room has UK, EU and US plug sockets on the wall; there's an ethernet and modem connection; there's a desk-tidy in the drawer so your pens won't move around.Yes - they're all little things but they show that someone's gone around and thought: &quot;What would make our guest's stay more pleasant?&quot; and then made it happen. (And there are plenty of 5* hotels I could name where you don't get some of the amenities there are here). It's a Good Thing they've done here and when you discover each little touch, you're pleased because someone's thought about what you, the customer, wants.The location of the hotel is excellent - literally 2 minutes walk from Victoria station (you could be from the hotel front-door to Gatwick airport in 35 minutes) - and that also means plenty of taxis at Victoria or the tube if you need it. Oxford street in two stops anyone?I suppose if I were being picky, I'd say that the art-work in the foyer which isn't particularly inspirational, the concierge appeared to be more interested in selling tickets than providing a wide range of services, and the Executive lounge was a bit disappointing. But when you're getting this type of room for £80 from Priceline, you really can't complain.All in all - well done Park Plaza. We'll be back, and I hope others will too.	
Nov 14 2006	Fine for a business stay	Spacious rooms (for London), fantastic location, decent breakfast, reliable wireless, and more quiet than I would have thought...I had specifically requested that the hotel not cancel my room (I booked a room for the previous night of my arrival since I took a red-eye) since I would be checking in around 8am. Of course they had cancelled it and told me there were completely full and I could shower in the locker room downstairs... after talking to the manager they magically found a room for me and allowed me to check-in. The rest of my stay was rather pleasant. Would recommend this hotel for a quick trip to London or for business.	
Nov 10 2006 	a convenient hotel for a weekend in London	My husband and I stayed here for a weekend in early November, and it's a fine 4-star hotel. If you're expecting a 5-star hotel, you will probably be disappointed, but if you expect a convenient, relatively modern 4-star hotel, you'll be happy you stayed here. We didn't have breakfast or drinks at the bar, so can't comment on those. And we basically had no big problems, so no reason to chat with the reception desk much, which is exactly what we needed. The good- Convenient location, particularly for those arriving from Gatwick Airport. The hotel is literally 2 minutes away from Victoria Station. - Quick, painless check-in and checkout. - Clean, comfortable room. The bed was a double bed, not king sized, but it was comfortable. - The bathroom was almost as large as the room itself, with a separate bath and shower stall. Few times have I found such a brilliant shower in a hotel, with perfect water pressure, temperature, etc. - We had to request an extra blanket the first night (please see &quot;the bad&quot; below), and they brought it up to us very quickly. The bad- Room was smallish, but it was their standard room. - Few TV channels, and a rather lame Pay per View system. It only had 3 films available and they unfortunately didn't match the ones advertised in the catalogue in the room (a bit of a pain after we'd just decided what to watch). But then again, we weren't in London to watch TV. - We would have had to stay a few more nights to learn to regulate the room temperature. The heating worked, at times. The rest of the time, we had a choice between nothing and cold air blowing in our faces (thank goodness for the extra duvet). All in all, pretty good value for money and perfect for a relaxing weekend in London. One thing to note: we got a pretty good deal for the room online, which generally makes me feel more benevolent towards a hotel than when I pay full price.	
Nov 2 2006 	Most enjoyable stay!	I stayed for 16 days in this hotel and each day was better than the one before. When I first got in, there had been some kind of confusion with my reservation and I had just coughed up a lot more money that I'd estimated on a cab ride to the hotel, but shortly after interacting with the staff, things began to pick up: The Guest Relations Manager, Luke Jozef-Francois is quite the character – very funny, down to earth, and very easy to get along with. Most importantly, he has a genuine concern for the wellbeing of his guests and makes it a point to interact with as many of them as possible. Of course the entire staff, along with him, was quite responsive to my needs but I think he especially made my trip memorable. I mean, how many Guest Relations Managers, of any hotel, have you ever met, yet alone remember after a stay in a hotel? I’ve stayed in several hotels in New York and California and frankly, I’ve never met a single Guest Relations Manager until Luke but I’m sure each of those hotels had them.I initially had a regular room, no free breakfast or newspapers, and I was paying quite a bit for it too. I'd come to understand that London was generally expensive, and the hotel really wasn't bad so I wasn't going to complain. My wife was already in London when I got in and she came to spend some time with me. Once Luke got to know us, he and his staff took it upon themselves to make our stay there memorable: To start with, he gave me an upgrade to an executive suite with all the perks: breakfast and a paper of choice each day. What's more, he got me a better price on the room than I initially had for my more modest accommodations. The room itself was amazing! A complete apartment with all the amenities you could ever care for. Luke also recommended affordable restaurants in the area and convenience stores where we could find all our needs. He made recommendations for entertaining stuff to do while there and on his advice we went to see Wicked at the Apollo (just walking distance from the hotel) and my what a treat. The minuses have to do with the hotel itself, not the staff: There was little choice of TV channels (even in my executive apartment). There was no bottle opener in the entire apartment; I had to call guest services each time I wanted to open a bottle and most of the stuff I bought in London didn’t have twist caps. Regulating the room temperature was never intuitive. I’m not sure I got it even after 16 days there.All in all, I highly recommend this place. Get to know the staff, they are a wonderful lot and most helpful too.I had been in London purely on business, but my stay there was so relaxing that it felt very much like a holiday. I'm planning on going back to London later this year and you can bet I'm making my reservations with Victoria Park Plaza.	
Oct 30 2006 	Excellent location -- Good experience!	We had a great time in London, and couldn't have picked a nicer location than the Victoria Park Plaza. Quick walk to Victoria Station, or about 10 minutes' walk to Westminster Abbey, Parliament, etc.The bar prices seemed crazy, but we may have been unprepared for how expensive London was in general. About double US prices for nearly everything.I'll admit we used none of the hotel's amenities (bar, restaurant, etc.) but whenever we needed a question answered, the front desk staff was quite helpful. We received excellent service, there were no unexpected charges on the bill, and our room was clean and relatively large. Nice, contemporary bathroom!Suggestion: the room rates for phone calls are silly. There are convenient internet cafes close by . . . they'll save you a bundle. Also, the Indian restaurant across the street is terrific!!!!CB BuchananMidlothian, Virginia	
Oct 14 2006 	Great hotel great location!	What a great hotel in a great location! London is expensive, but we knew that going in. We picked this hotel based on reviews and the price we got at bookings.org. Just down the street from the Victoria Theater (where Wicked is playing), the hotel is an easy walk to both Buckingham Palace AND Westminster Abbey. My Fiancee and I both love to walk all over the cities we visit and we had a nice time discovering London on foot. But, for the times we didn't want to walk, the tube is also just down the street!The hotel staff was lovely and the room was very nice! We did not get the breakfast option at the hotel. There are plenty of places around the hotel to grab a bite to eat. Here is a helpful hint... If you walk out of the hotel and turn LEFT, right down the street on the right hand side is a super market. We stocked up on water and some wine for the room so we wouldn't have to pay for the overpriced mini-bar - just a helpful hint! By the way... usually, you will be going right to get to the Tube (victoria station), the theatre for Wicked or Billy Elliot, Westminster, etc. are all to the right) Have a nice stay!	
Oct 6 2006	Average to good business hotel	I recently spent 4 nights here on business. I rate the hotel as OK, but not outstanding. The room I had was a good size, and the hotel had honoured my request for a quiet room (on the 5th floor, overlooking the minor road at the back). The room design and decor was fresh, and the bathroom was very modern, but still practical. I didn't eat in the place, except for breakfast. I only had continental, but this was fine, and the service was good.My only real gripe was the number of minor problems I had. The toilet wasn't cleaned properly when I arrived, the shower screen was off one of its hinges and in danger of falling into the bath , the alarm function on the TV didn't work (this was throughout the hotel, not just my room), and the cleaning staff didn't always refresh all the supplies in the bathroom. Checkout on the final morning was also achingly slow.To be fair, all of these problems (except the TV alarm) were corrected promptly when I raised them. However, I don't really expect to have this number of hassles with one room over 4 nights. If they could sort out the maintenance issues, and speed up reception, this could be a really good place to stay, in my view. As it is, it's just above average of its type.	
Oct 1 2006	Nice place to stay	Big spacious room with good mattress on the bed. Clean and light.I appreciated the magnifying mirror in the bathroom.Good breakfast with great service. Front desk was helpful.Not a good view out the window, but otherwise no complaints!	
Sep 26 2006 	reasonable but what happened to the chocolate gateaux?	We stayed one night and the check in was more like a border crossing point and was interrupted by the staff member taking obviously more important phone calls. The concierge was very efficient in parking the car and bringing it back and we paid £30 for overnight parking and £5 for the porterage. The room was large and comfy, nicely decorated, it overlokked the building site but was not a problem with noise etc. I liked the heated mirrors in the bathroom. The shower is a little difficult to operate as you have to lean over and an incorrect selection ensures a wet shirt cuff. It is a great location for getting around as other reviewers have stated. We had a room service meal of one starter and main course with free half bottle of wine for £26 and the food was of the highest quality, It was delivered very warm and within 15 mins of ordering. However having retured from our show we had a nightcap and ordered a chocolate gateaux for my wife at 10.55pm. The staff apologised for the wait of 15 mins due to only one chef being on duty instead of two, and then came back 5 mins later to say that the fridges had been locked and that the chef could not get our gateaux. We laughed it off and got a 10% discount off our drinks. We got back to the room and decided to try room service for the gateaux only to be adfised that they had now &quot;sold out&quot;. For a large london hotel this is poor i know its only minor but its the little things like this that makes your stay more pleasureable or beomes a moot talking point.A comfy nights sleep but the bizarre reading light arrangement is frankly a nonsense the left hand side turns the right hand side light on, what on earth is all that about?We did not check out till 1030 but between 9 and 1030 the maids visited us twice to tidy the room again a simple check with reception should suffice. Checking out was another crossing the border moment but extra staff ensured we werent interrupted by phone calls.Its a nice modern hotel, its not cheap and so the check in should be more efficient and much quicker. the fridge should be left unlocked for late night chocolate binge eaters. I have stayed and will stay in london many time in the future I would only choose to stay here again on a special cheap offer basis.	
Sep 26 2006 	Very enjoyable stay.	My wife and I stayed here back in May and really enjoyed our stay. The staff was friendly and the rooms spacious. The location is great , tube station, restaurants (If you like spicey, try Nando's) and grocery store very close by. Would absolutely stay here again.	
Sep 25 2006 	Hotel staff rude and unhelpful... Will not stay here again	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 2 night stay in the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel. We had booked a superior room and upon arrival discovered that this in fact was the hotel name for a 'standard room'!!!The room was basic compared to other 4* hotels we have stayed in across Europe and we were very dissappointed. The hotel definately mislead customers into thinking they are getting more for their money by calling their standard rooms 'Superior Rooms'.Furthermore, the walls must have been made of paper as we could here EVERYTHING that was happening in the rooms either side and the room above so if you have children beware that you could here some night-time activity!! This was extremely unpleasant to say the least!The hotel also take a £50 deposit from your debit/credit card upon arrival which they do not mention on their website. We were assured by reception that the money would not be taken out the bank account as they were not authorised to do so... However the next day when I went to the bank I discovered that they had in fact taken the money out of my account. I have still to see the money credited back into my account and think that it is an absolute disgrace that they lied to me and took my money without my consent.The hotel did not ruin our stay in London and we did enjoy the fact that the hotel was in a central location with lots of bars and restaurants near by. However we would NOT stay in this hotel again and I am positive that there are better hotels in the same area for less money, better quality and better customer service.	
Aug 20 2006 	Front desk was rude and very poor service during Breakfast	We had booked this hotel early on our tour for Europe and Pre-paid in advance. My daughter and I had booked a tour with AAA visiting several contries from Germany, Austria, Italy, Switzerland, France and ending out tour in London for 2 days. We checked in and was told that we had to open up a credit line of 25.00 in order to make telephones calls. First, I declined because we had already purchased a pre-paid calling card and had no problems with it in the other countries. Well, we couldn't make a phone call. So, I went downstairs and gave them a credit card to open up a credit line of 25.00. I was never told that we had to do that and I saw one staff member give me a side glance.The next day for breakfast, we were given a seat with no greetings or explanations about the breakfast that was included with our room stay. No one came and cleared our table as we went thru the buffet line. No one smiled or anything. I usually give a tip and I let a few Pounds on the table. I saw a server pick it up and put it in his pocket. He never came to our table to provide any service except to pick up the tip.However, the conceirge's desk was extremely helpful in locating a place for my daughter and I to have dinner. He also helped us find a tour group in London.The room was decent sized. The bathroom was nice. It was good to be close to the Victoria Subway station.I will not be staying at this hotel again. I will not recommend it to my family or friends that travel to London. I will stay elsewhere.	
Aug 20 2006 	Fantastic Hotel	Only stayed here overnight but was given an upgrade to a studio on arrival as they were fully booked. Could not fault the stafff and the room contained everything you could possibly want. The room was spotless and very large for a London hotel, it even contained two TVs, one near the sofa and one near the bed. The only downside was the traffic noise which really only let up between 3 and 3.30 a.m. but then I guess thats what you have to expect when you stay in the middle of London! Hotel is just a short walk from Victoria Station down Wilton Road. Did not eat at the hotel as there are numerous restaurants nearby so can't comment on that for you. I noticed on another review a mention about the reading lights over the bed and yes we also found that the left switch turned off the right and vice versa, so if one of you intends to read and one to sleep, you have to get out of bed to switch the light off and then walk round again in the dark so mind your toes! Can see some of our American friends found the people sleeping on the streets a bit disturbing and I can understand this but you will always find people like this in and around this area. If you are really worried I suggest you eat in the hotel at night but I walked passed many doorways where people were set up for the night and was only bothered by one man asking for change. Suggest you just ignore them, don't let it worry you too much and have a good time!	
Aug 13 2006	Great location -- disappointed with service	We selected this hotel based on the rave reviews and the location near Victoria Station. The location was great, but we were disappointed with the hotel service right from the beginning. We arrived around noon after an 8-hour red-eye from the states. We had requested an early check-in and I had verified with the hotel, and they said they would do whatever they could. We had a very tired 8-year-old when we arrived and were told that our room wasn't ready, but our room would be next on the list to be cleaned. Because we had reserved the room with the complimentary breakfast, she said that we could eat in the restaurant or in the executive club. She said to check back with her in an hour.We went to the restaurant, but were not allowed to eat (unless we paid) because we didn't have a room yet, so we went to the executive club. We were not impressed...slim pickings and not very high quality food. We returned to the front desk in an hour, and our room was not yet ready, but said they would call housekeeping. We waited in the lobby for another hour. The manager approached us and I was very hopeful, but it was only to ask me to wake my sleeping son and have him remove his shoes. After another half-hour, my husband asked to speak with the manager about our room. We found it hard to believe that there wasn't a single room available in the entire hotel. We were given a room, but it didn't have the sofabed, but they would provide a cot at no extra charge. As tired as we were, that was suitable. I was disappointed when looking out our window to find a huge construction zone. But fortunately, we didn't hear the bulldozer like another reviewer.We were there at the beginning of their heat wave, and the A/C worked fine except the last night, when it started leaking -- not a drip, but a steady stream coming out of the ceiling. It woke my husband and I up at 4 a.m. I called down to the front desk and they didn't have anyone on staff to fix it. She said the same thing happened the night before in the room beside us. She offered to move us to a different room but we didn't want to wake our son, so I asked for a discount. She said I would have to talk with the day manager at check-out. When we checked out, we were told by the front desk staff that they wouldn't be able to give us a discount because of the heat wave and they couldn't control the weather. I said that was unacceptable and asked to speak with the manager. She said that this had never happened before and that she couldn't give us a discount. I told her that apparently it had happened to the room next to us the night before. She then conceded and gave us 50% off the room rate for the last night, which I greatly appreciated. Also, we were charged for several items from the mini-fridge that we did not use. They removed them.But we do have good highlights as well: The location is great -- within walking distance to many sights, and to Victoria Station (The Tube and Gatwick Express). The concierge provided us great tour information (bus), and obtained great seats for Mary Poppins (although we had to hunt him down to find the tickets), and the manager of the restaurant did allow us to eat breakfast when we arrived a half-hour after it closed. Additionally, another staff member allowed me to enter the executive club to use the Internet after hours to inquire about our delayed luggage.Compared to the rest of the reviews, we are the exception...but I would definitely choose another hotel when I return.	
Aug 11 2006 	Extra charges prevent this hotel from being perfect	We stayed at this hotel at the end of a 3-week trip through England, Wales, Ireland, Germany, Austria, and France.We got an extremely good deal by booking well in advance through Expedia. I've stayed at lesser hotels in London for far more money. The hotel is nice and modern, and very North American in terms of quality, service, cleanliness and room size. The other 2 hotels of this type that we stayed in on this trip - the Brooks Hotel in Dublin and the Millenium SI-Centrum in Stuttgart - are certainly inferior. Our room was large, with abundant lighting and stylish decor. The bathroom was clean, and the shower was powerful, with both a standard head, and a handheld head. The only odd thing about the shower was the short glass door which let some water onto the floor. The bed was a very comfortable full king, with white sheets and a nice duvet. A North American outlet was nice to have and useful. The location of the hotel was perfect: steps away from Victoria station, but on a quiet street. For us, it could only have been better if the Heathrow Express train went from Victoria instead of Paddington. But Gatwick Express does go from Victoria, so if you are flying into there, I'm sure that would be ideal. Lots of cafes, food stores, restaurants and bars are nearby. Bring drinks back to your room, and use the ice machines located on every floor. Try to buy from markets or newsagents, as the food places in Victoria station tend to charge alot more. If you like to walk, Westminster Abbey and Parliament are close by, as is Buckingham Palace. It is certainly no stretch to walk to Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square or Covent Garden, and if you get too tired on the way there, just take the tube back, although bear in mind that the last trains often run around midnight. From Victoria, it is very easy to get the tube to anywhere you might want to see, often with no more than one change. And if you prefer to go by taxi, the central location keeps the price down. Another word on location: I did not find it seedy or scary at all. We felt totally safe walking around in the middle of the night.I have absolutely no complaints except for one: extra charges. Charges for the breakfast, drinks in the bar, and the minibar were the most expensive of any of the places we stayed at in Europe. Often times the prices were the same in Pounds as they had been in Euros in comparable European hotels. But what irritated me the most were the phone and internet charges. I made four short local calls and was charged over 30 Pounds. It is cheaper fo me to call my friends in London from my home in Canada! If you want to use your calling card, prepare to pay a 1.50 Pound connection charge. Internet was nearly 4 Pounds for 15 minutes, and the business centre had very limited hours. The executive centre had a 24 hour computer, but that required payment of an extra 25 Pounds per day to use, and the internet wasn't even included. In this day and age, it seems perverse to hit people with those kinds of telecom charges.In short, if this hotel did away with these sorts of charges, it would be flawless, as it otherwise provides exceptional value for the money. Even so, I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great Hotel near Victoria Station	We stayed here at the end of July during the extremely hot weather, and were very pleased with the air conditioned rooms. Very Cool!The location is very convenient just outside of Victoria Station- (be sure to take the Hudson Place Exit from Victoria Station next to Platform 1)Service was very professional and our room was very comfortable.A well appointed hotel lobby and lounge area.We were also pleased to receive a nice letter from the Park Plaza regarding the comment card that I left at check out. Nice touch!We'll certainly stay here again.	
Aug 7 2006	Great location great hotel!	Just back from a two night stay at Victoria Park Plaza in London, and thought the hotel was great! We got a great deal on Expedia, and weren't really expecting the hotel to be as good as it was.Just around the corner from Victoria station, it was a great base for our weekends shopping. Upon arrival, there were no queues to check-in, and the reception staff were lovely. The whole process only took about a minute, and we were on our way to our room.The room itself was lovely, we were given a double room, although I had requested a twin room when confirming the booking - but the bed was huge and very comfy so we were happy enough! The room itself had everything you need - a good sized modern bathroom, which was spotless, an ironing board, tv and all the other things you would expect (tea making facilities etc).We didn't take advantage of the breakfast because we thought it was a bit steep (£16), but in Victoria station there are loads of coffee shops where you could grab a pastry and a cup of coffee on the go.The hotel lobby was very impressive withan airy minimalistic feel, and the bar was very nice too. We stayed in the bar late on Friday night, and the staff bent over backwards to accommodate us.Overall, a really pleasant experience and I would definitely go back if I was staying in London again.	
Aug 4 2006	Great Stay at the Park Plaza	We stayed in an executive room. It was a large and clean room, very well kept. The carpeting, sheets, furniture, curtains, and bathroom was spotless. The bathroom was spacious and modern in decor with marble. We also had complementary robes and slippers as well. This room is definitely not small compared to European standards. The room came with a complementary tray of extra toiletries such as a comb, shower caps, and sewing kit. We were welcomed with a small fruit basket and two small bottles of still and sparkling water in glass bottles. The room also had outlets compatible with US standard plugs as well as European ones. The air conditioning was very effective, especially in the recent heat waves in Europe. There was an ice machine on every floor as well, which is unusual for European hotels. The staff was very friendly to us. We had no problems checking in and out. We were served very quickly. When our room card had been demagnetized and we were locked out of our room as a result, they were very helpful in quickly re-issuing new keys. The concierge was knowledgeable about the area and they offered a free London map as well.The area is not too bad. It is near Victoria station, about 2 blocks around the corner. However, at night there are some homeless people at night, but for the most part, it was fine. During the day, the streets around the hotel are well traveled by tourists and locals going to work. It seems that the hotel is near some business buildings. There is a good variety of restaurants across the street as well as down the block ranging from American to Asian and others. There is also a mall about 2 blocks down as well. Behind the hotel, there is a street full of restaurants, a supermarket (Sainsbury), and a chemist. This street behind the hotel is very nice and not seedy at all as some had described. There are a lot of food choices.Our room also came with complementary breakfast in the executive dining room, which we accessed with our key card. The room was lovely with tables covered with cloths, cushy sofa chairs, and a wide variety of cold and hot items. We had cereals, eggs, cold and hot meats, fruits, vegetables, potatoes, breakfast bars, pastries, rolls, juices, yogurt, and coffees. The staff was very friendly as well and served us with a smile.The only downside was the construction behind the hotel. Most of the time, they were not working. One night, they were however, but it was not for long and we managed to sleep after that. Just ask for a room that is not on that side of the hotel and you will not hear the construction. One of our rooms was on the other side of the construction and we were not bothered by the construction. We have stayed in other hotels in London as well as around Europe and they were not as large or clean as this one. It was a nice surprise and a good value for the price we paid.	
Aug 3 2006 	A great nights stay	This hotel is above standard in their attitude to their customers. Everyone from the reception staff to the cleaners is polite and more than helpful. Credit where credit is due, this hotel is unique.Clean rooms, loads of space, lovely breakfast, centrally located, what more could you ask for in a busy metropolis.The use of the executive suite for afternoon tea etc, and drinks between 6pm and 8pm is another touch that makes you feel special. well worth the small extra cost..... highly recommended! We loved our short stay and would definately stay their again and highly recommend to anyone who asks..... If in London it must be the - Victoria Park Plaza Hotel.	
Jul 30 2006 	Very Pleasant stay at Vicoria Park Plaza	I'm not sure what people expect in London. This hotel offers incredible deals (we got a nice discount deal). This is a very stylish and cool hotel that is conveniently located in center of London. You can grab a cab, take a bus or train, and go anywhere in London. Loved the hop on and off bus that you can catch a couple blocks from the hotel. The breakfast was OK by hotel standards with all the usual fare. The real surprise was the food in the bar atrium area just off the lobby, very good pasta, burgers etc. Kids loved it. The rooms were modern with all the conveniences and comfortable. This is a great value considering how expensive London is -- don't know why people would complain. You shouldn't be disappointed here.	
Jul 29 2006	Large Room Huge Bathroom	A very well located hotel, 2 blocks from Victoria Station in London. Very clean, neat, renovated hotel, from lobby to the sleeping rooms.In our standard room we had a large clean bathroom with 2 showers, (good water pressure). Large sleeping area, with sitting area, comfortable beds, newspapers every morning (Free continental breakfast).Sockets to plug in US, Europe or UK plugs (no adapter required)Easy walk to Buckingham Palace region, Victoria Station (for buses, trains and Tube stations), so easy to get anywhere in the city.Will stay there again in the future. Check the web for good deals, we were mid-week for 69 UK pounds per night.	
Jul 26 2006 	One Man's Meat etc etc	Found none of the problems recent visitors seem to have had.Staff were helpful and courteous.Room was clean, cool and well stocked, didn't use the mini-bar but then who does except people with more money than sense.Breakfast, included in price, was more than adequate.As for the seedy area, I can only suggest these people should get out more often. Any city railway station attracts streetlife and if that bothers you then avoid railway stations !!	
Jul 24 2006 	Spend your money elsewhere	I booked this hotel for three nights, and then for another three nights once we were to return from Paris. I must admit I was reluctant to return to the Victoria Park Plaza for the second stay I pre-booked. After sitting on a plane for 7 hours, traveling to the hotel from Heathrow, and all the jet lag I had in me, I could not wait to get to the hotel. We get there about 1pm, check in, and the front desk tells us to come back in about an hour and a half when our room is ready. That was no problem as we were there before check in (I had requested an early check in, oh well). We return an hour and a half later, and our room is still not ready. By that time the lobby is full of people waiting on rooms, and we proceed to sit for another 45 minutes in front of the desk. It took us going back up there again for them to finally start calling around for keys. In the days we stayed there, you always knew it was check in time by the tons of people sitting around waiting in the lobby half-asleep with luggage while the staff stands around.The rooms are definitely more form over function. Things look nice, but for example, the light switch beside your bed turns on the light above the other bed to reduce reading glare according to their card. Well, what about the person who is trying to sleep on the other bed? It just doesn’t make sense. They said they had room service, but we had no menu. Our remote control didn’t work, and the pillows were about as fluffy as a cardboard box. No problem though, as I know hotels are done a bit different in Europe. The next morning, I got to wake up to a wonderful bulldozer. Across the little two lane street there is a huge construction project going on, so I couldn’t sleep off my jet lag. The only reason I didn’t cancel my second stay for when I returned from Paris is the convenience to Victoria Station where I needed access to the Gatwick Express.For our second stay, check in was much better. She told me they only had smoking rooms left (booked non-smoking, and I got there at check-in time). I was okay with that, and asked her if she could put us on a side with no construction to which she was nice enough to do that for us. Walking into that room was a whole new story. Apparently they just left everything out of our first room, because this one actually had the room service menus, access to the minibar, and everything else they tell you your room provides. The room was quieter, but thanks to the cardboard pillows, I am still suffering from a sore neck. When our express bill came, we were charged for things in the mini-fridge we never took, so be sure to check your bill. Overall, I did not feel as though I got what I paid for. I will not recommend this to other people, nor will I ever set foot in there again. I can usually overlook a lot of things, but the inconsistencies in rooms, and the horrible unfriendly hotel staff make this place a complete NO in my book.	
Jul 21 2006 	The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in.	We booked this hotel on price, figuring that for the price we would get good service. We paid 300 pounds per night for a serviced apartment as we have a small child.Our DVD player did not work and after several days of complaining they finally told us there was nothing they could do about it.The shower was terrible and the airconditioning was non existant. If we asked a staff person about something or other they would say &quot;Oh, I dont know about that you will have to ask...some other department.&quot; Overall the worst service we have ever had.	
Jul 21 2006 	Nice hotel if a little pricey	Stayed at this hotel 20/07/2006.Was in an EXECUTIVE room so this review may differ from others.Hotel itself is in an excellent location - 2 mins walk from Victoria tube. Location is let down slightly by the fact that there is a massive building site directly opposite at the moment hence our view out of the window looked like a shot from the second world war after a doodlebug had landed! Would add however that this site created little mess and no noise at all that affected our stay and the view isnt great from any hotel in that particular area because everything is so built up.Hotel lobby was very nice .. unusual scupltures made out of denim jeans and twigs (see other reviewers photos) that made me smile.Reception staff VERY helpful and friendly - a rarity in London hotels - on both check in and check out.Downstairs lounge area was very popular although didnt use it myself.Executive room was spotless and nicely decorated / lighted. Bathroom was large and well decorated, air con was spot on for these ridiculous temperatures we are having at present. Executive welcome tray was a nice addition - additional toiletries / extra coffee and chocolate / water / fruit .. very good after travelling.My usual mini-bar warning - this is an electronic bar and as such even moving an item to put your own water in the fridge will see you charged for it .. I didnt fall foul of this but always see fit to warn people these days :)Executive 'lounge' was nice (card access only for executive room members) .. free drinks in the evening and a very nice breakfast the following morning.It was expensive - probably wouldnt have gone exec if I was paying out of my own pocket - but it was a very nice stay nonetheless and would recommend my experience to anyone.	
Jul 17 2006	Very Average	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights last week. I had booked a king non-smoking and they gave me a queen smoking. The girl at the desk tried to convince me that a king sized bed isn't that much bigger and when I told her that I know the difference because I sleep in one at home she offered to try to move me but I declined because Ifigured I might get a worse room. The room didn't smell of cigarette smoke at all so the fact that it had an ashtray in it didn't bother me. The real reason that I didn't want to move rooms is because they charge a ridiculous 15 pounds a day for internet access (thought the information card on the desk says 9.99 pounds) and I was fortunate enough to be on the 1st floor where I was able to pick up an unsecured wireless signal from a neighboring apartment. The mattress was sub par and I didn't check but I believe it may have just been a foam rubber type. The modern upgrades in the hotel are a little over the top for me. I sincerely doubt that thye will spend the money to keep it up and the full size mirror on the back of the tub is already starting to look terrible (you can see it in the candid pictures; the one of the tub, check out the edge of the mirror). Functioning air conditioning was a plus and if anything it actually got too cold (rare to hear that from a southern american). There is no vending in the hotel at all and if you want a soft drink late at night you're either stuck paying the two pounds in the mini-bar or god knows how much for room service. There are no 24 hr convenience stores in the area even though it is only a block away from Victoria Station.	
Jul 11 2006	A bit pricey but nice	We stayed at the hotel for one night and it was in a bit of a seedy area. I think that for the price we paid per night we should have recived breakfast in the package. It is next to Victoria Street Station so it was convenient getting to Gatwick airport, but I am not sure if the convenience was worth the price...	
Jul 5 2006 	Great hotel central location	This is a beautiful hotel just minutes away from Buckingham Palaca and right around the corner from Victoria Station, which makes it quite comvenient for getting the Gatwick Express train to the airport. Spent two nights here on the tail end of a business trip/vacation and wish I would have had more time. Very spacious rooms and bathrooms with A/C that you can control - and that actually turns down far enough to be comfortable (unlike other European hotels). Nice restaurant/bar, with the ability to order breakfast ala carte, which I've found was rare in the UK. Very comfy beds also. Highly recommend this place for business and leisure travelers. I couldn't believe we only paid 139 GBP per night. It was a steal.	
Jul 3 2006	Awful Hotel	Stayed here for one night. We wanted a 4* hotel on the doorstep of Victoria Station and this fitted the bill and looked great from its description on the web. How wrong we were. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I would never never ever stay here again or recommend it to anyone . The staff were indifferent, the room was pokey, dirty and the towels smelt and were unclean. This was far from value for money.	
Jun 19 2006	Good value	Well situated for public transport, both tube and bus. Comfortable room which we booked on a special rate through travel zoo. We were upgraded to an executive room which was part of the deal but found that none of the extras were available until we requested them, i.e. welcome tray, bathrobes, slippers and face cloths. They did arrive quite promptly. We could not access the executive lounge due to problems with the card keys and when we did on the 2nd day we found it a bit of a disappointment with very little in the way of refreshments. Breakfast in the restaurant was very good and offered a really good variety of hot and cold food. I wish they would not cook so many fried eggs at once as the later ones become rubbery and unpleasant. Our deal did not include taxes and this resulted in a further 17.5% VAT added to the bill but it was still good value. We would return.	
Jun 15 2006 	Very Comfortable	Great hotel, modern, clean and quiet. The rooms were of good size with all the required accessories available. The fitness center was more than satisfactory after a day's outing.The staff were friendly and attentive. Always at your service. Could use a few more international TV channels, the bathroom was a bit slippery and the shower door was hard to manage but besides these minor complaints, was a great hotel.	
Jun 14 2006	My view of the Park Plaza	Just got back from vacation yesterday and thought while things were fresh in my mind I would give my impression of the hotel (7 June-13 June). The hotel is in a great convenient location that is just a 5-minute walk from the Victoria Train/Tube station. Just out the side door and down the street.The front desk staff was very helpful and polite. My only complaint would be that when checking out they ask if I would like the bill in US dollars but failed to tell me that there was a 3.5% charge to change it. The room was clean but showed wear. I had to ask for a washcloth each day, they would leave clean towels but never wash cloths. We had an executive room that included breakfast and access to the lounge but they changed the lock code every day so I had to swap the key card each day. The only refreshments in the lounge most days were coffee and bottled water. The breakfast bar was very plentiful. A good hot breakfast of toast/rolls, bacon and sausage, scrambled and sunny side up eggs or order omelets, potatoes, tomatoes, beans and mushrooms. They also had a cold bar of cereals, juice, and fruit with bread and cold meats. Some of the wait staff could have been more efficient, they would stand and talk, but most were very helpful. The last morning I had to get up and leave without finishing my breakfast when I watched one of the waitresses pick her nose and rub it on her shirt I am glad it was the last day.	
Jun 12 2006	Good value	This hotel is a good value for travelers. The room was especially comfortable, the shower was fantastic, the hotel cleaning staff is exceptional. The carpeting needs to be replaced in the common areas. We were charged 25 pounds for a fax, which was outrageous. The best bet is to use any of the several internet cafes for email, faxes, etc. The restaurants in the neighborhood are not good, except for Jenny Lo's on Eccleston, and the Grenadier, an old pub in Belgrave.	
Jun 7 2006	Wonderful Clean and Modern Hotel!	My husband and I recently took a trip to London, Paris and Rome. We were expecting to like Paris and Rome much better than London, but to our surpise London was absolutely amazing! We both feel this had a lot to do with our stay at the Victoria Park Plaza. I have a bit of a phobia of dirty hotels and generally HATE sleeping in hotel beds. The Park Plaza was clean, beautifully decorated and in a fantastic location. I felt very comfortable. We took the train from the airport which took less than 30 minutes and was only about $15/per person. We walked to the West End, Buckingham Palace and Westminster Abbey from our hotel. They're not right next door, but they were all within reasonable walking distance through very safe, commercial areas. When we were tired of walking (we're office people - not used to all of the walking) the hotel was a block from Victoria Station and we'd just hop on a train to wherever we needed to go.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay there on our next trip to London!	
May 30 2006	great hotel but	this hotel is in a great locaction, staff very helpful ... very clean hotel ... stoped in the exec room very clean and large....breakfast could have been warmer.. this his our view	
May 27 2006	Good Location and Modern Looking	This hotel has a great location that is just a skip and a hop from the Victoria Tube station.The bar section is open and airy.The front desk staff were very helpful with directions and cashed one of our travelor's checks.We scratched our heads looking at the art work in our room but I guess if that's the most to complain about, you're doing ok.The bathrom floor can get pretty slippery. I didn't care for the funky glass door in the shower that doesn't fold all the way. The room was spacious and quiet.Overall, this hotel fills the bill.	
May 18 2006	Chic and convenient	i have now stayed at the Park Plaza Hotel 3 times and will definitely return every time I am in London. It is incredibly convenient being about 100 yards from Victoria Station (which has a direct train link to Gatwick Airport). But, more importantly, it is a work of art from top to bottom. It is ultra modern without being unomfortable and has fascinating paintings and sculptures at every turn. (Try deciphering the poetry over the bar!) Even the doorman and the reception staff are part of the art work with their sleek black outfits. The rooms are elegant and well appointed and the bathrooms are a dream. On my last visit the hotel was full so they put me in an apartment on the 8th floor - I didn't want to go home! This is London living as it shoudl be and I recommend the hotel to anyone who doesn't enjoy staying in a featureless box.	
May 16 2006	okay but only if you get a deal	I hesitate to give a four star hotel a 3 rating, but it dissapointed for a 4 star. The room was nice, bit cannot be characterised as big. We were there on a weekend special which included an upgrade to an executive suite, which was a nornal room with bath robes, slippers, a few extra toiletries and a fruit/chocolate thingy. The room was clean. The executive lounge was well appointed but I would have rather seen it appointed with more options for daytime drinks (only had a coffee/hot chocolate machine) and perhaps a snack or two. The evening drinks were much better, but for a short time. The breakfast somewhat redeemed the hotel as it was tasty and plentiful. There were charges for wireless, and not just a nominal fee (why isn't this free at a four star?). The location was good, esp. if you are there for the theatre or need to get on the tube. Get a deal or look elsewhere.	
May 14 2006	Some Trickery	The Victoria Park Plaza is a comfortable hotel, but it lacks some honesty by the desk staff. My husband and I are a mature couple who were traveling out of the USA for the first time. We read all the major travel guides to be aware of the scams. Several of them were attempted on us by the desk staff. We had to set them straight. This eliminated any false charges. Too bad you cannot trust the hotel you stay in.	
May 12 2006	Great Hotel	Stayed in this hotel on the 5th and 6th of May after reading the reviews on Trip Adviser and for the second time this year I was not let down byTrip Adviser (booked hotel in Rome earlier in year- another gem) we had booked a room for 2 nights but a very helpful girl at reception (from Germany) told us for the extra charge we could upgrade to execative suite which we did and thought it excelent value. The location is great you can walk everywhere if like me you like to walk or if not you are just beside main line and tube station. I cant fault anything really in hotel but (there is always a but isn't there?) for the orange juice in the morning it was like water - maybe it was all the ice in it but for a little expenditure it would have made breakfast perfect. We stayed in room 125 and our overhead lights seemed to be wired wrong which meant when my husband read late he had to get out of the bed to turn off the light from my side(as I was asleep) but really everything else was so perfect it didn't upset us. Having read reviews about unhelpful staff I cant say but I always found them most courtious and helpful.	
May 9 2006	BEWARE HIDDEN CHARGES	It is such a shame the management just doesn't understand that travelers are savvy and it's important to be upfront and honest instead of hiding prices everywhere. First of all, there are some great special rates for this hotel...so one thinks. I booked the hotel for 4 nights, with the inclusion of the Executive Plan (breakfast, hors d'oeuvres, limited drinks) and free internet. First of all: the free internet is one hour of dial up which will barely open your e-mails. I called prior to booking the room and was told that the internet was &quot;wireless&quot; and &quot;free&quot; with the Executive Package. When I told management this, they did nothing, didn't even offer me a free pass for the day. They said the internet was an outside service (apporx. $ 40 US per day) and once you connect you have to stay connected or you get charged the full amount again. The Executive Plan also includes a safe big enough to hold a 15 inch notebook computer... yes, that is true, but if you can't disconnect from the internet, what good is a safe? They also urge you to dine (under the Executive Plan), included in your rate either in the Executive Club (a small room, but nicely appointed) or in the lobby's spacious restaurant. I chose the restaurant. What they don't tell you is that you have to pay for your own coffee, teas, etc. in the restaurant...and a waitress will come by every 10 minutes asking if you want coffee or tea. So the &quot;included&quot; breakfast, they get you for over priced coffee and tea. If you serve yourself the coffee and tea in the Executive Club room there is no charge for it. The rooms are small, but clean and well maintained. The location if you are interested in theatre can't be beat... they have a good product, but all the hidden costs continue. When I went to check out, they charged an 18 % tax and a 3% fee to use a VISA credit card (not a debit card) but a VISA card. This is, in addition to whatever charges your own VISA card will make. So by the time you are done, you have to figure the price of the room is actually 20% more than what the internet rate says. We also had the fire alarm go off and everyone ran out of the building. When we returned after standing out in the cold for 20 minutes, we returned and passed by the General Manager of the hotel who didn't make any apology whatsoever, and didn't even say thank you for your cooperation. Nothing. I don't think there was a fire, somebody just pulled the alarm, but it was taken very serious. I won't stay at this hotel again because I don't like to be tricked into paying a higher price than advertised. This is the way the hotel makes money, which is a shame, because it is a lovely property. The front desk staff is not very friendly at all and will not help you if you have any problem...they just don't care. The hotel is booked full to brim all the time, but after awhile, people will catch on that this place is full of deception.	
May 1 2006	Good Stay - A nice hotel for London	My wife and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in mid-February. I was in London on business and my wife came along to be the tourist. I'd rate it as a 3.5* hotel.I've been to London over 30 times in the past 10 years. I'm required to travel on Federal Per Diem rates, so the 5*, first-class properties are not within my travel budgets. I'd say that the Park Plaza was one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at for the rates I can pay.Unlike most hotels in my travel budget, the Park Plaza is a modern facility with high-speed internet access available. The rooms were large and well-appointed. Staff was friendly, and very helpful in assisting my wife with directions.The location to Victoria Station is convenient and it is an cheap and easy (but long) Tube ride from Heathrow to Victoria Station. There is one change in trains required to transfer to/from the Piccadilly Line to the District or Circle Lines -- but at a couple of stations it is only a 25 foot walk across the platform to make the connection.I'll definitely be staying at the Park Plaza again (as long as the rates stay affordable).	
Apr 30 2006 	Excellent handicapped facilities	My wife, who is confined to a wheelchair, and I stayed for a week at this hotel during the first week of April. We found the staff to be friendly, competent and attentive to our needs. The restaurant is top notch, excellent menu. The concierge staff made bookings for us on the London Eye and made sure that we got the best rates. The hotel is well located, only a two-minute walk to Victoria Station and tube. The room was very comfortable and quiet. The washroom had an accessible shower which my wife really appreciated. The only problem with it is that there was a tendency for water to spill onto the ceramic floor which was slightly slippery. I suggest that you put down extra towels to take care of the leakage. Overall, we had a wonderful experience at the Victoria Park Plaza and we're planning to return next year for another week.	
Apr 24 2006	Over-rated	4* rating is too high.Breakfast poor and cold by 9:30King size bed was two singles pushed togetherStaff friendly, if slightly clueless.Disappointing£120 per night you can get much better deals.	
Apr 14 2006	Great hotel	This was a great hotel, especially if you're able to get a special deal on travelzoo. The three of us (two adults and a 15-year old) got an upgraded room (not suite, just larger room), a welcome package (fruit, water, extra toiletries, and candy), access to the executive lounge (evening drinks/appetizers and English breakfast), and passes for two for the Open Bus Tour (hop on and off tour of London) for £79 plus tax. The room was very nice (especially by European standards) with a nice bathroom. This is a relatively new hotel; so, everything is new, clean, and modern. The location is extremely convenient too, although we took public transportation from Heathrow (the express train and the tube). I would not recommend doing that - it's too complicated with luggage; lots of steps. The hotel is extremely convenient to Gatwick, though (we left from there). The express station is practically across the street. The evening drinks and appetizers were a little disappointing - drinks were fine, but the appetizers only included small eggrolls, potato chips, olives, and pretzels. We came down a bit late the second night and our only choice was chips or pretzels. The breakfast was fine, however. I'd definitely recommend staying here, especially if you can get a deal.	
Apr 6 2006	You won't hear a thing	I wish there was a rating between 3 and 4, because it really is better than average in some respects. The best things about this hotel are the soundproofing and the beds. Once you are in your room you will not hear toilets flushing in another room, noise from the corridor, people walking overhead--nothing. One night workmen were drilling around midnight on the street below and the windows blocked out the sound. The beds were comfortable and the room was large, hard to find in London. Our bathroom had a big tub. The decor is rather bland, however, and I was surprised that there weren't more trendy touches, considering this hotel is just a couple of years old, including a not very modern television. The staff is young and pleasant. The location is superb, just a couple of minutes' walk from Victoria Station.	
Mar 30 2006	Close to being excellent - but not quite!	Things listed on plus side:+ Location. Two minutes from Victoria Station, from where you can easily get everywhere in London. Subway and buses leave there. There is even one bus stop right beside the hotel. The area is not so bad as it used to be.+ Room size. The room and also bathroom were big in London standards. We were travelling with a baby and therefore wanted to book a hotel that had big rooms. We were not disappointed. + Cleanliness. The room, linen, curtains, bathroom - everything was clean.+ The english breakfast. Quality was good. I ate english breakfast every morning and that really kept me going late in the afternoon.+ Bar and a restaurant. Even though the prices are not very inexpensive, there is a nice bar and a restaurant serving good quality snacks and food.+ Gym. I didn't use it, but I went down there to take a look. It's nice that you don't have to leave the hotel if you want to use the gym.(+) Service. We got an extra heater after the housekeeping had left the window open for a whole day! And it was about +2C outside.Then things on minus side:- Cost of the breakfast. English breakfast will cost you 16 pounds and that IS a LOT! Continental breakfast was 4£ less, but have that only if you are trying to lose some weight.- - Service and flexibility. See service above (our room was freezing, but that must have been an accident). Because we had a baby (six months) and our plane was leaving at 5 pm, I asked for a late check out (2 pm). The night before I was told it would be okay and I was asked to confirm it next morning. When I tried to do that, they told me they'd charge 10£ per hour. I was really amazed and asked it free because we would have to chage nappies for our daughter and she would need a nap before long travelling home. When I asked it for free, they refused to do it and reason was, that there were a lot of poeple coming in and they could not keep our room for us for two extra hours. A minute ago it was possible if I had payed 20 pounds!?! A late check out would have been luxury for us and decent service from this quality hotel, but they chose not to serve our family. I have never ever been charged for late check out.The staff were friendly though.After all, we were satisfied with the hotel and would (probably) stay there again (if we don't need late check out). There are more good things on the plus side.	
Mar 23 2006	What a Pleasant Surprise	I recently spent 3 nights at the Victoria Plaza. Having stayed in quite a few London hotels, I was skeptical about the room size, cleanliness, location, etc.The first thing I noted when I got there was it's proximity to the Victoria Station. It was about two minutes walk away.The concierge staff were very friendly and gave me a complimentary upgrade to a suite. The room was a nice size as was the entertainment/work area. The bathroom was SPECTACULAR. It was ultra-modern with a separate shower and bath (with a shower in the bath as well). The floor, tiles and tub were spotless. I am extremely fussy about bathrooms and was really impressed with this one.I have read complaints about the temperature control. I did not have any problems. The gym was way better than I could have expected with top of the line equipment. It was empty for most of my stay which meant I had the run of the place.There are lots of inexpensive eateries near the hotel but if one prefers to eat in the hotel, the restaurant is pretty good (if not a little pricier than the outside restaurants).I highly recommend this hotel. I only wish I'd taken pictures of the bathroom to share with all of you!	
Mar 23 2006	Would stay again for the right price	Had the same GBP 79 rate as another reviewer with lounge access, breakfast, and two tour bus tickets included. Did not have the mini-suite, however.Mostly tourists here on the weekend, but lots of conventioners and business types checking in on Monday.Good location, literally a 2 minute walk to Victoria Station. No trouble taking the tube from Heathrow and rolling our luggage over to the hotel. Some decent pubs and so-so restaurants in walking distance, but no restaurants I'd travel to this neighborhood for on purpose. About a 20-minute walk to Parliament Square/Big Ben/Westminster. Easy access via tube or bus to all of London from here.Room was big enough, somewhat larger than other &quot;standard&quot; sized rooms in the UK, but not much. Bathroom has funky frosted glass door and funkier glass sink/counter. Good shower, but no curtain, just the half-door typical of European hotels. Bring your own soap, as the hotel amenities are paltry and not replenished adequately by housekeeping.There is a major construction site across the street, but it didn't bother us on the 7th floor. Could feel the ground shaking during breakfast on the ground floor one morning, though!Executive lounge is, in a word, craptacular. Free wine and beer nightly, and assorted snacks. Staff was very, very, very slow to replenish snack selections. One or two warm snacks offered, but they'd disappear quickly. Two kinds of beer, and a red and white wine selection. I would not pay extra for lounge access.Breakfast in main restaurant was buffet style English breakfast. Fried eggs set out were a bit rubbery, and scrambled eggs were often not hot (or even warm). Had to flag down waiters for coffee refills. Otherwise, buffet was OK. Staff was alternately disinterested or busy being berated by the extremely cranky manager. Charge I think was GBP16, which I'd never had paid were it not included in our room rate. Easy enough to find a pasty in the neighborhood or station if you don't want to break the bank for a mediocre hotel buffet breakfast.As others noted, a modern decor throughout hotel. Art was not my taste, but it's not a reason to skip staying here. Talked to other guests who found the artwork quite interesting. To each his/her own.Front desk staff that checked us in was brusk. Gave me a hard time for asking for an higher level room rather than first floor room, but ultimately gave me what I wanted. Check out staff was pleasant.Overall opinion: good value for London, good location. I would not pay a premium for lounge access if it weren't included in the package we got. A good rate would lure me back to this hotel, but would skip if much higher. We expected to get value, location, and cleanliness over service and this hotel lived up to that.	
Mar 7 2006	Comfortable But Noisy!	At a deal of £79 plus VAT per night for 2, including breakfast, entry to executive suite, free tourist bus and boat tickets you really cannot complain, expecially as we were allocated a mini-suite. It was also very useful being able to leave our bags for later collection on the final day.Avoid rooms overlooking the front - incredibly noisy. Only heating/ventilation through air-con so at night freeze or put up with the noise (you can't!). Bathroom no heating at all - brrrr!! Parking too expensive at £30 night especially when hotel admits car park empty at weekends. Not really anything in the area apart from Victoria station, but taxi only £7 to West End. Friendly staff but try warming the breakfast plates!For what we paid, great value.	
Feb 24 2006	Tolerable	I used Hotwire (discount booking service) when booking this hotel and paid around $120/night, which is an amazing deal for anything in the UK. However, it seems you get what you pay for. I would not recommend this hotel to someone looking for anything but a good deal. The location right next to the Victoria tube station was great, but it lacks anywhere to eat that is nearby, except at the train station. This is a huge station though, so it does have a handy resonably priced grocery store, book store, and many breakfast/coffee places. They were able to check us in right when we got there after our international flight at noon, so we lucked our in that respect. We thought it was a handicapped room, but looking at other photos on tripadvisor, it seems they may all look like that. The rooms are small and relatively clean, but chips on furniture and some stains on carpet distract the eye. The bathrooms are odd, but look alright on photos. Bathrooms remain very chilly at all times and ours had a creepy pull down seat in the shower. Our view was of another building. The garbage trucks at 6am was not a very welcoming London experience. As stated before, I do agree that the front desk staff is just young people, mostly inexperienced guys. Again, a tolerable experience, but not a luxury visit by any means. Only stay if you find a deal.	
Feb 21 2006 	Avoid this hotel unless you're desperate	I've stayed at this hotel many times (maybe 10 in the past 2 years) and have never had a stay without some significant problem, which is almost always compounded by the poor service. Something in the room is bound to be missing or out of order: the lights, the bedding, the ethernet connection or the television. On this stay, it was the ethernet connection and the cordless phone, which I could not answer, which the staff could not answer and which no one in the hotel could fix. I was traveling on business so imagine what it was like to have no phone or internet connection.I've had it with this place and would advise anyone traveling on business to avoid it. My office was nearby and that was enough to put up with the inexperienced, uncaring staff but no more. I'll stay somewhere else and take the tube before I stay here again.	
Feb 19 2006	Great price 	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza hotel for 2 nights in Feb, 2006 and found it to be a clean, comfortable quite reasonably-priced business-oriented hotel. This is not a cozy, charming English Inn--this is a modern business-oriented establishment which reaches for sleek, neon, fast-track ambience. Still, it's a bit of a find: the location near Victoria Station and some major London sites is great, the price is tough to beat (I paid 134 pounds before taxes) and there were quite nice amenities including a very good hot English breakfast buffet as well as use of the executive lounge, which offered free snacks, beer, wine, tea/coffee, newspapers, etc. For 12 pounds/day you can have unlimited high speed internet access in your room for your laptop (pack an ethernet cable). The front desk staff were mostly kids who appeared to be working their first hospitality industry jobs, but they were well-trained, friendly, professional and helpful. I'd stay here again for the convenience, amenities and price.	
Feb 10 2006	exellect hotel in london	Stayed here in jan 2006,for a night,hotel was fab one of the best i stayed in london(and theres been a few).sevice was good and rooms were clean and large.The only down size was the hotel bar was on the dear side (even for london).just down the road from where billy elliot was showing,ideal for seeing a show.Would stay here again if going to london	
Feb 8 2006	5 Star Hotel At 3 Star Prices!	We made three trips to london last year and booked 3 rooms each time for family members. VICTORIA PARK PLAZA was simply the best value and very convenient for everything you will need in London: the rooms are immaculate and very quiet (this is london,and some hotels are noisy remember!) the breakfasts were outstanding and they are happy to cater for the fussiest of children, even lovely home-baked rolls. This hotel has the advantage of a warm swimming pool so even if its raining outside there is something to work off the breakfast! Staff were pleasant to all, even at the height of the tourist season in August. If you are looking for somewhere special at an ordinary price this is the hotel for you. Enjoy, we all did.	
Feb 7 2006	Excellent!!!	Excellent!!! Stayed here for 2 nights. Very friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere. Rooms very clean and have everything you need including tea and coffee, we asked for more sugar and milk and with in 5 mins it arrived. Continental breakfast was great. Booked through Octopustravel.com got very good price for a 4 start London Hotel and had no problems. Hotel is close to everything you need Victoria Station 2 mins walk, Apollo Theatre 2 min walk and Wetherspoons Pub just up road. Would stay again.	
Feb 6 2006	We recommend this hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel in January 2006.The location is first class, two minutes walk from Victoria railway/tube station.The staff are excellent, the rooms roomy and comfortable and the gymn well equipped. The restaurant was reasonably priced and to a very good standard. The staff produced excellent haggis on Burns Night.My wife has stayed there again since our trip and the same high quality service was experienced.The only minor negative point is the lack of a swimming pool.Easy, level walking to Westminster, Tate National, Buckingham Palace and many other sights. If you want a longer walk, stroll down to Parliament, then on to Westminster Bridge, cross the river (look out for fishing cormaorants and lost whales!), left past the London Eye, visit Tate Modern and meander along to Tower Bridge. Round the walk off with a visit to the Tower of London and then use the tube to get back.A highly recommended hotel.	
Feb 2 2006	Just perfect!!	Having stayed in many London hotels that were more like shoeboxes, I was very surprised with the Victoria Park Plaza. It is located very close to the Victoria Station - literally a 2 minute walk - ideal for the Underground and links to Gatwick Airport. The rooms are standard American size with all conveniences, very comfortable bed, good sheets!, and nice furnishings. We were especially impressed with the bathroom - just beautiful, very modern, all glass. And be sure to look for the cool sculptures in the hotel lobby. Very fun! We didn't eat at the hotel, preferring the less-expensive pubs in the area, but we did have a drink at the hotel bar which was definately a drain on the wallet!! If I had to say one negative thing it would be that we requested a non-smoking room but our room had a faint aroma of cigarette smoke. Didn't spoil our trip at all though; we would definately stay here again.	
Jan 31 2006 	Convenient Location - Nice Atmosphere	Not the most picturesque of locations being so near to Victoria Station, but great for transport, especially to anywhere in Central London. The Hotel has a very nice atmosphere in the bar and reception area and I have to say that on the few occasions my husband and I have stayed there on business (in the Executive Rooms), the Staff have been more than helpful. Don't forget to check the Government Rate, if you work in any Government Department, Schools, Universities etc, it is considerably lower. The rooms are larger and cleaner than most hotels that I have stayed at in London and the rooftop views on the 7th Floor, looking towards the London Eye and Houses of Parliament, are great, especially at night, when the buildings light up. The 'English Cooked Breakfast' could be hotter and the breakfast time extended, but generally okay. Be persistent, if what you get is not what you expected, tell them there and then don't wait until you leave. Choose a NEW HOTEL, I have decided that it is best to stay in newly developed hotels in London, as the majority are old buildings, with small dirty rooms and are extremely overpriced - this coming from a Londoner who LOVES the City.	
Jan 27 2006 	Service was awful	Stayed here several times over past few months thinking it should get better. they left a prawn sandwich in my room and a half eaten cream cake in the mini bar for 4 days. They overcharged me by £300 on checkout! I will never stay here again	
Jan 9 2006	Easy	Spotless, modern and great location. My husband and I stayed at Victoria Park Plaza for 4 nights in December and had a fantastic time. The hotel is brand new so is very clean and modern. Breakfast is great. Very cheap deals on [--]	
Jan 9 2006	Great Stay	We just spent 5 nights here at the beginning of the year. This is one of the best deals I've ever found in London. The hotel was very modern, clean, friendly, and our room was very nice sized compared to other higher priced hotels. Just a great location being close to Victoria stations. Lots of nice restaurants near the hotel and we had an excellent dinner in the hotel restaurant. Our last two times in London we stayed at the Sheraton Park Lane, but this will now be our new &quot;favorite&quot; in London. Can't beat the value.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for New Year 2004. The hotel is very well located - only 1 minute walk from Victoria tube and coach station. Sites such as Buckingham Palace were well within walking distance. The hotel itself is extremely clean and modern. The room was lovely - a good size and had everything you would need.The only downside was that, when we telephoned the hotel before hand, we were lead to believe that the hotel had a small number of free parking spaces, allocated on a first come first served basis. However this was not the case and we were charged £30 per night for valet parking (even though we had to park ourselves and were given no instructions as to where to go etc.) When we mentioned this to the staff they were fairly rude and unhelpful.I would probably stay here again if the room was offered for a good price!	
Jan 1 2006	loved the hotel	Stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in December and loved it. As for the one review we didn't see fast food outlets on every corner (however there was a great Sainsbury's down the street) One and a half blocks away from Victoria Station one direction and several EXCELLENT restaurants the other direction down Wilton St. Ask Danny for recommendations. Rooms were a very nice size for a hotel in this price range in Europe. Americans should feel very comfortable in this hotel. Only downside, the internet service was out of order. The people were all very nice.	
Dec 19 2005	Perfect Location Great Hotel!!	VIctoria Park Plaze is the perfect hotel. They are just steps to the Victoria Tube station. We were only a few stops from most of London's key points of interest.The hotel itself was very clean and hospitable. The bathrooms have been recently rennovated and are really something to look at! I took advantage of the large bathtub many nights! I would suggest getting the deal that includes breakfast in you room rate. It was really worth it. We would wake up in the morning, eat a wonderful meal, then off to our next adventure. I felt very comfortable at this hotel and will stay there the next time I am in London!	
Dec 15 2005	Park Plaza - the place to be	Stayed at the Park Plaza. Excellent location (1 block from Victoria Station for subway travel across the city and within walking range of Big Ben/London Eye/Westminister/Buckingham/several theaters, etc). Great staff-helpful and polite. Rooms and continental breakfast were also great. This was our first trip to Europe and I would highly recommend it and it will be our hotel choice when we go back to London.	
Dec 12 2005 	Great hotel 	I recently stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza on business and was very impressed.The location was so convenient for both Victoria tube/train station and for walking to Westminster. As the location was so near Victoria I was a bit worried that the hotel may be a little worse for wear, however my worries were unfounded.The reception area was bright and breezy, with helpful attentive staff. The room was of a good size as was the bathroom, which was immaculate.I ate in the restaurant and have to say it was one of the best hotel meals I have had in a very long time. The Maitre D was hospitable, particularly as I arrived about 15 minutes before the official closing time and the food was delicious.All in all, I'd be very happy to stay at the Victoria Park Plaza again.	
Nov 23 2005	Good service with spanking clean and comfortable room.	We had a three day stay at VPP earlier this month. I can only repeat how exceptionally helpful the staff was. Danny, on the concierge desk, was especially good and Stephan trolleyed our bags down to the station the day we checked out. Our room was large by London standards and very comfortable; the bath was also quite clean with a nice contemporary feel with its bowl as part of the glass surfaced counter. Did miss an purposeful indentation or a dish for slippery soap.I wish Id known that there was a US style electrical outlet although what good that would have done at that point is questionable since I usually leave my US appliances at home. Also agree that the breakfast was overpriced but arent they all? Got the reservations through the BA recs but didnt get a great bargain like earlier reviewers. We were there on Remembrance Day and I was impressed with how the staff came to a respectful and attentive stop for the two minutes of silence to mark those who have given their lives to keep Britain free. Very moving for this American where such observances are few and far between on such a massive scale.	
Nov 22 2005	A pretty good deal	My wife and I just spent 5 nights at the VPP. Itslocated 2 blocks from Victoria Station although wegenerally took taxis. We signed up for the Executive Deal, a room that gives you access tothe Executive lounge. Included are free breakfast,eggs, bacon, smoked salmon and pastries. There isa machine that dispenses coffee, cappachino, etc but the quality is horrible. However in the lobby duringweekdays you can get these items at the coffee bar.Also fresh juices in the morning and meats and beerand wine in the evvenings are included.The service and staff was first rate.Even though the room description says free internetit is only for one hour each day and if you want ahi speed connection there is a surcharge..I told thestaff I thought this was cheesy.The room itself was clean and the bathroom was fine as well. I would stay here again. All in alla pretty good deal.	
Nov 22 2005	Great Place To Stay	Just returned from a five night stay at the Victoria Park Plaza. Outstanding location and wonderful hotel. One block from Victoria Station - convenient to trains, buses and the Tube. Easy walking distance to Buckingham Palace and Green Park/St. James Park.The room and bathroom are very large by London/European standards. It was very comfortable for two people. The room was also incredibly quiet - we never heard neighbors to our sides, above us, or people in the halls.The buffet breakfast is very well done with a great selection of fruits and cereals to balance out the cholesterol-fest of the full English breakfast. The staff was very professional. And this is going to sound odd, but the elevators were incredibly responsive - I don't think we waited more than 10 seconds for an elevator.We found what seems to be a great deal on British Air Holidays - $166/night including VAT &amp; breakfast. If you want a traditional English hotel, check out the highly rated B&amp;Bs. If you want a great place for business or pleasure, go to the Victoria Park Plaza!	
Nov 17 2005	Comfortable place to stay	The Park Place Victoria Hotel is a very nice and comfortable hotel. It is close to the Underground station which is a plus as we wanted to travel to London via the Underground from Hethrow airport. We aquired this hotel through Hotwire and were expecting the typical you will get the worst room that we have that we often get when purchasing through Hotwire, but we were pleased that the staff were willing to accomodiate our preferrences.The room was large - similar to USA hotels. The bathroom was very nice. The hotel was not in a beautiful location but we were not in London to just look out the window.	
Nov 5 2005	It Was Exactly What We Needed	My husband and I stayed at the Park Plaza for ten nights in October and could not have been more pleased. The best part was its proximity to Victoria Station which is where most of our days began although you can walk to many of the main attractions from this hotel. I would say one thing though - as travelers who had never been to London before, it would have been helpful to know on the day we arrived that going out the entrance next to the train platforms and turning right on to Wilton Rd. was a far more direct path to the hotel. As we arrived from Gatwick on the train and hauled our own luggage, we made an unnecessisarily long trip to the hotel by looking for Vauxhall Bridge Road. That said though, it was a two minute walk on all successive trips.As for the hotel itself, we were extremely pleased with our accommodations. The room was plenty big and the bathroom was very generous - a separate tub and roomy shower. As I frequently washed out things at night it was very convenient having a built in clothes line over the tub and things dried over night. The bed was very comfortable and there was plenty of closet and shelf space. As previous reviewers have commented, it is great having an ice machine on the floor and we bought our own soft drinks at the grocery across the street rather than pay the ridiculous mini-bar price. Others have criticized the high price of the breakfast and I agree entirely. We went to Marks &amp; Spencer and bought fresh scones and jam, bought fruit and juice at the grocery and used the in-room tea service to have a very inexpensive breakfast most mornings. As food was not our priority on this trip, we found several small restaurants in the neighborhood (Italian &amp; Indian)that were more than adequate. Nothing is perfect though. I never could figure out the in-room climate control. I like sleeping cold and could never figure out how to make the A/C work. As we were on the second floor, opening the window at night was very noisy. Fortunately I travel with a white noise machine so I was able to open the window and turn up the volume on my machine. My other gripe is the lousy armchair in the room. London has some of the most uncomfortable chairs in the entire world. This one was like sitting on a concrete slab. I would also suggest that you might bring a couple of small bars of soap with you if you are staying more than a night or two. I throw out my soaps when they get as small as what they provide so I will bring my own next time. Having a U.S. electrical outlet is great for charging batteries you may use such as for cameras. The staff were very helpful each time we needed something and fortunately we were able to check in as soon as we arrived from our flight instead of having to wait until 2:00. We have even received a nice letter from the hotel thanking us for filling out the comment card when we checked out. I suggested bigger soaps, instructions posted on using the climate control and proposed they get soap dishes for the sink instead of having us just plop the soap on the counter as they do. All in all it was a terrific place to stay. We booked through Orbitz and got a really great rate - less than $200 a night. We would stay there again in a heartbeat. Of course there are more elegant hotels in London but for the price, location and ammenities, this hotel is hard to beat.	
Nov 3 2005	Central location in london doesn't mean much!	My husband and I spent a total of three days at the Victoria Park Plaza. I was impressed with prior reviews of the hotel and decided it sounded great and I was also able to get a price of $150 a night which seemed reasonable. Every review raves about the great location... i would compare staying in Victoria to staying in Times Square in New York City. Very busy streets during the day, spookily empty streets at night, an excess of homeless sleeping in staircases, fast food restuarants everywhere, and souvenier shops on every corner. Just like Times Square the Victoria area is very central and therefore helpful in commuting around the city but, with the underground station, as long as you are in the central london area (which is very large), you can go everywhere easily. So you don't need to stay in Victoria. Don't get me wrong it was great to be a fifteen minute walk from Big Ben, or in the other direction Buckingham Palace. But because of the immediate area around the hotel I wanted to avoid going out at night locally. As for the hotel it was fine. The hotel was modernly styled and provided everything you would have needed, including international converted outlets (which really helps when you are bringing your own electronics). The rooms were pretty spacious, and very clean. Our room was on the sixth floor. We opened windows for some air circulation (because there didn't seem to be any air controls in the room)) and therefore we picked up alot of noise from the street. The staff was nice and the lounge/bar in the lobby wasn't a bad place for relaxing with a drink. I never ate dinner at the restaurant because I wanted to get out into London and see what it had to offer. One morning looking forward to a true English breakfast we went to the breakfast buffet, it was 17 pounds (a rip off), and the food was absolutely terrible. Walk two blocks to any pub to get better food! Overall, London was a great city. Maybe because I live in a city I should have stayed in a more residential area.	
Oct 15 2005	Lovely London Hotel	My husband and I stayed at Victoria Park Plaza for 6 nignts in October 2005. We had a lovely experience at this hotel. The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable. We had a cozy King bed. Bathrooms are very adequate and shower has great water pressure. We had a problem with our sink draining, however,when staff informed, they quickly fixed it. We loved the close location to the tube and railway station. Very convenint if you fly into Gatwick, as the Gatwick express gets you to Victoria station in 30 minutues. Room has U.S. outlet in it. There is a hairdryer, iron, and ironing board provided. We also made use of the the in room safe. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant one morning. Felt it was overpriced. Better off getting breakfast at close grocery stores, or McDonalds inside Victoria Station. Overall, we were very pleased with our experience and would defintely stay here again.	
Oct 13 2005	A Great Find	My husband and I visited London for the first time last October with my cousin and her husband (also first time visitors). We had researched many hotels on the Internet and discovered the Victoria Park Plaza thru a British Airways ad. What a wonderful experience. Clean, clean, clean. Extremely helpful staff. Terrific rooms. And contrary to what we expected in London, the room temperature was actually warm. Location was the best. Would stay there again should we be fortunate enough to return to London - a very civilized city.	
Oct 11 2005	Highly recommended	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in October 2005 based on the Tripadvisor reviews, and after getting a great deal through Zuji.The Hotel is very close to Victoria station (2 mins walk) and is in a fantastic location-within a short walking distance to Buckingham Palace (10 mins) and the Kensington Area (15mins). Of course, with Victoria Station so close, the tube is the perfect alternative to walking. If you're flying into Gatwick, this hotel becomes even more the perfect choice as the Gatwick express takes you to Victoria Station.The Hotel has a great lobby (and a bar and restuarant which we didnt try but looked to be fine) which has a very modern, contemporary, comfortable feel.... the reception staff are friendly and helpful.The room and bathroom we had was quite big by London standards and we slept like babies... a little bit of noise when the rubbish was being collected one morning... but really the room was very comfortable... very clean. The room and bathroom were decorated in a contemporary style, without being exceptional, (bathroom was very nice) but more than adequate.Breakfast was included, and whilst not being amazing, was sufficient and was probably better than anything you could find around the station.All in all, we would highly recommend the hotel and will stay again when we visit London.	
Oct 10 2005	Lovely hotel no complaints	Stayed one night for a weekend break in London. Lovely hotel, clean, modern and good location. Tubes and trains are near, but if the weather is good its perfect for walking to Westminster, Buckingham palace and also close to two theatres, currently showing Billy Elliot and Saturday Night Fever.The staff were all friendly, and efficient from room maids, to waiters and front desk. The choice and quality of food for both continental and english at breakfast was second to none, and the dining atmosphere was also good. It was great to hear and speak with Canadian and American tourists who love the city, its history and haven't been put off visiting the capital.Our room was on the sixth floor and didn't have any traffic noise. The room was clean, and a nice place to relax after a sight seeing. Not a great view but you can't have it all !!Would definately recommend as a great city centre hotel.	
Oct 8 2005	This hotel will NOT ruin your London experience...	We stayed in Victoria Park Plaza hotel for 6 nights at the end of September and there is only one thing I want to say - it will NOT ruin your London experience. Spacious modern rooms, normal size bathroom, clean, comfortable... Most importantly, it's only 2-5 minutes away from Victoria Underground(Subway)/Rail/Couch(Bus) Station... There are so many cafes and restaurants around, plus 2 supermarkets, so you may want to think twice before committing to their breakfast package. Overnight travelers - keep your exhaustion under control:)) - chances are you will not be able to check-in before 14:00 (2:00 pm) if you require either a non-smoking room or a room with the king bed or both.	
Oct 3 2005	Perfectly predictable business hotel	I have been to London before and find hotels to often be in poor shape: small baths, iffy elevators and hot water, smoky rooms. On this trip (vacation), I was willing to pay a bit more for consistent quality and predictability. I got it and recommend this hotel for either business or leisure. Very close to Victoria train station and tube stop. Also close to a Marks and Spencer mini-grocery and Sainsbury large grocery - save $ and buy breakfast there. Very modern bathrooms - a rarity in London. I will stay here again.	
Oct 2 2005	Finally a decent hotel in London	I just finished 2 days at this lovely hotel. I had a bad experience with London hotels this past summer, so I was looking for something that was affordable and pleasant. I got my money's worth from this hotel. Firstly, the hotel pictures are exactly as the hotel is, including the standard room (which is called a superior room). The hotel is very modern/contemporary. We got a standard room which was quite spacious. Bathroom was very nice with lots of glass so it looked very clean. Hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. And very importantly, the hotel was a 2 minute walk from the Victoria station...excellent. All in all, this is a lovely hotel and I would absolutely recommend this choice to anyone who is looking for a good deal and good value.	
Sep 26 2005	Great Stay in a Modernly designed London Hotel	After reading all the positive reviews on Trip Advisor, I stayed with my wife at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel between 9/5-9/8 2005 and we were very pleased. Given the weak dollar to Pound exchange rate, we thought the hotel was a very good value considering how much 3+ star hotel rooms were going for in London. The hotel is situated about 5 minutes from Victoria Station, which is a huge underground and bus/train terminal. It is very convenient to get to from Heathrow airport from the underground and it will save you quite a bit of money versus taking a taxi. Although the area is mostly filled with commuters and business workers and does not have a bustling nightlife, there are some nearby restaurants and grocery stores and we found the area to be very safe even late at night. Central London, Trafalgar square and the theatre district is located North of Victoria Station and is very easily accessible with a 10-15 minute underground ride. (We decided to walk one night back from the theatre district which took about 30 minutes.) The hotel is very clean with a minimalist modern design. The room (ours was on the 7th floor) and the bathroom was spotless and decent sized for Europe. As some other reviewers have noted, there are various outlets incuding 110/Europe, etc. When we booked throuhg the British Air website, it also included a complimentary Continental breakfast in the hotel restaurant which was a very nice touch. Although most of the guests seemed to be on business travel, I would recommend this hotel for business and pleasure travel alike. We would definitely consider staying here again in the future	
Sep 19 2005	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in the middle of September for four nights. Although I chose to wait for a room with a king bed, the hotel allowed me to use to gym to freshen up after my flight, then held my luggage until I returned at 13:00 to check in. I received a large, king bed, very clean, interior room. The decor was simple and modern and the bathroom was a great size with a large tub/shower. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet. The only wear I noticed in the hotel was the hallway carpets. There are 3 types of outlets near the desk in the room allowing for UK, EU and US plug types. Female travelers should take note that electrical outlets are not provided in European bathrooms. I had to dry and curl my hair without a mirror during my trip. The location was just next to the Victoria tube/train station which I found to be very convenient. There were also two theaters (currently showing Billy Elliott and Saturday night Fever) very nearby. As a solo female traveler, I felt quite safe in th hotel and the location.	
Sep 17 2005	Great location good hotel	My husband and I spent 5 days at the Park Plaza. Overall, the experience was good. The location can't be beat since it's a couple minutes walk to the tube station. It's not necessarily a cute area since it's sort of touristy and has pretty much what you'd expect from a location around a train station. The room was large and clean and we had a king size bed. The only problem we had was with the safe in the room. It wasn't working and after we complained they send someone to fix it. He never got it working though so we couldn't use it the entire time. Not too big of a deal, just an annoyance. We found the lobby very full of business men so we never went to the bar/restaurant.	
Sep 16 2005	Excellent hotel perfect location	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for 4 nights (9/1-9/5/05). The hotel is a short 2-block walk to Victoria Train Station - a perfect location. We had no problems walking with our luggage to/from the train (Gatwick Airport/Victoria Station). The room was very large and clean, with a large oversized bathroom. We took advantage of the breakfast, evening wine and one hour free internet access - it was well worth the extra price. The staff was very friendly and helpful. During our stay, the weather was perfect and we walked to all the sights. If we did need directions to our hotel, we simply looked for the street signs pointing to Victoria Station. We also felt very safe in this neighborhood. Because of the location, good service, great room and fair price, I doubt that I would ever stay anyone else but the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel. Staying here was the perfect place and helped to make our trip delightful.	
Sep 12 2005	Great value for money	Very efficient and yet friendly helpful Staff; good hot freshly cooked food with great choice and plenty of fresh fruit; clean comfortable beds and wonderful value for money.	
Sep 4 2005	A+ place to stay	I'd like to start off with saying this hotel is an execellent value!We arrived (quite tired from an overnight flight from the US) at around 1:00 pm, our room was ready.The front desk staff from day one, was very friendly &amp; helpful.In fact during our week long stay, I'd say the front desk was overstaffed, a good thing really.The lobby and all public areas are kept spotless, a very modern hotel.Our standard room came with the following:Iron &amp; board-US elect outlet-hair dryer-in room safe with programmable digital comination (Very handy &amp; free to use) mini bar (did not use) 3 phones (1 in the bathroom) wall mounted make-up mirror in bathroom, bedding and room furniture all in tip top like brand new shape.I have to say the bathrooms are VERY modern as well, the bathtub was enormous both is depth and length. Always plenty of water pressure and hot water. Ice machine on every floor comes in handy too.Gym and sauna-steam room with showers as well.Victoria rail-tube station is less than a 4 min walk away, this area is very safe no matter what time of day or night.Some nice restaurants, and an upscale deluxe supermarket very close.	
Aug 31 2005	Great hotel friendly staff	I stayed at the Victoria Plaza over the August bank holiday weekend and enjoyed it thoroughly. The hotel is very comfortable and spotlessly clean. The staff were very helpful and always happy to help.The location is perfect for exploring the city with Victoria station just round the corner (buses, trains and taxis on your doorstep.If I had any complaint it would have to be the slightly silly prices at the hotel bar.I will certainly be staying here again.	
Aug 30 2005	Great hotel for shows in london	We have just returned from a weekend away to London, mainly to see the show Billy Elliot at the Victoria Palace theatre, nr Victoria Station. We chose to stay at the Victoria Park Plaza, and after reading many other hotels reviews, we were extremely pleased with our choice.The hotel was modern, clean, sparkly and almost futuristic. Very nice indeed. The reception staff assisted promptly, and friendly towards us.No hassle check in, and straight to a lovely room. Gorgeous queen size bed which was so comfortable, lovely decor, large spacious sitting area too. Great bathroom, everything in the room, was over our expectations.Only one, negative, the traffic noise, slightly was annoying, so request a quiet room.Breakfast was self service, full english, with other choices too. Much to choose from, again, well freindly and lovely laid out restaurant.The location was superb for the theatres at Victoria. 2 minutes if that, from the Victoria Station, and only 4-5 mins walk easy to the theatres and many restaurants to choose from.We would definately choose this hotel again, in future.The show, billy elliot, is fantastic, go see it . its superb.We will go again and again i'm certain.	
Aug 21 2005	absolutely fab!!	First of all what a great location. Just yards from vicotia bus and train station. Hotel itself was very nice. Staff were very helpful and the maid service was great. Stayed for three nights and really enjoyed it. Breakfast was really good, both full english and continental. I would definately advise anyone to stay here because me myself, well i'm very fussy but was very impressed. So well done to all the staff. See you next year, and THANKS!!!!!	
Aug 16 2005	Great hotel great location great staff	My wife and I picked this hotel through a Dutch website and got an excellent deal. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greated as though we were regular guests, in fact it was the first time we ever stayed there...The room was big, certainly for London standards and the bathroom was simply excellent. We had a room on the 7th floor on the street side of the hotel. The noice is a bit of a problem if you like to sleep with the window open. If so, ask a room that looks out over a small courtyard (inside of the hotel). The hotel is very modern, with nice art and even though the outside may not be very appealing, the inside is just great. There are also some theaters close by and the tube is nearby too (Victoria Station). Buckingham Palace is walking distance.We go to London quite often and we know already that we will return to this hotel.Go for an English Breakfast if you can, its simply excellent and beatifully prepared.	
Aug 15 2005	Excellent quiet modern nice well located hotel	Just returned from a three day trip to London. Victoria Park Plaza was an excellent choice. The room was great and the bathroom was modern, high tech and roomy. Easily accessible to all the sites. We walked to the hotel from the train station. Public buses were also located there, so it made travel convenient. Though we ended up walking nearly everywhere. Thre were many restaurants and grocery stores right around the hotel. The service was great. There were sometimes as many as 5 staff at the front desk eagerly awaiting us, to answer questions, book theatre tickets, provide directions, or call us a cab. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 9 2005	Lovely Hotel Great Location	Victoria Park Plaza is a beautiful hotel in an excellent location. When we arrived, we were offered an &quot;executive&quot; package for 25 pounds extra per day that included a lavish breakfast and access to a comfortable lounge where cold drinks, wine and snacks were served every evening, a very good deal considering how expensive London is for Americans right now. The only problem we experienced was that the refreshments were not always replenished on a timely basis. But once the staff was notified the situation was quickly rectified. Service is, on the whole, a little inconsistent (we had to request a promised &quot;welcome tray&quot;; one morning we were sent to the Executive Lounge for breakfast when the dining room was too crowded). However, I will without a doubt stay at this hotel again and I will recommend it to friends.	
Aug 8 2005	Excellent choice	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for 4 nights and found it to be excellent. It was modern and well priced, with a large room and comfortable bed, and good service. You can even walk to Buckingham Palace and Big Ben (or jump on the Tube if you prefer).The location is top notch - walking distance from Victoria Station. We caught the Bus from Luton Airport to the station (National Express) and it was easy. We then took the Gatwick Express train from Victoria for our flight out.We had a delay with our flight and unfortunately ended up at the Victoria Thistle Hotel as the Plaza was booked up. The Victoria Thistle was around the corned from the Victoria Park Plaza, and by comparison the Thistle was old, poor service, horrid bed and more expensive just to rub it in!We booked the Park Plaza on the British Airways Holidays website, but I think the Hotel has a price guarantee to beat any other offers, so it's worth checking it out. I wouldn't book a hotel on the BA Holidays phone service though - thats how we ended up at the Thistle which we really hated!We would stay at the Victoria Park Plaza again and recommend it if you want to stay in London.	
Aug 4 2005	First Class Hotel With A Great Location	Our family arrived at the Heathrow Airport just a few hours after the bombing on July 7. Initially we planned to take the coach to Victoria, but the bus service was running about 90 minutes behind schedule. With the closure of the subway system, we decided to take the train(Heathrow Express) to Paddington station, then took a taxi to the hotel. It was a big relief once we got there. Check-in was fast, and our executive studio was ready. The room was big and clean, and the king size bed was very comfortable. The bath room was well-equipped and very modern. Service was excellent all around. With the room upgrade, the English beaakfast was included. The food was good and plenty of fruits. The servers in the restaurant were verry friendly and helpful. Danny at the Concierge was extremely helpful. Before we left, I told him that I'd read some very nice things about him on this bulletin board. He was happy to hear that people do appreciate good service.Location for this hotel is perfect, just 2 min walk to Victoria station and 10 min walk to the Coach station. There is a mini market(Sainsbury Local) just 5 minutes away. And yes, there is a Starbuck inside the Victoria station too.We plan to go back in a year or two, and we will definitely stay at this hotel again. By the way, British Airways Holiday's website offers very competitive rate and easy to book.	
Jul 29 2005	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights the last week of June/first week of July 2005. The location was wonderful, one block from Victoria Station and with many restaurants and a nice grocery market within a block the other direction. The hotel staff was very helpful and accommodating. They were very pleasant to deal with and fixed any problem immediately. (The room keys seemed to stop working every day). There was some street noise from traffic and sirens at night, but not too much. The breakfast was OK, better at the restaurant than in the Executive Lounge. However, it is only worth it if you get it as part of a package or Executive upgrade. The hotel itself is ultra-modern and comfortable, nice rooms and nice bathrooms. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 27 2005	Absolutely Fabulous!!	Wonderful hotel. Staff most attentive to every detail - and friendly.Highly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants a great experience.Monica and Alison (Grandaugher )Day	
Jul 25 2005	Loved the Victoria Park Plaza	The time that I spent at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel was very relaxing. My trip to London was 12 July thru 18 July. After a very long over night flight from San Francisco all I wanted to do was get my shoes off and relax before exploring the city of London. Upon arrival at the hotel the room was ready and waiting. This was during the time after the London Bombing. With these event going on the staff was very helpful and friendly offering advice on the ways to get around town due to closures and advice on places to see and to have some meals.The room was comfortable and always cleaned to the best of standards.  I discovered upon arrival back at home that I have forgotten my dental nightguard in the bathroom and when I contacted the Victoria Park Plaza, they returned it by mail to me, and for that I am grateful. I would highly recommend to anyone to stay at the Victoria Park PLaza	
Jul 23 2005	Loved the Park Plaza	My husband &amp; I stayed in the victoria Park Plaza for just one night on 21st July 2005. We booked it through the 'price check' on trip advisor after reading all the other positive reviews. We both enjoyed our stay and we were really impressed with the standard of accommodation. We paid an extra £25 on arrival at the hotel which apparently upgraded our room. For this we got a full english breakfast, drinks in the executive lounge between 6pm - 8pm and upgraded toiletries. For £25 we thought it was quite good value. We have stayed at a few hotels in London and found this the best that we've stayed in for a 4star hotel. It's in a fantastic location, the staff are helpful and courteous, the food was good (dinner in the restaurant reasonably priced) and the room was clean, spacious and nicely decorated. I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone and we will definately use it again. Jennie, Kent.	
Jul 21 2005	Here when the olympics and the bombs happened!!!!!	We arrived on the 4th of july..around 11:00 a.m. Got a room right away(king) very nice ..loved the way lights wouldn't work without doorkey in slot...??? I brought my own washcloths because I had read ahead that they weren't furnished..yep!!! No plug-ins in bathroom....I had to curl my hair at the desk..no mirror ..so Husband had to tell me..Yikes!!! The bed was comfy..room very clean..(shower leaked every time but loved the ambiance of it....)I will recommend this hotel to everyone!!! Staff was helpful and pleasant..never really needed them till check-out time..Staff at breakfast were very courteous also. We just had the Continental Bfk. and it was plentiful for us......So a few flaws but I really will stay here again....Now about our trip...Luckily we saw everything we wanted to see the first 2 days.because the bombs went off on the 7th..We were just going down to the subway when the police stopped us and wouldn't let anyone down...I have never seen so many police in my life and police cars..ironically I never felt in danger..I guess I was stunned because this has never hit me this close before.. I was worried that we couldn't get homethe next day but everything worked out...WE enjoyed all the sights and hope to visit again...we would like to see the country side next time....thanks London for letting us visit...Oh!! the night of the bombing We were sleeping and we received a phone call from British Airways confirming that we were okay..I booked through them for our hotel but we flew Virgin Atlantic... I really think that was super of them to CARE!!!!!!!! Again WE loved the location of the hotel and it was convenient to everything..We could walk every where and We did......It was quiet (we were on 5th floor)looking at alley but we didn't care ..we weren't ever there...Thanks to all at VPP!!!!	
Jul 18 2005	Great Value	Victoria Park Plaza provides great value contemporary rooms in a very convenient location in central London. The room was a good size, was well equipped and clean. It is possible to walk to major London sights within 10-15 minutes but it you don't want to walk to tube is 2 minutes away. Service was okay. Photos on the web site are accurate. I would be very happy to stay there again.	
Jun 29 2005	Great hotel choice	Just spent four nights at this hotel, and can honestly say it has been the best London hotel I've stayed in. I go to London every year, meet up with friends and family. The Victoria Park Plaza Hotel is certainly one we will go back to. So comfortable, and the staff are really friendly. We had an executive room, and the use of the executive lounge - great informal breakfast setting - lovely food choices, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, toast, including danish pastries and fresh fruit. You can also go in the lounge during the day, grab a cup of coffee from the machine. From 6 - 8 it is open for nibbles and wine (a couple of glasses just to get you in the mood for the evenin). Bar staff friendly and made you welcome. The room was large and very comfortable - lovely decor and had everything you could ask for. The bathroom was huge with a bath/shower and also a separate shower cubicle - very modern. Altogether great value for money. Will definitely be back next year.	
Jun 28 2005	The flawless Park Plaza	My mother and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel in Central London for three nights this summer (2005), and I can honestly say that it was the best stay we've had in London, having visited the city two times before this year's trip. We upgraded our room to a studio room, including such amenities as immediate check-in (noon), english breakfast, daily newspaper, a large and comfortable room, late check-out option etc. etc.Everything in our room was working properly, the cleaning was good, and the beds were comfortable. Each time we contacted the front desk, we were given sufficient information/explanation, accompanied by patience and a smile. The breakfast was impeccable, and the Executive Lounge, where we retired for snacks, refreshments and a range of the day's newspapers late in the afternoon, was an excellent place of relaxation after a day of sightseeing.I hope to return soon - I'll recommend the Victoria Park Plaza!	
Jun 19 2005 	Very good London hotel	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza on June 15th. I was at a conference at the hotel - which has very good conferencing facilities.The lobby is spacious, light and very stylish, which describes the whole hotel. I love the modern art that's all over the place, including prints, sculpture etc. and also good flower arrangements. Had a good meal from room service and a nice breakfast in the executive lounge. Bedrooms are minimalist but the bed is very comfortable and the pillows excellent. The rooms are calming and whilst I didn't have a great view - looking over the inner courtyard - it was completely silent. Very nice bathrooms. Staff were all very pleasant. Location very convenient as you can walk from Victoria Station in no time. A very accomplished 4 star deluxe London hotel. Good deals can be found for this property. I am looking forward to trying the new hotel in the chain - the Riverbank Park Plaza.	
Jun 19 2005	Surprise Surprise!	Upon arriving in London after an overnight trip from America, we just wanted to get shed of our bags and get our feet on the ground. We arrived way before checkin time and they graciously took our bags and assured us that if we returned around 1:30 our room would be ready and it was! This hotel was just what we were looking for and as we travel to London at least 2 times a year, the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel will be our hotel of choice.	
Jun 16 2005	Great Hotel	Excellent hotel, in the top 3 we have stayed at in the world.Bathroom/ bedroom spacious and extremely comfortable.Food was excellent, as was locationAll in all lovely holiday in a superb hotel.	
Jun 15 2005	Great place 	We stayed here during Christmas and it was wonderful! We had our 14 year old son along with a friend who had never been to London. The rooms were great , get the excecutive deal for breakfast and hor deurves at night. It's well worth the money and the breakfasts are alone wonderful. Location is great right near Victoria Station, within walking distance to the palace and a great take away cheap Indian restaurant at the corner along with a great Italian restaurant down the road. No doubt we'll stay here again.	
Jun 14 2005	Great location great hotel	The Victoria Park Plaza is very modern and clean. The bathroom, in particular, was quite unique and had a useful fog-free mirror (although I didn't understand the 1/4 length shower door). The view from our room wasn't very good, but that wasn't a big deal to us.The location is great--very close to Big Ben, Parliament, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey, and Buckingham Palace. Withing walking distance of many more sites (e.g., Trafalgar square). Also, just a 1/2 block from a main tube station which is key to navigating London. Many restaurants and pubs close by too.Overall, a great place to stay in London if you're willing to pay a little more.	
Jun 12 2005	In the words of Tina Turner - Simply the Best	Never have I stayed in a hotel where everyone from the cleaners to the concierge greet you. It didn't matter where we were in the Hotel, the whole staff were wonderful and ALWAYS greeted you in a warm friendly manner. This really stood out to us as we have never encountered this anywhere else before and it was really appreciated. You felt welcomed and appreciated for choosing to stay with them. The Concierge's were a wealth of information and only too happy to help, suggest and advise. Danny in particular went out of his way to assist. Breakfast was a mass of colour and selection and it was fresh and well presented. Tea and coffee was constant served by friendly staff. Rooms were well presented, warm and inviting. Location was sensational. Train station, bus station on one corner, Internet access on another corner, great little curry house on another corner and general store opposite. Restaurant staff were courteous and friendly and meals were served quickly. Amenities were good, particularly business centre, even though we weren't there to use that, I will be recommending it for a conference centre to a number of people. Well laid out. We will be returning next year and I won't be spending any time looking for somewhere to stay. This will be our choice without question. I hope you too, if you choose here find it as good as what we did. And if not...tell them...I am confident that they would want nothing more to rectify any matter to meet customer satisfaction.	
Jun 12 2005	Simply the Best	My wife and I spent three nights at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel and we were impressed from the moment we checked in. We had booked 'room only' and were given the opportunity to take the 'executive package' which gave us breakfast each morning, which could be taken in the 'executive lounge'. This package also included complimentary wines, beers, coffee, tea and canapes from 6 - 8pm each evening, again in the executive lounge. The lounge was also available to you during the day when coffee and tea were available. Whilst unpacking our bags in our room a maid arrived with a complimentary tray of 'goodies' including chocolates,biscuits, platter of fresh fruit, slippers, bathrobe,bottled waters etc - all this for paying an extra £25 per day FOR THE BOTH OF US. We thought this was excellent value indeed.Our room was spacious with a king size bed and the bathroom was well equipped.The decor is very modern throughout the hotel. We found all the staff to be most welcoming - always greeting you when you met them throughout the hotel.We would CERTAINLY recommend this hotel to anyone spending time in London. It is centrally placed, within a five minute walk of Victoria train and Underground station. We will definately stay here again when we visit London.	
Jun 12 2005 	Good value hotel in convenient location	I travel to London regularly on business and have stayed in many different hotels. The Vicky Park Plaza is one of my favourites. It's consistently good -staff are helpful and friendly, room service standards are high. It's clean and modern - it might be a bit bland for some but you know you are going to get a nice, comfortable room. Quite comfy beds. Nice modern bathrooms of a reasonable size. Ask for a quiet room where you can't hear the traffic and you'll get a good night's sleep! Has a leisure club in basement. Breakfast is good - lots of variety. Very handy for Victoria Station and Tube. Lots of bars and restaurants within easy walking distance.	
Jun 9 2005	Excellent value!	We stayed at the VPP for 5 nights near the end of May, 2005. We booked a package thru British Air and found the hotel to be a fantastic value! Things that make this hotel : Location, Location, Location! It is a very quick walk to Victoria Station and any point in London we wanted to get to was an easy trip. The hotel is also very close to many major tourist attractions. Also on the Hotelink transfer we were the 2nd stop on arrival and 2nd last stop on the way back to the airport. Any type of store or service you might need is an easy few minutes walk and the area has a wide selection of restaurants and pubs to choose from.Our room was more than adequate and the beds were wonderfully comfortable! It was cleaned nicely and each day fresh towels came. The variety of elec. outlets was a great feature, as was the in room safe. During our visit the weather was very warm and the AC was a blessing.We ate breakfast (included) each day at the restaurant, though we did not have the &quot;hot&quot; food- the fresh fruit, juices, rolls, cereal, and the rest of the &quot;cold&quot; buffet was tasty and presented nicely. The coffee served with breakfast was horrible though, many days I could not even drink it, but would get a cup to go from someplace after we were out.Things that needed work: the front desk staff!!! Though many tried to get the customer service thing right, as a whole they are very young and not very experienced in how to deal with the traveling public. Rude behavior and/or flippant attitudes were a common theme. We encountered a few issues upon checkin and we had no recourse as each person helping become less competent and more rude! A real plus at the front desk however was Danny, the concierge. He was truly a gem -however off except for the for the last 2 days of our stay. Each and every suggestion he made was right on and in a very pleasant manner; the management needs to take notice and hire more the likes of him!I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel because overall the physical plant is what you are looking for, not the personality of those working the front desk!	
Jun 8 2005	Wonderful Break	we stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for a weekend in May. This is the 3rd time we have stayed at this hotel, and as usual, the standards were extremely high. The staff are always very friendly and helpful and the rooms are excellent. We have stayed now with two different sets of friends on our recommendation, and both have been very impressed with the hotel and the service and stated they would stay there again!Can't wait for another trip to London, we wouldn't stay anywhere else now!!!	
Jun 3 2005	An enjoyable experience!	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for a week in May 2005. Everyone was very helpful. The breakfast was delicious. The rooms were a good size and clean. The location was excellent - very close to Victoria Station. It was a very enjoyable experience for us and we would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London UK.	
Jun 2 2005	Great stay at the Park Plaza	We chose the Victoria Park Plaza initially because of its location as we were attending our son's wedding at the nearby Guard's Chapel adjacent to Buckingham Palace. For those friends and family visiting us at the hotel it was just a short walk from Victoria rail &amp; coach stations.The hotel exceeded our expectations the facilities were excellent with the added benefit of a secure car park. Once inside the hotel and away from the foyer the peace and quiet made it easy to forget its central location. The staff were friendly and attentive and always smiled even if just passing in the corridors.We would not hesitate to recommend it and plan to use it for our future London visits	
Jun 1 2005	Satisfactory Stay at Victoria Park Plaza	I was awarded a stay at this hotel through my bid on Priceline at a very reasonable rate. My husband and I stayed at the VPP for three nights. The modern decor did not particularly suit my tastes, but the room was spacious and included several amenities. I found the beds and pillows to be somewhat uncomfortable. The bathroom was quite nice with a large shower (hot water/good pressure). The room was clean but not impeccably so. We had an attractive view which included the tower of Westminster Cathedral which was lit up at night. Noise was not a problem at all. We did not have breakfast included in our rate, so we simply grabbed a croissant or pain au chocolat at one of the many grocery stores within the vicinity of the hotel. The location was excellent--only a 5 minute walk to Victoria Station. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would stay here again if the price was right, but I would not go out of my way to revisit the hotel.	
Jun 1 2005	A lot of hotel for a little bit of money...	This was our first time in London, (May 21-28) so we chose this hotel for convenience. There is an express train from Gatwick to Victoria Station, and you can walk to the hotel. The hotel is new and the decor ultra modern, which I didn't like, but I realize this is a personal preference. I like English decor and charm. I've heard the older hotels tend to have smaller rooms and walls can be paper thin. My husband was quite content here, as he does not care if there is a picture of the Queen hanging over the bed. The Victoria PPH was very quiet. The rooms are spacious, the bed was big and very comfortable. The bathroom is gorgeous. There is an ice machine near the elevator. If you are a business traveler, it is perfect - high speed internet access, every plug possible, and a business center. It's like having access to your office. One of the best things about this hotel is the price for its location. We paid 115 pounds a night, which did not include breakfast and tax. Compared to other hotels in the middle of London, it's a very good price. Buckingham Palace is within walking distance (about 6 or 7 blocks). The staff was friendly and professional, but not as knowledgable about London as I would have expected, as English was a second language for most of them. The area around the hotel seemed a bit seedy, because it's so close to the station. But the hotel was an oasis, and after sightseeing all day we were mainly interested in a good nights sleep. All in all it is a nice place to stay. Two thumbs up for convenience, space, and price.	
May 31 2005	One of the best !	I have stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza on numerous occasions and have found it to be one of the best hotels in central London. I have recommended this hotel to several business associates who, like myself, have been very impressed by both the location and general high standard of the hotel and it's facilities. All rooms are very well appointed and without exception staff are efficient, courteous and friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure, it's one of the best and I'll certainly be back.	
May 30 2005	Highly recommended!	My son and I just got back from our stay in London at the Victoria Park Plaza. We could not have ask for more in a reasonalby priced (by London standards) hotel. Our room was at the end of a hall around the corner from the lifts on the sixth floor and it could not have been quieter, in fact the whole floor was always quiet. The ice machine was just a few steps down the hall and the room itself was large (equal to US size rooms), with very comfy beds with cozy comforters and the bath was a good size with both function and decorative appeal. The room and hotel were both very clean and neat. All of the staff were very friendly, courteous and accomodating. We arrived on an early morning flight and could not check in when we first arrived at the hotel because a room was not ready. However, they were very kind and applogetic and ask us to ck back a bit later and they would try and have a room for us. they took care of our bags while we went out to explore and get a bite to eat. When we arrived back we were able to ck in about an hour early and this was much appreciated as we were exhausted from an eight hour flight and jet lag. The best thing was when they brought our bags up for us, as I didn't think I could lug them another step at that moment. When we arrived at our room and saw how appealing it was we were so relieved to be at a hotel we could relax in. I had anguished so much over choosing a hotel and I am so glad we did decide on Victoria Park Plaza. Also, if you are flying into Gatwick Airport it is very convenient to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express train. We would certainly stay there again!	
May 28 2005	great location	We stayed here for a week and it was absolutely the perfect location. Everything was within walking distance. The tube is within a block. Our room was on the second floor, so the only view was of roof tops. It was roomy and the bathroom was very nice. The only thing the room lacked was comfortable chairs. There was only a desk chair and after a long day of walking it would have been nice to have had a place to sit. We opted for the package that included the &quot;club room&quot;. We had a hot breakfast each morning, nice fluffy robes and slippers, a paper at our door, minimal snacks(a few pretzels or olives) each evening and beer or wine. It was especially nice to have a comfortable place to sit and relax--since there were no comfortable chairs in our room.The room was very clean. The decor is modern with an Asian infuence. We did not find the desk staff very friendly, although we really did not need anything. I did ask the concierge for recommendations for dinner and he was not helpful at all. Although this is a Radisson/Carlson hotel they do not accept Gold cards.There were lots of nice pubs within walking distance--lots of options for pub food dinners. We especially enjoyed the Cardinal.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel. In fact our children just went to London two weeks ago and stayed at this hotel and also had an excellent experience.	
May 26 2005	Modern Comfy Convenient Affordable and Fabulous!	What a nice change this was from the standard small &amp; old hotels during a concurrent visit to Paris. For the price and location of this chic, ultra modern hotel, it's a bargain compared to other pricey London hotels. A train station is conveniently less than a block away and getting around the city is extremely easy from the hotel. This is a sweet deal!	
May 19 2005	Great location	A great location!! Near Victoria train and tube station... Rooms are pretty good and if you search well you can get some good discounts online! Staff is friendly and helpful... We stayed here twice so far and will probably return in the future..	
May 18 2005	Location Location Location	We just got back from a three week European vacation which started in London. This was our second time to stay at this hotel. The first time was right after it opened in 2002. It is a great location. It is just a few blocks from Victoria station. I would have given it five stars, but the staff is fairly young and can be downright rude, so only 4 stars. The rooms are nice and modern. Also this was one of the few hotels I've stayed at while in Europe that has an ice machine. That doesn't seem like a big deal until you go 3 weeks without ice for soft drinks. They also have a very nice gym.	
May 17 2005	Convenient comfortable weekend stay	I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza with a friend for a long weekend. Very comfortable beds and extremely quiet with the window closed and the a/c turned to low. There was an ice machine right next to the elevators (these were good sized and working.) The desk staff were efficient and helpful (use the pay phone one level down rather than the expensive room phones.) Clean roomy rooms and good bathrooms (hot water, not very good pressure.) Nice exercise center - 2 treadmills, 2 ellipticals, universal machines and free weights, also personal trainer and steam room. Full English breakfast available every morning buffet style (watch for improperly cleaned china and scummy cream pitchers.)Very convenient location about 2 minute walk to the Victoria tube/train station. One day pass for zones 1 and 2 was 4.70 pounds. Can get crowded on the more popular lines and be prepared for a lot of underground walking.All in all, a great getaway in a very good hotel.	
May 2 2005	Great Hotel	My mother and I stayed at this hotel during the week of April 19. All of the reviews before were right on the money, very comfortable, clean hotel with a great staff. I highly recommend upgrading to the executive level (25 pounds extra per night). You get complimentary bathrobes, fruit basket in the room, and some extra goodies. The hot english breakfasts on the executive floor was very also nice. We were never available to go to the complimentry happy hour in the afternoon, but other guests said it was very enjoyable. As for traveling about, Victoria Station is less than three minutes away by foot, and most tourist sites are within walking distance. I must admit, it is not in the most beautiful area, but for the money you are saving...it is worth it.My only problem was the internet use, it was extremely expensive. But there are &quot;Easy Internet&quot; cafes all over the city for about two pounds an hour.All in all, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling on a budget.	
Apr 4 2005	Comfortable beds great breakfast	I stayed at the Park Plaza for a Stag weekend in April. The staff on the front desk were friendly, efficient and mainly from continental europe, but their English was very good. The rooms were spacious, the bathrooms clean and well appointed. The beds were very, very comfortable. There were some dried-up stains along the wall dividing the bedroom and bathroom, which looked like water damage. The breakfast was buffet style in a pleasantly open and airy resteraunt area just off the main lobby. There was an excellent choice of cereals, breads, toast, cold meats and of course, a full english breakfast.	
Mar 31 2005 	I'm going back	I stayed at the VPP this past summer and will be going back this summer. I got a great rate before (about $150 in July) and will be paying about $200 this year. The best thing about the hotel is the location. Just a couple of minutes walk from Victoria Station. But the hotel is also clean and comfortable. I didn't use the bar or restaurant, so can't comment on those. The hotel does have a/c, which is important to me (despite what people might tell you, London gets HOT in the summer), and ice machines (a rarity in London). The bed was also one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept on, and I travel a lot.	
Mar 22 2005	Clean nice-smile-service good location.	We stayed at the VPP in March '05, between 11th and 14th. Compared to the avarage London's hotel prices the VPP is a good deal and perfectly located.We got a really good deal through the Volareweb web site. If you fly in to Gatwick airport, VPP is perfect as the Victoria Station is just 3 minutes walking from the hotel. By the way from Gatwick if you're not in hurry and can take 7 minutes more by train I won't suggest Gatwick Express but the normal train that is cheaper and end off at the Victoria Train station as well.The hotel is clean and well organized. Breakfast is good and included (in our case). The little fitness center &amp; spa is a good chance to rest after a day spent visiting the city. The staff is nice and friendly. My only warning would be to be carefull for who has breath problems as the climate of the rooms is really too dry. More than 2 nights can create problems, especially if your have to take a flight immediaty after. Defenitly better the high floors!	
Mar 21 2005	Location Style and Price	I'm a repeat visitor to the Vic Park Plaza, having visited twice in Nov, 2004, after my first stay in Nov, 2003.In 2004 I shared a Twin Room with a traveling companion. It was not as large as my prior King-bedded room, nor with as large a bathroom. In both rooms the HVAC seemed tempermental so I'd be careful of this property in the dead of summer.The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms clean, the decor modern; VERY convenient to Vic Station, Gatwick Express, and Tube. Buck Palace, Westminster and other tourist destinations are within walking distance. Keep checking the British Air site for pricing... they tend to be better than the more common web reservation engines.I'd probably like the pricier hotels in London also, but this is at the top of my budget!	
Mar 17 2005	Great Hotel...especially if you fly in to Gatwick!	We stayed at the VPP in March '05. We have stayed in several London hotels in the past, and for the money this is a great choice. We got a really good deal through Orbitz which made the US exchange rate not quite so painful. If you fly in to Gatwick airport, VPP is very convenient as the Gatwick Express train only stops at the Victoria Train station...a short walk from the hotel, even with luggage! My only warning would be to try to avoid the lower floors on the northwest side of the hotel as there is a loading dock (not part of VPP) that can be noisy at night. One night, the noise went on from midnight to 1am! Again, this is not the hotel's fault, but just be aware if you are placed in the lower floors (We were on floor 3).We really enjoyed this hotel and found it to be the perfect location for exploring London...the tube stop at Victoria station makes for a quick jaunt to all the major attractions in London.	
Mar 6 2005	Fantastic stay	Friendly staff, very clean and extremely comfortable. The bed was HUGE! Stayed for one night only, would stay there again.	
Mar 1 2005	Great place to stay!	I just got back from my trip to Paris and London and i have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. First off, the staff go out of their way to make sure you're pleased. What ever i ask for in the hotel was looked after right way and within 10 mins. And they were very helpfull in picking out places to eat and directions to attractions. The only small knock i have is that the card for the room didn't work on day and i had to wait in line to get it re-programed. But that's happend in other hotels to so i didn't really mind. Like another poster said, BAhoildays have the best prices for this hotel. And it includes breakfast too. You just have to pay a small 3.00GBP fee if you want it delivered to your room. I would for sure stay here again and the location, price and staff can't be beat.	
Feb 25 2005	Quality Comfort Helpful .under one roof	I have had the pleasure to stay in some of the best hotels in the world, and some of the worst, I can assure you. The Victoria Park Plaza London was not about its design or its location although its compares with most.It was down to the high standard and service of the staff from the managers down to the porters nouthing was to much trouble for them, they just went out of their way to please you, recomending places of interest to visit and recomending local restaurants which did try to rip you off.Yes I certainly would give this hotel the top acolade for service keep it up.	
Feb 21 2005	Good value for money!	The good news is that this hotel has a great value for your money. I had on BAholidays which had a much better rate than expedia and other sites. Its in a good location from what I read about other hotels I was extremely satisfied with paying $150/night. The continental breakfast that was included was also very sufficient and served its purpose. If I were to be a bit picky, the towels weren't the cleaniest. The wireless internet was overpriced and I had trouble using it. I got logged out and could not log back in since I was not provided a username and password after paying 15 pounds.	
Feb 18 2005 	Good business traveller hotel - for now	Stayed here for one night. The rooms are nice, good size large bed, nice bathrooms. However this hotel is still quite new and it looks like the furnishings will get tired very quickly. Bathrooms are great and rooms contain all mod cons the business traveller needs. Hotel has average bar and breakfast for 4 star hotel.This hotel is a bed factory as demonstrated by the number of flight crews going in and out so don't expect anything other than the minimum level of service. During my one night experience, I did not get my wake up call or newspaper and my minibar bill was wrong!For anyone on holiday, be warned, there is very little in Victoria and as with everything else in London, taxis are extremely expensive!	
Feb 15 2005	prime locationgreat hotel	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in early feb.o5, I have been to london on two other occasions and stayed at other hotels . I wish I had found this hotel prior to those trips..what a great place to stay!!!!! room very comfortable,excellent staff ,prime location less that a five minute walk to victoria station. Anything you might need is very close by, currency exchange..places to dine or snack ,tourist info, there is a theater two minutes from the hotel. a great home base in which to enjoy you visit.	
Feb 4 2005	superb allround hotel experience	an outstanding place to stay with superb accommodation and excellent service. a fabulous hotel experience and highly recommended to anyone. wonderful food with plenty of it. excellent central london location close to all major attractions.	
Feb 3 2005	Victoria Park Plaza	My husband and I and our two teenage boys stayed here January 14, 15 and 16th, 2005. The hotel is very clean and contemporary. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom great. The only problem we had at all was that housekeeping kept forgetting to give us towels, glasses were dirty and so was the electric kettle. This wouldn't stop me from staying there again though. One of the other reviewers mentioned booking through British Airways and theirs was the best rate I found with advance booking.My son was glad to have internet access for his laptop - for a fee. I was peasantly surprised to find a U.S. electrical socket in our room because the converter I took with me didn't want to work. Our rooms had an electric kettle and instant coffee.We didnt eat at the hotel but stopped in at Sainsbury's (large grocery store a half block to your left as you leave the hotel) several times to get deli style foods and breakfast items. We even picked up the Sainsbury's brand coffee in individual brew disposable cups which were handy.We also ate across the street from the hotel where we had some good Portuguese style grilled chicken. Very easy access to Victoria station - we flew into Gatwick and got the Gatwick Express (38 pounds first class for all four us on the special 4 for the price of 2 via the internet). (It's the only thing we've ever been able to afford first class!). To find hotel when you leave Victoria Station turn right and go down about 1 and a half blocks. We also took the Original Bus Tour double decker bus/boat tour which we thoroughly enjoyed even tho it was rather cold. We got tickets from the hotel concierge and got on the bus just around the corner to the left from Victoria Station. All in all it was a lovely stay and I won't even bother looking for another hotel for my next stay unless their prices go way up.One word of advice - if you want to use traveller's cheques call ahead. We had trouble using traveller's cheques in shops in England and went to four banks before we found one that would cash them for us. Having just arrived from Portugal we had Euros and some shops would'nt take those either. Had no problem with either currency at the airport .	
Feb 2 2005	Wonderful Hotel!	Wow! Large, modern, clean hotel with plenty of restaurants nearby. We stayed here in October of 2004. Our room was very large and clean with Euro, UK, and 110v outlets. The bathroom was very nice and had heated mirrors above the sink and tub!The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is a very short walk to Victoria Station and there is a very large Sainsbury Market nearby. Not more than a mile from Buckingham Palace. Be sure to ask for a room that faces Big Ben. If we are ever lucky enough to get to London again this is where we will be staying.	
Jan 25 2005	Great location	Stayed here for two nights,ideal location for victoria station and the theatre, staff very helpful and willing, reccomend a stay.Dave Craddock, Southampton.	
Jan 21 2005	Fabulous place	Lovely hotel, great concierge, very helpful. Short walk to Victoria Station , it was just lovely!	
Jan 17 2005	Best 4 star hotel in London	I have used this hotel on several occasions now for both business and pleasure and have still found nothing bad to say about it!Its simply the best deal in London (if booked in advance). Great location beside victoria station and its on the doorstep of a range of great reataurants. If these dont suit then you are 5 mins by cab from the west end (or one tube stop from green park) and the delights of shepherds market in mayfair.The staff are very helpful and full of useful info on restaurants etc. I was recommended an Indian around the corner - told it looked awful but food was great - perfect description - I had to be carried home! Cant remember the name - just ask concierge.The decor is very modern which I love and the rooms are spacious and in immaculate condition. Book it and you wont be disappointed!	
Jan 4 2005	very surprised	My husband and I stayed here on our first trip to Europe and were very surprised. From everything we had read we had very low expectations for European hotels. The Victoria Park Plaza was extremely clean, and spacious. The beds were wonderful!! They also had a continental breakfast that was more than ample and filling. The hotel was close to Victoria Station which you can access all buses and trains to just about anywhere. My husband and I don't like to walk to the mailbox and we considered it close. We also passed a Pizza Hut and Burger King on the way!! Across the street from the hotel was a small convience store which we were able to purchase important items like chips and coke. The only complaint we had was that our room faced an alley area for several buildings and the garbage truck was outside banging around for close to an hour one night. I think every dumpster in london was in that alley!!!! This was an excellent hotel and if ever in London again we won't hesitate to stay.	
Jan 4 2005	Loved the Victoria Plaza Hotel!	After reading reviews on your website for many hotels in London, and researching deals, my husband and I chose to stay at the Victoria Plaza hotel in London. What a GREAT choice! It's a 4 star hotel--even by U.S. standards, it's 3 years old so everything is still nice and new, the service was outstanding, the continental breakfast was much more than we expected, and our room was perfect--queen size bed, nice bathroom. It's a very contemporary hotel (which is usually not my style), but it just added to the great London experience that we had. We got a great deal on the hotel (including breakfast) by going to British Airways website and booking through them (ba). The hotel is also across the street from Victoria Station, so if you fly into Gatwick you can take the Gatwick Express train directly from the airport to your hotel doorstep (costs about $40 each for round-trip). It's also within walking distance to the majority of London attractions--we recommend taking the Original Bus Tour, as well.	
Dec 21 2004	Victoria Park Plaza London	I work in Victoria, London and have decided to treat my Girlfriend and get her to join me over Christmas 2004.I have just finished visiting all of the big hotels in the area and checked out the rooms and facilities in every one. I can guarantee you this is by far the best hotel. You will also not save much by using the internet bookers, the best price I found was £101pn for the standard (superior) room on the web, but the hotel secured me £150 for a suite with seperate living area, beroom and large bathroom with bath and seperate walk in shower, which I must say is gorgeous. Decor throughout in all rooms is good, so if you do book via a web site don't worry about receiving an inferior room as is often the case in London.The hotel is sitated within minutes walk of 2 theatres, Victoria Main line, Tube and Bus stations, 10minutes walk to Buckingham Palace, 5mins tube ride to Oxford St, Regent St, Bond St etc for shopping and ideally located for Parliment and the wheel.The only downside of this hotel is that is has no pool, the Hesperia Hotel just around the corner does, well it's about 10m long (no jokes!) but this hotel is in the middle of a refurb, some rooms are good some are VERY poor, plus it costs more. Take your chances. If your staying in Victoria, stay in the Plaza, even if your strctching yourself, at least you'll be safe in the knowledge that you've got a decent, clean hotel.	
Dec 12 2004	Definitely a great place to stay	My son and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza from Dec. 4 through Dec. 10, 2004, and thoroughly enjoyed every part of our stay. The hotel is an excellent location, within walking distance of many of the primary London attractions, as well as being a very short walk to Victoria Station. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly--Dan the concierge is mentioned in another review, and we found him in particular to be extremely helpful and knowledgable. I did take advantage of the &quot;executive special&quot; for an additional 25 GBP per day and felt that it was a good deal--full breakfast, free wine and beer in the executive suite in the evening, plus (supposedly) a larger room--I would have to say I doubt that the latter was actually true, but we had an extremely nice room, so perhaps it was--small by U.S. standards, but typical for London. This is a very busy hotel that appears to have a sizable following among English and other European business clientele--my son and I especially enjoyed having a beer in the lobby bar in the evening and watching all the activity. It is a great place to stay at a very reasonable rate.	
Dec 5 2004	Clean and Convenient but BYO Supplies!	The hotel was clean and in a very convenient central location (literally around the corner from Victoria Station). We did seem to have a problem with supplies though. Stayed in a double room (2 twin-sized beds) and were given no washcloths, about four towels daily - barely enough for 2 showers, a hand towel and bath mat and we had to ask for toilet paper and tissues even after Housekeeping had serviced our room. Once, the Housekeeping staff even refolded our dirty towels and left them behind rather than replace them with new ones! Also, had a problem with a/c. London was experiencing unusually warm weather during our stay and room was very warm. Couldn't seem to cool the room down. Wound up opening the window all night for cool air. Concierge service was excellent and very helpful. Room service prices were outrageous though(ie. 5.50BP for a bowl of ice cream?!) and desk staff tried to talk us into a &quot;special&quot; rate when we checked in whereby if we paid an extra 25BP/day (almost 50USD), we, both guests, would get breakfast included. This is a ridiculous amount to pay for 2 people for breakfast/day so we declined. Save your money: There are plenty of cheap places to eat at Victoria Station and a small market down the street if you want fresh muffins, etc. for breakfast.	
Dec 5 2004	Perfect location and friendly staff	My friend and I just returned from a week at the Victoria Park Plaza and we had a wonderful time! The hotel was within walking distance to so many big attractions (London eye, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace) as well as the tube, grocery stores, restaurants and a cheap internet cafe. We felt the front desk staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Also the concierge Dan was wonderful in getting us theater tickets and reserving our afternoon tea. The room itself was clean and quiet. We felt we were very lucky to have booked this hotel and I would defintely stay here again.	
Nov 2 2004	Lovely London Experience!	We spent four nights at the Victoria Park Plaza hotel for our first trip to London and it was excellent. Not only was the quality of the hotel excellent but the location was just perfect! We left the hotel at 6 AM on the day that we were coming home and at 6:10 AM we were on the Gatwick Express train to go back to the airport. The close proximity to Victoria Station made it a snap to travel via train and the &quot;tube&quot;. We had the full breakfast buffet each morning and it was very well done. We will definitely return!	
Nov 2 2004	Excellent choice!	My mom &amp; I stayed at this hotel on two separate occasions during our visit to London in October. I have lived in London so I am very aware of the different standards compared to North America. I have also stayed in a number of hotels in London so I know what is out there. More often than not the hotels are not as great as they claim, sometimes the tiny rooms are so small that there is no space to put your suitcase, sometimes the bathrooms are so cramped that you can barely shut the door, and usually the decor/walls/paint/beddding are falling apart. This is not the case for the Victoria Park Plaza. I read the reviews for many months before staying here and researched everywhere else &amp; I assure you that it would be a good choice considering it is London. It is the best hotel I have stayed at in London. London as a whole is overpriced and you cannot expect the same standards as North America. Keeping this in mind, this hotel is a great choice. The hotel is in a fantastic location, good breakfast, standard American size rooms, no problems checking in early, friendly staff (although none seemed to be British), and the bathroom is incredible with glass counters, huge bathtub &amp; neat shower. The towel supply is sufficient for 2 people contrary to what you may have read by other reviewers. I would love to stay here again but without a web deal it may be too pricy.	
Oct 21 2004	Thank you Trip Advisor!	This was the best find! close to the Station..2 blk.walk. Tastefully appointed, good size rooms, above average bath and a real plus... closeline, iron and ironing board. My only wish is that they allow RESERVE for non-smokers! A class hotel and a great price.	
Oct 20 2004	Location Location	We recently stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in Sept. of this year. We booked our hotel room through Trafalgar Tours. This hotel has it all. Very clean spacious rooms. All of the hotel staff were friendly and courteous. It was a very quiet hotel and we heard no outside street noise at all. Best of all was the location. We were very close to Victoria Station where we were able to take the tube or buses to anywhere in London. Maps of London were posted outside of Victoria Station which enabled us to find the right bus to where we wished to go. This hotel is also located very close to Victoria Coach Station if you wish to travel by coach to areas outside of London. Buchingham Palace is also in walking distance of the Victoria Park Plaza.Another plu s about staying at the Victoria Park Plaza is its close proximity to the Sainsbury Food Market. Before coming to London we had heard horror stories about how expensive it was to eat in London. We discovered Sainsburys was only about one block from the Vi ctoria Park Plaza. At Sainsburys we purchased our main evening meal at their deli style counter. Hot chicken, ribs or pizza were some of the items available plus a salad bar area where you could choose from a wide variety of items. The store also carrie d a good selection of wine and beer. We were able to eat very cheaply at this market.Through Trafalgar Tours the room rate for my husband and myself to stay in Victoria Park Plaza was $250.00 per night. This was a most reasonable rate for London. We ch ecked out other hotels in the area and they were more costly, older with narrow halls and some had no elevator just steep steps to another floor.We would definatly stay at the Victoria Park Plaza next time we are in London. We had a very enjoyable experience in London and a lot of it was due to the fact we stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza.	
Oct 18 2004	Love it and high recommend it!!!	What a different feeling after 4 nights of smelly hotel in Paris. This one delivers exactly what it promised. Rather new and high-tech look hotel. Big room, big bed and the room have virtually all you need. After the bad taste in Paris, this one got my approval. I fully am recommending this hotel. It located near Victoria Station. Very convenient but their staff are rather inexperience. So be mindful on that. One incident, they sent away my airport bus shuttle without me because they thought the driver came to pick up someone who is not their guest. But they remedy quickily by complimented a cab for me to airport. Very very professional. So go for it and hopefully their management style remain no change or better.	
Oct 10 2004	Great Find!	We just returned from London and stayed at two different hotels. The first was twice the price of the Park Plaza and not nearly as nice. We arrived around 9am and our room was available. And it had a king sized bed! Room size was like your typical US major chain. Location was great. Close to the tube. Great Italian restaurant up the road across from the Apollo theatre. Breakfast was just ok and overpriced, but no more so than other hotels. With the web deals available, this is someplace we would definately stay again and tell our friends about.	
Oct 10 2004	Enjoyed Our Stay	Stayed at Victoria Park Plaza for eight nights in September/October 2004. Modern chrome and glass business hotel. Little atmosphere, but clean and efficient. Room was like mid price American motel.Pluses: Location. 1 block to Victoria Railway Station (underground) 2 blocks to Victoria Coach Station (tour busses). Concierge very helpful and didn't have his hand out for every little piece of advice. Found three good restaurants within two blocks-seafood, grilled chicken, Chinese. And there are other choices. Also Sainsbury's supermarket one block away.Minuses: (not very serious) Continental breakfast in lobby restaurant was adequate-no more. They offer a 4 pound upgrade to full English breakfast. Pass on the upgrade unless you like that stuff--most Americans would not. On site restaurant expensive and, well, they prepared the breakfast. Internet cafe one block--but it was dirty, scary and the equipment didn't work. Never did get my daily in room newspaper, though I asked twice. Note: Although the address is in Vauxhall Bridge Road, the entrance is on the other side of the building on Wilton Road--one block west.	
Oct 2 2004	Try the apartments	My wife, my baby son and I stayed here in a 1BR apt for 9 days. This hotel has 2 floors of apts on the top. Given that most London hotels offer small rooms and any room with 2 beds is typically stocked with twin beds, this was a much better set up. We had a full kitchen w/ fridge, microwave, dishwasher, and stove. We had 1.5 baths, 2 TVs and over 600 sq ft. They were also kind enough to bring up a pack and play crib. This price is what was comparable to many other 2 bed rooms in business hotels - so we felt it was a much better deal. Many others have already commented how convenient the location is. You can access trains, buses and the Tube at Victoria Station. The only thing that wasn't good was that the hotel only has 2 settings for climate control - AC or heat and until they've made a complete changeover (ie, every room changes from AC to heat in the late fall), you're stuck. It was cold in London in late Sept but only cool air came out. The hotel offered us space heaters instead. Anyone w/ small kids should consider the apt route and this place was just fine for that.	
Oct 2 2004	Ask for a key to the Executive Suite	Checked in at 7:30 a.m. Rooms ready!Great location near Victoria Station for tubes and trains. The Gatwick Express pulls in within walking distance to the hotel with your luggage (no cabs needed). This is a very good location for London sightseeing trips because of easy access to the Tube. I have been to London three times, and I highly recommend this hotel for location as well as other amenities.For Europe, a very nice sized room. American style. Excellent value; booked on Expedia.They upgraded us and our friends to &quot;executive&quot; rooms, which were very nice. We had a Queen size (not just full) bed, small couch, electric kettle for instant coffee and tea, plenty of closet space, drawers, hair dryer, iron, nice TV, big shower, etc. We were on Floor 2. Though facing a busy street, the window was very thick and noise proof. If you have stayed in a London or other Euro hotel, you know that this is impressive, though about standard for a decent U.S. hotel.Our friends got a room on Floor 1 with a key to the Executive Room that is on that floor. This was a BIG COUP! FREE hot breakfast (eggs, sausages, cereal, juice, toast, etc.) with waitress, pot of coffee or tea, some free beer in the evening, free internet and free papers. We all enjoyed it a great deal. (They let us in on their pass key.) Beg or bribe your way into a Executive Room pass key!I would definitely stay there again, especially if I could finagle that Executive Room key.	
Sep 29 2004	Victoria Park Plaza an exceptional hotel	My wife and I just returned from a 7 night stay at the Victoria Park Plaza. Our experiance could not have been better. The location of this hotel is ideal in Westminster, 5 minutes walk from the Victoria underground station. In Victoria station there is a large mall with a floor of restarunts all reasonably priced. A pub 1/2 block from the hotel between Victoria station and the hotel offers lively atmosphere ang good prices.Sainsburry supermarket is 2 minutes walk. The hotel itself is very clean and modern. The room we enjoyed for 7 nights was an executive level room on floor two. It featured an honest king sized bed plenty of storage, nice sitting area and large bathroom with both a separate tub and walk in shower. The decor is brittish modern with lots of glass and stainless accents. The room was very clean and well appointed with free safe, iron, complimentary coffee and tea, and of course a very overpriced mini bar. With our room we had full use of the executive lounge which included a FULL breakfast buffet although the selection was the same everyday. At night the lounge offered free beer and wine as well as soft drinks and snacks. We recieved the executive room upgrade for $30 american per day, in our minds this was worth it to get a hot breakfast drinks, and a king sized bed. We paid with tax $1525 for 7 nights september 17-23. When we visit London again we will make every effort to book this property again.	
Sep 28 2004	Classy Hotel with Style	We stayed at this excellent hotel because we were able to negotiate a great rate on the internet. The room contained a king size bed and all the amenities required. The included breakfast needs work though - the buffet choices never varied from day-to-day, and the quality of the hot food was disappointing. Desk staff were wonderful, as were most of the restaurant staff with the exception of one or two young women with disdainful attitudes to all customers. Victoria Station is close by, and it is easy walking from this hotel to many of London's attractions. We would definitely stay at this stylish hotel again providing we were able to obtain similar rates - and would happily recommend the hotel to anyone. Impressive!	
Sep 27 2004	Victory at Victoria	We just came back after staying at the Victoria Park Plaza for 4 nights. I thought the rooms were excellent, very modern and extremely tasteful. The bathroom was great, since it included both a tub and separate shower. The design of the shower, although very modern, allowed some leakage under the shower door which was a little problem, but not a major one. Location is excellent, a short walk to Victoria Station and the tube.Staff was extremely courteous and even got us a room early when we arrived. Very nice bar in lobby with interesting artwork everywhere. I would definitely stay here again....and the price was extremely reasonable for London. Too bad the rest of London wasn't so reasonable!	
Sep 17 2004	September 2004 stay	We stayed here for 4 nights the middle of Sept. Our first trip to London. Room was fine but we had to ask for extra towels. For a 4 star hotel towels were small and of poor quality. Staff was helpful and friendly. Location central to most tourist spots and tube a short walk away. Drinks and breakfast were overpriced. We would stay there again.	
Sep 17 2004	Good for the price I guess	Stayed here on my honeymoon at the end of March/beginning of April. Booked through an online travel sight as part of an air and hotel package. The price was right, paid about $100US for the room. They had no problems with an early check in of about 9am. I had requested a King bed room. I was given a upgrade to an &quot;executive room&quot;, but it had two single/twin beds. After being given two other rooms without King beds the two single beds were pushed together to make a King. The breakfast in the executive lounge was good, along with the free drinks in the afternoon. Great location! About like the average Hampton Inn in America as far as room size goes.	
Sep 16 2004	we stayed for 7 nights great hotel in a great location would reccomend to anyone	we stayed for 7 nights, it was realy great, ina terrific location 3 minutes from metro and trains, 10minutes from the palace, and 3 minutes from two live shows and restrauants	
Sep 6 2004	Awesome Stay - Very convenient	We stayed at this hotel in late July for 4 nights and we just loved it. We were in London after 2 weeks touring Southern England. This has to be one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed in. Very clean, staff were friendly but not pushy or overbearing. The room is very nice...bed extremely comfortable, clean, modern bathroom. Great location (especially if you are coming in from Gatwick as the Express comes into Victoria Station a mere 3 minutes walk). You can also pick up taxis from the stand at Victoria Stn. although this is extremely busy at rush hour. While staying here we were able to walk to Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, London Eye, Buckingham Palace etc. There are also quite a few theatres around this area. Food places in the area tend to be a bit boring and are mostly chains but hop the tube and within minutes you are in more interesting areas like Covent Garden or Leicester Square. Stay here if you have the chance for sure!	
Sep 4 2004	Perfect in more ways than one	A friend and I traveled to London in March, 2004. After staying in overpriced, cramped hotel rooms in Paris and other parts of London , I was so relieved and happy to be at a hotel that was clean, comfortable, roomy, trendy, and well-located. The service from the staff was above average, and I have recommended this hotel to a few friends. It is by no means the Ritz, however, it is moderately priced and offers more than you pay for compared to other hotels in London.	
Aug 30 2004	Towels are like golddust	The rooms in the Victoria Park Plaza are spacious by London standards. The staff are pleasant, but certainly did not display the exceptional qualities highlighted by some of your reviewers. In the final analysis, however, I accept that such evaluations of consumer service are essentially subjective.I paid £145 sterling (inclusive of taxes but exclusive of breakfast) a night for my room in the Victoria Park Plaza. Given the room rate, I found it surprising to discover that the towels for the bathrooms are like golddust and that - instead of supplying me with fresh towels on the second day of my stay (the 25th of August) - the staff simply folded the old, slightly damp towels and replaced them on the towel rack. I know of many more reasonably priced hotels in which consumers are at least given the option of requesting clean towels every day. The billing policy operated by the Victoria Park Plaza is out of kilter with that employed by several hotels. Usually, when I buy goods and services in London, I am billed in Sterling and my bank or credit card company converts the Sterling bill into Euro and this is reflected on my credit card invoice. The Victoria Park Plaza took it upon themselves to convert my Sterling bill into Euro and to bill my credit card company in Euro. This would have been fine if they had given me a favourable rate of exchange. But the rate of exchange used by the Victoria Park Plaza was less than competitive in the light of prevailing exchange rates. My warning to consumers from Euroland and the U.S.A. is that they should not be prepared to allow the hotel to convert Sterling bills into their local currencies unless they are satisfied that they are receiving a competitive exchange rate deal from the Victoria Park Plaza. In conclusion, the hotel is conveniently located, five minutes walk away from the Victoria underground and railway station. All in all, 'average' would be the fairest description I could attach to this hotel.	
Aug 22 2004	Value Location	Two rooms for a recent four night family visit. Both were clean and everything functioned properly. The location is excellent of course and the staff were friendly and helpful. Several nearby pubs (try The Elusive Camel) make the location even more desirable. Good value.	
Aug 20 2004	fab a dab a doos	excellent value,friendly and very helpful staff, beautiful rooms, with airconditioning. restaurant excellent, no complaints from any of our party of five. Will be returning at a later date thats for sure. thank you all for a very enjoyable stay at your hotel. yours sincerely mr K G O'Neill	
Aug 17 2004	Good Location - Helpful Staff	We flew into Gatwick and took the train directly to Victoria Station. It was wonderful that the hotel was only a 5 minute walk since we had flown overnight. They were kind enough to give us a room at 8 in the morning. We changed and headed out for the day, trying to avoid jet lag. Came back to the hotel at 8 in the evening and the room was like a sauna - After a half an hour of trying to get someone to come and look at the air conditioning they upgraded us to a mini-suite. New room was wonderful.Next morning left to catch a cruise ship in Southampton and again within 5 minutes we were at the Coach station with buses directly to the pier- Extremely convenient.Hotel is relatively new and very clean	
Aug 15 2004	Friendly	Stayed here for two nights in September, 2003, which is, granted, far from high season. The location, two or three blocks from Victoria Station (and within walking distance of many of your standard London must-sees), is excellent particularly if you are planning to make heavy use of the tube; Victoria is on three very key lines (hotels near South Kensington/Earl's Court are also good this way). The rooms are nothing special, about the standard of a four star American hotel. The staff was very friendly. Worth it, particularly at the USD 125 we paid through hotels.	
Aug 10 2004	Great staff Great location Great hotel	We just returned from a wonderful week in London for our 25th Anniversary. (July 31-Aug. 7). WE enjoyed our stay at the hotel and the staff was very helpful helping us to get around and excellent restaurants. We were locat by either easy to walk to or easy access by the subway. If we ever get a chanceto return we will definately be staying here again.	
Aug 10 2004	Simply Grand!	We had the pleasure of staying at the hotel over Christmas and New Years and had excellent service. We arrived very late on Christmas Eve and the kitchen stayed open and made a special meal for us. Unheard of in London! The rooms were grand in comparison to most and the staff very helpful. We will be staying again	
Aug 10 2004	Love the Hotel Excellent value for money	The hotel was great. Excellent location just 2 mins from Victoria underground station. The restaurant serves great food and the coffee shop in the hotel serves great coffee and sandwiches.Pricewise i got a great deal for what i wanted. The room was big and was cleaned daily. The TV has plenty of channels to watch and the staff were really nice. I will definetely go back and strongly recommend it to business travellers.	
Aug 10 2004	the victoria park plaza is the best location in london	We chose the Victoria park plaza in london because of its location, and we chose the right one. you can actucally walk to Buckingham palace, and the magnificent Westminster abbey, and many other attractions also. It is also just a two block walk from the victoria tube station, and the golden tour bus line which we booked 4 tours from.the people at the front desk were very helpful, at any hour of the night, and they even let us check in at 800 am. the rooms were nice, and comfortable, and the lifts worked fine. The only part I did not like was the restaurant, but there are many restaurants within a couple of blocks , so thats ok , on a scale of 1=10 this gets a solid 8. we will stay here if we go back to London, a Great city.	
Aug 9 2004	Not worth it	Stayed July 2004. This hotel is very over rated. It is at best a 2 star hotel. The rooms are very small, there is constant porno on the tv and when asked the staff to block the porno, was given another porno channel instead. There is no coffee in the room and in fact u have to cross the street to find any. The rooms are not cleaned properly unless u complain and towels are guarded like gold, beds are changed only when asked. I would not stay here again, for the price, not worth it.	
Aug 1 2004	Excellent for London	Stayed 29-31 July 2004 due to a fabulous deal via lastminute.co.uk. The hotel was spacious and modern, much better than any other London hotel i have experienced. Handy for the tube and a five minute stroll down to the Tate gallery on the banks of the Thames. We got the continental breakfast included which was priced at £13 pppn full english was an extra £4... a bit steep.. but hey it's London!! Most of the staff seem to be foreigners working overseas.. i read some reviews of guests having problems with staff but not in my case, everyone i spoke to was friendly and polite I would definately stay here again next time i am London	
Jul 26 2004	really nice	We got a reservation through Travelocity, which was a lot less expensive than through Expedia--we don't know why because usually it is the opposite. The hotel is very well located (near Victoria Station). In addition, the staff was nice and attentive.The breakfast prices (full or continental) were quite a bit expensive. But the room was nice and comfortable, large for European standards, and clean. We would go back to and recommend this hotel.	
Jul 22 2004	Fantastic Hotel...Can't wait to go back!!!	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza from July 11-16, 2004. The hotel is beautiful and the staff is amazingly helpful. The room is surprisingly large and the bathroom is great. The continental breakfast consisted of breads, cereals, fruits, and cheeses. It was more than enough so we didn't feel the need to upgrade to the full breakfast. We had dinner one night in the hotel restaurant. The food was fantastic, but a bit pricey. (isn't everything in London pricey?) The location near Victoria station is perfect. The tube makes it so easy to get around. I can't say enough positive things about this hotel. I will definitely stay in this hotel on my next trip to London.	
Jul 22 2004	Wonderful Hotel	My family of 5 spent four nights at the Victoria Park Plaza in June. The location was ideal for tourists - an easy walk to Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey and Parliament. It is also literally around the corner from Victoria Station...so all of London is easily accessible from either the train or the tube. The hotel itself is attractive, clean and extremely comfortable. My family does quite a bit of travelling and we rank the Victoria Park Plaza beds at the very top of our favorite list! Rooms are well-equipped and modern. The staff was very helpful and accomodating. Our request for a cot (our 3 children shared a room) was met instantly. Staffers also directed us to various restaurants and tourist sites and were extremely helpful and courteous. All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel and plan to stay there again the next time we're in London.	
Jul 21 2004	Victoria Park Plaza	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza from June 30-July 3/04. It was a perfect location for us as we wanted to be near the Victoria Coach Station to board the bus to Harwich. The tube and bus station is about a three minute walk. Our room was very clean, a nice size with a king bed, and modern by North American standards. They had newspapers available to read, very helpful concierge. There is also an internet cafe just down the street across from Victoria Station. If you turn left outside the hotel there are a few great reasonable restaurants and a fabulous grocery store.	
Jul 15 2004	We loved the Victoria Park Plaza	My wife and I stayed at the hotel for 8 nights in June and July before and after a cruise. It was all that we had hoped for from all the positive reviews we read on tripadvisor. The room was excellent and quiet on both stays. The bathroom was spotlessly clean with a wonderful tub and shower. If you want washcloths, just leave a note for housekeeping because they are not automatically supplied with the towels. The higher the floor the less chance of hearing any outside traffic. We were on the 7th floor before the cruise and on the 4th floor after the cruise and both rooms were equally wonderful. There is a safe in the closet which is large enough to hold a laptop. The location was also the best we could have hoped for. It was a five minute walk to the tube at Victoria Station and convenient to a supermarket, just down the street from the main entrance. An internet cafe that only charged one pound for 35 minutes is across from Victoria Station and a great inexpensive pub which is also called a freehouse is just up the street from the hotel. The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful with any questions that we had. We never ate in the restaurant which seemed to be very overpriced. but a small coffee shop just off the lobby was very good for early morning coffee. We would definitely stay here again on any trip to London.	
Jul 14 2004	Great great great hotel	just got back from this fantastic hotel &amp; have already told 5 friends they must stay here.anything negative you've read on this website about this place is total trash. anything positive you've read is the absolute truth. the location,staff,amenities,bed,bathroom,surroundings everything is top shelf. i can't say enough good things about this place. we were thrilled. there is no other hotel i'd stay at when in london. it was GREAT!! DO IT!!	
Jul 12 2004	Great location good for the money	Loved Victoria Park Plaza - very modern, clean, friendly staff, except for the bartender. Very close to Buckingham palace - on a quiet street, yet near all the major attractions. Highly recommend when they are running specials and have rates below $150/night.	
Jul 11 2004	best deal in London great new addition to a great city	Great new hotel. A true find in London. we got the internet special rate, and were so pleasantly surprized to check in to this modern and wonderfully located hotel. The bathroom and shower is an experience, and the nice little touches like the coffee service, the mirrors with steam proof areas, the huge king size bed, and the comforter coverlet were all appreciated. Also appreciated was the friendly and informative staff. LOVED the little coffee barista on the lobby level, and the seats outside...not usual for hotels in big cities. Try the new super, super market that opened a hop and a skip away from the hotel. Also a hop and a skip is some of the major sights in London (Westchester Cathedral and Abbey, Parliment, Big Ben, The London EYE, the Tate, ect)..We are looking forward to our next stay in London, and our next stay at this fine hotel	
Jul 8 2004	Will Go Back!!	My husband and I stayed here in late June, 2004 and were thrilled. To begin, the location was amazing. We flew into Heathrow Airport and took the Heathrow Express to Victoria Station. It was about a 2 minute walk to the hotel which was great! On the first day we were there we were jet-lagged and wanted to take a “small” walk. On this small walk we were able to get to Big Ben, Parliament, the Millenium Eye, and Buckingham Palace. Not bad for a leisurely stroll! On our second day I took another “stroll” while my husband was still sleeping and walked to beautiful Hyde Park (to see the new memorial to Princess Diana) and Harrod’s. Next, the room was of decent size and very clean, with a safe and iron. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was very quiet and air-conditioned which was nice because it was quite warm while we were there. The bathroom was clean and modern. The only thing that through me for a loop was that there was only a partial shower door so I did get some water on the floor during my first shower! An elderly person would probably have had trouble entering the tub as the walls were high. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. I had read some reviews on this site saying that the staff was “cold” or “rude” and I found that to be far from true. There was certainly no one who came running over to offer up information but everyone was very animated when we approached them and asked a question. We asked several times for directions and they were always very clear and detailed. We asked twice for recommendations on restaurants. Both times they took the time to question us back about our specific likes/dislikes/etc. and provided great recommendations. One staffer stopped short of asking us how much we were looking to spend and phrased the question “what were you hoping to wear to the restaurant tonight” which I got a kick out of! We ate one quick meal at the hotel bar which was adequate food but over-priced. The breakfast menu was over-priced as well, and we didn’t even attempt to eat it. The little café attached to the hotel was quite good though for a quick sandwich, fruit smoothie, or gourmet coffee. I highly recommend it. The hotel fitness room was also adequate. It had several machines and free weights and was clean and spread out. Every time I used it, I was alone so that was nice!I would certainly stay here again!	
Jul 6 2004	Great value	My husband and I booked 4 nights at the Victoria Park Plaza over the Internet. We were a little suspicious of the very low rate but were thrilled to discover a very comfortable, clean and quiet hotel room in a terrific location. The room was large; the king-sized bed was quite comfortable. The bathroom was clean and modern. Staff was helpful and friendly. We'll definitely go back!	
Jul 5 2004	Not so good after all	Good location, but a few faults...As expected, the rooms were modern and stylish, especially the bathroom which was clean and spacious. I expected a few quirks though. The minibar was locked as expected and I did not bother to ask the front desk at all after reading about the attempts by other travellers. I tried to boil water using the in-room kettle but found it very dirty. Housekeeping wasn't very helpful in helping to change for a new one. The housekeeping service wasn't thorough enough. I had to leave notes for the housekeeping to look at certain areas. The worst was the last day when the concierge informed me of the wrong airport terminal from where I was supposed to depart from. Front-dest staff weren't very friendly to Asians and rather laid-back.	
Jul 2 2004	I will certainly stay here again!!	My husband and I stayed here in late May-early June, 2004 and were very pleased. Choosing my headline to say that I will certainly stay here again is (in my opinion) the most accurate way to describe how much I enjoyed my stay because he thinks I am too picky! He had booked a hotel in London that TripAdvisor users were not kind to and I promptly cancelled that reservation and booked at the VPP. I am so glad that I did!First of all, we flew in to Gatwick Airport and took the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station. We were happy to see just how close the hotel was to the station...not just because we were carrying luggage, but every time we went out for the day, we took the tube. Victoria Station has 2 tube lines, the District and the Circle to get you around the city, or to another tube line. On a slow day, it took us about 5 minutes to walk there. The location could not have been better! (note there are a lot of good restaurants in Victoria Station, too!)Next, the hotel itself. The concierge guys were so helpful and friendly. They knew the area and even were concerned about helping us save $$$--we wanted to use the internet service in the hotel's business center...they sent us down about a block by Victoria Station to a little internet cafe that was so much more economical. Great way to keep in touch with home at about 2 pounds for about an hour of internet time. They could have kept their mouth shut to pay them 8 pounds for 15 minutes. When employees help me out that way, I give my thumbs up to them. And finally, the room. I was concerned...after reading other hotel reviews about how small London hotel rooms are, the bathrooms...but not a problem here! Plenty of room for us and a nice sized bathroom. Always kept very clean. The room has a safe and iron, as well as a US (and other countries') outlets. The bed was extremely comfortable. We would even rank it up there with the &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed at the Westin or Sheraton. The rooms were also very quiet and we faced the main street. Could not hear the other guests in the hall way, either.I cannot speak for the food at the hotel...we went to the small store across the street from the main entrance for snacks/drinks and ate at restaurants around and in Victoria Station. If you are in London for a week, make sure you buy a weekly tube pass for the best deal. The hotel is in walking distance to Buckingham, Parliament, etc....though bring good walking shoes, the best way to get around is to walk!As I started off, I would certainly stay here again and I have told many of my friends and collegues that are planning London trips to stay here.	
Jul 1 2004	Above average	Our 3-night stay at the Victoria Park Plaza was good, but short of great. The room was a perfect size, despite our expectations for a typically small &quot;European&quot; room. The bathroom was outstanding, so no complaints there. The location, as previously mentioned, couldn't get any better. Just a few annoyances made the stay less than spectacular -- a noisy pub across the street (not the fault of the hotel mgmt, of course) and a rather &quot;stiff&quot; staff, personality-wise. I suppose it could be chalked up to an American expecting a British person to be chatty... but it would have been nice to see a smile once in awhile. Anyway, overall, a very good experience, and definitely worth the money (found a great rate on the Park Plaza website).	
Jul 1 2004 	Excellent hotel!	I stayed for 6 nights recently and found it to be one of the best hotels I've stayed at in the UK. The front staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean and modern (something very hard to find in Europe) with frosted glass bathroom doors, new furniture and a room safe which is so handy with passports, cash, airline tickets and all.I had read some complaints from previous reviews about the staff, pillows, towels, etc., but found no problems with any of these. My room was on the 6th floor with views of the London Eye and Big Ben.Being a short distance to Victoria Station was perfect for touring and it was an easy walk to beautiful Hyde Park.This hotel is great!	
Jul 1 2004	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel for four nights and found it to be in the best location. We walked everywhere. The rooms were clean, comfortable and nicely decorated, and the reception and concierge very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay here again. It was great.	
Jun 28 2004	Great Hotel!!	This is a great hotel. We stayed here twice during our visit to Europe, once for a week at the beginning of our trip and then an additional 2 days at the end. It is a new hotel and very modern. We chose a standard room and it was great. The rooms are large, clean and have all modern facilities. The bathrooms have glass countertops and a speaker so you can hear the TV while taking a shower. The shower door was a little odd as it was just covered a small portion of the shower, but it worked fine. The hotel is in a great location, walking distance to the Victoria Tube/Bus/Train Station that will get you anywhere you want to go. There are many restaurants, pubs and shops right in the area. It is also in walking distance to Buckingham Palace and many other attractions, if you don’t like to walk you can take the bus/tube anywhere you need. We found a little store across the street that we went to almost every day to get water and snacks. We had a nice view of the London Eye and rest of the city from our hotel room. We had no problems the whole time we were there and would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 28 2004	Mixed Reviews	Spent 5 nights at this hotel in late May/early June of 2004. The first room was lovely -- very sleek, clean with large comfortable bed. Upon returning after a few nights away, we were given a room that left much to be desired! The carpet had greasy looking stains, something we would never put up with at home! Left us a bit depressed. The staff was very cooperative, and we were allowed to check in very early on the day of our return. They gave us keys to the executive room to make up for our complaints regarding our earlier stay. As for meals, their room service delivered one of the best salads I've ever eaten. The full breakfast in the restaurant, however, was extremely overpriced.I would return, but would be very specific about my needs and desires when booking -- and ask to see the room before accepting it.	
Jun 27 2004	Great Hotel for our vacation!	My wife and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza for a week! Everything was perfect! Close to the tube, big rooms, clean good service! Let us check in early! (10 AM) It was our first time to London so we were so happy to get US sized rooms and no problems! Many business people stay there but it is still great for a vacation! Would stay again!	
Jun 24 2004 	Worked Well	My business partner and I stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza in May and found it worked well for the reasons we chose it: 1. location 2. business services 3. new &amp; clean.1. We used the Underground from Heathrow to the Victoria Station, with just a short walk to the hotel. The station was handy for our daily route to Olympia, plus got us easily to other areas of the cityAccess to the Gatwick Express is also good.2. U.S. plus outlets let us recharge our cell phones; having a safe, hairdryer and iron helped too3. Avoiding mystery smells and grime is a good thing.Other comments: Front desk staff was too busy to be friendly but helped when asked; rooms are small, but good size for the city and rate. Lounge is comfortable. There are decent food outlets nearby.	
Jun 23 2004	Cant fault the place	Having just returned from a four night stay felt compelled to write and express our view on the VPP, excellent....everything we needed was there, flowers and champagne which I'd organised in advance for my wife's birthday, comfortable room on first floor looing into the courtyard area, pleasant staff and prompt room service etc, the gym with the sauna and steam room was good as well. The wife loved the triple sized bed....we are going to buy one of these for when the kids keeping jumping in the bed. Location good for getting about.	
Jun 23 2004 	Compared with other London hotels this is very good..	Have stayed in numerous hotels in London and this hotel is a league above the vast majority. Rooms are clean, modern and spacious, with air-conditioning.Bathroom was cool, glass sink unit and good showers, one over the bath and a separate unit.Tea/coffee facilities in room.Breakfast not impressive, but have had far worse! Very convenient for Victoria bus/rail/tube. Marks and Spencer Food outlet at station open until 11 most nights selling beer, wine etc at far better prices than mini-bar.Would definitely recommend and will be using the hotel again. Got excellent rate via laterooms.	
Jun 23 2004	Very nice hotel	This hotel is in a great location for all modes of transportation. If you like walking, you will be within walking distance of several of the popular sites. The rooms are nice and comfortable, the restaurant is not so great. If I ever get back to London I'd stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 20 2004	Watch Out for the Victoria Park Plaza	My first stay at this 4 star hotel was very bad. I asked for a quiet room and was given a room across the street from a noisy Pub. Loud Music and Euro 2004 football patrons made for a bad night. The room smelled of rotton eggs or worse. Trying to change the room led to nothing but an exasperated look from the staff. The location was very good. Just a few minutes from Victoria Station, which kept it from being a total loser.The Full English Breakfast at $17.50GBH was a disastor. Loud rock and roll music played and when I asked if it could be turned down, it was, then turned up again. The frieds eggs were not done and the scrambled so watered down, I was amazed. Very little other food was on the buffet. The coffee was excellent. When I told the Manager of my unhappiness he wanted to argue that I should have mentioned this to him earlier so he could have had a custom breakfast made for me. I spent the next 3 days in Shropshire in a delightful B&amp;B and when I returned for one more night at the Victoria Park Plaza (prepaid), I was given a beautiful upgraded room in a quiet courtyard, that did not smell. The breakfast, though not worth the price was at least edible. 	
Jun 14 2004	Great stay in London!!	Our stay in London the last week of May was wonderful, due in part to our hotel. The location was great; within walking distance of Parliament, Buckingham Palace, and other popular attractions. This hotel is also close to Victoria station, which made it extremely convenient to catch trains, buses and metros. The hotel is contemporary, and the rooms are sizeable. There are American electrical outlets in the rooms, which came in handy for us. The service at the bar left much to be desired, and the breakfast was really expensive for what was offered, but I would still highly recommend this hotel. (One note; there really are no wash rags left in the rooms, and thanks to this website, we packed our own. I would suggest this idea to others as well.)	
Jun 10 2004	Location great hotel average	I booked this hotel through British Airways based on the rave reviews here. I was rather disappointed as my room wasn't huge, though I did get a room facing the street as I asked. It was a smoking room but fortunately I couldn't smell the smoke and left the window open at all times.There was quite a lot of dirty marks on the hallway carpet and in my room, along with other signs of neglected wear and tear. The sink was slow to drain until I took out the stopper. The clothesline link was put in backwards so you need to step into the bathtub to pull it out and latch it (or maybe I'm just too short).The breakfast was a standard London continental service but some of the fruit was left out too long.I did appreciate the proximity to Victoria station, eating places all over, a Sainsbury grocery store and an internet cafe all within five minutes walking distance.	
Jun 9 2004	Great Hotel!	Great Hotel, Perfect Location, Spotless. Had a wonderful time	
Jun 5 2004	Perfectly modern	The Victoria Park Plaza Hotel is pefect: -perfectly located (near the Victoria train station  and tube) -perfectly modern, and beautiful in every way, especially the bathroom and glass accents -perfectly helpful staff (they allowed me to check in at 10:00 AM!) -perfectly quiet and comfortable -perfectly priced, considering how much hotels are in London. 	
Jun 4 2004	An unbeatable value in the heart of London!	Booked via their website at 79 pounds a night and was blown away. The hotel reminds me of time spent in Tokyo as everything is modern and sleek (although sometimes not very practical from a user standpoint) The rooms were clean, was allowed to check in early and the location is spectacular as the central station with the tube lines is a 3 minute walk out the door. One issue I have is that the desk could not answer a question about recieving VAT back because &quot;I never did it myself&quot; answered the British European Union citizen. Don't waste your money or palate on the resturant. Aside from that everything was wonderful. 	
May 31 2004	The best deal we had in Europe	I booked this hotel for a three night stay based on reviews I read on Trip-Advisor and what a great deal (booked on internet). It was truely the nicest hotel we stayed at in Europe (and we paid $400 for a hotel for one night in Paris). It was clean, had a wonderfull bathroom and was comparable to hotel room sizes in the U.S. It was so nice to see a real ice machine and not be afraid to use it. The only complaint about our room was that the beds were terribly soft, but after three weeks of sleeping on hard beds, it was &quot;almost&quot; nice. Breakfast is very hardy, but make sure you get it included, otherwise it is 12 pounds per person. We took the buses or tube everywhere. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
May 31 2004	Fantastic London Hotel	This was mine and my boyfriends first trip to England, and what a great time we had. The capital is fantastic with great history and culture, and plenty to see.Victoria Park Plaza was an excellent choice in hotel. Great modern facilities, with a wicked open planned lobby, reception, bar and resturant - and a very nice gym in the basement, with a sauna and steam room.The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. A tall handsome chap with short dark hair (sorry can't remember your name) was keen to ensure that we were given a great room for a week long stay, and was totally unphased by the fact that two guys wanted to share a king size bed.The room itself was clean and spotless, great size and fantastic bathroom with a big tub and seperate shower cubical. Nice toiletries and soft towels. Great maid service.We didn't get a chance to eat in the restuarant or bar, cause we decided to eat out every night, but the breakfast was really tasty every morning.The only downside was that we booked over the Park Plaza website and it didn't state that tax was not inclusive... we only found this out on check-in, so the room price was more than we expected. Perhaps something they could think about and either make it more clear or more importantly include it in the room price!Thanks for a great stay.	
May 28 2004	great hotel	I recently traveled to London with my daughter. We loved the hotel. The bathroom and the shower were sparkling clean and the room was large enough. Location was great. The pastry at the small deli attached was great also. The hotel bar was wonderful after a day of sightseeing to relax and read or write postcards. Not a lot of channels on tv. Staff was helpful and friendly. I would definately stay there again and highly recommend it.	
May 28 2004	Fantastic VALUE Hotel	Top value hotel in a central location. Had no hiccups whatsoever. The rooms were spotless and the hotel seemed brand new which is something of a rarity in London. One tip - don't get breakfast included but instead go out the hotel entrance and turn left then walk up the street and there are a few excellent breakfast places. 	
May 20 2004	Another happy guest	I have been watching the reviews for 5 months now so I had a pretty good idea what to expect. The hotel truly is in a most convenient location (you can walk to many of the major attractions and the Tube is less than 2 blocks away. We had only a basic twin room (no executive extras), but the room was large and comfortable, the bathroom modern and sparkling clean. I especially appreciated the US electrical outlet (although having a mirror nearby would have been convenient for using my curling iron.All the basics are available (wall safe, iron/ironing board, hairdryer, tea &amp; coffee)...much appreciated.We met only friendly and efficient staff. My only suggestion would be that they might give a little more information to the guests checking in: whether breakfast is included (we knew enough to ask), mention the existance of the health club downstairs, perhaps point out that the key card is required to make the lights work (obvious when you know about it, but I can see some people being confused at first), etc.Overall, I would rate this hotel highly and would DEFINITELY stay there again.	
May 20 2004	The best travel bargain in London...Victoria Park Plaza	What a wonderful hotel experience! I and a friend had booked 7 days at the Victoria Park Plaza on hotels. We had requested smoking rooms that were adjacent or connecting above the 3rd floor on the east side of the building. This may sound picky but these requests were based on reviews from trip advisor and other travel sources. We arrived at the hotel about 2:00pm There we found no que. There were, however. 4 bright young adults behind the check-in counter The person that immediately helped us was a young guy named Bailey. He did everything he could to find us two rooms with the above criteria. When it became apparent that he could not find us connecting rooms he UPGRADED us into small suites at no extra charge!! He was very apologetic that connecting rooms were not availabe and seemed quite concerned that we be pleased with larger rooms on separate floors. We paid apporximately $150.00 US dollars per night for reservations at the Park Plaza which is VERY inexpensive for a higher end property in central London. That is less than 85 pounds per night yet we found ourselves in upgraded rooms. And what rooms they were....good sized, wonderfully appointed, huge windows that OPENED, spotless in every manner, with the most amazing bathrooms I have ever seen. I am a 6ft tall, 220 pound man who hasn't been able to take a bath in a tub since I was a kid. The tubs at the Victoria Park Plaza are HUGE! Buy some of the Queen's Lavender Bubble Bath at the Buckingham Palace shop and enjoy a soak in the Park Plaza's tubs. Quite an experience! We also had a separate shower in these black and white tiled baths. Very impressive. The rooms also had electronic safes of good size, BBC and CNN on the telly, nice sofas, big desks and most importantly, each of our rooms had huge, wonderfully comfy king sized beds. My room, on the 7th floor also benefitted from something that one would not expect in London.... a view! Room 748 faces east, 2 stories beneath your line of site on the opposite side of the street, is a beautiful Victorian red brick and stone building. There are shops on the ground floor and apartments on floors 1-4. On the roof of this ornate grand dame of the 19th century are all the chimney stacks right out of Mary Poppins! Above and to the left in your view you see the incredibly colorful tower of Winchester Cathedral two blocks away. Center in your view is Westminster Cathedral, Big Ben, The London Eye, and all of centrral London. Quite a view! The 7 day stay was exceptional. Everything worked in the rooms, the restaurant was very good (if pricey, but that is London) and the hotel staff was REALLY helpful in answering questions, calling cabs, giving directions and generally being a 4 star hotel staff. This hotel even is enviromentally cutting edge. You insert your key card in a special slot by the inside of your door when you go into the room. This turns the electricity on in your room. It also means that when you leave you don't have to worry about turning any lights off or the telly.....when you leave the room everthing turns off automatically when you take your key card with you as you leave. Pretty neat! If you are going to spend your vacation in London and you want a great hotel the Victoria Park Plaza cannot be beat! Located in Westminster, less the one block from Victoria station, you can train to all of SE England. Victoria Line of London's great underground is there as well.There are 50 shops of every stripe in the great umbrella roof of Victoria train station. Two of London's fabulous theatres are within two blocks of the hotel as are numerous pubs and restaurants. Finally, for bus travel outside of London the Victoria Bus Station is just a few blocks south of the hotel. Have as good a time in London at the Victoria Park Plaza as we did!	
May 17 2004	Huge modern bathroom	The ample bedroom size and especially the huge bathroom are major reasons to pick this hotel. Even if the only time you spend in the room is sleeping, you'll still treasure not bumping into the walls every time you turn around. And there's plenty of room to open out luggage and to work at the desk. I've paid more to stay in London but have never been this comfortable on a business trip. A short walk to Victoria Station and the Gatwick Express are major pluses. Staff were helpful and courteous. Lots of electrical outlets, including US and EU plugs. Everything is modern and it all works! I look forward to staying there again.	
May 17 2004	Loved Victoria Park Plaza	We just returned from a one week trip to London (May 6-13)and chose the Victoria Park Plaza based on the excellent reviews found on this site. We loved this hotel! We took the Gatwick Express train from Gatwick airport to Victoria Station and walked a block down the road with our luggage. The room was awesome! We had been upgraded to an executive room with a king-sized bed, couch and coffee table, desk area, etc. The bathroom was wonderful with a large tub, big enough for a great soak after long days of site seeing. The room was always clean. We asked for extra towels and the maid put them in the bathroom every day of our stay. The continental breakfast was basic - rolls, cereal, fruit, juice, coffee, tea but fine for our needs. The concierge was always helpful and even got a taxi at 5:00 a.m. for us when we needed to get to Waterloo Station to get the train to Paris. We cannot say enough good things about this hotel. It was great (and we had washcloths every day!).	
May 13 2004	Where are the washcloths?	Nice hotel, but really for the business traveler. The locations was okay, but I would much rather stay in Kensington where the atmosphere is better. We paid for a superior room, which is what we got. It was a nice size room with a king size bed, but, the washcloths are reserved for those in more expensive rooms. We were actually told this when we inquired about them. Huh?	
May 6 2004	Victoria Park Plaza is Awesome!!	I stayed 4 nights at the Victoria Park Plaza in late April 2004 - everything was wonderful. I'd been warned of the room sizes in London, this room was more than spacious and the bathroom was fabulous! The location is excellent - within 5 minutes you can be on the underground to anywhere in the city. The staff was very friendly and the room was always cleaned promptly. I have nothing but fond memories of my stay and would recommend this hotel to all! Thank You Victoria Park Plaza.	
May 4 2004	Mostly pluses a few minuses	We booked the Victoria Park Plaza for a week in April based primarily on outstanding TripAdvisor reviews. Our experience, for the most part, was pleasant &amp; positive, with a few concerns. The location is excellent, right by Victoria Station - we used the Tube and buses to cover the entire city with week-long transit passes. We had no problem with early check-in, arriving at about noon on the Saturday before the Marathon - the hotel &amp; staff were quite busy, but unfailingly polite. Our initial room was large &amp; clean, but on the second night , the power went out - not once, but three times, the last at about 10 pm! Not the whole building, just one block of rooms on our floor. After some initial reluctance, the staff moved us to a smaller room on our floor - they brought up new keys, but offered no help with our luggage, or any compensation for the dislocation. The included continental breakfast was adequate, not very appealing, except for the fresh juice &amp; fruit. To upgrade to a full breakfast would have cost an additional 4 pounds/person, or almost $8 ea - hardly worth it. We often brought up food from a nearby Marks &amp; Spencer just to save money. We enjoyed the daily tea &amp; biscuits, and made use of the ironing board and hairdryer. The beds were comfortable, but we found the modern decor a bit bland &amp; bare. Although the hotel is just a couple of years old, we noticed signs of untended wear-and-tear: scruffy, stained carpets, a bathroom door handle that came off in my hand, an odor emanating from a partially clogged sink drain. Easily remedied, but in need of attention. Will we go back? Possibly yes, but more for the location than anything else.	
May 4 2004	Poo-poo to the naysayers- this place is great!	I stayed here for two nights a week ago. There were a few hiccups in the beginning (a slow check in and two twin beds instead of a queen), but they took care of it without a problem. My new room was much better and quite large. I did not have the daily breakfast because I thought it was over-priced, so I can't comment on that. The concierge was extremely helpful (cute blond guy) and gave me some good suggestions on tours. I think the time they really shined was at check-out. I was mistaken on when my flight was taking off and only had 1 hour and five minutes before TAKE OFF!! I had not even packed. They checked me out of the hotel, called and put me in a cab literally within four minutes. Bear in mind there is no taxi stand at the hotel and they were so quick and professional. I actually made the flight and was so pleased with their service.As a side note, the location was great. Not as central as I would have liked, but safe and the tube was a 5 minute walk. On the same street, there's also the Apollo Victoria Theatre where Bombay Dreams is showing and I highly recommend seeing it. Safe travels!	
May 1 2004	Love it!!!!!!	We moved to Victoria Park Plaza Hotel after our horrible first night at another shabby hostel in the neighbourhood, which totally ruined our first day in London. Victoria Park Plaza Hotel came as the rescue! It was super comfortable, you can't believe how big the room (standard) is, especially given it's in London. What impressed us most is the super-freindly and highly-efficient receptionists -- Thank you very much! The price is also very reasonable for a four-star hotel located in such a golden location: Only 3 minutes walk from the Victoria tube station/train station! It was such a pleasant stay at Victoria Park Plaza Hotel. Will definitely come again next time in London! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO OTHER TOURISTS OR WHOEVER WHO WANT TO MAKE THEIR STAY IN LONDON MORE GLAMOUROUS!!!	
Apr 28 2004	Two recent (March 	Simply a *GREAT* deal for the money. Rather &quot;W&quot; in style and crazy-affordable for the quality and location. Excellent, central location at the heart of the city and steps from major Victoria Station. Nice staff. No problems. I've stayed twice recently and would seek a room there EVERY time I go to London from now on! Nice, clean, up-to-date, modern and stylish decor...everything functional, nothing broken or in need of attention. I read a few of the other reviews and the negatives kinda' sounded silly to me. From my humble point of view, there are a few things to remember when traveling: First, things are different in different parts of the world (isn't that THE reason to go in the fist place? Otherwise, go to Epcot). Second, big, established, destination-cities like NY &amp; London are expensive. So if you want five stars, be prepared to pay. Otherwise, this place is a winner. :-)	
Apr 20 2004	Best I've stayed in!	Booked an executive room, got upgraded to an appartment. Absolutely gorgeous. Helpfull staff who really smiled (unlike most London hotels). Very clean room(s) with modern decor and quality fittings. A perfect base for our London weekend - will be back again soon. PS - The restaurant food was excellent and the staff very attentive. Thankls for a good stay.	
Apr 16 2004	Good Internet connection	The front desk staff were a little distant and didn't go out of their way but overal above average. I was on a working vacation and required a reliable Internet connection. The first day when I plugged in my electrical adaptor smoke came out of it. I called the front desk and they rushed someone up who checked the voltage and then quickly whent to a nearby store and gave me a new adapter. Midway through the stay our keys were accidently deactivated. Also the internet connection whent down - they sent their IT guy right up- determined the entire hotel network was down and fixed the problem. The connection was 12 pounds per day, about 150K/min, no wireless and reliable. The rooms are clean and modern- (limited TV channels)	
Apr 11 2004	Victoria Park Plaza Why all the great reviews?	Just got back from a stay at the Victoria Park Plaza from April 3rd to the 7th. I chose this hotel for my family of four after reading such great reviews on TripAdvisor. I really had high hopes. After flying from the states all night I assured my wife that we could arrive at the hotel around 11:30AM and probably check in early. After all I had read this many times on the reviews. The same blond haired concierge that I have read about in the recent reviews informed us that 2PM is the check in time and to come back at that time. After touring for 3 hours we got into our rooms. Now since this was our first time to Europe I don't know how to compare them. The rooms were medium in size, the bathrooms very large. I don't understand the design of the shower doors because there was no way of avoiding a small flood on the bathroom floor everytime someone took a shower. I did not hear much outside noise because our windows had a beautiful view of an office building just a few feet away (we could read their computer screens). The door key in the light switch was strange but if it conserves energy I can live with it. The bed itself was just fair, my side of the bed leaned on an angle to the floor. The continental breakfast was included with our room, thank goodness, buy itself it would have been $24 and consisted of cereals, fruit, juices, bread and sweet rolls. The hot breakfast was extra, we passed on that. The concierge was ok. That means he wasn't the great, let me help you, cheerful type of person you would expect. He was just ok, answering plainly whatever you had the nerve to ask. The hotel itself was contempoary in design which we knew about and were fine with , although some of the artwork was funky. The front desk staff were not overly friendly, but just ok and were nice enough to allow us a late check out of 1:30PM. The location was a positive. Great location next to Victoria Station with trains or buses to take you anywhere. As I stated before this was our first trip to Europe and althogh the hotel experience was not bad...it was just average. If I ever return to London, I probably would not stay there again.	
Apr 8 2004	RudeRude Rude!	My husband and I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Victoria Park Plaza and boy do I have a lot to say. I read all the good reviews about this place and was very excited to go. Upon arrival (11:00am) We were not allowed to check in. The front desk informed us that check in time is at 2:00pm and to come back later. After being up all night my husband and I decided to walk to the Victoria Station and then off to hyde park we went. When we got back to the hotel at 1:50pm The Rude front desk clerk (Blond Hair Girl) had told us we were lucky to get the room we got. That check in time is not until 2:00pm. When we got to the room it was hot. We called down to have someone come up to help fix but was told that the air was broke and that we would have to prop the window open. We did. The noise from outside was very loud all night long. Construction was going on until 12:00 The next day we asked if we could get our room changed and talked to Ryan the manager, He said he would take care of it. He said to go and enjoy our day and when we get back to check at the front desk for our new room number. We went out came back around 4:00pm. Front desk clerk (Blond again) Insisted that we inform her why we needed a room change Rudely I may add. I told her we already cleared this with Ryan and that the room was Horrible. Another clerk heard me and came over to help the Snippy chip on her shoulder Blond out. We were taken to the 9th floor at another corner of the building. It was still loud but we decided there was nothing more the Hotel could do. I suggest that they have a little more training in the customer service dept. Also wr were not aware of any breakfast service for us until the last day we were there. They could of mentioned this to us. I do want to say that the coffee shop called &quot;The Mix&quot; had incredible coffee and pastries. Nice service to. All in all the front desk here needs major help. I have always relied on trip advisors candid reviews of hotels. I am being very honest when I say for the price you could find a much more customer orientated facility in London than this one. Look out there anywhere and you will find it.	
Apr 8 2004	Enjoyed our stay at Victoria Park Plaza	This was our first trip to England and Victoria Park Plaza was a wonderful choice as a hotel for first-timers. We chose this hotel after researching reviews on tripadvisor. We also stayed at two other hotels during our stay with which we can compare our room and this room exceeded our expectations. We were not disappointed.We were allowed to check in early, apprx. 10:30 am and we were expecting a room with two twin beds and received a king-size bed at no extra charge (and we got a deal on this room at $130 a nite). The room was spacious even on US terms, as I was prepared for the commonly smaller european hotel room described in many other reviews. The room was smoky at first but opening the window cleared that up quickly, and it did not linger in the linens or carpet. (For those with allergies, they do have non-smoking options, we just had no preferences when checking in.) The room otherwise was very clean; the bathroom was clean with nice modern glass sink and deep bathtub; the service was friendly and helpful altho seemingly understaffed. The hotel is modern and contemporary, much to our liking, and the extra facilities of fitness center, sauna/steam room were nice. The best was its location, literally steps from the Victoria Station for train and bus access and walking distance to Buckingham. Plenty of life in this central London location with eateries, internet cafe, and a theater nearby. We were not disturbed by any noise, and we had room service the first night and our meals were delicious (even if a little overpriced).There were only a few negatives: the towels (some still stained, no washcloths, we brought our own towels), TV (no options, but who's here to watch TV, right?), the light (powered by leaving your room key in a slot by the door, we're new here, is that common or is this part of a modern hotel? But once powered, there was many options of lighting from ambient to task lighting), and the phone (local calls are charged to the room at out-of-this-world rates! Better to use a payphone.) These few negatives were really small details if you ask me, the positives definitely outweighed all of these. The beds were comfortable, room clean and spacious and location is excellent... We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 8 2004	What a wonderful hotel!	We stayed at the Victoria Park Plaza 3/22-24/04 and will stay there again next time we visit London. First, we asked for a larger room and were upgraded (free of charge) to an executive room. The staff was friendly, the rooms large, plush and clean and the hotel was VERY QUIET. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk to the Victoria train station where you can catch the Tube all over London. It's also a short cab ride (14 pounds) from the main train station where you come into from outside of London. Great hotel &amp; great value, especially if you check early enough on websites like hotels dot com.	
Apr 7 2004	Disappointing service- poor value for money	very disappointed. RUde concierge. Little or no concept of customer service. Â£140 for the executive room was excessive. had to keep chasing up reception for service. they did not automatically give us the exec lounge key when we checked in. If we had not read about the lounge we would have never known what was on offer for the price we were paying.Eastern european staff a little friendlier but the English concierge behaved and looked more like a bouncer at a nightsclub stopping customers from revisiting. I felt he was going to punch me - such was his aggressive manner.	
Apr 6 2004	Modern Business Hotel With Some Rough Edges	My friend and I recently returned from a seven-night stay at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel. Located in a block bounded by Vauxhall Bridge Road, Wilton Road and Gillingham St., the Park Plaza is very convenient to the Victoria RR station and the Victoria tube stop (both 2 blocks away) and the Victoria Coach station. Buckingham Palace, Green Park, St. James's Park, Whitehall and the Tate Britain are all within easy walking distance. (We took the National Express coach from Heathrow Terminal #4 to and from the Victoira Park Plaza, but would not recommend it to anyone! Take a taxi - or the tube if you can negotiate the escalators involved in transferring from the line from Heathrow.)We had a second-floor Executive Room overlooking Gillingham during our stay. We booked a package deal through Expedia in early November and paid approx. $185. a night for our room. The room resembled a Holiday Inn Express in terms of size and layout. The lighting in the room was a bit inadequate, but the storage was fine for a week's stay. The two twin beds were small but comfortable; the linens were clean and attractive. The bathroom was very nice - plenty of hot water, a very nice sink area and a deep tub (which would be difficult for some people to get into!) The towels were a bit scarce, esp. the washcloths. The complimentary toiletries were a nice touch! The TV has a very limited selection, but the screen was large enough for the room.The breakfast bar was very filling and nutritious. The nightly wine and beer service was OK. The health club is very nice and very clean ...esp. an under-used steam room.The service at the hotel was uneven and occasionally lacking. The staff seems a bit inexperienced. The temperature control was also inadequate: the heat was still on during the first part of our stay and the hotel was too warm. The location is a noisy one, so it was inconvenient opening the small window for some air.	
Apr 5 2004	poor customer service with no follow up to my complaint ever !	I attended a conference held in the Park Plaza &amp; hosted by the Royal college of general peactitioners. At this conference a box of my papers &amp; display materials including a valuable training pack was &quot;lost&quot; by the hotel cloakroom staff. Although the staff concerend on the day seemed effficient &amp; courteous. There were many procedures to comply with when checking in belongings to the cloakroom &amp; this assured me things would be looked after. I was even required to sign in empty boxes! I then witnessed the banquetting manager bullying staff during the course of the day. I have registered my complaint via the internet &amp; written to the manager. Although I have recvceived several phone calls in which I simply had to re-iterate my complanit to several different people no one has ever contacted me with a sufficient response or offered any compensation. Considering the look of this hotel the service is lacking &amp; I would not consider staying there myself or using it for clients.	
Apr 4 2004	Good clean fun	My mother, my cousin, two of her friends and I just came back from 5 nights/6 days in London and used the Victoria Park Plaza as our home away from home. The hotel was well appointed and clean. The staff--especially our young concierge, Dan-- made the trip especially nice. Being novices to the city and only armed with a copy of &quot;London for Dummies&quot;, we relied on the staff's recommendations and were never disappointed. If you are visiting London for all London has to offer--I highly recommend the Victoria Park Plaza for a no nonsense home base.	
Apr 3 2004	class style and value	stayed here late march for 2 nights - very nice hotel - stylish furnishings/comfy beds/lovely bathrooms/well located/good price thro hotels.com only 2 slight criticisms - had to phone reception and ask for room to be made up after first night at 3pm as they had forgotten but rapidly attended to and courtesy call to check - same problem with mini bar as others - merely opening it seems to charge items automatically to your room but again reception rapidly sorted it out - could thoroughly recommend victoria park plaza to all	
Apr 2 2004	Nice but.....	I read the reviews below and can agree with most things said. I just recently spent 8 days there. It is a nice place, the location is great but I believe that the service is a bit lacking. I am under the impression the hotel is new and so are all the staff. The computers were also down upon my arrival. The room needed a few repairs, like the curtain track was hanging down and curtain pull rods off the curtains. I told the cleaning staff, who informed me that was not their job and I should inform the front desk myself. No big deal I guess, but I would think they work for the Hotel as well. Some other items were not repaired at all. Some ammenities were not in the room and I had to ask to have them brought up, it seemed a chore for the staff to do so, they brought some, not others and I never did get them. I only request for things once so it was my loss. JB's bar in the lobby seems to be a very difficult place to get a drink. The waiters very seldom come to the table and when you go to the bar, you seem to be interupting their socializing. The young folks at the Concierge desk were a tremendous help. They answeres all questions and had excellent recommendations. I am putting the negative things down to growing pains and when they get it together it will be the first class Hotel it wants (or claims) to be.	
Mar 25 2004	Super weekend	We've just returned from a weekend in London staying at the Victoria Park Plaza. This is a lovely hotel, very centrally situated - we were able to walk virtually everywhere we wanted to. We would definitely stay there again and have recommended it to friends who will be staying at Easter.We filled in the customer questionnaire and made one or two suggestions (not criticisims!) and when we got home we received a letter thanking us for taking the time to do so and entering us for a draw. This is a first for us - we always fill in the questionnaires wherever we go - but we have NEVER received a response until now. Well done Victoria Park Plaza.	
Mar 24 2004	Great Location Good Hotel	Our family of four stayed at the hotel for nine nights... from March 12th through the 21st. It was the hotel we chose as part of a go-today package. The hotel was very nice, modern decor. The rooms were a nice size with a great bathroom. We upgraded when we checked in to the executive level. For 25 extra pounds (for the whole stay) we had access to the executive lounge where we had breakfast and also early evening wine, beer and snacks. It was well worth the money. The executive card key gave us access to the room 24 hours a day. There is a cappucino machine we definately took advantage of. The hotel itself is located just two blocks from the Victoria train and underground station. And there are several restaurants and a grocery store (Sainsbury's) within a couple of blocks as well. We would definately stay here again.	
Mar 18 2004	Very Nice Hotel in Great Location	I stayed at this property Mar 3- Mar 10. Overall, I was very impressed. The only problem I had was a tendency for the room to overheat. The minibar functioned perfectly, contrary to some of the reviews here. The bed was very comfortable. The pillows were the same as any hotel. (I always find hotel pillows too hard, so I bring small pillows with me). Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was thoroughly cleaned and stocked daily. I found the American outlet at the desk to be a great feature. No need for converters or adaptors to plug in the laptop and digital camera. The laptop sized safe was also a plus. The location was just minutes from all Victoria transportation and a short walk to Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace and many other attractions. There were many restaurants, pubs and fast food outlets in the vicinity. I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 13 2004	Modern-Great location	This hotel was a pleasant surprise. I just got back, was there from Mar. 6-12. I got a rate from Hotels.com for $150 per night. The room was large with a king bed &amp; modern bath. The location was very good, only a 8 min. walk from the Victoria bus station &amp; a 2 min. walk from the Victoria tube. There are many restaurants in the area &amp; 2 theaters. I won't use the phone in the room because they charge 1 1/2 pounds ($2.75) per min. even for a toll free call	
Mar 11 2004	Nice but some strange quirks	I got a room in the Park Plaza through Hotels for $135 a night. The room was terrific, large, clean, it had the first beds in my stay in europe that were firm and soft. the Bathroom was really great, very large with a Bath that you would actually like to take a bath in. I would give it an excellent review if not for a few quirks. The front desk's computers were down for several hours when we got in and were on off the fritz for our stay. Half of the hotel is devoted to apartments. Our room was next to one of these and we heard doors slamming all night long. The room was very warm, the windows couldn't open much and there was no way to cool down. The neighborhood is pretty loud at night. You need to put a credit card down to use the mini bar, fairly standard procedure, but it is controlled by the front desk and we never could get it open. I bought some pudding and milk that I wanted to keep cold and some one had to be sent up to manually open it, and then as soon as it was closed it would lock again. The staff was rather curt and told us to prop it open all night because they would not come back to open it again. When we checked out we were told that there was a 7 pound charge for using the mini bar, even though we were never able to. I really enjoyed my room but don't think that I would stay there again.	
Mar 1 2004	Nothing that Special...	I guess my review isn't really in line with the rest of the others here but I need to be honest about the few (granted not many) flaws I found.1) Bed and Pillow comfort. Yes I know it seems a bit picky, but the hardness of the pillows and over all comfort provided was terrible and even though we were there for one weekend....it was difficult getting to sleep....THIS IS THE MAJOR PROBLEM HERE......yes everything is modern, nice tv and lovely bathroom....but the other reviews forgot to mention this very important point..2) Mini bar refused to open (after 3 attempts to query at the Reception) we told to keep checking it would be activated soon....we gave up at the finish up...Ok that was 2 flaws but to me quite important to the overall experience. I hate being fussy and picky (OVERALL the trip was very good)Maybe I expected too much- the reviews painted too good a picture for the hotel to live up too??Would I return? Doubtful....if they got new beds and new softer pillows then yes....	
Feb 24 2004	Great Modern London Hotel	Stayed here last week while on vacation, selected based on previous tripadvisor.com comments. Very nice hotel in the center of London near Victoria Station and Underground (2 block walk), a 21st century hotel with cool modern art deco. Super modern rooms with huge (American-Style) bathrooms, high-speed internet access also. Had UK / EU / and USA outlets. Comfortable rooms / beds. Very professional staff. Excellent English / Continental Breakfast. Very clean (2-3 yrs old). Had a nice health club as well. 5 minute walk to Buckingham, 10 minutes to Westminster / Thames. Would highly recommend and would return to in the future.	
Feb 23 2004	Fantasic hotel at a great price!	We booked this hotel through the Internet and didn't really know what to expect. We were so pleasantly surprised! The reception area is really spacious and very modern and chic. The room was very spacious, very clean and again very modern. The bathroom had a gorgeous glass sink and heated mirrors that did not steam up even during a hot shower! I can't think of anything bad about this hotel - the room was quiet, the staff were friendly and it was in an ideal central location with the Victoria Tube Station just a two minute walk away. We will definitely be staying here again.	
Feb 16 2004	very nice	Beautifull hotel with spacious rooms, very comfortable beds.Breakfast was a hugh choice of cereals, fruits, pasteries, eggs, fish, fruit salads,..Very helpfull and friendly staff.The best place I've ever stayed in London.	
Feb 4 2004	Luxury near Victoria Station	I was excited to stay at this property after first reading the excellent reviews on the site and then taking advantage of a ridiculously good deal on a travel discount site (so good in fact that i had to call the site to make sure the price quoted was indeed in American dollars and not Pounds). In any event, we enjoyed a teriffic stay. The room was spacious and the American power outlet at the desk was great - i didn't even need to use the power converter i brought. The bathrooms were both super-modern and very European. What few glitches we found (small selection of TV stations, the minibar wouldn't unlock and charged us for dislodging an item in trying to open it, the keycard got deprogrammed once) were definitely outweighed by the great positives: amenities, location and service. If flying into Gatwick, you'd be hard-pressed to find a more convenient and hassle-free trip to a hotel than to hop the Gatwick Express and walk the block and a half from Victoria Station to the hotel. We would definitely return.	
Feb 1 2004	Heavenly	My stay here on the weekend of January 2 was the best in London I have ever had. Besides the location (near bus, tube, rail and places of interest) the best thing about the hotel is it´s staff. Extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you (Danny, Dan en Leonard especially) for the best weekend in my life. Benjamin Smith	
Jan 20 2004	Great Location!	I recently spent 2 nights here and it was a great way to begin my European trip. The hotel was very clean and modern and the neon lights in the elevators were a cool touch.The room was okay in size, what you'd find in a typical hotel. We were on the first floor and we had no view at all. A continental breakfast is served and for 4 pounds you can upgrade to a full breakfast with all the food Americans are accustomed to.Best part of the hotel was the location as the Victoria Tube stop is conveniently located around the corner. When choosing a hotel, you always want one near the Metro.	
Jan 10 2004	Wonderful staying	I had been staying at the Victoria Park Plaza Hotel for a week and I am fully satisfied of its top quality of services and facilities. The room I got was just a standard one, but it was surprisingly large as well, well-furnished, full-equipped and clean. The ambiance of Victoria Park Plaza Hotel is a benchmark for its extreme high quality and comfort. In addition to all that, it is perfectly located close to main London attractions (such as Buckingham Palace, Parliament Square, Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square, Kensington and so on).	
Jan 6 2004	Great hotel great location	I am always skeptical about hotel reviews on web sites but I booked the Victoria Park Plaza based on the reviews on this web site and I am happy I did. We checked in at 12:30pm and the room was ready. It was a beautiful room with a striking bathroom. The room had a minibar, ironing board, iron, and in-room safe. Staff was courteous, the concierge was great - There was not one disappointing thing about the hotel.	
Jan 5 2004	Very nice but there are nicer	Very nice modern hotel. Tries to be &quot;hip&quot; and succeeds in many ways. Very clean and quiet floors. Room was spacious and pretty nice. Staff were less than helpful and, thankfully, I really didn't need them too much. Location is great. Got this hotel through Priceline which is the only way I'd go to this hotel again; not because I didn't like it, but because it was extremely expensive otherwise (even from the so-called discount web sites).	
Dec 31 2003	Highly recommended!	I booked this hotel (4 rooms) through an internet site at low rates and am so glad I did! We were checked in on arrival (before 2pm) and the concierge desk gave excellent recommendations for restaurants (try the Boisdale). You can't beat the proximity to Vic Station. All of our rooms had safes and a continental breakfast (pastries, cereals, toast, fruits, coffee/tea/juices) was included. One of our rooms was an Executive Room which came with access to the Exectutive Lounge where you could get a hot breakfast in the a.m., newspapers, fruit, beer/wine, coffee at any hour. Our party of eight was extremely satisfied with our stay.	
Dec 31 2003	A Jewel of a Hotel	Just returned from an enjoyable 7 night stay at this hotel. Received a lovely, spacious king-size room, with a mini-bar and several other comfortable amentities. The room and bathroom were clean and well-maintained during our stay. The front desk and concierge were friendly and helpful from check-in to check-out. We didn't get to enjoy the hotel restaurant, but can recommend the coffee shop. MIX offers a nice variety of breakfast pastries, beverages, and/or sandwiches to start the day. The &quot;location was perfect&quot; with Victoria Station, the tube, bus terminal, and tour companies within a short, easy walking distance.	
Dec 24 2003	pleasent stay		
Dec 19 2003	Very pleased!		
Dec 1 2003	Great Experience		
Nov 29 2003	very nice upscale hotel perfectly located		
Nov 22 2003	Fantastic		
Nov 19 2003	Fun Hotel		
Nov 7 2003	One of the better cheap hotels		
Oct 24 2003	Great hotel and location!		
Aug 1 2003	Victoria Park Plaza---Outstanding!		
Oct 23 2009 	Molto buono!		
Sep 28 2009 	Totalmente recomendable!		
Sep 15 2009 	Buena localización. Cómodo sin lujos. Buen desayuno		
Aug 27 2009 	Preis - Leistung absolut OK		
Aug 23 2009 	He repetido en Londres y por su puesto en Park Plaza Victoria		
Aug 22 2009 	Estupendo Hotel Para Moverte Por Londres		
Jul 18 2009 	Seul intérêt sa proximité avec Victoria Station		
Jul 17 2009 	Confortable y muy bien situado para hacer escapadas desde Londres		
Jun 16 2009 	Moderno centrale e pulitissimo		
Jun 11 2009 	Situación ideal trato ejemplar y ante todo comodidad		
Jun 4 2009 	???????????????		
May 26 2009 	ottimo		
Mar 5 2009 	Moderno Cómodo y Confortable		
Feb 20 2009 	??????		
Feb 19 2009 	Buona posizione.		
Feb 17 2009 	Très bon choix - bon rapport qualité - prix		
Feb 15 2009 	Belle chambre et hotel bien placé		
Jan 19 2009 	hotel génial		
Jan 7 2009 	Perfetto		
Dec 29 2008 	accogliente centale...assolutamente indimenticabile		
Dec 29 2008 	Ottimo questo albergo		
Dec 22 2008 	Simplemente genial		
Oct 18 2008 	Park plaza victoria:londra non è stata mai cosi' vicina!		
Oct 13 2008 	Ottimo hotel ottima posizione		
Aug 31 2008 	Me gustó. Céntrico. Las sábanas no las cambiaron		
Aug 3 2008	Fantstico il PARK PLAZA VICTORIA		
Jun 29 2008	posizione strategica per il park plaza victoria		
Jun 16 2008 	Super!		
Apr 15 2008 	J'y retourne à chaque voyage d'affaires à Londres		
Apr 14 2008 	Moderno y confortable		
Mar 5 2008 	superbe hotel		
Feb 20 2008 	Bien		
Jun 28 2007	très bel hotel		
