	Exceptional Hotel Woody 	Have been staying here for 12 years and love the hotel. Great rooms and amenities. Excellent English breakfast with many choices. Location is near the tube, restaurants, theater and many of the interesting sights to see. Very friendly atmosphere. would recommend for all ages.	
	Nice renovated hotel in good location	I work about 5 mins away and used it for an overnight stay in London.Recently renovated, nice hotel, pretty good service at the door and reception.Room was a king, but internal facing, fine as I arrived at 5 and didn't really look out, but probably worth checking what view your getting. Bathroom really really small but all spotless and very modern which is great. The room was a decent size, with desk, seats, LCD TV and decent sized wardrobe. For a hotel such as this they had an overnight shoe shine service which I didn't use as wasn't aware until I was leading but is a sign they aspire to be a good hotel. Overall i would say its a good hotel and frankly for the price very good. The hotels in London are generally hit and miss sometimes, so if you can pay under £200 I would stay here, central for everything, modern and very clean. However if this were to cost £190 and you can get Claridges for £250...mmm more formal/stuffy but you fo get an overall better hotel than Royal H. For other overnight stays I will stay here again. For tourists staying longer, to be fair its not a bad choice at all, although you will be a good 15min walk from Covent Garden but only 5-10 from Trafalger square.	
Nov 14 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous!	This is a great hotel, I booked it as a surprise birthday treat for my fiancé and we had the BEST time! From the original booking with booking.com which was seamless, to the confirmation call with Latoy on reception who arranged an upgraded room for us, to the fantastic Michael on concierge who managed to secure us a last minute booking at the amazing Gaucho Grill in Piccadilly the hotel could not have done any more.We were graciously greeted, swiftly shown to our amazing room – 312 which overlooked the river Thames and the London Eye. The bathroom had a rain shower and LCD TV in the bath, and everything could be controlled by a touch of a button from our bed, it was perfect.I would recommend this hotel to Londoners, Mancunians, Brummies, foreigners, everyone! It is situated in a prime location, with everything you could want on your doorstep, whether you prefer to travel by tube which is less then 2mins walk away, or you’d rather jump in a cab you won’t be disappointed as everything that London has to offer is close by and so taxi fares won’t break the bank.I used the ‘check rates’ feature on Tripadvisor and was able to find an unbeatable price – will definitely be making use of this utility for future bookings!	
Nov 8 2009	Lovely hotel in a perfect location for the pubs and theatres	I usually stay at the Marriott County Hall when on business. Since this was full, I thought I would try the Horseguards which is almost directly opposite on the north side of the river. I was not disappointed. Although, it doesn't have a swimming pool like the County Hall, it has a better restaurant, bar and the breakfast is brilliant. The staff are very friendly and in general the hotel has a relaxed and welcoming atmosphere. One big plus is that some of the best pubs near the Strand are within staggering distance! I had a room on the 6th floor which overlooked the Thames. The 6th floor is just above the treeline so that the river is fully visible. One negative is the size of the beds, although fine for one person, two would be a bit of a squeeze. I'm not sure whether all the rooms have the same size bed though. All in all, thoroughly enjoyable and definitely recommended,	
Nov 8 2009 	Fantastic- our new London favourite!	This was our first visit to the Royal Horseguards- but certainly won't be our last.From the gentleman sweeping the door open for us as we arrived, to the lovely man who checked us in, through to the breakfast staff and concierges, the staff were polite, efficient and charming.We arrived early, at about 12.30pm and we weren't expecting to be able to go to our room, we thought we would just leave our luggage and go out, but after a 5 minute wait, we were given our keys- and an apology for the delay!Our double room with view was spotlessly clean, and tastefully decorated. It had a lobby area too so was easily spacious enough for us. We had a stunning view of the Thames and London Eye, even more amazing at night when it was lit up in various colours.Small touches like the heated bathroom floor, TV in bathroom, mood lighting and dressing gowns and slippers provided made our stay feel special.The bed linen is very high quality and the bed comfy. The pillows were too soft for my liking but that is purely a personal opinion. The only very minor fault which I can mention is that the speaker in the bathroom didn't work, but I am sure if we had mentioned it they would have tried to fix it. Breakfast was excellent, considering it was a buffet, both the fried and scrambled eggs were cooked to perfection. The staff were attentive and polite. Next time we stay in London, it will be at this hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	Watch out for currency conversion rip-off	This is a really nice hotel with excellent rooms, staff and location. However, I felt ripped off when the hotel converted my bill from pounds to $USD and failed to mention the fine print of &quot;exchange rate mark-up of 3.5%.&quot; This mark-up was not mentioned at check-out and unfortunately I didn't notice it until I arrived back in the states. This is really adding insult to injury with the already poor $USD to pound exchange rate and spoiled my otherwise good impression of this hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Sheer luxury	The hotel is pricey, but quite luxurious. The location is great, it is within walking distance for many historical sites and close to the undergound.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Lovely Hotel in a great location. Good sized room with first rate furnishings and fittings. Check in staff very helpful and courteous. Would definitely recommend.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fabulous hotel - central and more than comfortable.	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards hotel for one night - Hallowe'en in fact. We had managed to snare a special discount price - I think it was about £160 including breakfast - which was pretty impressive.Perfect location. We had a room at the front and could see the river and the London Eye. Very short walk from Embankment Tube station, and an extremely short distance to the area where all the theatres are. The room was great. I think ours was the basic model, but I was impressed. The furnishings were well thought out - nice colours to give a homely feel. The bathroom wasn't huge, but had a double shower, heated towel rails, underfloor heating etc. We had breakfast on the Sunday morning. It was fine. I just had the English breakfast - so can't comment on any other aspect. I don't have too much more to add - it appears to have been said by other posters. I wish wehad stayed for longer to appreciate the facilities in the hotel. Although if we hadn't had the discounted price we wouldn't have done so.I hope to visit again - and will definitely put TheRoyal Horseguards Hotel high up on my list of hotels to stay in.	
Nov 1 2009 	not as good as it was	The re ferb has taken away the character, we had to wait until late afternoon, long after the 2pm checkin time to get our rooms, (3 of them,) had to go to the theatre in the clothes we had travelled in for hours. Not what you expect, have stayed before but not again. Beware, dont rely on timings you may miss your show!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great facilities convenient neighborhood service is somewhat wanting but the price makes up for it.	We are in the midst of spending 8 days at this property. It is our second visit to London -- the first was in 1996 -- and we were so impressed with the physical facilities that we canceled our reservation at the Ritz where we were going to finish up our stay for the last half of our visit (we had stayed at the Ritz in 1996 and thoroughly enjoyed the experience). The hotel is located on Whitehall Court in Westminister, between Royal Horseguards Avenue and Whitehall Place, and overlooks the park running alongside the Victoria Embankment which borders the Thames. We selected a deluxe room with a river view (which commands a higher price than the cheapest rooms) and it turned out to be a goodly size -- about 450 square feet including a bathroom with a small 2x2 shower stall and a regular sized tub (but with radiant floor heating and a heated towel rack which is convenient for drying socks and such) -- feeling larger because of the high 12 foot ceilings. At the price of 239 pounds per night (without breakfast), this is a tremendous bargain since the view is fantastic and the hotel is about 75 yards from the Embankment tube stop (serving three lines) and the Embankment pier where one can get the boats to Greenwich, etc. Nice firm beds (but lacking any memory foam topper or even the foam bridge to &quot;tie&quot; two single beds together, and no down pillows (although, candidly, we haven't asked whether such are available, assuming perhaps improperly that if they were available they would have been standard issue).The only drawback, if such it is, is the service which is definitely not top drawer. I think, though, this disparity may be a characteristic of Singaporean hotels -- when we stayed for 10 days last summer (before the Olympics) at the Raffles Beijing, we found the hotel facilities great and the service merely acceptable. However, for the price and the convenience, one can forgo the service.The hotel is about a five minute stroll to Downing Street and a ten minute stroll to the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey, and, of course, the river view is worth its weight in gold.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice hotel but don't pay extra for a view in Summer	We stayed at this hotel after reading many positive reviews. I chose a Premium Club King which is supposed to have a &quot;splendid view of the Thames and London Eye&quot;. The first room shown was completely grown in by the foliage on the trees and was very dark. As was the second room. We were finally allocated a room on the 6th floor which had what I can only call a partial view through a gap in the foliage to the river and London Eye. Our final room was bright and airy and had the added bonus of a lovely big window in the bathroom. The room amenities were very nice but we both felt the bed was a bit on the firm side and we were glad to move on after six nights.The service we experienced on check in was strange and disconnected with no apology for the fact that the promised view was not forthcoming.Our room rate also included canapes in the room every evening. They were a no show on the first evening and I had to call and ask for them on the second night. After checking we were informed by room service we were indeed entitled to canapes and they arrived with a complimentary bottle of wine. A nice gesture, check in staff take note. They were also delicious and were served every evening thereafter promptly at my appointed time!The breakfast was only adequate. We didn't try the restaurant at night as the breakfast was so ordinary.Overall the hotel is lovely, modern, clean, wonderful bathrooms beautifully maintained but the service at reception was very odd and unnecessarily frosty especially after a 23 hour flight!	
Oct 11 2009 	Very impressed!	We were impressed with this hotel from the moment we walked through the doors - very polite, friendly, professional service in beautiful surroundings. The first night our neighbours were extremely noisy and when we complained we were offered a new room which turned out to be an upgrade!The hotel is in an excellent location - quiet (although there are building works going on at the moment at Whitehall) but very central and most of the main sights.Both rooms we stayed in were very comfortable and luxurious - the only things which could be improved were that the double beds were quite small and the pillows were not very plump - otherwise it was a real please to stay here and we will definitely return.	
Oct 8 2009 	Luxurious hotel with fabulous location- highly recommend	We chose this hotel based on the glowing reviews given by guests at the Royal Horseguards on Tripadvisor. We were very happy with our choice. The staff are friendly and very helpful. We had the free breakfast included in our package and it was exceptional. The location is great- across the river from the Eye of London- you can take a walking bridge to walk over to the Eye, close to the tube and within walking distance of many sights- Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square. The rooms were very spacious and even had a flat screen tv over the jacuzzi tub. We would definitely return to this hotel again and again- which I hope is soon.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel great location	Spent two nights at the Royal Horseguards in London in late September. The room was lovely, with a fantastic view of the Thames and the Eye, the staff was great and the location was perfect for seeing the high points of London during a short visit. You will need to pay for the deluxe double with a view to be able to see the Thames, and ask for the 7th floor or above or your view will be blocked by the trees. The hotel is a beautiful, old building and the room was large and sunny.	
Oct 7 2009 	The fanciest hotel I've ever stayed in...	If it weren't for online, advance price discounts there would be ZERO chance of me ever being able to afford staying in this hotel. Luckily, I started my London holiday research several months in advance and got a great price on a twin room for me and my friend. No view of course but I suspect even the Royal Horse Guards' worst room rivals some of the best rooms in other hotels.Our twin was spacious and well laid out and filled with all sorts of thoughtful and classy touches - heated bathroom floor, slippers and housecoats and, at one point, a lovely tropical plant appeared on the night stand table, just because I suppose.The service was equally exceptional. Housekeeping was thorough and never lessened in quality the entire five days of our stay. All the in-room teas/coffees/treats were replenished daily. The door staff and concierge were consistently friendly and professional.The location of the hotel is quite central and wonderfully close to the Embankment tube station. Its very easy to walk anywhere. There are several pubs and coffee shops located nearby. Villiers Street, just up from Embankment station, has lots of little cafes and The Princess of Wales pub stays open quite late and does a really good breakfast.All in all a good choice if you want something extra special from your London hotel stay.	
Sep 25 2009 	Lovely stay	Stayed at the Royal Horseguards recently for my boyfriend's 30th. Had a great time; room was lovely with a fabulous view and the hotel is in a great location for exploring the city - opposite the London Eye, with Downing Street and Trafalgar Square just around the corner. The hotel bar is nice (but predictably pricey), particularly if the weather is pleasant enough to enjoy a drink on the terrace. The attention to detail was as you would expect in a top hotel, with some lovely additional touches - we returned from a bit of sightseeing to find a tray of chocolate covered strawberries in our room!We didn't eat dinner in the hotel (went to the Bleeding Heart restaurant off Hatton Garden - absolutely fantastic and well worth a visit), so not sure how good the restaurant is. Our only slight niggle of the entire stay was that we chose to take breakfast in our room and to say it was lukewarm would be kind! I guess we sacrificed heat for a bit of privacy, but would take the trip downstairs next time!The hotel isn't cheap, but good things in London rarely are (I've lived and worked here for 8 years so feel qualified to make that comment!), and based on our experience it deserves it's good reputation.	
Sep 24 2009 	Dream Hotel	The pictures you see on the hotel websites are usually different than in person. This was not, exactly like the pictures online. Awesome experience! Rooms very clean and large. Great location to the Underground, London Eye, restaurants/shops, etc. A wonderful staff of people. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. They were so accomodating. For my first trip abroad, I would do it again in a heartbeat and its because our trip started with such a wonderful experience at this hotel. This is exactly what I thought London would be. The outside of this hotel is just as beautiful as the inside. Cheerio.	
Sep 21 2009 	A top choice for a central London hotel	Superbly located for all the central London sights, this would be a great choice for a weekend in London. The hotel is newly refurbished and very smart, with clean, comfortable and spacious rooms. Ours had a good view over the quiet street to the front of the hotel. Only minor quibbles are that the soundprofoing in the rooms isn't the best, with noise from the corridors audible, and the breakfast was a bit disappointing, but great otherwise.	
Sep 20 2009 	Can't think of a better location to stay on first trip to London	My 14 year old daughter and I stayed at the Royal Horseguards the last week in August. We had a room on the 4th floor (Rm. 412). It was a really nice room and EXTREMELY clean, which makes all the difference to me. The only negative comment I can make is that the view of the River Thames is blocked by trees and there really isn't any view. The location of the hotel is EXCELLENT and we always felt safe. It is so close to all the sites a tourist wants to see on their first visit to London: Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Parliament and the London Eye. You can also walk to Trafalger Square, National Portrait Gallery and Buckingham Palace (about a 20 min. walk). The tube is just around the corner and we took it everywhere...Tower of London, Kensington Palace and to tthe Apollo Theatre to see Wicked. Everyone at the hotel was pleasant. I would not hesitate to stay here again. The breakfast was included in our rate. They serve a hearty English breakfast: sausage, baked beans, bacon, eggs, porridge, etc. My only comment about breakfast is that it never changes and it started to get boring after a few days. There are a few coffee shops near the Embankment station which have delicious panini. Wish we could have stayed longer!	
Sep 19 2009 	Fantastic !	Spent 5 nights in September, and I have to say that this hotel is perfect. The staff is amazingly polite and helpful, something not very common in Europe at the moment. From the check in to the departure, nothing was too much trouble. Good choice at breakfast, room very well equiped, great location !Thanks to the entire team for the beautiful experience.	
Sep 18 2009 	Amazing hotel with fabulous location - You must stay here!	This hotel lives up to all the reviews and the rooms and location are absolutely amazing. The hotel is located right on the Thames and you can walk to all of London's major attractions. The lobby and check in is elegant and the doorman is extremely welcoming. We were in room 314 and the bellhop took us up to our room and showed us all the amazing features of the room. The ipod charger/plug into integrated speakers in the room, the TV over the bathtub, the amazing view of the gardens, the robes and slippers, the safe and huge armoire, the large desk and flat screen TV, and one of the largest rooms I can imagine. I can go on and on about this hotel, you must stay here if you get a chance. The rate was 129 for the regular rooms or 149 for a room with a view. Our view was of the trees so I don't recommend spending the money for the view. The breakfast was very nice, but it was 10 pounds extra. This is by far the nicest room I have ever stayed in Europe and the majestic hotel is like staying in a castle. It is worth every penny and we never wanted to leave!	
Sep 17 2009 	If I could live in London I'd want to live here.	The Royal HorseGuards Hotel took my breath away...from the gorgeous building, interior and exterior, to the location, to the wonderful room - we were just enthralled. We arrived from the States at the ungodly early hour of 8 am (London time), and they managed to get us into our room very shortly after we returned from breakfast.The room was lovely, with a terrific view. GREAT shower Breakfast..was nothing short of amazing - and included. A huge savings that allowed us to eat even larger meals for dinner :-)As we were looking to walk all over creation, this location was perfect - the Embankment tube just steps away, and Charing Cross Station just a short walk away. Close enough to walk to Trafalgar Square, but not in the middle of touristy crowds. The hotel is also incredibly close to the Jubilee Bridge, from which one can get some incredible photos of the Thames, Big Ben, and the London Eye. This was just ideal for us -- location, service, amenities, all of it. The only negative was that we couldn't stay longer. We certainly plan to return.	
Sep 11 2009 	A lot of potential	The Royal Horseguards is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location. I agree with all the positive comments from many of the reviewers: the property was clear, the room was spacious, and the renovation makes the property look great. The reason for my 3 star rating is mainly due to soundproofing. I am a light sleeper and despite a fantastic renovation the hotel is not soundproofed at all. Every siren, passing car on nearby streets, and construction crane is heard inside at nearly the level of outside. It is unfortunate that during my first night I moved from a river view room due to noise from outside (and I was the second person to request a move for noise that same evening). My only other comment would be regarding room upgrades. The front desk aggressively pushed paid room upgrades in a somewhat ad hoc manner - I had this happen to me and watched it happen with other guests at a time when I was told the hotel was not nearly full. I never experienced this at other 4 and 5 star hotels in London, so it was surprising. I would recommend the property to anyone who gets a favorable rate as long as they are not light sleepers.	
Sep 10 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with the perfect location for Classic London	From the standpoint of an American tourist looking to see the &quot;classic&quot; London sites, the Royal Horseguards is perfect. From a location standpoint the Royal Horseguards is a short walk from the London Eye, Trafalgar Square, Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and much more. Did I mention that the Embankment station is about 100m away? As for the hotel, it is beautiful. Great views across the river and the small park located on hotel property is a perfect way to start or end your day. Hotel staff were very inviting and friendly, answering all of our questions with a smile. Only downside was that the rooms are a bit small for the money, but again, the location and staff make up for it. Also, I've been told that London rooms are closer to those in Europe vs. those in the US - so the size of the rooms may be standard. The next time I'm in London I will not hesitate to check in at the Royal Horseguards.	
Sep 9 2009 	Beautiful elegant perfect location!	My husband and I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 2 nights. The lobby is lovely and the staff unfailingly polite and helpful. Our room did not have a Thames River view, but the view was nice nonetheless. The room was large and luxurious, with all the amenities. I believe the hotel was recently renovated and the result is lovely. Location is wonderful -- we walked to Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, the Royal Galleries. We would definitely stay again!	
Sep 8 2009 	A fantastic hotel!	I just returned from a week long vacation in London and this hotel was one of the highlights. The location is perfect for all of the key sites (Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Big Ben, Buckingham Palace) and is right next to a Tube station which made it easy to use the subway system. The staff was second to none and was always there to help us with questions or book site seeing trips for us. Do yourself a favor and look into this hotel...you will NOT be disappointed! If I ever make it back to London, I know I will stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 7 2009 	Vastly Improved Since Last Visit in '07	My husband and I have stayed at The Royal Horseguards on a number of occasions during the past 10 years. When we first encountered it in the late '90s, it was sorely in need of upgrading and repair. During our most recent visit, we noted that the hotel is under new management and perhaps the nicest place we've stayed in central London. The Royal Horseguards now boasts a full range of modern amenities to include air-conditioned rooms (all rooms are now non-smoking), flat screen TVs in both room and bathroom, WiFi and newly refurbished appointments throughout. Under the previous proprietorship the service and attitude of the hotel staff left a lot to be desired, but the change in management appears to have done wonders for the quality of the establishment and the level of service. Our room overlooked the Thames and the London Eye as requested by email (although this was not guaranteed). Breakjfast was included and consisted of standard English fare and, while not spectacular, was more than adequate for the business traveler. (The staff was gracious enough to allow us to conduct small business meetings during breakfast.) The location has always been excellent for travelers doing business with the UK government, as well as for tourists. Based upon this experience, we will be choosing The Horseguards again for our next trip.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Clean Hotel with Impeccable Service	Cannot fault this hotel at all, perfect location, clean, attentive and genuinely friendly staff. We stayed for the first night of our honeymoon and can safely say we made a great choice of hotel, on a quite street but right on the action, Trafalgar square two minutes walk away. Perfectly clean and spotless hotel and with a great buffet style breakfast....... you will not be disappointed with this hotel. 10/10	
Sep 1 2009 	Best view of London!!!	My husband and I have traveled to london before but this hotel really made a difference on this trip. We took our 29yr old son and his friend. The accomodations were fantastic. The staff very nice and the location was great. We will definitely stay here again. My son had a junior executive suite with 2 twin beds.It was perfect!!! We travel quite a bit and I know a great hotel.....this is one! The view my husband and I had from our suite was beautiful!!!!We were directly looking over The River Thames with London eye across from us.We loved it!	
Aug 29 2009 	Good location and accommodation but little touches let it down	While the hotel was in a good position and offered excellent accommodation we felt it was more of a 4 star than a 5 star. The bedroom was well fitted but the breakfast was very disappointing and let the place down.There were paper napkins instead of linen napkins usually found in 5 star hotels, the orange juice was the cheap concentrated variety rather than fresh juice. While the pats of butter looked pretty when tasted - it was clearly low quality butter or some horrible substitute - something not usually found in 5 star establishments.We also had a cream tea which was well presented. The scones were tasty but the bread was very doughy and again the revolting cheap butter or subsitute. The service for the tea was excellent.If the Royal Horseguards could sort out the catering and bring it in line with other 5 star establishments I would certainly recommend. Another warning - Pimms is very expensive in this hotel. Four small glasses of Pimms and we were charged £46. It would have been much cheaper to have purchased a bottle of wine. While I appreciate prices in 5 star hotels are more expensive we could have had 4 cocktails for this price. A glass of Pimms (twice the size) was only £3.50 in the pub a few yards away.	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent - first class room service and food	The rooms are fabulous, very clean, up to date, decorated impeccably. Nice touches to the room such as very good baths and showers. TV in bath. We had good view of Thames too which was lovely.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Location and Nice Hotel	My husband and I spent 9 nights at the Royal Horseguards - July 2009. We were extremely happy with our choice. The location was great - we could walk to all of the major tourist sites and the Tube Station was only a block away. Check-in was quick and easy. The room was very spacious and we loved the large windows. The bathroom was updated with a both a towel rack warmer and also a heated bathroom floor. There was a &quot;rain shower&quot; type showerhead and a TV screen in the shower as well (loved the bathroom!) We had a king size bed with a nice soft comforter and plenty of pillows - no problems sleeping whatsoever.We had breakfast included in our &quot;package&quot; which was a buffet breakfast each morning that included eggs, toast, coffee, sausage, bacon, fruit, cereals, pastries, coffee, tea, juice...something for everyone. We would definitely stay here again! Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was that we had asked for 2 wake-up calls during our stay. The first one was automated and we were able to request it through the phone ourselves. The second wake-up call was for our last morning (crucial that you check out in time to catch your flight) and this time when we called to order one someone from the front desk took our request. Luckily, we were awake anyway before the wake-up call because....we never received one that morning. But &quot;stuff&quot; happens and I wouldn't let it keep me from staying there again!Staff was also very nice! We hope to be back again soon - had a great time in London enjoying the sights!	
Aug 17 2009 	An amazing find practically faultless	What a great find!I am generally a fussy traveller and usually reside at the Four Seasons or County Hall however we were entertaining friends and I decided to book somewhere different. The hotel rooms are spacious and light- usually in central london &quot;airy&quot; rooms don't come with the territory. Modern yet with such wonderful architectural features- the view over the london rooftops on the 9th floor was impressive. They have completed the renovation here to an exceptional standard and I felt privalaged to be staying here. Drinks were expensive- £40 for a round with 4 people, the bar, lobby and resturant atmosphere aren't anything to write home about but as we were mainly using the hotel to sleep in, it was perfect. The rooms are really quite something- a standard room had a TV over the bathtub- not something I would usually approve of but when in rome...The toiletries provided were Elmis and plentiful.Overall decor and staff service is excellent and they seem well trained. Great location- I couldn't fault it.I am definately staying here at my next opportunity; we almost want to keep it a secret so the rates stay low. An excellent find and will be recommending this to all.	
Aug 17 2009 	First Class Experience	I stayed at the hotel 8/11-8/13/09. I had originally planned to stay 6 nights but unfortunately had to return home for my daughter. My experience was wonderful. The hotel is located near Trafalgar Square and the theater district directly on the River Thames. I received a free upgrade to River View room from standard deluxe double. My room was very spacious, immaculently clean, modern/traditional decor with a set of four french doors with full windows and a Juliet balacony (though it is to reamin cabled closed for safety concerns) overlooking a beautiful garden and the River Thames. Room service was wonderful with great food, beautifully presented on heavy gauge silver trays. My room rate was 150 GBP, complimentary upgrade (booked directly through hotel reservation phone number) per night with complimentary bottle of wine on arrival and complimentary breakfast each day (served downstairs at buffet or in room for 10GBP fee) and very nice choice of pastries, cereals, fruit salads along with eggs and other traditional English breakfast items. First night I was not feeling well, phoned room service at 1:30am and they sent someone up with tea, juice, toast, croissants, jelly and butter -- NO CHARGE - &quot;You are a guest and we will care for you as our guest.&quot; Where do you get treatment like this other than you mother's home?????Heated towel bar, power deluge shower head, new and modern tiling and blue edged beautiful bathroom mirror and lighted makeup mirror, also included a television in tub area. There is a switch to operate heated bathroom flooring as well. Absolutely spotlessly clean. This is a big item for me in hotels. Concierge arranged car service to Heathrow in black Mercedes sports sedan with a nicely dressed gentleman who was kind and courteous engaging conversation -- very nice. Reception is wonderful. Can fault NOTHING in this hotel except mattress and pillows. Stay here, you WILL NOT be disappointed. I have stayed in Kensington and I love that area, but the 4-star hotels I stayed in there for around 160GBP-180GBP had nothing near the amenties, services and accommodation quality of this hotel -- Definitely 5-Star experienc. Very very nice!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Central location with great staff.	Stayed here for a conference. The staff were great and after a glitch with the room alocation were very helpful and attentive. The breakfast was huge with such a vast choice it was hard to tear ourselves away and get to our conference. They were also good with their advice on getting to and from Heathrow. We had some problems during the rest of our holiday and had to have a parcel posted to Royal horseguards for us to pick up on our return and the whole process went smoothly. A very relaxing and enjoyable stay though next time I would ask for a room with a view.	
Aug 14 2009 	Lovely Friendly Hotel	I stayed here for one night with my partner. We had a lovely time the service is great, the room was clean with a tv in the shower, the breakfast was included in the price which is unusal these days was full english and really nice. The location is next to embankment tube which is perfect.	
Aug 13 2009 	Certainly 1st Class	Booked on less than week's notice in the middle of the summer (tourist) season and although expensive (209GBP/N), the cost certainly matched the accomodations class... specially compared to other similarly classed hotels that I have staid in (in London). Pros: 1-Compared to similar/same class hotels (i.e.: Softel St James) with similarly boastful reviews, this hotel is priced about 10% less, provides a better rooms; 2- &quot;Royal King View&quot; room we stayed in had a to-die-for view of the river and the Eye Of London while quiet, well stocked with all amenities for comfortable sleep (we are very picky on sleeping accomodations), LCD TV and heated flooring in the bathroom, very FAST complimentary wireless internet connection, plenty of accessable power outlets, iPod dock integrated to the room's audio system, and plenty of storage/cabinet space; 3- the hotle is best situated for easy access to any attraction, destination, and/or transportation access points. Cons: (Nothing that was major enough to leave even a hint of bad taste but being picky but certainly things that do need improvement...) 1- starting at 9am, as housekeeping enters/exist adjacent rooms, the rooms to those room slam shut automatically which result in very disturbing banging...so if planning to sleep in, be warned as I don't think you could sleep with such loud bangs; 2- Late night TV was useless as there there about 15 news channels plus maybe 4-5 foreign (non-English) channel, plus 1-2 other movie channels of which NONE of them (usable movie channels) worked; 3- on the last day of stay, the room phones didn't work as they were VOIP! The &quot;Cons&quot; listed above did really effect us but I can see it could be a bigger problem for many.	
Aug 10 2009 	What a great Hotel !	Just had a long weekend at Horseguards and what a pleasure. Great hotel in a great location, staff were excellent from check in to leaving. The room was river facing and spotless with a great bathroom. Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. We will return.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Experience for My First London Trip	I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for approximately one week in July 2009. Since this was my first trip to London, I wanted to be in a somewhat central location that was accessible to the major sights. The hotel is conveniently located near Trafalgar Square, the Jubilee Bridges (pedestrian bridges allowing you to cross the Thames), and Embankment tube station. Despite this centrality, the hotel is on a very quiet street so you will not be distracted by outdoor noise.I stayed in a deluxe double room that was located in the front of the building. The room exceeded my expectations in every possible way. It was a large size and included a very comfortable bed. The entire hotel recently underwent a renovation so everything was virtually brand new. The bathroom was very impressive--heated floors, towels, and TV in the shower! I did not eat at the restaurant, but did order room service and was satisfied with the food. The quality of service was exceptional and every hotel staff member I encountered was very courteous and professional.When I return to London, I will definitely stay at the Royal Horseguards. I really hated to leave and can't recommend it any more highly!	
Aug 5 2009 	Did Not Meet Expectations	I was disappointed with this hotel. I was expecting a 5-star hotel, which I assume includes excellent service, but that wasn't what we received. We arrived at the hotel shortly after 1 p.m., and I asked if we could check in. I realized that this would be an early check-in, but sometimes hotels make that accommodation. The clerk said matter-of-factly -- &quot;check is at 2 p.m.&quot; No explanation, no &quot;the room isn't ready,&quot; nothing. It was -- this is the time you can check in, and that's that. Fair enough, I guess, but not very accommodating. So, we walked around for a bit and came back at 2:20 p.m. to check in with the same clerk as before. Our room wasn't ready. Keep in mind that we had just been on a 9 1/2 hour flight, and we were exhausted and wanted a shower and rest. He told us it would be ready in 30 minutes, and he offered us tea while we waited. And it really was only 30 minutes, but the clerk's attitude was very poor. To add insult to injury, the waiter was verrrry slow in bringing us our tea. It was quite frustrating. Our room didn't have any robes in it, so we had to ask for those. Also, I had to dry my hair in the bedroom at the desk, rather than the bathroom, because the outlet in the bathroom is for shavers only. I paid for a room with a view. Our view was not good. We were on the 6th floor, and we saw mostly trees. If you want a view room, I would only get one on the 7th floor or higher. Also, there are balconies in the rooms, but you cannot go on them -- the doors are locked!On the positive side, the room was quite large for London standards, clean, and updated. So, to sum up, the service was inconsistent, but the rooms are nice. I would not get a &quot;view&quot; room at this hotel if I stayed here again. But since there are so many hotels in London to choose from, I probably won't stay here again on my next trip.	
Aug 2 2009 	An excellent stay in elegant surroundings - first class	I stayed here recently on an overnight theatre trip. The rooms are modern with every little luxury you could want - robes, tv in the bathroom, ipod dock etc etc. The breakfast had plenty to offer from a selection of hot and cold. Although the drinks are expensive, I guess this is what you would expect in a 5 star London hotel. The location just off Whitehall is very handy for the London Eye, the West End and the London bus tour stops. Considering we were in London it was incredibly quiet. Overall, a very good experience - I will be back!	
Aug 1 2009 	A refined elegant hotel in a great location with a responsive accommodating staff	My partner and I spent 4 nights at the Royal Horsguards Hotel, having booked one of their 'Royal' rooms, and found the décor to be refined and quite pleasing, the beds supremely comfortable and the room spacious. Our request for feather pillows was addressed quickly by the Housekeeping staff.The first night the air-conditioning broke down and the maintenance staff person could not repair it, although he did clean the filter which was obviously in great need of such. Our room was changed that next day and, again, we found the air-conditioning to be problematic in this room as well. The maintenance person was again summoned and he also enlisted the assistance of the maintenance manager. The filter in this room was also in dire need of cleaning and, once this was done, the A/C worked perfectly in this room. Breakfast was buffet-style, being quite extensive and plentiful, although the breakfast staff seemed somewhat frazzled each morning because of the fast pace required of them. Again, to touch upon the décor of the hotel, we found it to be of exceptionally high quality throughout.We had occasion to interact with the Guest Relations Manager, Mr. Matthias Kussner, regarding an 'incident', of which he not only resolved expeditiously and professionally to our satisfaction, but he also graciously invited us to partake of afternoon tea in the hotel lounge which we accepted and thoroughly enjoyed. A gesture of a truly higher quality establishment.Our only critique would be that the Maintenance Department should perform routinely scheduled cleaning of the rooms' A/C filters, which was obviously not being done. We found the overall experience in this hotel to be very positive and, once the A/C problem had been resolved and we were able to regulate the A/C to a comforting cooler temperature, which I require, we would have been quite content to have our abbreviated stay extended indefinitely.We LOVE the Royal Horseguards Hotel!!!!	
Jul 28 2009 	Want to go back again and spend more time there!	A hotel to me is just a convienent bed while you visit somewhere far from hom, but this hotel I want to stay in again just to enjoy it! We only stayed one night so didnl;t get to see the views of the River Thames, the restaurant or any of the facilities, but what we did see was a fantastic location, very polite and helpful staff, beautiful decor and convenient hotel layout ie lifts near restaurant, toilets near bar etc. Negatives - King Double surpisingly small. shower in King Double not very good, you can't avoid the jet to wash your hair! Sink too big making bathroom too small. Bed too hard for my liking (but that is just a personal preference). No complimentary water (but bizarrly a tv in the bathroom. Would have preferred the water to be honest). Parking about 10 mins walk away, not impossible but inconvenient when you have cases. Saying that, I would go back without hesitation, but I would get a different room.	
Jul 27 2009 	Extremely professional service - stylish hotel - great location	We went to London for work and extended the stay over the weekend for leisure. The Royal Horseguards was an excellent hotel - we have a new London favourite! Within 10 mins walk of Trafalgar Square, it is very easy to get to any main attraction in the city, and it is about 3 mins walk to Embankment Tube. Lovely room, very clean, and an extremely comfortable bed - bliss! Excellent shower. We arrived late, so we had fantastic food from room service - hot, fresh and cooked perfectly, delivered quickly. It was so good we opted to have lunch in the lovely garden terrace restaurant - equally good food. We had some trouble with the airconditioner - it was a very hot week in London - and this was fixed straight away. Unfortunately, the following night, it broke down again. When we reported the problem, action was immediately taken, and we were transferred to an identical room, and everything was handled with utmost courtesy and professionalism. Can't speak highly enough of the staff - every single person we dealt with, from front desk to cleaners, was friendly, helpful and utterly professional. What could have been an irritating problem was promptly corrected and did not detract in any way from the enjoyment of our stay. The hotel was lovely - the staff quite brilliant. We will definitely be staying there again for future visits to London.	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect Service	Having had glowing reports of the Royal Horseguards from my son and daughter-in-law, who had stayed there on two occasions, I decided that it would be the ideal place to celebrate my 80th birthday. My daughter-in-law had emailed ahead asking for various surprises for me, i.e. champagne in the bedroom on my birthday morning et. This was served persosnally by Dena the Guest Relations Manager, together with complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries. The hote staff also decorated my breafast table..We were looked after superbly by all the staff.The room was delightful with everything you could expect aand more.The hotel also provided complimentary canapes and a beautiful chocolate torte birthday cake.Can't wait to come back.	
Jul 24 2009 	Beautiful rooms perfect location	Our family, 2 adults and 2 teenagers, had 2 room for 4 nights. The rooms were recently renovated and are incredible (they even have a TV screen over the bathtub). Roomy with comfortable furnishings, beds, sitting chairs, desk. Everything was new. The only drawback was that one of the rooms was an interior room with frosted window glass and no outside view. However upon request the hotel moved us to a beautiful exterior room the next night. This hotel is in the perfect location for walking London. Wireless works great in rooms.	
Jul 24 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel modern and clean	We stayed in a basic double room, couldnt find any complaints, very tidy, clean and modern with I Pod dock in bedroom and flat screen in bathroom with speakers in ceiling. Really very very nice. The only thing to watch out for is at the bar. They only sell 50ml measures so look forward to at least £8 per drink. Not that this stopped us racking up £500 in one weekend! Lovely views, Cant wait to go back	
Jul 24 2009 	New year	Stayed here for new year.Best location directly opposite Millenium wheel.Number one place to stay for new year celebrations.	
Jul 21 2009 	Perfect stay for a celebration	Took my mother here for her 80th birthday along with my father and wife.We had previously arranged for champagne to be taken to her room on the morning of her birthday (provided by us and chilled by the hotel) and complimentary strawberries arrived as well. We were assigned a guest relations manager (Dena) on arrival and she looked after us perfectly escorting us to breakfast via the VIP entrance to a table decorated with items previously provided by us. In the afternoon we had complimentary tea as we were staying in gourman king river view rooms on The 6th floor (641 &amp; 645) along with a chocolate cake with candles and &quot;Happy 80th Birthday&quot; on it kindly provided by the hotel. Room 645 has a large walk in shower which is ideal for the more eldely guests. Both rooms were large and have TV in the bathroom along with an ipod socket. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and all in all our stay was superb so we will be back.	
Jul 20 2009 	The Royal Horseguards Never Disappoints...	I recently returned from a visit to the UK and stayed for 4 nights at the Royal Horseguards, my fourth time staying there whilst in London. I cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. The location is superb, close to a Tube station (if you take the Tube from the airport, you can easily wheel your suitcase from the station to the hotel and save a ton on cab fare), across the river from the London Eye and within a short 5-10 minute riverside walk to Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and Trafalgar Square in a quiet, upscale part of town. The Embankment Pier is right outside, allowing you to catch river cruises along the Thames for spectacular views of the sites and the hotel which is a historic landmark itself. After sightseeing all day, it is wonderful to come back to this part of town and take a evening stroll, seeing everything lit up so majestically. The newly updated rooms are spacious (even by American standards - they are more like mini-suites), featuring large flat-screen TVs in the bedroom and in the shower (it gets addicting as does the integrated iPod station that allows you to play music throughout the space). The rooms feature both North American and European outlets so you don't need an international travel adapter to charge your camera, etc. which is nice.The staff is always very gracious and will try to accommodate early check-in for overseas visitors. As far as the restaurants, in my opinion, it is well worth including breakfast in your reservation rate, the spread is constantly refreshed and offers a lot of variety. For those who prefer to eat elsewhere, there is a Starbucks right around the corner. In summary, this relaxing oasis has a lot to offer the overseas visitor and they have always made feel like I was staying at a second home when I'm there. I will be back.	
Jul 19 2009 	Ticks all the boxes!	I took my sister-in-law to London as a surprise 70th birthday trip. From the first minute we entered the hotel we were treated like royals! The room view is breathtaking - panorama of Thames, all the familiar buildings on its banks. The room itself was spacious and lovely - plenty of space to sit by the window and enjoy the view over a cup of fine tea or coffee (complements of the hotel). All the modern cons - climate control, ionic hairdryer, iron and ironing board - and the tv in the bathroom (flufy towels and robes plus slippers).The light welcomes you the minute you enter the room, just make sure you leave your key card in the slot on the wall by the door. Did not have time to check what tv channels were available, just enough to watch something while we relaxed in a hot bath after sightseeing. Staff is really attentive and helpful, breakfast is lovely (we got it inclusive with the room), better to have it early, or some goodies might be gone. The location of the hotel is perfect, next to the Embankment tube station. Everything is within the walking distance, that is why it is worth paying a little extra and not bother with travelling by transport - just a healthy walk to any major attraction! Was uder impression that beddig is changed every day - it somehow was not, but a free paper was delivered first thing in the morning! Go for it! It is a treat! Visit the Olde Cheshire Cheese pub in Fleet street for lunch - I found myseld sitting on a bench favoured by Charles Dickens! &quot;Chicago&quot; in Cambridge theatre is fab and river cruise is a must! Templers Church and Southwark Cathedral made a perfect ed to a spiritual tour!	
Jul 17 2009 	Out of this world	This hotel is fantastic and total out of this world. Everything about it, the room, service etc was amazing!	
Jul 10 2009 	Quality hotel with an amazing restaurant	I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 1 night as part of my honeymoon. Although we tried to cram in as much sight seeing as we could and therefore didnt spend much time in the hotel, we were still very impressed with what we experienced.From the moment we arrived the concierge were very helpful and the check in was very prompt and polite with a few questions we asked about touristy stuff dealt answered with no problems and with a smile.We received an upgrade as it was our honeymoon and we had an amazing view of the London Eye. The room was lovely with bathrobes and slippers and the tv in the bathroom when having a bath/shower is a very nice touch.It is in an excellent location with downing street literally a 1 minute walk over the street, big ben 5 minutes away and buckingham palace a 15 minute walk. The London Eye is directly over the Thames approx 15 minute walk although we didnt have enough time to experience this.The best part of our hotel experience was the restaurant. We didnt have much time to get food before the show we were going to so we decided to eat in the hotel restaurant. We didnt know the time of when dinner was served and when we turned up we were 20 mins early with the staff were still preparing tables etc. This was no problem to them and we were seated and given a complimentary cocktail due to our honeymoon even though we made no mention of it. The food was brilliant, the service was fantastic and price was very reasonable which I was very surprised with considering the quality of food on offer.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I will definitely go back!	
Jul 7 2009 	For what is supposed to be a 5-star hotel the concierge service was one of the worst ever	The hotel was fairly recently refurbished and given a 5-star rating but we were sorely disappointed with the level of service, particularly the concierge. If you're hoping to make reservations for dinner, I suggest you do your own research and make the call yourself. We requested in the late afternoon for their assistance in making reservations for dinner and waited for the the concierge desk to call us back to inform us if the reservation had been made. We did not receive a call back despite waiting for at least half an hour if not longer and decided to make the call to the restaurant ourselves. When we informed the concierge not to bother with helping us, there was no apology for the delay in getting back to us, and clearly they did not appreciate the fact that it was already late in the day and we would need to know if the reservation had been secured. Another annoying experience was that although they asked for our preference as regards newspapers, there was none to be found at the door and each morning, we had to call for newspapers to be delivered. And one day when in the hotel lobby, we requested their assistance in helping us contact a taxi company to which they directed us to payphone down the hall. As guests of the hotel, we were made to feel unwelcome and the shabby treatment we experienced was not what we expected of a 5-star hotel. Disappointing overall and I would not return.	
Jul 6 2009 	Sooo nice	In short, its a great hotel, I upgraded to a room with a river view - to me that's a must. Also go for rooms higher up to get a better view and stop the trees blocking the view.TV in the shower, plush furnishings, even the doorell is very likable.Maybe a bit on the expensive side, but is one of the best Hotels in London I've found.	
Jul 4 2009 	Blown away and its only day 1	WOW my wife and I arrived after a flight from the US this morning and from the very first moment the staff have been reserved but only too happy to help in any way possible. They readily accommodated our previous request for early check-in and have responded with a great sense of urgency to our requests and inquiries as we settle in. Words do not do the hotel and its location justice. Our King Room has a wonderful view out over the river and the city up towards St. Paul. All appointments are - so far - first rate!!! Our &quot;power nap&quot; this afternoon to help get over jet lag proved that the bed and its linens are just great. My gut tells me that we have found our new home for future trips to London and this is just &quot;Day 1&quot;.	
Jul 4 2009 	Quite simply the most beautiful hotel with the most beautiful views in London	My boyfriend suprised me with a stay at the Royal Horseguards for my birthday. I have always admired this hotel as it looks like a fairytale castle on the thames. I can say that I truly felt like a princess staying here in the most beautiful rooms with the most incredible views over London (nearly 180 degree views from St Pauls and the Gerkin past the Oxo Tower and the London Eye). My boyfriend recommends upgrading the room for what it costs as it's well worth it! We had room service and it was the best table in the city! The room itself is gorgeous. Modern decor in a classic shell. The bed had gorgeous white egyptian cotton sheets and was plush and comfortable. There was a delicious box of chocolates waiting on the bed complimentary of the hotel which was a lovely touch. The bathroom is fantastic - amazing views again with a great shower, lovely decor, his and her sinks and a tv over the bathtub! The hotel is in a terrific location - very central but also quite quiet. It's only a 5 minute walk from Trafalgar Square or Big Ben. The restaurant is very good. We enjoyed a lovely afternoon tea. Breakfast was also very good, though service in the breakfast room wasn't the best and is probably the only non-5 star part of the hotel. However, room service was terrific as we got back to the hotel late and they specially made us a meal even though we were well past the dinner service period - and it tasted great! They didn't make us feel guilty about it at all, which was great. We would also advise making use of the concierge services as they know their stuff. The only thing I would recommend would be improved private lounge areas for guests only.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting the ideal London hotel experience with a touch of something special.	
Jul 3 2009 	Lots of technical issues	nice building, nice location, well-appointed room. However, technology was complete let down. Both bed-side lights did not work (probably just broken light bulbs bit still...) Worse, the wifi did not work for 2 days. spend 40 mins on the phone with the helpdesk, who were friendly but couldn't resolve the issue. it wasn't my computer as i used wifi everywhere, including the same day and the next morning at different locations. There is a TV in the shower but no sound...the one thing that did work a charm was the iPod docking station- should be required in all hotels. The stupidest thing though was that my room had a small balcony with French doors but they were locked for 'health &amp; safety reasons'. What gives?	
Jun 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel perfect location	This hotel is perfect. The staff was very helpful when we inquired about restaurants and directions. It had comfortable, though firm, beds. Our room was clean and beautifully appointed. I booked a room without a view to save some money and don't regret it too much. We had no view, but I was too tired from walking all over London to look out the window anyway. The hotel is right on the Thames, so I am sure the views are to die for. The London Eye is just across the way. This hotel is so centrally located we walked everywhere. The Millenium bridge is yards away, Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus are close as well. We walked to Westminster Abbey and the tube is so close, we could hop on it easily. I only wish we could have stayed longer. If I ever get the chance to return, this is the only hotel I would go to!	
Jun 25 2009	Very nice excellent staff very good room.	I recently stayed at the Horseguards with my Mother - it was her first trip to England and I wanted to find someplace special. The deal I got through the Horseguards website was just great - it came to about $180.00/night, including breakfast. The location really could not be more central. It was surprisingly quiet, modern and comfy. My only quibble was that the room was interior, and we had a view of the air shaft. But for the price we really couldn't beat it, not with the amenities.	
Jun 23 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	We have stayed at this hotel several times over the years and it gets better and better.Since it has been refurbished it is truly 5*. The staff are wonderful helpful pleasant and can't do enough for you it does'nt matter if you are a millionair or just ordinary folk like us the treatment is the same or seems like it. Very central location you can walk everywhere just wonderful treat yourself	
Jun 14 2009 	wonderful hotel	have just returned after spending the night at the royal horseguards,had taken my mother on her 1st trip to the capital in nearly 20 years..this hotel really is luxury at an affordable price,have stayed in quite a few hotels all round the world,this one had one of the biggest rooms i have stayed in,beautiful bathroom with flatscreen tv above the bath,in the main room another flatscreen above an enornmous writing desk..whoever did the refurb on this hotel has done a fantastic job....the hotel is also in a great location for sightseeing{downing st,big ben,thames,london eye,buckingham palace,trafalgar sq,all within 10 mins walk}also 10 mins walk to covent garden...embankment station 2 mins walk away...also near charing cross station...went to see oliver while we were there,fantastic show,if you are lucky enough to see it,make sure you get a rickshaw back to the hotel,we arrived back at the wonderful terrace bar within 10 mins of the show ending....also we were lucky enough to see the queen at the trooping of the colour,what a brilliant experience that was...a great trip to the capital and the royal horseguards helped in a capital way!!!!!!	
Jun 14 2009 	outstanding experience	We picked this hotel because of its location (Theater District), price (reasonable), and Trip Advisor rating. We were pleasantly surprised because it was even better than expected. The room was huge, especially for European standards, with leather chairs and cherry wood furniture. We had a sleeping area, sitting area, and desk as well as large dresser with mirror. There was plenty of closet space. The bathroom was wonderful, a big deep tub with wall television and heated towel racks. We had a complete complimentary tea service as well as french-press coffee pot. The service was stately and cordial. Drinks in the bar were expensive, but everything in London is expensive when you're using American dollars. The location was perfect ... two blocks away from the noisy touristy areas but very quiet. We walked to several theaters for the evening performances. Be sure and try TKTS in Leicester Square for half priced tickets (maybe six block from the hotel). We certainly would stay here again!	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic location faultless service	I stayed at this hotel for a one night business trip, and was very impressed. The location on the Embankment right opposite the London Eye is spectacular. Rooms are very well equipped and comfortable with wonderful views if you request a river facing room. The hotel really excels with its service, particulally the front of house staff who really make an effort to enhance your stay. Nothing was too much trouble and the whole place had the feel of a very well managed establishment.Food was good and there is a lovely outside terrace for al fresco dining. Hard to fault in any respect, if you get a room at a reasonable price you wont want to leave.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good hotel - very well located	We actually stayed here on the first day of the hotel's re-opening on 25 Feb, so there was a lot of ceremony and a couple of Royal Horseguards complete with their horses outside. It's an amazing building which still retains most of its original features. On arrival, there was a bit of a problem with our room so we had to wait a while but we were made to feel very welcome. Our room was not that large, but it was very well furnished and I rather like the iPod dock set into the wall. It even worked with my iPhone. The bathroom was nice and had a plasma TV set into the wall above the bath. Sadly, we didn't get a view from the window as it looked out onto a central well and other rooms, but, hey, we weren't there to stare out of the windows! Breakfast next morning was very good. All in all, a very good hotel that I'd definitely use again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Wonderful Hotel great location.	We had a wonderful stay at the Royal Horseguards Hotel. I was a little worried that getting such a good bargain was going to mean a room overlooking the bins but we had a great room on the 7th floor. No river view but a view over the roofs of the nearby buildings - not too bad! The room itself was amazing and spotless. I wish i could hire their cleaner to come and clean my house - it was incredible how clean it was. Everything you can imagine is in the room - plasma tv, ipod docking station and a tv in the bathroom which is great (for those looking for the speakers to this it is all linked in to the surround sound for the main tv - instructions explain everything). And they have thought of everything to make your stay really enjoyable. The staff were friendly, taxi's ordered when requested, luggage looked after when needed. We walked from the hotel to Regents Street and Covent Garden and it is within walking distance of all of the theatres. The underground station is just across the road. Cannot praise the hotel enough and I will certainly be booking up to stay there again next year. Just disappointed that we only booked it for one night - could have stayed there a lot longer.	
Jun 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel 5 *****. Watch out Minibar is not complimentry!!	I arrived Saturday 6th June for check in and was allocated with Deluxe Double room. Room as I had booked directly via Guoman Hotels online. the room was very well appointed yet was quite small. I then returned to the reception, had have been previously been made aware that I could take an upgrade for a river view room for an additional £ 20.00 night, and I accepted room 745 on the 7th floor with wonderful views of the London eye, and the Square mile skyline. Again, the room was very well appointed and large with a very comfortable double bed, free Wifi internet access, coded safe, multi-channel LCD tv and fresh coffee and tea making facilites. I was out most of the daytime for the duration of my stay visiting friends and sightseeing and returned to find that the housekeeping had promptly visited. There is a small mini bar which I should add I made the silly assumption was complimentry, I had friends back to my room before our night out on Leicester Square on Saturday night!! Hotel is very central and the Embankment tube station is three mins away with access to three major underground lines. checked out on Monday and it was then I was presented with my bill for ''additional charges'', was suprised as there was no notice of this in my booking, however I beleive that this would be outlined in the conditions of your booking!! As my flight was not till 9pm from heathrow, I had anticipated an area where my baggage could be left and the reception called the concierge as I they enquired when I was departing London, the service here was always outstanding and very professional!!! I noticed when I was unpacking on return home to Dublin, that there was a £ 20.00 discount voucher off ny next stay in any of the Guoman Group hotels, this was a nice gesture!!Overall, I would stay at this hotel again without a shadow of a doubt. This watch the minibar charges and nibbles which for me amounted to £ 108.00!!!	
Jun 8 2009 	good hotel	good location and very friendly at check in. They offered us interconnecting rooms as we were a family of four. Room was beautiful - very stylish. Tv in the bath area! Breakfast was very good and waitress very friendly and helpful. The one thing that spoiled the stay for me was the fact it was a Sat night and all through the night we could hear disco music like we were in a nightclub. This stopped me from sleeping and also my daughter. On check out I mentioned this and as it happened so did another customer on check out as well. The lady on reception said it was the nightclub around the corner. Its a shame as I would not go back again due to this as our room was on the 5th floor and it was still very loud. Shame really as apart from that it is a great hotel and they have spend lots of money making it look wonderful.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel is very well situated on the Embankment, with a view of the London Eye, just minutes walking from Charing Cross or Embankment Station. I recommend upgrading to a room with a view, it is a terrific view of the London Eye, South Bank, and the River Thames. The staff is very friendly and very professional. They were very accomodating, providing help with their free WiFi, inviting us out on the terrace to smoke, even cleaning the room, when my traveling companion left the &quot;Do Not Disturb Light&quot; on by accident. The only negative, they don't seem to provide &quot;turn down&quot; service... oh well, hardly the most important thing one needs to do without!	
Jun 2 2009 	Beautiful Rooms	We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms! They were huge! We had a king-sized bed and a large bathroom with a tv in the shower! The room was also very comfortable and overlooked a park that was between the hotel and the Thames. The location of the hotel is ideal - we walked everywhere! It is very close to Big Ben, the South Bank, the London Eye, Trafalger Square, Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus, etc. Also, the Embankment and Charing Cross tube stops are less than a 5 min walk away.A couple of things to watch for...We had requested and early check-in and unfortunately the hotel was unable to accommodate us. We were very tired from a long flight and couldn't check in until 2pm. Also, be wary of the concierge's suggestions...a pub he suggested for us for dinner was packed and did not have a great menu. And he directed us on a Sunday to a food market on the South Bank that was very, very closed. We were pretty upset about this so from this day on, we refused to ask him for suggestions on anything.So...if you're looking for a hotel that is very nice, clean, comfortable and in a great location, stay here! Overall, we were very happy with our stay.	
May 31 2009	Excellent London Stay!	Really pleased with this hotel choice. When my sister and I travel, we usually follow Rick Steves's advice. We found him quite lacking on London, so instead looked for higher-end hotels on our own using tripadvisor reviews and ratings, and we're sure glad we did!! London's economy certainly helped us get the great deal we got for our room, a twin double facing the Thames and the Eye. We wanted a view, great location, non-smoking, and luxury for ~$200/night -- we got it all. Some additional notes: the windows don't open to the terrace/at all; the layout can be awkward in the room (one armoire) and bathroom (tight sink, odd shower operation); extremely quiet because of its location but not soundproof; steps from the Embankment Tube stop and near others. The concierge attendants were exceptionally helpful and the breakfast (ours included) was a delightful and plentiful start to or every day. Highly recommend -- don't think we could have gotten this combination of luxury, value, and location anywhere else.	
May 31 2009	I will visit again.	I took my mother to London for her 70th birthday and also to visit family. At the end of the trip my mom said that she wished she could pack the room up and take it back with her. The staff was professional and courteous. I especially want to recognize and tank Milton who was the concierge on staff during most of the days we were there. He was fantastic. I booked an inside room and after reading an earlier review I considered upgrading and I am glad I did not. The inside room did have frosted lower windows because there is no view but we did not plan to stay in the room looking out at the vew for any considerable period of time. The hotel is within walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, The Eye, Buckingham Palace and Covent Garden. If you want to travel by the underground the Embankment Station is around the corner. This hotel is a gem. It was the best stay that I have had had a hotel so far.	
May 30 2009 	Wonderful Comfortable Experience	Had a nine-day stay at RH&gt; They upgraded to Executive so that is the room I describe. It was large, well appointed and extremely attractive. Yes, we were on the back side of the hotel, away from the Thames but the location, willing staff and overall elegance made tis a memorable stay. The English breakfast is overpriced and not a value against thye many pastry and sausage shops on nearby Villiers St. Do NOT miss the performance of La Cage aux Folles at the theater just a block away!	
May 30 2009	Highly Recommend!	My daughter and I stayed at the Royal Horseguards in late April during our amazing London adventure. I picked the hotel from reading reviews on this site, and could not have been more pleased. The location was perfect! The staff was delightful and the rooms were gorgeous and newly refurbished. We were able to drop off our luggage early since we landed in London in the morning and check-in wasn't until the afternoon. Highlights:1. The Embankment tube station is right across the street, with connections to many lines.2. Costa coffee shop right by the Embankment station entrance: the awesome barista remembered our orders after the first day and greeted us with smiles and was basically a rock star.3. Jubilee pedestrian bridge to the South Bank: incredible views, great photo site. Great restaurants on the South Bank- we ate there 4 nights. Don't miss Wagamama! Lots of locals go there for happy hour. Fun area to hang out.4. Walking distance to SO many places. Trafalgar Square and National Gallery are just a couple of blocks away. We walked to Leicester Square to the TKTS booth, and later that day we walked to our theater on the Strand. 5. Don't miss the Victoria Embankment Gardens located between the hotel and the Thames. Beautiful! Great place for a picnic on a nice day. 6. The hotel is in a very quiet area (mostly government buildings nearby). 7. The architecture is stunning! One note- ask for instructions on how to operate the lights in the room, as it was not intuitive, at least for us!!	
May 26 2009 	Great location	The Royal Horseguards is located along the River Thames with easy access to subway station. The room is on the small side, but adequate. The bathroom definitely can fit only one person at a time, and the shower, though bigger than the usual glass enclosed shower, leaked water through the gap between the shower door and the floor. The view of the River Thames and London Eye across the river was spatacular. On the other hand, it took housekeeping two days to bring two extra pillows (and only after 3 phone calls to separate division in the hotel throughout the two days). Philip, the concierge, spent hours trying to find spa treatment over a busy weekend. The hotel breakfast was good, and satisfying. The architecture of the hotel is also rather stunning.	
May 24 2009 	An outstanding hotel - extremely polite staff who provide outstanding service	Loved our whole stay. Exceptionally high standard room and bathroom. The staff could not have been more pleasant and polite. Loved the location and everything about it. Will definitely be back!	
May 17 2009 	Outstanding service in a perfect location	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 4 days in early May, 2009. I joined my son, who had checkin two days earlier. We both found the service throughout the hotel to be perfect. Employees were friendly, helpful and attentive. He and I kept very different schedules, as he loves the London club scene and I like historical sites. They were able to clean the room whenever it was convenient for us. Wireless internet was available throughout the hotel. Connections speeds were excellent, which allowed my son to continue working on his web site development business throughout our stay. The breakfast, which we payed extra to have was very good--typical English breakfast. There are many cheaper alternatives around the hotel, including a local pub that served breakfast for about 3GBP. The local is perfect for tourists. It is only a few blocks to the Thames and the Jubilee foot bridge across the Thames. Many of the theaters are a short walk away, along with many other historical sites. The Embankment tube station is a very short walk. Although it is an older building, the hotel was very well maintained. Rooms were reasonably quiet, although I did hear some muted dance music on Saturday night, and the doors to the rooms closed with a loud bang that could be heard through the walls. However, I could not hear any sounds from adjacent rooms. Our twin room had two double beds and by European standards was spacious. There is a small free business center, which I used to print out my airline boarding passes. The fitness center has some aerobic equipment, but no weights or weight machines.This is the best hotel I have stayed in London and I will return here on my next visit.	
May 6 2009 	I'd definitely stay here again!	I booked my 5-night stay at the Royal Horseguards on Travelocity at a significant discount of the hotel's online rates--under $200/night, which is fairly good for a London hotel! The hotel's location is stellar. You are adjacent to the Embankment Tube stop which has several lines to take you around the city, close to the Thames river, and within an easy walk of major tourist attractions such as Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, the London Eye, the Theatre District, shopping....though I walked much further than that, which is part of what makes London great!The lobby was elegant, with a friendly doorman/concierge desk that greeted us each time we entered. The room (a twin--meaning, 2 twin beds) was elegant and high tech. A word to the wise: for those unfamiliar with this kind of technology, to operate the lights, you have to insert your room key! We were admittedly groggy when we got there, and accidentally set off the panic alarm beside the bed! Some of the techno aspects of it were a bit pointless, but I would take that over inadequate facilities. For those bringing electronics, there are built in dual voltage converters, and plug adaptors are available to borrow (I brought my own, so I am not sure how readily available they are). I didn't try them, but there were a variety of outlets above the desk which appeared to fit many different types of plugs. The room also had an ipod charger/built-in speaker system. It would not charge my iphone, but I could play it, which we did once (not like I was hanging in the room!!!). Other in-room amenities include an iron/trouser press, tea/coffee maker, flat screen TV, in-shower TV (though no sound from what we could tell), a mini bar, a hair dryer, robes, slippers, an umbrella to use, toiletries, HUGE fluffy bath towels with a heated towel bar, FREE wireless internet (great for using Skype w/ my iphone for making cheap calls to my friends in the US and abroad!!!), and an electronic safe. I took my stars down a notch simply because our safe was inoperable, and staff did not fix it after repeated calls. This was really the only negative, and not much of one...our excess cash and passports ended up being fine in the room. Aside from the safe, the only negative of our room was that we had no natural light--our &quot;window&quot; looked out on a faux light well...so, we had no view or light. Honestly, though I would have liked that, it was not that big of a negative for us. We mostly spent the time in the room asleep or getting ready to leave anyway! All in all, I don't think I'd even try another hotel...if I could get this one at the same rate, I would definitely stay here again!!!	
May 5 2009 	A Very Nice City Hotel	Great finishing touches like flat screen t.v. in the bathroom, soft bedroom lights, selection of herbal teas/coffees in room, very friendly staff.	
May 4 2009 	Can not say enough good things about this hotel	I absolutely loved this hotel -- it made our trip to London just that much better. Not only is it beautiful, but the rooms are great (small, but so is everything around there), the bathrooms had gorgeous marble in them, fresh coffee/tea and cookies awaited us every morning, etc. The complimentary English breakfast was great -- we dined down there every morning with no problems and barely any wait.The only downshot was our room didn't have A/C. As we vacationed in May, that's not a biggie, but something to look into for the summer months.Aside from how great the hotel was, the location can't be beat. You'll save tons of money on Tube fares alone. We're right next to Parliment, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, and - literally - across the street from a Tube station (the name escapes me right at the moment).Overall, fantastic.	
May 3 2009 	definitely not a room with a view!	Was really looking forward to my stat ay the Royal horseguards and my first impressions were good. Staff at reception very helpful and check in was quick. My pleasure was spoilt however wnen I saw the room as it had no natural daylight - just blacked out windows. Being slightly claustrophic found this very unpleasant. Decided to stick with it as we were only staying the one night. The room was quite small but the furnishings were of a high standard and everything was very clean. The air conditioning was really noisy so we had to switch it off at night. Spent a very hoy and sticky night - constantly being woken up by bangs and crashes from within the hotel, Don;t know whether our room was near a service area or something.. Really glad to get up. Breakfast was lovely although we had to wait quite a while to get seated.Might recomend the place to someone else but would definitely say if they gave you room 121 - ask for it to be changed!	
May 2 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location	We spent five days in London in this very lovely hotel early in March. We were quite pleased with the hotel itself, the service and the location. The hotel rooms are well designed. The rooms are small but well appointed and very adequate. The lounge and restaurant prices are pricey ... service , though was very good...there are other more affordable options in the area. The location can not be beat . We were able to walk to most sites including the West End theater area. The hotel is approximately five minutes from Westminster Abbey. I certainly would return to this hotel.	
May 1 2009 	A really good London experience	A very nice, classy hotel right near the Thames, Big Ben, houses of parliament etc. Excellent breakfast service. Watch out though for the 'inside' rooms: they are just as luxurious as the rest but you have a view on - well - nothing. A bit depressing. Got myself an easy and very cheap upgrade to a room with riverside view. Much better. Liked the additional European wallsocket, the built-in iPod player and TV in the bathroom. All in all a very classy hotel with perfect rooms and - in general - good serivce (although it is always a people's business and some are friendlier than others).	
Apr 30 2009 	wonderful hotel for our wonderful wedding	We stayed at the Horseguards weekend of 3rd April for two nights. We were married next door at the National Liberal Club (although the hotel does provide its own wedding ceremony facilities). We reserved eight rooms, including one for elderly woman with disabled access. My husband and I were upgraded to an executive room with a fantastic view of the London Eye but even the 'internal view' rooms were spacious and clean and extremely comfortable. From the time we checked in to the time we left on Sunday morning the hotel and its staff were incredibly helpful and friendly. On the Friday night our family held a private dinner in their private dining room and we were catered for exceptionally well - discreet service, not overbearing but no one wanted for anything. As bride to be I had various deliveries to my room during the Big Day itself and the reception staff were friendly and very efficient. Being the exhausted and slightly spaced out Bride on the Saturday night/Sunday morning I was awake at 5am and we ordered fruit juice, bread and tea for me via room service - beautifully presented and most welcome! The group bookings team were very helpful and met with us before our stay to ensure we had everything sorted out. I could not fault their service and we chose the most wonderful venue. Waking up on the day of my wedding looking at the London Eye and Thames at sunrise was an experience I'll never forget. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a classy, clean, chic venue in a very central London location. Breakfast too was also plentiful and staff very friendly!	
Apr 29 2009 	STAY HERE!	If you want to save money on buses, subways, taxis etc. and instead spend that money on a first rate hotel, do it! This hotel is located smack dab in the middle of the best area of London. Go. Stay here. You will NOT be disappointed! Guaranteed!! Rooms first rate. Service, first rate. Location, first rate. Took my wife here for her 40th Bday. We walked from the Tower Of London back to this hotel. If we can do it, so can you. I can't stress this enough....... STAY @ ROYAL!!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Dated....but (read my review)	Had a to plan a trip to London, for a concert.Me and my mate looked for several places and ending up getting The Royal Horseguards as a Top secret Hotel through Lastminute.com.**For those who don't know, lastminute.com offer you on your dates you've selected a hotel that don't know roughly where it is but not the name and star of the hotel at discount prices. After you book you receive a e-mail with your hotel name.**I have to admit it may not of been our first choice but the location is good.I got the hotel for £75 for me and my girlfriend for 1 night, where it was nearly double with booking it with them.When we arrived as we both bought the room separately we checked in and I got a room with a view of the thames and the london eye. The decor was a bit old fashion for my liking, but i'm not knocking the hotel if thats your taste then fine. The room was clean and spacious. The Bathroom was quite big and clean. I didn't try the food there so i can't comment.The staff were really quick and helpful.I'm not sure i would return but saying that (as I'm posting this 2 years after my stay) I have been informed and checked out the website www.theroyalhorseguards.co.uk, The hotel has been completely vamped up into a very modern hotel.So I may actually consider staying here again if the website is anything to go by.So check back i may have a rating in the near future.I can't really give it an overall score, Seems though with the revamp it looks good for the Royal Horseguards.	
Apr 25 2009 	Couldn't have been better!	We booked four Royal Double bedrooms (with view of the river) for one night, in celebration of a silver wedding anniversary celebration on Tuesday 21st April. The whole hotel is in pristine condition and our bedrooms were no exception, on the 5th and 6th floor, beautiful and spacious with very high ceilings. We specifically booked this hotel because it was close to the theatres, had excellent reviews on tripadvisor, and because it had been recently refurbished, and we definitely made the right choice!The whole guest experience has really had a lot of thought put into it. Our rooms all had air-conditioning, mini bar, tea/coffee tray + biscuits, safe, iron + ironing board, lovely new bathroom with tv, heated floor and towel rail. Excellent shower pressure! Things such as lighting, televisions, ipod speaker, may seem cryptic but are accompanied by clear instuctions. TV has loads of channels, including sky sports, not just the freeview ones. Love the little electronic sign outside the door which is operated from inside the room (Do not disturb/ Make up our room), and the door buzzer!! Without wanting to give away too much, there are lots of lovely small touches which really make staying there special.We ate in the hotel restaurant for lunch on the day of arrival. Had the set menu (choice of 2/3 dishes for each course, £20 ish for two courses) and the food was delicious. Smoked salmon or tomato soup for starter, salmon benedict or beef medallions for main, sticky toffee pud, pannacotta or cheese for dessert. Not ground-breaking but not pretentious either and very good for 1 AA Rosette. The german girl in-charge of the restaurant was also very good. Ate in the bar after returning from the theatre (sandwiches and chips etc), which was also to a high standard. Breakfast is a buffet, which we prefer, although tea/coffee and toast are served to the table. I would have liked to have been left a whole pot of tea so we could help ourselves rather than having to ask the waiting staff each time we wanted a cup!I used the fitness room, which was perfectly adequate, two treadmills, two bikes, one cross trainer, a rower, and most important, big flat screen TV! The equipment is a bit dated but works. Again, another thoughtful touch to have complimentary bottles of chilled water in the gym fridge.The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful, sorting out any problems we had immediately, and overall, I couldn't recommend this hotel enough. Yes, it is quite expensive, but worth it and although I haven't stayed at the top London hotels (which cost an additional £100+ a night and have more staff loitering to cater for the more &quot;high-maintenance&quot; guests as in the Ritz where we had tea), it is hard to see how the Royal Horseguards could be bettered!	
Apr 19 2009	A Dream-Come-True Experience	My mom &amp; I spent 7 nights at the Royal Horseguards and everything about it was fabulous beyond belief. Several times my mom kept saying, &quot;I feel like a queen&quot; and that is how the staff made us feel. I've stayed at 5 other hotels in London and this one has now got me as a permanent customer for future visits. Our twin room (#508) was nearly perfect with huge windows, beautiful decor, 10 or 12-foot-high ceilings, immaculately clean, and a large, modern bathroom I wish I could have transported home with me. Initially, I hesitated booking this hotel because, although I have always wanted to stay there, the price was a bit high for my budget. Now I can honestly say that this experience was worth every penny and more. Our time in London was 10 times more special because we chose this hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	I have always wanted to stay here and I wasn't disappointed.	Lovely, elegant hotel in quiet and great location. No criticisms. Room overlooking river and London Eye had a cosy attic feel and was just large enough. Renovations included electronic &quot;Do not disturb/ Please make up my room&quot; sign in corridoor activated by a button in the room! We dined in the Restaurant &quot;One 21 two&quot; on our first evening with friends and had a quality meal with great service in an elegant dining room.	
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent Location	Brilliant location... Excellent room amenities...Superb!	
Apr 7 2009 	A truly royal stay in London!	Amazing hotel for the price. No need for hyperbole. Here goes:Location:On the North bank of Thames, in between Big Ben-Clock Tower and Trafalgar Square. 12 Pound taxi ride from St. Pancras, 150 meters from nearest Tube station. NOTE:**Entrance is on north side of the building, not the grassy park side**Amenities:Regular room- immaculate, newly furnished room with AC/Heat digitally controllable, 4 step light dimming system, lcd on the wall, bathroom with heated floor, TV in shower, rain-type shower head with extension wand on the wall. Tea/coffee facilities in room.Deluxe room- bigger everything, couch in sitting area, mirrored hallwayBreakfast- typical English breakfast with meat variety, egg variety, juice variety, fruit variety, etc...Cons:- View rooms hard to come by. Only one side of the hotel is scenic. The other three sides face buildings or roof tops.- 2ndary chain lock of our room didn't work, meaning someone with a magnetic key could enterStaff is incredibly helpful and nice. Area is safe, right across from Scotland Yard. Picadilly Circus is 20 walk away. Within 200 m there are numerous restaurants, 2 theaters, a McDonalds, a Tesco/pharmacy and a Boots convenience store (great for medicine or snack needs), and various bus/tourbus stops.Great great great.	
Apr 1 2009 	Best London hotel we've stayed in	Fantastic hotel which I would thoroughly recommend to anybody. The location is great, just 2 minutes walk from the Embankment tube station, 5 minutes from St James Park, 5 minutes from Trafalgar Square and 15 minutes from Covent Garden. When I first checked in on my own as my wife was meeting me later after she had finished a business meeting, I was given quite a small room as I think the member of staff thought I was on my own, but a quick phone call later and I was moved to a great room on the seventh floor overlooking the Thames, with views from the London Eye all the way down the river to St Paul's and beyond. All the staff were very friendly and helpful, and the room was excellent: spacious, bright and well laid out.	
Mar 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel fab location would definitely stay there again	Just returned from a weekend in London. Booked using special offer. Hotel was fantastic. Location was outstanding only needing to use tube to get to and from Paddington. Trafalger Square, Covent Garden, Leicester Square and West End all within easy walking distance.Only had breakfast at the hotel however this was excellent, catering for all tastes and needs. Staff were friendly and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble.Bedrooms were spacious and extremely clean. No view from our room but this was no problem as room was so comfortable.Would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again sometime.	
Mar 26 2009 	Awesome	Having read all previous reviews we felt more than happy with hotel choice , even more so after actually seeing pictures of it on the internet! We had booked on a &quot;special package offer&quot; which included B&amp; B and dinner on the first night at a reallly good rate. However, upon arrival found some mix up and our stay should have been 1 month earlier!! But the reception staff were very good about it and upgraded us! Our rooms were Awesome, looking out over the Thames and London eye, Every need catered for, Very good service all around, from reception , to ordering taxis, the bellman just whistles and one appears!! Waiters, every member of staff pleasant and not &quot;stuffy&quot; Evening meal was fabulous, very well cooked and presented.Breakfasts excellent, can't speak highly enough of everything, Very clean , sumptious pillows and duvets, everywhere sparkled! But the very best is the Location!!! its the only time we have visited London and not had to use the underground! Which is a marvelous way to get around but so much nicer just doing t(nearly ) all by foot ( and taxi- sharing x 4) because its all so very near !!Drinks extremely expensive is the only down side of this hotel	
Mar 26 2009 	Superb location and great service	My husband &amp; I stayed for two nights weekend 20th -22nd Mar using Tesco Vouchers! The hotel is located right by the Embankment Tube Station and there are buses round the corner in Whitehall our room only had a street view there must be river view ones on the front. The standard of the room was excellent and everything worked, lovely welcome tray lots of hot water bath+shower easy to set heating.Breakfast was good plenty of choice nicely spaced tables helpful waitresses nice decor. Overall a really good experience which we hope to repeat when we get some more vouchers!	
Mar 23 2009 	Wow A room with a view. What a great 10th Wedding Anniversary!!!!	We booked a standard double room from the hotels website on a Winter Offer of £140 inclusive of breakfast and VAT.We arrived early, and were told that we had been upgraded to a Royal King room with a river view, and &quot;Wow, what a view!&quot;. We were looking right over the River Thames at the London Eye!!! What we expected to be a king sized bed, turned out to be 6ft wide. Beautiful decor, spotlessly clean, light and spacious.The staff were kind and courteous, and the breakfast was lovely with the waitresses making sure you always had a full cup of coffee or tea.We did not have an evening meal in the restaurant, but vegetarians are very well catered for on the menu.A stones throw from Embankment Tube station, and Charing Cross.We had a wonderful weekend, and would definately use the hotel again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great breakfast nice hotel perfect location but not great bedroom	the hotel is ideally located for touring around london. its only a 2 min walk from Trafalgar square and 100 yards from Embankment tube station. hotel is very clean, excellent staff but our room wasn't the best; the bed was like a rock and our window looked into a central type tunnel so there was no natural light or a view from the room. the bed was only a double also. some excellent features in the room though besides like a iPod player, LCD and a bathroom telly which is lovely for when you are having a bath. we didn't eat in the restaurant but had breakfast on 2 mornings in our room which was very good; couldn't knock the breakfast.	
Mar 17 2009 	Overall a Delight	As the Royal Horseguards Hotel has re-opened after a massive, £16 million renovation, I thought a detailed review of our six-night stay last week may be of value.The £16 million was well spent and upgrades are evident everywhere you go. Each room, each door, each handrail has been painstakingly replaced, repaired or renovated. The result is a hotel that provides you with modern amenities, virtually new furniture and a location to die for. It certainly is a great value.But, make no mistake about it. The Royal Horseguards is a business hotel. Located a few blocks from Parliament and key ministries, the primary clientele are persons doing business with the British government or surrounding embassies. Therefore, the hotel staff is appropriately professional, occasionally to the point of indifference, (but more about that later). We stayed in a 5th floor executive king room overlooking the Thames (unless you are on the top two floors, your view will be partially blocked by trees). The room was quite beautiful and quite spacious - easily fits three (we had a rollaway for our daughter). Wonderful linens on the king size bed and GIGANTIC towels for the tub.Of special delight are TWO reclining chairs that allowed us to relax our feet after a day of cobble-stoning it. In addition to two desks - one in the spacious entrance way, there are two double closets, free Internet, a French press coffee maker with all the supplies replenished each day, flat screen t.v., iPod plug in and many, many other “extras.” As I said, it really is a value. The one major drawback of the room is that that although the riverfront rooms have two sets of French doors - none of the doors can be opened and there are no windows! According to our bellman, the terrace of this 125-year-old structure is so unstable that the government authorities forbid guests to walk out. That is perfectly understandable, but if so, why install french doors? Why not widows that let in even a bit of fresh air? Perhaps they will reinforce the terrace in the near future.There were some other quirks. The delicious bathtub (separate from the shower) has a good sized television set above it. However, as the selection of channels in the hotel is minimal - catering to the business traveler, you will probably end up watching nothing but news or news/talk during your bath. The lights are also a bit quirky - you must refer to the instructional diagram several times before their sequence become familiar. (If you plan on coming in late from a pub crawl, I suggest you leave them on before departing, otherwise, it may be an eventful evening stubbing your toes in the dark). The buffet breakfast each morning (included in our room rate) was first rate. Plenty of choices including fresh fruit, juices, freshly baked pastries, eggs, sausage, cereal, potatoes and more. On weekends, they serve until 11:00 AM, so you can eat enough to hold you until dinner with just a pint for lunch. We enjoyed a light dinner our first evening which was quite nice and reasonably priced. There are plenty of sitting areas throughout the ground floor of the hotel - large comfy chairs make it ideal to sit and quietly plan your day or just relax and read. A small gas fireplace in the lobby is surrounded by a couch and chairs.As has been mentioned in the previous reviews, the highlight of the Royal Horseguards is the location. It truly is perfect for a tourist. A ten-minute walk gets you to Covent Garden, the Strand, Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, Parliament and Westminster Abbey. The hotel, is literally around the corner from the Embankment Tube stop where trains takes you anywhere in central London in 15 minutes. Cabs are not plentiful at the hotel entrance, so if you do require one at a specific time, advance notice to the doorman is strongly recommended. Finally, about the staff. Frankly, the service is uneven and that is my only complaint. Check in was efficient, but not the least bit gracious or welcoming. Breakfast service staff, however, were universally efficient, gracious and welcoming. And the breakfast hostess who managed the large, busy buffet breakfast dining rooms was a true delight - greeting each guest personally and warmly.Ben, the doorman remembered our names the first day, and could not do enough for us. When Ben was not around, his replacement chatted with colleagues, failing to open the door even though we had packages. Our bellman upon arrival was delightful and helpful. Our bellman upon departure looked throughly inconvenienced.The rooms were serviced promptly, but each day, the empty drink glasses from pub downstairs were left in the room. Despite our request, no newspaper was ever delivered to the room.The head concierge could not be bothered at all. I guess unless you are an MP, or dignitary, he sees no purpose in assisting you. His colleague, however, made a special effort to get my wife and daughter a BBC tour and recommended an outstanding Thai restaurant near our theatre.There are many other examples, but as you can see, the service was consistently inconsistent. Nothing egregious, but definitely room for improvement. In summary, by staying at the Royal Horseguards, you are enjoying a brand-new property within an historic building. It's not the Dorchester, but the value is probably as good as you will receive in London at this time. The breakfast will keep you fortified and the bar is intimate and warm. If you can ignore the inconsistency within the hotel staff, you can look forward to a great stay at the Royal Horseguard.	
Mar 16 2009 	Fantastic Location	I and the wife stayed here for one night on the 15th March 2009. Simply the location is fantastic you are 5 minutes from the major attactions like Big Ben, The Houses of Parliament, and Downing Street.The Hotel sits opposite the London Eye so i would suggust a room at the front of the hotel as the views are impressive.The hotel itself is great the rooms are spacious and fairly new as a i believe the hotel has recently undergone a massive refurb.We enjoyed it that much that we have already booked to stay again in July 09	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent location and nice rooms	Stayed 3 nights on business. I had a nice room with view of the river Thames and London Eye. The room was spacious with a lot of nice details: IPod docking, TV in bath tub, European electric outlet. Excellent location: two minutes walk to Embankment underground station, five minutes walk to Trafalgar Square and 10 minutes to Big Ben.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great location	I am giving this hotel a 5 rating to help it climb the rankings, because it really is very impressive. The location is second to none. It's within walking distance of many of London's attractions and most particularly virtually every West End theatre. The river view is outstanding (although in our room the windows were tiny). And yet, for a hotel which is so central, it is absolutely silent. A real bonus.The room itself (833) was good, not fabulous, but certainly good. It was a reasonable size, and very recently refurbished (could virtually smell the paint). The furniture was of high quality, the bed comfortable (very hard), linen fresh, lovely non-feather pillows, bathroom beautiful (altho TV in bathroom didn't work alas), Elemis toiletries (yum). It was very clean, and so were the common parts. My moans? Towels are hard, only one bathrobe supplied (and that was hard and uncomfortable), expensive mini bar, not many sachets of coffee and tea supplied.I would definitely return particularly if I could get the £150 room rate via hotels.com again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Loved It!	A beautiful hotel in a lovely building. The rooms are spacious, quiet and comfortable, with nice touches like heated towelholders and bathroom tiles. It is very near the Underground and an easy walk to Covent Garden, an area I really love. Highly Recommended.	
Mar 8 2009 	very well refurbished quiet central location	Stayed 1 night on business. Asked for River view room which was confirmed on e.mail confirmation but allocated room with no view whatsoever on arrival. Reception reluctantly re-allocated the correct type room.Have stayed a few times before but must say the refurbishment has made this an extremely impressive hotel. Very modern decor which portrays very serne ambience about the place.Concierge and bar staff very helpful as always. Perfect location in the very centre of London. Think this place is probably hard to beat now in London.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fantastic (Again)	Just returned from a two night stay at the Horseguards and this was my 4th visit.The location is just spot on, my husband and I chose to walk instead of taking the underground and everywhere we went was within easy walking distance, Soho, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Madame Tussauds etc etc.We upgraded to a river view room which was great, the room was very big and the bathroom lovely (although we did have a smell of drains) but it wasnt terrible just a bit unpleasant. We got back from the hotel on the 2nd day at 4.30pm and found that our room hadnt been serviced, I rang housekeeping and they offered to come and clean the room straight away. I said it wasnt a problem and just requested more towels and coffee.They were sent up straight away and about 1 hour later they called our room and asked if they could service our room but I explained it wasnt a problem but I was very impressed at the prompt service.If there is anything to complain about I would say the bar prices are very expensive, 1 gin and tonic plus 1 Jack Daniels and coke was £18.95.............We only had 1 drink in the hotel because mainly of the high costs but also because there are so many local pubs within the area that it is such a nice experience to visit all the different ones.One thing I was amazed at is the fact the hotel is so central but it is so quiet, until we went to breakfast we though we were the only ones staying at the hotel.If you are planning a trip to the big capital then this is the hotel for you, location great, rooms fantastic and food superb.	
Feb 27 2009 	Exceeded Expectations! Great Location! Wonderful Stay!	We received an excellent rate including breakfast on the American Airlines website. Immaculate, comfortable room.. Well equipped: loved the TV in the bath and the built in dock for my ipod and American voltage outlet. Great breakfast, plentiful. Excellent location: two minute walk to the Embankment Tube Station, three minutes to Trafalgar Square and 5 minutes to Big Ben. Walked over the bridge across the Thames to the London Eye. Very helpful, professional and courteous staff. One downside was the sound proofing in the rooms wasn't adequate for the level of sound the TV and ipod speakers put out. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Feb 23 2009 	Trotting Back to the Royal Horseguards	This 4* hotel is trying very hard to become a 5* hotel. When they enlarge the gym and perhaps add a pool, they just might make it.We had a very comfortable room facing the front. These rooms are the bigger ones. Although we were showed rooms facing the river and the &quot;Eye,&quot; we picked the front room for the space. Service in general was pretty good, except for one particular incident. Our room safe broke. It took several phone calls and over an hour before someone came to fix it.I have stayed here before and was aware that in Jan. and Feb. they usually have better rate. However, this year they stuck to an average of over $300.00 per night, including English Breakfast and VAT.I found that Travelocity gave me all of the above for $200 per night.Never take the first room they show you.PS There was a street excavation. But at night it was quiet.	
Feb 21 2009 	Without Doubt In The Top 5% Of Hotels In London And I Have Stayed In A Lot	Excellent staff who upgraded our room at nominal charge. We stayed 5 nights in an enormous en suite room overlooking the Thames for a great deal less than I have paid for inferior hotels. Excellent breakfast and although we only had one dinner in the hotel that too was impressive. Wine list had a lower than average mark up and was good value. The only niggle I would have is the 23% service charge for dinner which added £50 to the bill. I have no difficulty leaving the appropriate gratuity but would prefer it was my decision how much. That apart we will certainly stay there next time we are in London, which hopefully will be soon.	
Feb 19 2009 	Ideal Location	We stayed at this hotel for a romantic valentines weekend break. The hotel is very elegant and understated. It's in an ideal location for all the London sites, theatreland, shopping etc. I found the staff to be polite and professional but I have to say not particularly friendly. Our double room (no. 906 on the top floor) was very small but perfectly formed. We could have upgraded to a larger room with a view of the Thames but we decided to spend the money on theatre tickets instead. The room was decorated and finished to a very high standard. The buffet breakfast was adequate with not a great deal of choice but having said that, every item available was of a high standard, cooked well and the pastries were extremely fresh. Coffee pots are not left on your table and so refills can be somewhat slow as you have to catch the eye of the staff who are very busy. We didn't have a drink at the hotel so can't comment on the bar prices etc. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would definately stay here again/recommend to friends and family.	
Jan 28 2009	An elegant and stylish hotel.	A stylish elegant hotel that is well located, situated in a central and very convenient position, 3-4 mins walk from Trafalgar Square.On arrival, we were immediately impressed by the warm, professional and courteous service from front desk and concierge staff.We stayed in an Executive room which was elegant, large and furnished to a high standard. The room had two French windows which overlooked the Thames and London Eye. It was well appointed and had, in addition to the more normal amenities, two leather reclining armchairs, a large built-in LCD television and Ipod docking station. The bathroom was spotless and equally well appointed with a large shower cubicle, bath, his and hers washbasins, underfloor heating and built-in TV. A nice touch was the Elemis toiletries!A request for ice and extra milk resulted in a polite and prompt delivery by Housekeeping. The dining room was of the same high standard set in elegant surroundings. The buffet breakfast comprised of a full hot and cold choice.All in all a great stay with no complaints. Definitely a hotel that we would recommend without hesitation and a hotel we would like to stay in again.	
Jan 21 2009 	One of the Best Hotels Ever	Ten years ago while staying at the Thistle Charing Cross London (now Guoman), I met a British couple at dinner that recommended the Horseguards. Well - ten years later and I just stayed there with my boyfriend after a complete refurbishment of the hotel. It is lovely! Our room was up in the eaves of the hotel: 8th floor, room 838, king bed, views of Big Ben in one direction, London Eye, and Charing Cross/Bankside out the others; 3 views in all. I believe the hotel was nearly full when I booked a month out because only the non-executive rooms were available. I understand that other rooms have more generous views with french doors etc, however - our room was charming, full of character and we loved it! The interior design was classy, inviting, and room well-appointed. French Press coffee in the room, Royal Doulton china and such a nice and responsive housekeeping staff. I will also mention that the hotel guests were also nice, polite and (while eavesdropping at breakfast) all very content with their choice. Breakfast was super and filling; powered us through all of our days till dinner. We did not want to leave and will definitely stay there again. As the hotel is very historic, we would have liked to had an all-access tour of the building and would have paid to do so. Located so close to Embankment Tube and Westminster also!	
Jan 4 2009 	Beautiful hotel	What a beautiful building.The location was great, just a couple of minutes walk from the train station and close enough to the attractions.The hotel had a wonderful mix of traditional and modern features.We paid a last minute rate and expected the worst room, but got one with a river view.Had no problems at night with 'noisy neighbours', which was a big surprise as the hotel was full, maybe everyone was being courteous.Lying in bed on the Sunday morning looking out to the London Eye, the sun shining through the window and hearing Big Ben chime was bliss.The only niggle was breakfast, the seating area is quite small, so you may need to wait to be seated. We were told 20 minute wait, but it ended up being 5 minutes. There was a good selection of food though.I look forward to going back.	
Jan 1 2009 	Amazing Room!	We have just returned from a stay at the newly refurbished Royal Horseguards hotel,and had a really great time. We booked four river view rooms and got exactly that, all together, on the fourth floor. The hotel is immaculate and staff very attentive. We left our car at home and relied on the concierge to arange taxis and transport, which was efficeintly organised for our party of 6.The rooms are very luxurious, with heated bathroom floors, lcd tv in our bath, ipod docks and very good in-room and in-headboard speaker systems. One room had a bath and separate shower and the others all had double showers with tv in these! Our room tv had poor tuning and the hotel seemed unable to retune it when requested.The housekeeping is excellent with fresh linen daily. Elemis bathroom products are used and you get a feeling of being very valued by the hotel. The location is excellent with a walk of only 2 - 3 minutes to Royal Horse guards. Also within 5 minutes in opposie directions are trafalgar square and teh National Gallery or Big Ben and Westmnster, the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Cathedral. The breakfasts are very good, but it is a serve yourself affair, which wasnt so easy with my father having to walk with a stick. The staff failed to spot this or offer him assistance, so could do better there. However the hot food was good, but often a wait for trays and dishes to be refilled, especially with pastries and fruit, so grab these when you see them. The a la carte options are about £5 each extra but cooked freshly to order and the egg florentine was superb and perfectly cooked. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely return. Our party ages ranged from 19 to 75 and we all had a great time.	
Dec 28 2008 	excellent hotel	this is an excellent hotel which has gone through major renovation and it is absolutely fantastic Very high tech rooms, TV in bathroom, free wifi in the rooms, Nicely decorated excellent location Brilliant staff Fantastic breakfast Only problems :Parking (really difficult as the hotel is next to Ministry of Defence and major government Buildings) The hotel is energy inefficient as it is not well insulated	
Dec 26 2008	A perfect balance of traditiional and modern	A gorgeous hotel, brilliantly remade so that it's feeling modern and new without losing the history and classic feeling that the building demands. The room was smallish but neverthelss perfect - the only minus, if one is to be found, in the light control system which is too sophisticated for its own good. The location coulnd't be better, literally two minutes walk from Tralfalgar and five from Picadilly. Excellent service, the breakfast - which was, dont get me wrong, good - was perhaps the less rewarding experience, with personnel nice and courteous but slightly stressed, and a tad too long waiting times for the toasts. Minor details however - the Horseguards beats most hotels in style, history, service and comfort.Most definitely recommendable, will certainly come back.	
Dec 17 2008 	Fantastic	Wanted a good location with good service for a romantic weekend. Got it all at the Horseguards. Fantastic location, 5 mins walk from Leicester square and onto the nightlife but nice and quiet when you get back. Absolutely stunning view over the river, looking straight out onto the Eye. Room is not huge but very well appointed, got the king size bed and it was oh so comfortable. Staff very pleasant and attentive. Bit of building work going on at the entrance but nothing to worry about noise wise. You get what you pay for but having said that it wasnt too expensive.	
Dec 14 2008 	Fantastic! look no further	What a fantastic place to stay. Everything was perfect. The room, facilities, frienly staff. Breakfast was not more than what you could expect, but everything you need was there. Best place in town, best quality I have ever seen in England. We had room 545 (King room with river view), I do think this might be the best in the hotel, but all rooms appear to have the highest standard around. I'll be there again.	
Dec 14 2008 	Excellent	Excellent service throughout, ideal central location, good links for all transport, and site seeing attractions. Hotel Staff professional, and strive to meet your every needs.	
Dec 9 2008 	a secret gem!l	This hotel has recently been renovated and you can see the excellent quality finish..they have thought of everything! I upgraded to an Executive Royal room which has more space and extra seating area and views over the London eye which was a nice treat. Beds were very comfy and luxurious..from the TV in the bathtub and i-pod docking station with surround sound, to having a decent hairdryer, the room was just superb. Last time I was here in April, prior to the refurbishment and wow what a difference. I get a comfortable feel in this hotel, the staff are very warm and friendly and good presence of managers around the hotel lobby and restaurant areas. As I am a smoker, loved the outside terrace, enjoyed a glass of wine by the outdoor heaters.Perfect for the business traveller and woman traveller, as the hotel is located one road behind Charing cross and the Strand and Trafalgar Square, it is away from all the road and street noise and very peaceful.Only 10 minutes from Blackfriars and much less expensive than other luxury comparible hotels in that area.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Location	Two night stay over a weekend. Location is superb, very close to the tube. It a short walk to some decent pubs and resturants. 10 mins. walk from the Strand and another 5 or 10 mins. to Covent Garden with everything that has to offer. Easy walking along to the Houses of Parliament and across the river from the London Eye. Really can't praise its location enough. Our room a basic deluxe room had no view but it was very nice. Well furnished, everything you could want, excellent flat screen T.V. built into a unit which also had a docking station for an i-pod. The bathroom also had a t.V. built into the wall over the bath. First time I have seen that. First time I have had a shower whilst watching the T.V. This really is anice hotel and will look to return some time if the price is right. AuroraUK	
Oct 30 2008 	Great! Hotel. Very Courteous Staff	Great hotel.We stayed for 7 days with everything perfect. Our friends recommended this hotel to us. The hotel is in the business district so don't expect much night life. However, pubs &amp; the tube are all close by.The all of the staff were professional &amp; courteous except for 2 persons. These two exceptions are not deal breakers in any way as I would definately return. They are:(1) the evening bartender - OK but you don't get a warm, fuzzy feeling from him. (2) the morning breakfast woman-too loud. The majority were reserved, quiet &amp; quick to respond.If you get confused trying to research the perfect London hotel, stop right here, choose the Royal Horseguards and enjoy.	
Oct 27 2008 	Enjoyable experience fabulous location	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards for two nights, after booking a last minute executive room through rates to go for 160 pounds a night. The stay was great, the only negative thing happened on our arrival when the receptionist claimed that we had to pay twice the amount. We talked to the relationship manager (a very nice lady) and she promised to take care of it the next day in the morning (as we arrived quite late and she couldn’t call anyone to verify our booking), so we just checked-in. The next day, she called us in the morning to inform us that our booking information was correct, as opposed to theirs. What had happened was that somebody who takes care of the bookings entered the total amount as the charge for one night.As for the actual accommodation, the room was spotless, the same goes for the bathroom with a flat-screen TV above the bathtub, separate shower and heated floor, all seemed brand new. When we got to our room, we found a tray of chocolate-dipped strawberries to welcome us, what a nice detail! The room was large enough with intimate lighting and facing a calm street, very quiet. A chambermaid knocked on the door shortly after our arrival to give us an evening newspaper and some mint chocolates and to ask us whether we wanted our bed turned down – we were a bit surprised by that as we had never even heard of such a service – but no, we did without. Breakfast was nice full English but given the high expectations one may have after having seen one of their rooms it was not 5*, probably not worth paying if not included in the price, though this seems to be true for quite a few of the hotels in London. Overall though, a very enjoyable experience!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location	We arrived on Election Day (5/1/08) and the beginning of a Bank Holiday weekend. The front desk said they were totally booked even though we made our reservations back in March. They let us stay in the Egyptian Suite (at no extra charge) til our room was ready the next day. Then we were moved to room 832 which was a good size room with a king-sized bed. The downside to this room was the view of the fire escape and they couldn't turn off the heat . The outdoor temperature for the entire 8 days we were there was the upper 70's.......so the room was like an oven even though they gave us a fan. This was our second stay at the Royal Horseguards and we will definitely return in the future. The place is immaculate, the restaurant staff are very nice and the location is perfect.	
Oct 14 2008 	Excellent hotel and a great location	Having stayed at this hotel previously (on many occasions), I cannot recommend it more highly. The rooms have been renovated, good plumbing (for those of you who know old British hotels, you'll recognise the significance of this), great room temperature control, excellent bathrooms with heated floors, flat screen TV on the wall overlooking the tub, separate shower stall and quite large. Nice comfortable expensive towels, bathrobe, slippers and...an umbrella in the closet.The best rooms overlook the Thames and the London Eye - followed by those overlooking the street. The least desirable rooms face an interior courtyard (if that's what it is) but nonetheless are still very plush and comfortable. The breakfast buffet is excellent, especially if you like a &quot;full English&quot;. The sausages, eggs, hash browns, black pudding, bacon (real stuff, not the cheap streaky variety), beans, mushrooms, cooked tomatoes, assortment of fruit, breads, cheeses and cold cuts are superb - sufficient in quantity (if you so wished) to last you till dinner. If there is a down side, it is the price, but for London it is to be expected. Everything else, including the superb location (on the doorsteps of West End Theatres, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, The Strand, Soho and Oxford Street) make this a great hotel,	
Oct 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Gorgeous hotel, refurb is brilliant.Room was fantastic, gorgeous big high bed, plasma t.v, with surround sound, into bathroom which also has a t.v in the shower, ipod docking station, underfloor heating in bathroom (great after long day out), fab power shower and huge complimentary towels (changed everyday), dressing gown and slippers for duration of stay, tea/coffe maker and view onto the Thames and London Eye - perfect at night all lit up!!Only a little complaint about the breakfast, not much choice and its sat there for a while but still a choice of hot/cold cereal, fruit etc. Didnt eat anything else in the hotel. Great location - 5 minute walk from Trafalgar Square, 10 mins from Leicester Sqauare and 15 mins from Piccadily Circus, Madame Tussauds and Euston was about 30-40 mins walk, Oxford St 20 mins. We didnt use the tube - to claustrophobic!!Walked everywhere which was better way to see everything - if you dont mind walking id reccommend that over the tube!! If not then Westminster &amp; Embankment is a 2 minute walk and Waterloo is 10 mins.Next to hotel is the Ministry of Defence, 2 min walk is Downing Street and Houses of Parliment. Great hotel in all aspects, perfect for couples and business travellers.Any questions then please ask.	
Oct 6 2008 	What a disappointment!	booked one night at The Horseguards after seeing the promotion they were doing. On entering it did indeed seem very special. My room was not ready when I arrived in the afternoon and on eventually reaching the room I was ful of disappointment. It was as if I had been stuck in an old attic room. It was dark, dingy, the furniture was damaged and tatty and the bed was covered with just plain white sheets making it look hospitalised and cold. I felt as if I had been made to feel like a second class citizen maybe because it was booked on their promotion. I was so disgustd by the room that I wrote an email of complaint on my arrival home. The reply offered me a free room upgrade if booked by a certain date. Not good enough. If you want to pay top price for the top room I feel you may be in for a treat otherwise don't bother. I will certainly not stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Why stay anywhere else?	This hotel was amazing!! I'm not sure how I got such a great rate, but the stars must have aligned at the right moment. The room was very large for European standards. Bathroom was huge with heated floors, towel warmers, and a tv in the shower/tub! Flat screen LCD in the room. I had no issues with noise at night. Hotel was in an excellent location close to everything! Two Underground stops are VERY close as well.I have absolutely nothing negative to say about my stay other than there is no free internet connectivity, which seems to be the trend for London. Will highly recommend to everyone and can only hope that I can stay here again in the future.	
Sep 15 2008 	Never Again	Stayed for one night, booked a delux Queen size, the bed was indeed queen size, trouble was the room was only just marginally bigger. Dark, dingy, old fashioned, dirty carpets, curtains and &quot;nets&quot;! Bathroom almost as big as the room itself, but the shower was cold and lacked pressure! Not at all what I expected for £280+ for the night!The breakfast buffet, well hygine was appauling, no covers on the food thus all open to dry out and gather dust, the saute'd mushroom where not fresh but frozen, the back was dry, the snokers were also dry, the eggs, rubbery and solid, the beans had a nice crust to them!If this is a 4Star hotel then heaven help us, on entrance to the hotel I did expect something much much better. I was so very dissapointed!	
Sep 5 2008 	mildew towel	Good- Sweet looking exterior, it looks like a castle. I felt kinda proud when a couple used it as the background of their photo when riding the London Eye. It is a gorgeous looking building with lots of character. - Great location, walking distance of major attractions except Tower Bridge. Accross the street from Embankment tube stop. Really close to London Eye. - Lobby area looks very classy. The piano player is a nice touch. - None of the outlets worked in my room. Same problem when I switched to a new room. I let the concierge know when I left for the day, the problem was fixed when I got back to my surprise. Service was a plus.Bad- Mildew shower towel. About a quarter of one-side of my towel had this black stuff all around it and it stunk of mildew. I don't know how a 4-star hotel managed to yuck up my towel? - Tiny room. Smallest room of my whole trip. I reserved a Deluxe Double room. You might need to upgrade for the bigger/better rooms. - WiFi internet is costly at L0.50 a minute. That's L30.00 an hour! No thanks to signing up for some internet service I only want to use for a few minutes. The Horseguards should just tack on whatever minutes you use on your bill rather than signing up for some service you'll never use again. - I found the small, slow elevators annoying. Numerous times I was teased with an elevator opening up with a custodial woker inside saying, &quot;Sorry, I'm going to the basement.&quot; And they would have this smurk look on their faces like they got a kick out of it too. Final verdict, we won't be back. The room was just too small for the price we payed.	
Sep 3 2008 	Perfect Location	We booked two nights at Royal Horseguards for a visit to the National Portrait Gallery in Trafalgar Square and a theatre visit to Haymarket. The hotel was listed on Laterooms.com but we got the same price by booking with the hotel quoting their website summer offer. We paid £150 for a deluxe room including VAT and breakfast which is a fraction of their standard rate.I had been told by the helpful bookings advisor (by email) that we could ask for an upgrade on arrival if we wanted a river view. We did so and were rewarded with a junior suite with river view on the 8th floor for an additional £50 per night The man on check in seemed a bit surprised at the good value of the upgrade and assured us that we would never want to stay anywhere else in London. He wasn't far wrong as the room was very large, furnished in a traditional, smart and comortable way and with a bathroom, marble all over, that was as big as a normal hotel room in London. The shower cleverly had water coming from all directions so you could shower without getting your hair wet. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful and polite but without being stuffy. The breakfast was extensive with cold and hot buffet and again very helpful staff.We were able to walk everywhere and took a boat trip from the nearby Waterloo pier to Greenwich which was lovely. We also walked through St James Park to Buckingham Palace and Mews (recommended for a level of opulence not usually seen in the UK) and all around Covent Garden. It was a lovely two days and we wouldn't hesitate to do it all again.Our theatre trip was to Brief Encounter, a great show, and the exhibition was the Wyndham Lewis portraits. Also excellent.One earlier reviewer mentioned noise from the front rooms - we could certainly hear trains on the bridge but it didn't bother us and the view made it of little importance. They certainly didn't keep us awake. We didn't need the air conditioning as the weather was cool but it was very effective when we tried it.	
Aug 12 2008 	Well placed attentive staff great beds!	We booked this hotel for a two night theatre break, taking advantage of a special offer on room upgrade to executive and free breakfast.The hotel itself is in a near perfect position just off the Thames opposite the London Eye, close to Charing Cross mainline and Embankment Tube station. Most of the main tourist areas are within easy walking distance (Covent Garden 15 mins, Oxford Street 25 mins, Trafalger Square 5 mins), as a result we never had to use the tube. The public areas of the hotel are impressive and very clean, while the staff are very friendly and attentive. Our room (executive) was quite large by London standards, air conditioned and extremely clean with a large bathroom containing both a walk in shower and a full sized bath (with tv!) The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, so much so that on the morning we checked out we stripped the sheets off to try to discover the make of the mattress with a view to buying one. The breakfast was fine, mainly because it was included in the room rate, otherwise paying £17.50 a head might have spoiled my appitite. As usual the drinks and snacks were pricey, but very good quality and served impecably. Would use again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Really nice stay	Stayed on a Saturday night after seeing a show in the west end. Couldn't fault the hotel. Staff friendly and very helpful. Building works at front of hotel but didn't hear noise being a Sunday morning wake up. Stayed on the 3rd floor in one of their newly refurbished rooms. The room was fantastic. Flat screen TV's in the bedroom and bathroom. Modern and clean. £160 for B&amp;B for the room is excellent value for location and quality. We strolled along the southbank by the Eye, and later walked into Covent Garden for a meal then to Drury Lane for the show. Nearest carpark is Trafalgar Square. £40 parking fee rather steep. Breakfast was hot and cold buffet, excellent quality, pile it on your plate !. Our advice, ask for a refurb room and whilst the building works are on going, stick to a Saturday night.	
Jul 20 2008 	Good hotel for business	I stayed here for business a week ago, and the hotel was good. Room was a bit small (single), but I did stay under a corporate rate, so it was to be expected. The room was comfortable enough, but had a couple of minor issues with the bathroom and lighting:1) lighting didn't work; only one switch turned lights on, and this was only in the bathroom and above the entrance.2) shower head was broken, so water sprayed out and onto the floor; I nearly slipped on the floor thrice3) paint was peeling in the bathroom wallI would stay here again for business. The location was excellent, close to Embankment and near the Strand. Staff were friendly. Other regularly priced rooms may be bigger and more updated.	
Jul 16 2008 	Lovely hotel location and people	After long time searching i settled on the horseguards hotel getting a really good deal by booking directly with them. Half the price compared to a lot of third party agents. A bit worried after reading some of the reviews, but there was no need to be. We stayed in a royal room which i think are the ones newly renovated. We were on the fourth floor which looked into the trees. Double windows which did have a partial view of the london eye and park. It was lovely. I asked to view two rooms and they did this with no quibbles. The room that we stayed in 419 was clean, fairly spacious and lovely and light. fourth floor. comfortable bed, everything we could need.  The room service was prompt and discreet. I really cannot find any real fault. All the staff were friendly, and most were ready with a smile. They made our stay comfortable and i felt utterly spoilt. So without a hesitation i would recommend it.  They are renovating, and there was a bit of noise on the last morning, but not too early and we only noticed because we were packing up , so we were in the room later than normal. THe room we had was only a shower so no bath, but i think most do have a bath. tho the shower was huge with a tv. Do make sure you look in drawers as tea etc is in these.  The only thing i can moan about is the health and safety aspect of not being able to open the windows fully. But that is more the fault of our cotton wool society, not the hotel. Quit a noisy area - a constant background noise of traffic, but this i think is to be expected, i used ear plugs so no trouble sleeping.Overall i would and will, be back as soon as i possibly can. Thanks to all there for such a lovely break.	
Jul 2 2008	A super high-class hotel!	What a luxury hotel! I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 3 days in the middle of May 2008. The staff is really kind, the room where I stayed was elegant, with such a beautiful forniture, a fantastic view of the river and the London eye. The only con was the bed, with the mattress quite unconfortable. The breakfast was memorable! Last point: the location is really strategic !	
Jun 4 2008 	Relaxing weekend	Having read a range of reviews for this hotel, some of which were quite critical, we didn't really know what to expect and almost cancelled because our booking was for a special occasion and so we didn't want any glitches. We need not have worried. We upgraded to an executive room which was fine, albeit at the back with no view. The room was quiet and comfortable all the staff we came into contact with were helpful and pleasant. Breakfast was nothing special and not good value for money, but this seems to be par for the course in London. Lunch however in the bar area was rather nice and not too expensive. The surrounding area was also quiet at the weekend and very convenient for Covent Garden where we were headed in the evening. Overall a pleasant stay.	
Jun 3 2008	Hotel = good base in fab loaction	Stayed overnight at the Royal Horseguards on a 1night Theatre/sightseeing break. Its in such a fab location, a few mins walk to Embankment tube station. About 5min walk to the Strand in one direction, 5min walk to Trafalagr Sq in other direction. Directly out the back of the hotel is the River Thames &amp; London Eye. We'd a good view of both from our room. Hotel is in a nice quiet peaceful area so good sleep guaranteed.Our room had the stunning view but I'd say it was maybe looking a bit tired &amp; poss in need of a wee re-fresh. Although it was a fairly regal room in appearance with chandelier, quaint antique furniture etc it was jst needing a wee spruce up. Our room was room 519 &amp; I believe the hotel has recently refurbed rooms on 1st 4 floors so they're poss working their way upwards.Having said this the room was more than adequte, good facilities etc and I would definitely stay here again. Breakfast on the sunday morning was delish......stuffed to the gunnels!!!!!!Great hotel for access to all areas in London......enjoy your trip if you're staying here!	
May 28 2008 	Excellent Location Nice Hotel if Priced Well	I stayed two nights here in mid May 2008. The hotel is your typical city hotel that tries to maintain a regal atmosphere. The room was surprisingly large for a city room (I used to live in NYC, so I'm used to very cramped city quarters).Amenities in the room were very nice - heated towel rack (took me a while to figure out the switch for it was outside the bathroom, but in chilly London, this is a nice-to-have), tea / coffee / hot cocoa maker, hair dryer, etc. I was able to get breakfast included with the rate. The buffet is a great way to start your day. The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing, and the nearby tube stops (one block away) can get you anywhere. Parliament, the park, Big Ben, Westminster, etc., are all just a few blocks away. Head in the other direction, and again, a walk gets you to the theaters, restaurants, etc.There are two bridges to the other side of the Thames, which afford you some beautiful picture-taking opportunities.If you are determined to ride the London Eye (I did not), it is right across the bridge and very convenient to the hotel.The only negative for the hotel was the HVAC unit seemed to either make the room too hot or too cold. Otherwise, everything was just fine. The front desk staff were very helpful and efficient.	
May 28 2008 	New rip off prices	For many years now I have stayed at the Royal Horseguards hotel and loved it, although some rooms were looking a bit dated. Prices were always fair and good value for money until recently. It appears that Thistle Hotels have upgraded their website and with it hiked their prices by at least 33% in one sweep. Unless the hotel has been renovated completely since December 2007 when I last stayed, I cannot see any justification for this huge hike. I do know that Thistle are renovating their hotels, but surely the price should change modestly after all is complete. There are better alternatives for the money that they are now charging. It is still a lovely hotel and its location is perfect.	
May 27 2008 	Great hotel in a great location near all the attractions!	We stayed here two nights for the second leg of our European trip and were quite pleased. The location was excellent and within easy walking distance to several major attractions. The first room we received was very small and had a view of the vacant hotel across the street. We requested an upgrade (25 pounds) and were moved to a much larger room with a view of The Eye. The staff were excellent in answering all of our questions and giving directions. Also, they provided us with a transformer/converter to use for the duration of our stay which I needed for my curling iron. I would definitely recommend this hotel!!	
May 2 2008 	What a great location!	We stayed at this lovely historical hotel April 26th - 29th as our post cruise venture in London. Although, Royal Horseguards is completely refurbishing the hotels first 4 floors, it did NOT have an impact on our stay.The hotel does look like the pictures described on the website, however, the room we were in #645 was showing need of repair in places, but, overall it was an excellent room and very clean. Our room looked just like the Deluxe room shown on the website (decor in red) with the exception we had two twin beds instead of 1 dbl bed. Including a huge bathroom that would make 2 of what we had home in the states. Also, we had an entry room where the dbl. closets were located, then a door into the actual bedroom. The room includes 2 free bottles of water (daily), coffee (instant little tube sticks), cookies, hot chocolate, tea, and a tea pot and a very fast pot that heats water so fast you don't have time to open your coffee packet..hehe. Also there is a mini-bar, but no alcohol just cokes, water, juice and nuts.Our maid did tell us that if we come back next year we will see totally all new decor and all the updates will be completed. I guess old things do wear out, so we had no problem except for one. That was a very warm room when we checked in and it seemed the a/c wasn't working. It's very antiquated. Since the french doors do not open, we demanded they unlock them so we could get air from outside in to the room. They obliged us in doing so and it was fabulous cool air and we loved it. No need for a/c after that. As a matter of fact the reason they keep the french doors locked is, as they say, because they don't want anyone to jump off the balconies. Hummmm~The view from our room was overlooking the Thames and it was awesome. Now don't think all the Deluxe twin rooms are as large as ours, Our friends were six doors down from us and theirs had the same view, but, a much smaller room with no sofa and no french doors, just windows and a small bathroom.Would we stay here again? You betcha, in a heartbeat !! We were just a round the corner (5 min. walk) from Embankment tube station, ½ mile from the Parliament, Big Ben and Westminister Abbey. Trafalgar Sq. was an 8 minute walk depending on how fast you walked. Leichester Sq. was 2 mins. beyond Trafalgar and Buckingham Palace was about a mile from our hotel and a pleasant walk through St. James Park made it even more delightful.Breakfast wasn't included in our stay this trip. However, at £17.50 GBP pp we didn't think it was worth that price. We could walk up toward Trafalgar and get a full breakfast for as little as 4.99GBPpp.We found a great little restaurant just before you cross the street to Trafalgar called &quot;Frankies&quot;. Its an Italian pizza place and the prices were really cheap....for GBP, that is. No it was NOT fine dining, but very cute and well worth the nostalgia of pictures all over the walls with Italian entertainers and very good menu to boot. Cute clean place. Another very nice pub is &quot;Clarance&quot;. It's also on that same street to Trafalgar. You'll like this one. One last thing! You must do the London Eye. Now for those that are afraid of heights, believe me my husband is one of those, he went up and said, I can't believe this did not bother me one bit. Some one asked me if each one of the cubicles swung like a ferris wheel. NO they are stationary and you can freely walk around or sit down on a bench in the middle of the cube. Hope you take the opportunity in staying at the Royal Horseguards....next year it will be even grandeur than now. That will be hard to beat.	
Apr 19 2008 	Right Good Time at the Royal Horseguards	We have recently stayed at The Royal Horseguards Hotel, London and just had to share our wonderful experience of this fantastic hotel! From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty! The Concierge were absolutely 1st class and although our room wasn't quite ready we were invited to have complimentary refreshments in the exquisite lounge bar. And it was well worth the wait as we were delighted with our room. The furnishings were very nice and the room was spotlessly clean. The bed linen, which my wife is very particular about, was of a very high standard and the bed was covered with sumptuous cushions (which were most welcoming after a tiring day of sightseeing!!).The location of the hotel is excellent. It is a 5-10 minute walk to The Strand which was ideal as we had tickets for The Adelphi Theatre. Straight opposite just over the Thames stands The London Eye and literally just down the road stands Westminster and Big Ben (friends of ours staying in another room could even hear the chimes!!).The only very small disappointment was that the hotel did not have a swimming pool as I had packed my speedos and my only option was to have taken a dip in the Thames!!!.We had a fantastic weekend at The Royal Horseguards and are already planning our return trip.	
Apr 19 2008 	Outstanding hotel in a perfect location	We checked into the Royal Horseguards on 9 April and out on 15 April 2008. Fast check in and they have upgraded us to a Jr suite. And it is so cool! It is in the mansard portion of the roof and the ceiling slants in places. I can look out the three rather small windows and see 1) the Thames, 2) London Eye, 3) The roof, 4) the ‘egg’ and scores of other bldgs which are all lit up at night 5) the river traffic 6) the train approach to Charing Cross with all the trains crossing it and most important, when I want to check what time it is: BIG BEN&gt; Yes, I can see him from our window. How cool is that? We are on the 8th floor. The room has a small alcove w/ seating area and the bathroom is all marble. The tub is skinny, not more than 3 widths of my feet, approx. 9” wide. Certainly not made for today’s girth to have a good soak in. But it is over 6 feet in length. The bed is comfy with a nice duvet. Just my kind of room. And I can get online by purchasing 5 days/2000 min from BTopenzone. The loo is right smack behind the BR door so watch your knees and hope no one opens it onto you. It has brass plates with all the buttons for lights, heat, volume ?, a PLEASE DO NOT DISTURB light that lights up in red and a PLEASE SERVICE ROOM in green, outside the door. Some of the buttons were for things from past days as there is no radio system. Also the heat wand doesn’t do anything. There is a radiator above the loo which heats the bathroom. It has just been purchased by the Guoman chain-an upscale one- and they have begun remodeling. The room is quite large by UK standards. And it is so quiet too. It’s a bit shabby, but it will be remodeled soon. But the room is so great you don’t notice this after a few minutes. The front desk staff is exceptional. We have stayed in a lot of hotels in London and we rate this one as the very best. Certainly will stay there again and highly recommend it.	
Apr 7 2008 	Time to renew the mattresses	No matter how good the rest of the services, if the bed is uncomfy and this one was very uncomfortable, then you don't go away with a very good impression. There were other niggling issues too. No valence on the bed just a rather stained divan base, no middle to the toilet roll holder so it was kept on the floor, you could either have the mini bar or the kettle plugged in not both at the same time. In addition we booked 2 rooms and requested they be together as we were travelling with 2 children and we were given ones on different floors. The telephone was so old the buttons kept sticking making it difficult to use (although there was a second phone as an alternative) None of these latter problems were enough to make a fuss about but together with the bed issue means that we wouldn't use the hotel again.The plus points were the great breakfasts ,helpful restaurant staff and the central location.	
Apr 7 2008 	Pretty nice hotel	Stayed in London for 4 nights and this hotel was very nice; big room, big bathroom, friendly front desk and amazing breakfast. Hallways were dated and smelled of smoke but our stay was pleasant and the location was amazing. It was a little pricey but relative to the season it wasn't too bad. I was having trouble dialing the US (first time trying) and the front desk was extremely helpful and ended up letting me use their phone for free. The hotel is 1 block from the Thames and 2 blocks from Trafalgar square and 1/2 block from the Tube. The breakfast was amazing! Room service was exceptional and the overall stay was very nice and would do it again.	
Apr 5 2008 	Perfect stay for London City	We stayed at the Royal Horse Guards Hotel for 2 nights - Booked via Superbreaks - had special offer including theatre ticket for the Mouse trap at St. Martins Theatre. Very well located hotel- next to the Embankment Underground station. Lovely view over the Thames - although we had a room to the side street on 5th floor. But we did have a good offer which did not include special double room with river view. Neverthe less it was a pleasant stay. No complaints about cleanliness. The mattress good have been better, old and lumpy and we could have done with larger and fuller pillows! Breakfast super; buffet with everything from full english to healthy fruitsalads and different youhurts and lovely bread rolls. Some Ameicans very funny; filled their plates with enlish breakfast AND fruit salad AND cinnamon swirls -all on the same plate!!The play &quot;The Mouse trap&quot; was superb , the theatre is lovely, built in 1907. Beautiful decor, all in wood. Very small and cosy - you got the feeling of being sat in your own livingroom having your own private performance. Good story and good actors. All in all a very pleasant stay 3 days stay.By the way, had lovely food at Bertorelli's Restaurant in St Martins Lane after the theatre. Also visited Gordon Ramsey's Boxwood Cafe -beautiful food, so well cooked and the taste was out of this world. Had to book the table 3 weeks in advance though. Restaurant bill for 2 persons £120.00, but worth every penny! Anna in Wales	
Apr 2 2008	Comfort and Service in the Capital	A birthday surprise from our daughter led to an experience not to be forgotten. On arrival at this elegant hotel the most courteous welcome. Our room, overlooking the river on the 7th floor, simply took our breath away - the room was spacious and elegant and although the decor was just a little tired we have to admit we didn't really notice once we'd walked through to the window and caught sight of the amazing view. Wow - the river, the London Eye, bridges, barges, the buzz of the embankment and finally the city and St Pauls Cathedral in the distance - awesome! And at night when it's all lit up ..... well wow again. The hotel is being refurbished this year floor by floor and when it's all completed it 'll be gorgeous. We dined in the hotel - breakfast was great. Dinner was unhurried and the food was sensational and once again, service to die for - over us like a rash but discreet when necessary! Professionals - what joy! We were made to feel very special. Been to many hotels in London but this one's the creme de la creme. Top of our list for sure. Go - you won't be disappointed, oh, and pay the extra for a river view - draggng yourself away from the window every morning and evening will be tough but guess what? the room service is pretty good too! Enjoy! We certainly did! :- )	
Mar 19 2008	Lovely Hotel	Myself and two other couples stayed here on the 13th and 14th March.We were in rooms 806, 807 and 810. My husband had upgraded ours 807 to an executive suite and for the extra £25 per night we felt it was well worth it. We had a Kingsize bed and a small sitting area which was great for pre-dinner drinks. Other than that it was the same as our friends rooms.We used our Tesco Clubcard vouchers so it was a great deal with breakfast included.We did have one or two gripes - those being, in our suite we had one towelling bathrobe and slippers (why not two?!!) The other two rooms which were executive doubles didn't have any robes and knowing this hotel is a 4* none of us brought any dressings gowns.Also there were no shower caps or replacement of products on our second day. Small details I know but just wanted you ladies to know the full deal!!The hotel was extremely handy for the tube stationsand also close enough to walk back from our restaurant around Covent Garden.I would definitely stay again and maybe upgrade to a river view suite.Any more queries please contact me.	
Mar 18 2008 	Good quiet hotel easy walk to many attractions	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 5 days on the way home from Mauritius. Our room was large with a king size (that was actually 2 twins put together). The weakness with the room was the small bathroom that needed some updating. We had an upgraded room with a view of the THames and the London eye--that was very nice.There are many sights within walking distance to this hotel--Trafalgar square, the National Gallery, Buckingham Palace, The Royal Horseguards, Big Ben, the parliament buildings, Westminister Abbey, Covent Garden, the strand, Charring Cross station etc, etc. Great location!The staff was very accomodating and curteous. Each morning there was a full breakfast downstairs if you wanted. The last night we were there we had dinner in the dining room--it was excellent (and quiet). We found in general it was hard to find quiet places to eat in London. The city never stops. I would recommend this hotel given the location, hotel itself and price.	
Mar 17 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Friend and I stayed this weekend at this lovely hotel. Great location to see all the sites, including the Eye which is just across the river from the hotel. Beautiful public areas, immaculate and warm. Nothing too much trouble for the polite helpful staff. Room was clean and comfortable, we had twin room, which was spacious enough for just the two of us. We did not have room with a view, but if that is what is important to you then it would be best to pay the extra when booking - but we did not plan to spend too much time in the room, preferring to explore the sights and hotel. Breakfast was plentiful and varied, something to suit everyone's taste. We took advantage of the special rate of 3 course meal in hotel restaurant in the evening. So glad we did as the food and service was wonderful. Cannot fault this hotel. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 14 2008 	Very pleasant experience	This is a very nice 4star hotel. It doesn't pretend to be a 5star hotel and it's not. However, the service was generally very good and the room was better than I expected with one exception. The only thing that needs improvement are the beds. Ours was rather old and very soft and I woke up with a back ache in the morning. I would suspect that each room is quite different and getting a good bed could be quite hit or miss. For that reason, I would inspect the room carefully before settling in. The bathroom was quite large with a separate shower and it was quite modern and clean. The breakfast food was rather mediocre and I'm glad that it came with our room as I would not have paid for it on a regular basis. The concierge and front desk staff were all as helpful as possible. The hotel location is great. Easy walking to all of the major sights. I would stay here again but would need to be sure that I could see the room and inspect the bed AND know that I have a choice should it be unsatisfactory.	
Mar 12 2008	Lovely Hotel	I stayed here with my family for 1 night when seeing a show. We used our Tesco Clubcard Vouchers. We booked an executive room with a river view and we got one! It was fantastic. They had to move people around to give us these rooms. We had two rooms on separate floors but it wasn't a problem. The rooms were lovely, no noise. The only downside was when we went for breakfast in the morning we had to wait nearly half an hour to be seated. We asked for a table of 4 and as we waited so long we decided to ask for 2 tables of 2.We would definately go back using the vouchers as it made it good value!	
Mar 1 2008 	First time and last time to stay	I booked a 2 night stay at this hotel with a Tesco/Thistle booking, To say that a promise was not kept was an under statement,Booking for the room was wrong stuck in a back room not the requested riverside veiw room ordered.Rooms dirty ,mouldy and of a poor standard,have pictures to share if asked for as on my phone. When highligthed poor additude at the front of house staff,no delivery of any papers for the two days,service at breakfast more like a road side cafe,not a 4/5star hotel.When moved to correct room only to find loud noisey/party unit 1am Sunday morning told function was next door only to find that the Wedding tribe from hell were in residence.A great location for a stag or hen party/dirty weekend but not a top class stay in a capital city.I hoped for better but was let down!!!!.Next time back to the Marriott at County Hall.	
Feb 23 2008 	Nice!	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and our son at 12. Check-in was efficient and the staff was smiling. (Unusual these days....)The room was a little bit worn, but I liked it. I think it was something with the atmosphere at the hotel that I liked.The breakfast was very nice. Although we only had continental breakfast, it was great.The location is very good, close to Embankment tube station. However i would not have liked to stay at this hotel as a single woman travelling alone, as the hotel is in a small, quite street.	
Feb 13 2008 	Be aware of building work	This is not our first visit to this usually lovely hotel, The staff are very accomodating and friendly. But no one told us when we booked that building work was going on, on the first 4 floors, with the builders begining work at 8am (ok if you are a business man but not if you want a relaxing break.) There was only one out of three lifts working and if you were going down from floor 5 the lift went up to the top floors first and then down so when the doors opened there was no chance of getting in, we got wise pressed the button to go up got in went up to the 9th floor and then all the way down to ground it was a fun ride if not a little cramped. I would usually highly recommend this hotel but check first if the builders have gone before booking. If you have to go request a high floor so you dont get disturbed too much.	
Feb 4 2008 	Excellent Location	Stayed here for 2 nights in Aug 07. Very clean and well presented hallways and lobby. On arrival my partner and I were given a FREE upgrade to a Junior Suite, but unfortunately without a view.Amazing location for sight seeing, with lots of attractions within walking distance.	
Jan 28 2008 	disappointed	Spent one night at the Royal Horseguards and was disappointed that my 'five star deluxe room' did not live up to my expectations - or the hotel website. The room itself was lovely but the bathroom was worn - cracks in the shower floor, limescale covered shower heads, a loose bath panel! chipped cups, bird-poo covered windows and a pretty uncomfortable bed added to our disappointment.A good location and a good breakfast - but dont expect the 5 star luxury used as a selling point.	
Jan 27 2008 	Worth it for the view alone	With the front rooms overlooking the Thames the views make a stay at the Royal Horseguards a special experience. However, not all the rooms have a river view and those that do carry a supplement - but it is worth paying.Staff generally are friendly and helpful. The rooms are not the largest but are adequately equipped. This was our second stay and on both occasions we noted the beds were particularly comfortable.Our room, on this occasion, was on the seventh floor. The decor is just beginning to show some tiredness but cleaning standards are good.The hotel's location is convenient for many West End theatres and it is in close walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden.Embankment tube is an easy 5 minutes walk.Breakfast is satisfactory. There can sometimes be a wait for a table. It is buffet service with a reasonable selection. Only niggles are the quality of the coffee and tea (both obviously made in advance and kept warm in insulated flasks before being served at the table) and the toast is served flat on a plate so it goes soggy very quickly - they should invest in toast racks.On the plus side breakfast is served up to 11.00am.All told the Royal Horseguards is no different to most other 4* London Hotels save for its location and it is for that reason we returned.	
Jan 21 2008 	Where is the view?	We used our Tesco clubcard vouchers to get a night away, leaving our son with his grandparents (would have cost 125 GBP). The location is fantastic although try as we might we couldn't find any views of the Thames/London Eye, which I guess are reserved for the poshest rooms. The hotel is very smart, efficiently run and the buffet breakfast is good although some people had to wait for seats to become available. The bed was very comfortable; it isn't often I find this at hotels.	
Jan 21 2008	Fantastic Hotel (No problems on our Honeymoon)	We arrived at the hotel straight from an overnight flight from JFK and requested an early check in by phone from the airport. When we arrived we were given a junior suite which we had not paid for and although the view was poor everything else was FIRST CLASS. From the porter on the door through to reception and housekeeping staff everyone was excellent.We dined in the restaurant and although it was pricey (£115 for 2) we couldn't find fault with the meal,although the head waiter was a bit offhand.We had just returned from our honeymoon aboard the Queen Mary 2 and have to say that the service and food we were given at this hotel was on par with or even better than the legendary Cunard White Star experience.Brillaint ! Thanks again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Service	We have just returned from 2 nights at this hotel. I have never experienced such good and friendly service in any hotel before particularly a London hotelEveryone seemed to have a smile on their face and nothing was too much troubleI cannot recomend this hotel too highlyThe location is excellent for sght seeing and theatres and the breakfast was also excellent	
Jan 11 2008 	All about location	We stayed at the Horseguards for a couple of nights, booked it on a late deal paying nowhere near the advertised prices (so you'd do well to shop around). We were bowled over by the size of the place and it's location was excellent, a stone's throw from the river and an excellent base to visit Westminster and London Eye by foot (with decent walking shoes, it's a brisk walk in the winter but lovely alongside the river). Alternatively if you don't want to walk, it's helpfully located close to the tube. Our room was larger than expected. We had no view; the window overlooked the 'tradesmans' end of the hotel, but in fairness we didn't book it for a room with a view and we certainly weren't disturbed by any noise from anywhere. It was very clean, enough towels and pillows, and a nice warm room in Winter. Overall our stay was good but only based on the rates we paid (approx £100 per night) - if I had to pay £300, I would only rate it as average.	
Jan 10 2008	Excellent location	Overall - I was happy with my stay at this hotel. The common areas are stunning. Upon entering the hotel we were greeted with a beautiful fresh flower display - every square inch of the lobby / common areas was spotless and beautiful.I stayed here 2 nights - 1 at the start and 1 and the end of a business trip. The first night saw me in a terrible cramped, room in a state of disrepair. Luckily I only needed to sleep as my arrival was late.The second night was much better I was assigned a great room with a view of a nice courtyard. The room was very spacious with a king sized bed, along with a very large bathroom.The service from the front desk was average. Breakfast was excellent - a very large buffet style breakfast.I would stay here again - particularly for the convenient location.	
Jan 9 2008	They hate honeymooners and groups.	We booked this hotel because of the proximity of the London eye and river Thames. Since it was our honeymoon we requested a river view, which we got ONLY for 1 night, as for some inexplicable reason they advised us the next day we had to change rooms, we complained to the manager (Victoria) this lady was cold as a block of ice, did not care about we had to say and firmly informed us that we needed to change rooms, &quot;we will upgrade you to an executive suite&quot;, when we finally moved to the &quot;executive suite&quot; we learn that it was an smaller room without a view!.We also experience, terrible service from room service, including mixed-up orders and wait time over an hour!. There was also a group staying at this hotel and some of the comments about the service were terrible.	
Jan 3 2008	A beatiful hotel poor experience	We booked another hotel through Go-Today Travel and were switched to this hotel a week prior to our trip. The hotel is lovely and the location is fabulous - however - upon arrival we were showed a room that had a distinctly musty smell, mold in the bathroom and the bed (double) had to be on an angle because of the shape of the room. We asked to change rooms and were told the hotel was full - but for an additional fee we could upgrade to a gprgeous room with a river view. We protested as we Iknew the first rrom was substandard and no one should stay there - we reluctantly relented as both my husband and I are very allergic and were concerned about the mold.. We have tried in vain to have the additional fees refunded. So beware of this hotel as this others on this board had similar experiences.	
Dec 31 2007 	Excellent/Superb in every way - 100%	Arrived for a post-Christmas break. The Hotel had everything &amp; more than we could have asked for. Staff very pleasant/friendly. Breakfast could not be faulted. There were many tourists (American, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch etc.,) staying at the hotel and it made me proud to be English! Food was hot and fresh. Room ultra-clean &amp; relaxing.Central to all amenities.Would definitely recommend and will certainly stay there again on next visit to London.	
Dec 18 2007 	Beautiful hotel but a little pricey	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards for two nights on the 14th &amp; 15th and enjoyed our stay immensely.The room was smart without being stunning and the bed was very comfortable.We had a river view which looked over the London Eye to the front, Big Ben could be seen to the right and St Pauls could be seen along the river to the left.Breakfast was buffet style and very enjoyable. We didn't have a meal in the hotel apart from breakfast but thought £4 for a cup of tea was a bit pricey, as was £10 for a large glass of wine but i suppose hotel prices can be a bit silly wherever you go.The staff were very friendly and polite and overall experience was excellent.Perhaps next time we will try to avoid the 'City Types' xmas party season though ( not the hotels fault!!).	
Dec 16 2007 	Great Stay - Excellent Choice Hotel	Great location - this is a quality hotel. We had a river view looking out over the millenium wheeel -stunning. Public areas are immaculate, service excellent too. Our room was traditional and perhaps a lttle dated but not immediatley obvious. Very comfy bed. Prices are resonable for drinks and food etc A safe bet for quality hotel in a lovely area of the city and literally 5 minutes from trafalgar square/big ben etc	
Nov 30 2007 	Enjoyable	Stayed at Royal Horseguards for one night on 24th November 07. Staff pleasant and helpful. Bedroom very clean and spacious. Breakfast excellent. Ideal for travelling on tube etc. Will return	
Nov 25 2007 	Great stay at the Royal Horseguards	I stayed at the Royal Horseguards Hotel from Nov. 15-21. The hotel is in a fabulous location for sightseeing and one short block from a tube station. The lobby is beautiful, as is the breakfast room (wonderful breakfast each morning as well, although it was included with my room). My room was located on the 4th floor. I didn't have a view of the river, but that was no big deal to me. My room was a perfect size for one person I thought. Actually a couple could have stayed in it quite comfortably as well. A nice big bed and comfortable too. Great shower as well! The staff was very nice and attentive. Would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 19 2007	Would have loved to have stayed.............	We were due to stay at this hotel last weekend and were attending a wedding there that night. When we arrived we were told that they were over booked and that even though we had booked 6 weeks in advance we would have to go to stay at there sister hotel at Charing Cross. Other people staying there for the wedding had issues as well! We were given a complimentary lunch which was great (glad we weren't paying as it was very expensive) and free taxis in between. This very nearly ruined our trip and we will avoid this chain from now on.	
Nov 12 2007 	Great view not so great value for money	Thistle is a recommended chain of hotels for use by the company I work for so I had little choice in where I stayed but I was not disappointed overall.I had a deluxe double for one night and was promised a river view - which I certainly got. The view was fantastic (opposite the London Eye) even if it is a little noisier on that side of the hotel. The room was quite large and well furnished with ample storage space and a pleasant bathroom.No complaints about the staff - reception were pleasant on arrival and checkout.Did not have breakfast as considered that £16.50 for a continental buffet was too steep even for London.Good location only a few minutes from Trafalgar Square and the Embankment tube station. The only downside I would mention is that the full cost of the room (&gt;£300 a night) is certainly not worth it so don't go unless you have a favourable corporate rate like me!	
Nov 9 2007 	Lovely Hotel	Royal Horseguards is a wonderful hotel with great all you can eat breakfasts, stunning interiors and comfortable rooms. The only downside I would note is that drinks and food are grossly overpriced - £6 ($12) for a small glass of Baileys Irish Cream and £4 for a pot of tea. If they would drop their prices to a more sensible figure this would be the ideal hotel for a London break	
Nov 6 2007 	half term break	Booked a twin deluxe room for myself and my son for a half term trip to London. Hotel was in a great location for visiting the sights, convenient for the tube and the eye. Rooms however were disappointing, much smaller than pictured on their internet site and slightly tatty. Breakfast was included in the rate and was good, although the pastries were poor quality for the price being charged. We ate in the restaurant on two evenings - the two course set menu was of a good quality - but the waiters were a bit intimidating, and it was not a very relaxing experience. Would stay here again for the location, but would try to ensure I was going to be allocated a better room.	
Nov 5 2007 	Good hotel great location	We were originally booked into the new Park Plaza County Hall for a girls weekend, but due to it's late opening were transferred to the Royal Horseguards instead. Luckily we benefited from low rates (£90 B&amp;B) as the Park Plaza paid the difference.The room was large, with a sofa, all amenities were fine (including the shower pressure!), and breakfast was good.Sound proofing between rooms is not very good, we had to ask the neighbours to keep it down at 1am as we could hear every word!Check out was a little chaotic, as they had put all charges for two rooms onto one room, but this was promptly sorted out. Overall a very pleasant stay, especially for the price!	
Oct 18 2007 	Poor value for money	Great view of the London Eye from the bedroom was the highlight of our stay but as with all things in London you pay for it! The rooms are large and quiet, albeit the shower was a trickle. The service in the downstairs lobby lounge for a lunch of soup and sandwiches was very very slow. Very expensive for what it was.	
Oct 13 2007	Bad hotel in a good location	The only good thing about this hotel is that it is in a good location near the theaters and tube. My experience with the hotel was horrible. First, the hotel advertises rooms with a view of the Thames. My room was small, smelled of mold, and had a window that opened up into a small opening between buildings which was about 2 meters wide and 3 meters long. The entire space was enclosed and since I was on the first floor almost no light came into my room. When I woke up in the morning on a sunny day, my windows would still be dark and look like it was as still night out. Plus there were other hotel rooms 6 feet from mine looking at me across this space so I had to keep the curtains closed almost all of the time. Aside from the room, I found the staff to be some of the worst I have ever encountered. I prepaid for this room with Expedia. When I checked in the lady at the front desk said that my room and breakfast had been prepaid. So for 4 of the 5 days there I ate breakfast in the morning. It was quite mediocre consisting of runny scrambled eggs, beans, grilled tomatoes, and bacon. Nothing special. Then upon checking out my bill had 17 pounds for breakfast each morning plus charges for items at the mini bar which I never touched. When I told the man who was checking me out I was told breakfast was included he said that it was not and I had to pay for it. I told him I did not take anything from the mini bar and had said that could be deducted. So he took the mini bar charges off my bill and gave me a new bill . This one not only had charges for breakfast each morning, one day it charged me for two breakfasts. I asked him what the double charge was for and he said I must have had a guest there with me. I told him I had no guest and asked him for to remove this charge. At this the man, who I remember was an assistant manger, was quite huffy and difficult to deal with. He ultimately took the second breakfast off my bill so Indeed up paying a whopping $35 dollars a day for a $6 breakfast. All in all my experience at this hotel was not good and I would not stay there again nor would I recommend it to anyone else. And if you do stay there, make sure you carefully review your bill upon checkout and get a room that really does have a view of the Thames.	
Oct 10 2007 	Raving about the royal horseguards!!!	I have stayed in London three times before, but this is definitely the best visit yet. The Royal Horseguards Hotel could not be better located - right opposite the London Eye and in a quiet but central spot in Whitehall. It is wihin easy walking distance of Westminster, Trafalgar square, Leicester Square and Picadilly circus, and the nearest tube station, Embankment, is minutes away. It is also close to the bus stops of all tours of London.As soon as you walk in, you know this is a top quality hotel with classy reception and exquisite lobby. The staff are helpful at all times, and cannot do enough for you.Our room was at the back of the hotel, not facing the Thames, making our stay a quiet one. All fixtures and fittings were classic and of quality.Breakfast was lovely - always hot and lots of choice.We went to the Horseguards to celebrate my mother's birthday, and we couldn't have asked for a better hotel - the Royal Horseguards is where I will stay on all visits to London from now on.	
Oct 8 2007 	Not value for money	We stayed at this hotel mid July 07 for 2 nights to visit a Buckingham Palace Garden Party. Like others, walked all the way around the block from the tube station expecting the entrance at the front. We waited for nearly 1 hour for the room despite it being past 2pm and was supposed to be ok for check in. Weren't offered any refreshments unlike hotels elsewhere during similar waits.The room was on the 7th floor, non smoking and I must say was the smallest one we've ever been in. We booked a deluxe double and were given what appeared to be a 3/4 size bed (not even double, but I'm sure it was) with room around the bed of only about 2 ft free at the bottom of the bed and one side, and a small table and chair to the other. A very cramped and long room indeed. Good wardrobe space. Views obscured by large trees at the front. Bathroom again very small with little room to lay out toiletries.The room cost us £185 per night but on checking nearer our visit the cost went up to about £230. This was a lot of money. I would think if you are coming from abroad, you will be in awe of the beautiful surroundings, contents, location and very British chic, with costs not being an issue. The consierge staff were fine, helpful and attentative. This could not be said for the bar staff who appeared inexperienced, slow and lacked good communication skills. The bar prices were typically extortionate too, but then this is a 'top class' (?) city hotel!The breakfast room was very well laid out with an enormous choice of fine food. Very much catering for all tastes. Again, let down by the serving staff, who could not understand simple requests for more tea, toast etc and appeared rather shabbily dressed.My advice to anyone considering staying at this hotel would be to visit their website and view the different room styles and have a good idea of what you are paying for. With hindsight, we should have contested our room as only now I think we were given something that definitely was not deluxe, was smaller than the photographed double room but better than the standard. Buyer beware and challenge if you don't get what you asked for.On our return, we did email the hotel with our grievancies but was given a standard reply that our issues would be dealt with.Looking at the more recent postings for this hotel, it would seem progress has been made in the right direction and that can only be a good thing. Overall, perfect location in every way, just very over priced.	
Oct 7 2007 	They probably have customers more important that you!	A colleague and I booked rooms at the hotel because we knew we would be working late and and beginning early the following day. We advised the hotel of our late check-in when we booked.When we arrived in the middle of a torrential storm we were kept waiting for some time until the manager could be found.He eventually told us that our rooms had been given to some VIP customers who had arrived before us but rooms had been reserved at another Thistle hotel at Charing Cross. Reluctantly we travelled there to be told that they too had given our rooms to other guests.We were offered rooms at a third hotel. Unsurprisingly we chose not to risk those being given to someone else.Never trust this company. When you need a room most they will probably have given it to someone more important than you!	
Oct 7 2007	The Royal Horseguards Hotel is indeed Royal	My husband and I just returned from a 10-day vacation in London and stayed at The Royal Horseguards Hotel. Our experience with The Royal Horseguards Hotel was extremely pleasant. Our room was on the eighth floor with a river view across from the London Eye. We could even see the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral from our windows. Our accomodations were first-class, our room was comfortable and well-decorated, and the daily English breakfast was a good value. We found the restaurant to be a little too pricey so we elected to eat at the local pubs or picked something up at Mark &amp; Spencers at the Charing Cross Tube location to bring back to our room or to picnic at the Green Park when returning from a day of touring London. The hotel is in a great location, a minute's walk from the Embankment Tube, lots of pubs around the Whitehall Area (we particularly liked The Clarence and The Sherlock Holmes), Westminister Abbey and Parliament are just down the street, and Trafalgar Square is less then 15 minutes away by foot. The front desk staff are all professional and courteous, the younger members of the concierge staff are more willing to assist with questions and directions, the maid service was outstanding, and the restaurant staff were always friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London, especially for the very first time.	
Sep 25 2007 	Wonderful	2 minutes from a tube station, on the River Thames, view of the London Eye, within 10-15 minutes of Parliment, St James Park and Buckingham Palace, Covent Garden, etc. Hotel upgraded us to a River view, room and hotel very nicely appointed, great details throughout. Staff very helpful and kind. The included breakfast was not only great and varied but a huge value for us. Would easily come back and recommend others.	
Sep 24 2007	Great location	Amazing location, right next to embankment and a very short walk from Trafalgar Square. Staff really focussed on making sure that you enjoyed your stay. We didn't really fancy eating in the restaurant, but it seemed popular with older diners.Room was fine a good size and clean etc. We booked a Junior Suite, view was over the courtyard in the middle, but it did mean that it was quiet. If we stayed again I'm not sure I'd pay the extra to upgrade to a Junior Suite. But we would most certainly book again.	
Sep 17 2007	Absolutely Fantastic	My boyfriend had booked this hotel for a suprise for 2 nights as he had booked me a gift experience day which included a speed boat along the Thames then onto the London Eye.The Hotel was amazing we had a fantastic deluxe room with 2 big bay windows overlooking the Thames with the London Eye to the front and Big Ben to the right.The room itself was perfect with our slippers and bath robe waiting for us. The breakfasts in the morning was very good and plenty to choose from.Its in very easy access to the tube station and in walking to distance to all the sites in London.We can't wait to hopefully return for New Years Eve this year!!	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Hotel	I have just returned from a one night stay in this hotel and would have loved to stay longer. Having stayed in London many times in various locations I would say that this hotel is an excellent choice for both location and comfort. The bedrooms are large and the bathrooms are beautiful. We had an amazing view of the London Eye from the room. The breakfast choices were varied and well presented. I loved the feeling of grandness of a bygone era with the antiques and general ambience of the building. I would definately choose this hotel in the future.	
Sep 16 2007 	Large rooms 	We found this hotel with its large rooms a comfortable, good value for pricey London. We've stayed 3 times (2004-2006) and it worked great for us every time. Stayed in a riverview room in winter (lovely) and twice in summer in a funky (in a good way), gigantic suite-like room on an upper floor at the price of a regular city-view room. True, on two out of three stays, we were given the wrong room on check-in, but the problem was quickly resolved completely to our satisfaction. All areas were clean and pleasant. Staff perfectly helpful at all times. Enjoyed the buffet breakfast. Location is very good but note that it is quite urban, not near any quaint neighborhoods or good, simple restaurants. We ate many meals in our room from M&amp;S Simply Foods (fine with us). On the picky downside, yes, you get a whiff of nasty cigarette smoke through the vents at times. Yes, the air con didn't work perfectly on one very hot day. Bathroom could use a maintenance tweak - but none of those seemed burdensome.	
Sep 11 2007 	Very Nice Great Location	We spent 2 nights here after a Baltic cruise. We found the location perfect for our interests. Very close to the river, only a short walk to Westminster. The London Eye just across the river from the hotel. And from behind the hotel, a lovely walk thru St. James Park to Buckingham Palace.The hotel front door tho is alittle diffcult to find, but right across the street from the Charing Cross train station, on a quiet street.Our room was lovely, large, quiet but with absolutely no view. Our view was of an interior area full of fire escapes, so we kept our curtains closed all the time.The bed was big, 2 twins pushed together which seems to be the norm in Europe.The bathroom was an adequate size, the woodwork around the tub was hurt from the shower water splashing on it but the bathroom was clean.	
Sep 9 2007 	A courteous complaint gets results	Two of us booked at RHG in December for our August trip to London. Reservations were made directly with the hotel and we negotiated a slightly lower than advertised rate which included a full English breakfast and VAT. We checked in in the early afternoon and were shown to a rather dismal room looking on to the fire escape scheme. A glance through the window did not inform us as to weather, or even whether it was day or night. Not a pleasant way to begin our stay. An immediate call to the desk was met with &quot;we have nothing else available,&quot; however a personal visit to reception the next morning resulted in resulted in a move to a much lighter, brighter and more up to date room, which altho without a view of the Eye or the Thames was considerably better that the night before (although it included an &quot;upgrade&quot; charge.As others have said, the location is excellent. We did have a glass of wine in the overpriced bar, but enjoyed dinner one night at the hotel's restaurant One Twenty-one Two which included the absolute best wild mushroom soup as a starter, that I have ever experienced!We found the breakfast very good and we were seated at crisp tables with no waiting on any of the four mornings of our stay. We had no problem finding the appropriate plates and bowls that an earlier poster complained about . The selections were typical of the full English breakfast, streaky bacon, potatoes, eggs both fried or scrambled, nice assortment of fruits, cereals, yoghurts and breads and no stale croissants. Although we didnt try the cold foods, they looked appetizing too. We ate well enough to spend the bulk of our day walking, visiting places we had been before or never visited at all and were well satisfied until we stopped for a coffee and muffin around tea time. The bed was comfortable, the space was good considering London's definition of spacious, and the bath was excruciatingly clean.We found the staff helpful and courteous---even the concierge who seems not to have found much favor in these reviews. There were at least two who I spoke with, getting directions, etc., and they were equally polite. Ditto for the very helpful doorman. Perhaps the poor reviews for the staff has resulted in a clean sweep, but I doubt it. If one looks for things to complain about, one can always be unhappy, but RHG gets good marks from us and we would go back again as soon as possible were it not for the dreadful US dollar/GBP ratio---which is certainly not the fault of this pleasant hotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	Lovely Lovely Lovely!!!!	This is the second time staying here and we have decided not to stay anywhere else when we visit London again, the location is perfect for getting around London the majority of the sights are within a short walk, the rooms are second to none and the staff are wonderful, so friendly and nothing is too much trouble, ok its a bit pricy but if you want a relaxing good quality stay in the city this is the place do do it, I must thank the concierge they are so helpful, you want directions/taxis/advice they are the ones to ask, the waiting staff at breakfast time are simply so profressional.All in all I can't praise this hotel enough its a real treat staying there!!!!!	
Aug 31 2007 	Excellent location	Stayed overnight in May. Had booked a twin room with River view and breakfast at an excellent rate. Required twin beds had been made up as a double but this was changed an hour after our arrival. Delighted to have a larger room than our friends!, with a River view. The bathroom was a good size and perfectly functional. Bed was comfortable.Didn’t eat in hotel, bar slightly expensive even for this grade of hotel.Really like this part of London it feels more historical than many others. Embankment tube nearby but do walk round the immediate area. I chanced upon a nearby military parade on my way to Trafalgar Square. Dependant on price would stay here again.	
Aug 28 2007 	In the heart of Westminster	I cannot imagine a better location than this hotel to explore London. The hotel is located next to two tube stations with the Embankment Tube station across the street and Charing Cross station a block away not to mention the Embankment Pier and Golden Jubilee bridge minutes away. It's an easy walk to the London Eye or to Trafalgar Square. There are plenty of restaurants and convenience stores nearby. Those willing to walk a little more will find that Buckingham Palace, Covenent Garden, Picadilly Square or even Paliament and Westminster Abbey are convenient.Breakfeast was decent: assorted pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, canned fruit, scrambled eggs, poached eggs, ham, sausage, and hash browns. If you want toast request it when they come with tea or coffee. If you come down at 8 am you don't have to wait for a table. When we came down at 9 am though we never had to wait longer than 5 minutes for a table for two. During the week the buffet closes at 10 am.As for our room. We initially booked the basic room through American Airlines which was only twin beds. When we arrived we were able to switch to standard. However, when we got to our room it was a smoking room on and I could swear it was still smoking. There was enough particulate matter to trigger an asmtha attack in my wife. Fortunately, they upgraded us at no charge to an Executive room. It wasn't much bigger than our original room but it had a desk, finer appointments, a bigger bathroom with both a shower and a bath and of all things a heated towel rack. Neither room had a river view. The beds had no topsheet only a comforter and I don't think they ever gave us fresh towels.A hint to those who want to take the Tube to the airport. You can get on the District Line at the Embankment station and transfer to the Picadilly Line at Baron's court by just walking across the platform. It will cost you 60 pounds by taxi from the airport but only 4 pounds to take the tube.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location/Service/Value and most importantly Nice Breakfast...!!	Have stayed here several times....the reviews are right....Great Location (1min from Embankment Tube), Good Service, Nice Rooms and fantastic Breakfast and theRoom rates are very good.	
Aug 21 2007	Pleased indeed with the Royal Horseguards Hotel	Having never been to London, my husband and I were very pleased with the location of the Royal Horseguards Hotel. It literally is within walking distance to many attractions, restaurants and grocery stores - not to mention the Embankment tube station across the street. Check in was quick. The lobby is pretty and was always picture perfect. We stayed in room 760, and although we had a view of walls outside our window, we were very impressed with the size of the room. It had a queen sized bed (firm, although the pillows offered no support) , a desk, with several outlets (we requested an electrical outlet adapter from concierge in order to use our laptop), a couch (not comfy), and two sitting chairs (better suited to really small bottoms!). The bathroom was clean, and water pressure was strong, although the tub was quite narrow. There is a safe and mini refrigerator, as well as an electric kettle for hot water to make instant coffee/tea (Nescafe - didn't try it). The TV was about 18&quot; and had very few channels. The air conditioner/fan was quite noisy and did not make the room cold. It really was just like a fan...a loud one. We didn't really have any contact with staff other than for check in, and obtaining a map and adapter from the concierge. Overall, we were pleased indeed!	
Aug 20 2007 	Nightmare for non-smokers; very disappointing	A cautionary tale for all non-smokers. On opening the door to our room, we were almost choked by an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke. As we are both non-smokers this was pretty unpleasant. The rooms on this corridor (6th floor) were labelled ‘Smoking room’, yet when I booked (on-line) there had been no option to choose a smoking or non-smoking room, or I would have picked the latter. Phoned reception who refused to move us as ‘there were no other rooms available’, and said that their policy is not to allocate either a smoking or a non-smoking room on request or at booking as they can’t guarantee either will be available. So what’s the point of having smoking and non-smoking rooms if guests who get put in them might not be in the right category? The receptionist also said that ‘very few people smoke in our rooms’ – he had obviously not ventured into one of their smoking rooms lately. The smell did not go away for our entire stay. I can see from other reviews that it’s not unusual for guests to be put in a smoking room even if they have requested something else, or indeed to get a room that isn’t at all what you expected, and that staff have been unhelpful for other guests too. This hotel is definitely one to avoid if you dislike cigarette smoke, or even as a smoker who doesn’t want to get put in a non-smoking room, and seems to offer pot luck as to whether you get a decent room or not. For that reason alone, I would not return. Even Travelodge can tell you in advance whether you get a non-smoking room or not! That said, the location (right next to the Thames) was very picturesque. Breakfast was OK in terms of the food., though the buffet set-up had the plates in the middle so you couldn’t pick one up and move down a line, but had to hop back and forth to get all the items you might want. Some items were also running out and for the last 40 mins of serving didn’t seem to be being replenished. The breakfast area is also relatively small – coming down for a weekend breakfast between 10-11, the last hour of serving, meant a wait of about 20 mins till a table became free. They should think seriously about expanding their dining room, as I have not had to wait like this at any other hotel. Again, I wouldn’t return.	
Aug 17 2007 	fantastic location lovely hotel	we booked this hotel through lateroom's mystery hotels, so after reading the reviews we were dreading what we would arrive to find. however, apart from rude americans repeatedly pushing in at reception desk, we didn't have any other complaints about the hotel. the location is fantastic, we didn't need to use any transport, we just walked everywhere. our room was lovely, we didn't have a river view but didn't mind that. the ceiling was high, it was bright and spacious, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was spotlessly clean. i really don't know what people are complaining about, we loved our stay here and would definitely book again.	
Aug 16 2007 	Good Location to the Theatres	Stayed at The Royal Horseguards for 1 night with my girlfriend. Our choice was based on the hotel being close to Aldwych Theatre.Location2 Minute walk to Embankment Tube Station.10 Minute or less walk to Theatres.HotelNice external appearance, covered more these days by the trees in the gardens infront. For a Thames view room I recommend a 6th Floor room or higher.The Lobby and Bar are smart with a modern design. Nothing out of this world though. RoomRoom 813 had a good clear view of the London Eye and the Thames. This was a smoking room, but as non smokers the room didn't smell of smoke at all, even though the corridor did. The room was clean and an adequate size. The bed was comfortable with good linen. If you want a nice room with a great view I recommend this room.Food &amp; DrinkI only can comment on the breakfast but it was very nice. Usual hot and cold buffet choice. Plentiful and good selection.The lobby bar didn't really have the atmosphere to tempt us in.StaffThe staff at check in/out were very pleasant, quick and helpful.The staff at breakfast were also very pleasant.OverallI would recommend staying at this hotel and room 813, especially if your visiting a theatre for the night.	
Jul 28 2007 	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel for one night with 3 girlfriends and was a little apprehensive in light of some of the previous reviews however I had absolutely no complaints. The location is perfect and all the staff we encountered including the doorman were polite and friendly. Our room on the 8th floor was spacious and nicely appointed as was the bathroom. However 2 of my friends had a room on the 5th which was considerably smaller than hours and looked in need of refurbishment!! As we were only staying 1 night however we didn't complain. All in all I would return to this hotel if in London again.	
Jul 25 2007	Could have been terrible	Stayed here on the 21st July for 2 nights and chose to book a double deluxe room.We were given room 847 which was in no way deluxe.Very shabby furnishings and a bathroom that needed fefurbishing and decorating,also very little wardrobe and drawer space.We had booked this break fr a special occasion and had informed the hotel by telephone and also in our original booking.After inspecting the room and telephoning down to reception we got nowhere with the receptionist so asked for a manager.The manager , Emma Dias was most apologetic and helpful and said we should never have been allocated this particular room.We were moved to room 320 which was beautiful but was advertised as a twin room but the large and comfortable beds were next to each other.Very nice bathroom and lots of hangingspace for clothes,a free safe and an iron and .trouser pressThis room had charm and was very acceptable.The pubic rooms were very well decorated and there were very nice fresh flower displays in reception.AN adequate coocked breakfast was provided but the bread ,croissants and pastries were of poor quality.Drinks in the bar were expensive,which you can expect for London.We found all the staff to be very polite and pleasant although sone of the witing staff were a little on the scruffy side.I think they should have a uniform provided which would help with their appearance as many of them seemed to be dressed in poor clothes with dirty shoes..My advice is if you are not happy with your room,complain.Not enough of us do and at this hotel there seem to be many different standards of rooms.We found out later that our original room was only designated for 1 person!	
Jul 24 2007 	Location Good Everything else: not so hot	Hmm, location is so good, you barely need to take the tube/subway while in town...however, most everything else was lacking. Lobby was nice but 5th floor room was very old and tired. Beds sagged visibly and bathroom needed rehabbing big time. It was clean but very worn. Concierge is not fitting of having that title...some examples: Concierge made reservations at a place for us for dinner- was told by him &quot;they cant accomodate you tonite&quot; and so he made reservations at their &quot;sister&quot; restaurant nearby. Turns out the first restaurant was not even open for business- it was closed for good (i guess thats why they couldnt accomodate us?) and the concierge provided the completely wrong address for the second restaurant. Asked him on a Saturday night if the tube ran less frequently on Sundays and he said, I dont know, ask the concierge who works on Sundays. Wow. Getting back to the positives...breakfast was very good. Based on other reviews, it seems like its hit or miss on what kind of room you get and if its nice or not. Its 3 star at best in our experience. Have stayed in various London hotels on prior trips and would not return to this one.	
Jul 22 2007 	Great location/breakfast	We stayed at the Horseguards for 6 nights in July. Upon arrival they didn't have a record of our reservation at the desk. The desk clerk went down to the downstairs office for over a half hour to try and retrieve our reservation. The other family at the desk had this same issue. Make sure you bring record or your reservation! Original room was a center room with no windows, yikes! The next choice was a tiny room overlooking a building. All of these rooms were smoking even though our agent specified nonsmoking. We could upgrade for $50/night to a larger room with a view, still 2 twin beds. Mohammed @ the desk was very understanding of our frustration and finally negotiated the upgrade to $15/night. We felt that for a 4 star hotel and the price we paid originally this should have been a standard room. The wall paper was pulling down from the corners as was the carpet. We found the pictures on the hotel website very miss leading. The bathroom was great. The view was nice but obstructed by trees. The hallways were narrow and creepy. The previous review that the concierge and the door man being selective was so true! It was very difficult to get useful direction or info from the concierge they had during the week. He looked unapproachable and was sarcastic, rude, unfriendly, etc. He would slap down a brochure and with much prodding give very vague directions and info. An example of this is when we asked about a tour to Oxford he booked us on a tour to Ann Hathaway’s cottage, Stratford on Avon, Shakespeare’s Birthplace/home and Oxford. Only when we boarded the bus did we know about all the other stops on the tour, Oxford being only 45 minutes. This was extremely disappointing! Breakfast was excellent and kept us going all day!!! We did sneak along croissant and cheese sandwiches for our dinner. The location was fantastic close to the Embankment station! This hotel was ok, and we had a fantastic time in the city. We will definitely explore different options the next time we’re in London!	
Jul 21 2007 	Enjoyed the Horseguards	My husband, teenage daughter, and I stayed at the Horseguards the first week in July and loved it. Other than an only so-so mattress, we experienced none of the complaints in other reviews. The deluxe river-view room was lovely and large, even comparing it to the size of US hotel rooms. It had plenty of walk around room in spite of the 3rd bed taking up a chunk of space. The bathroom was marble, large, had nice amenities, and had a view of the London Eye from the window. At checkin the Front Desk person went out of her way in getting us just the right room, the conceirge and doormen were helpful and always had a friendly greeting and smile. I wish I knew the name of the doorman who would kid us each day about the &quot;lovely&quot; weather (it was constantly overcast/rainy) and ask if we had our brollies. And of course the location couldn't possibly be better - complete with fireworks on the other side of the river on the 4th of July. It was a great stay and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jul 15 2007	Great location poor service	I stayed a night at the Horseguards recently. What can I say about the location of the hotel - it is superb! If you are a tourist in London, this is probably one of the best places to stay. Most attractions are within walking distance, and the location of the hotel facing the Thames and the London Eye is difficult to beat. My room was tastefully furnished, and the bathroom was large and beautifully done up. Breakfast was excellent. What lets the hotel down unfortunately is the fairly impersonal service by the staff. In particular, the doorman and concierge seem to be very selective about who they wish to deal with, which is simply not on. Apart from the service levels, the hotel certainly lived up to my expectations.	
Jul 13 2007 	Royal Horseguards	I travel to London every week on business and used to stay at Thistle Charing Cross (just up the road). Swapped to Royal Horseguards and haven't looked back.Love it here and staff are very responsive if you've any problems.Hotel has plenty of old world charm and breakfasts are spot on.Would recommend!	
Jul 11 2007 	Location is superb dump the car and you dont even need the tube!	Spent two nights at this hotel during a birthday trip arranged by my wife to watch this years Tour de France. The hotel appeared to have been a base for a lot of the organisers of this event as the a lot of fellow guests were French as well as a significant number of Americans (even with the current exchnage rate of the dollar). The hotels location, right on the Thames opposite the London eye, make it ideal for exploring the historical centre of the city. The room was very comfortable and well appointed although we failed to get a river view (TdeF had all those!)The staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a very filling affair which kept us going for the rest of the day. We did not eat in the hotel in the evening so cannot comment on the qaulity of the food, but the menu was reasonably priced exspecially in relation to the price of some of the other London hotels.Impression of the hotel from an English view is &quot;it seems a bit straight-laced&quot; however when considering its international market it could be described as steriotypically English!	
Jul 5 2007 	I loved this hotel!	From the moment I first saw pictures of this hotel, I wanted to stay there. Despite the sometimes spotty reviews, and knowing it would not be &quot;a sure thing&quot;, I kept searching until I found a good rate. Then I contacted the hotel directly to get the room I wanted. We had a deluxe room with a Thames view and breakfast included. They put in an extra bed for our daughter (in addition to the double). They could not give us a non-smoking room but I never detected a smoke smell.Check-in was brisk and busy, but polite. The slightly funky, old world charm of the decor appealed to me quite a bit. The room was small but well-arranged. The bathroom was wonderful. The view was so nice. Despite the little time spent in a hotel room when you are a tourist, a nice view is something that adds a lot to a vacation for me. I also LOVED the location. The minute you step out the door, you are surrounded by the beautiful buildings of Westminster. The only drawbacks were the hard beds and the not-so-great buffet breakfasts (paper napkins instead of cloth, indifferent service, etc.) But it was included so &quot;mustn't grumble&quot;.	
Jul 1 2007 	Avoid with a Capital A	When I worked for a large public accounting firm after law school I stayed at the hotel for a few weeks. I thought it was charming - in a British sort of way. That was almost 10 years ago. Recently, I returned with my family (I chose it based on the memories ). Perhaps my tastes have changed or maybe the hotel just got worse but at the end of the day it was an utter disappointment. In fact, it was so bad, it negatively impacted the london leg of our European vacaction. I should note that we booked 9 rooms since it was a family vacation. the comments below apply to all the rooms not just mine so you know that it wasnt a fluke.To begin with - the rooms are disgusting. Shabby chic is an understatement. For example, the furniture is stained. The wall-paper is peeling. The beds are the kind you find in a 3rd rate hotel in Milwaukee - you get the picture. Also, the rooms had a slightly musty, unpleasant smell - the sort that you find in your old grandmothers house.Air Conditioning - The hotel says that they have air conditioning. Wrong. They have a air cooling system which amounts to a blower in the wall. This means that you need to sleep with the windows open each night with the blinds up. This made it impossible to sleep late since it starts getting light at 4 in the morning. Service - Makes the rooms and the air conditioning look good. Where to begin. Lets start with the conceirge. To put it simply, they knew nothing. I will give you an example. My wife and I wanted to go out for a nice dinner. We asked him to help us choose a top London restaurant. His response was they are all good and tried to convince us to eat in the corner pizza restaurant. My wife asked where the closest playground was since we were traveling with my 3 and 5 year old. He told us that there were none close by. We took a walk and 2 blocks away there was a great play area for the kids. One night we need new sheets for the bed. 4 hours later I had to go downstairs and argue with the manager to get them. While I was not expected 4 seasons service - this was really, really, really bad. They could not provide basic service.Food - While the afternoon tea was nice (slow) the main restaurant was a diaster. The food came slowly, was undercooked or overcooked and had to be sent back numerous times. We only ate there once but it was enough.Basically, the hotel is a diaster that seems to be used by middle class British folks not Americans. Perhaps this influences the service and the accomodations. It is important to note that I did not go there expected a first rate hotel ( I typically stay in Ritz Carltons, 4 seasons or Mandarin Orientals when I travel). However, I did not expect something so bad, so disappointing... Avoid with a capital A.	
Jun 28 2007	drinks outside	We did not book a room there; finances did not allow. But, because I have always wanted to stay there, thi past Thursday evening we strolled over to have a drink. We ended up in the bar and the restaurant maitre'd came over. I told him we wanted a drink but did not anticipate the bar would be so, well, inside. He beckoned us to follow him, through the dining room and out into a little garden/terrace with small wrought iron tables overlooking (well, on the same level as) the Embankment. Birds singing, trees rustling in the wind. It was exactly what my fantasy perfect spot to have a drink in London would be. And he was just so kind to non-hotel-guest, wandering American tourists. And, could there be any doubt, next time we have decided we will stay there.	
Jun 25 2007 	Beautiful hotel!!	After ten minutes trying to find the entrance to the building me and my partner finally found it, not quite where we expected it though! We assumed the entrance would be on the river side and were very confused when we couldn't find it.When we arrived at the hotel I was amazed at how beautifully decorated it was. I have read previous reviews and was a little worried about what the room was going to be like, especially as I had booked the standard room. I was offered an upgrade for £25 extra but didn't feel the need to as we were only staying the night. When we got to our room I was amazed at the decor, it was lovely, there was nothing that I could have faulted. It was clean, tidy and had everything that we would have needed.During the night there was a slight humming from the air conditioning but too be honest it didn't bother me at all, i didn't have trouble sleeping because of this and i was just glad that the room was air conditioned!! I was however woken up in the morning by some very loud children and people walking past the room as they walked to the lift but this is not anything to do with the hotel itself.The staff were very helpful, we wanted to walk around london in the morning after our stay before returning and they were happy to hold our bags in a secure room until we returned to collect them. The express checkout service meant that we were able to check out with no worries.	
Jun 23 2007 	Faded grandeur	This hotel should have it all. The location is fabulous - on the Thames, opposite the London Eye, short walks to Westminster, Covent Gardens and two minutes to the tube. The building itself is very beautiful and the public rooms are grand and well kept. However after that you take your chances. We had booked a double, non smoking river view room at a rate of £185 per night. Our room was a tiny twin, smoking room with a view of the river completely obscured by trees. After a quick word with reception we were given the keys to a non smoking, large double with river views - just what we'd requested - why we couldn't have been given this from the outset I've no idea. No offer to help move our bags from one floor to another. The view from the room was stunning. The style of the room was classical, unfortunately the room itself needed a refurb. There had obviously been major water damage to the ceiling, the plaster was peeling in the bathroom and the bath panel was very damaged and badly splintered. Having seen the photos on this site of a luxurious bathroom, I can say that neither of the rooms we had were anything like this.The staff were just okay. The concierge service wasn't particulary knowledgable and the doorman looked grand but ignored everyone. To be fair the disappointing elements didn't spoil our stay. As I said the location was fantastic, and that made up for everything else. But its a shame the hotel relies on this. I just wanted to point out that the rooms seem to be a lottery, it certainly isn't 5* service and for the price you pay you might expect better.	
Jun 21 2007 	Great hotel and location	My wife and I enjoyed every minute of our stay at this hotel. The staff is courteous, polite and always trying to make your stay as pleasant as possible. I travel year long around the world and I would recommend this hotel without a doubt to anyone who wants confort, quality and a perfect location. Between the Big Ben and Trafalgar Square, you are minutes from the theatres (we saw The Phantom of the Opera) and Leicester Square or Covent Garden where we left some pounds on wine and dinner. I had read a few of the reviews but could not understand some since I had been in London 3 times before and had/ always wanted to stay in that beautiful French Castle by the Thames.Enjoy London and the hotel!	
Jun 21 2007 	Another Curates Egg !!	I was amazed to find that Trip Advisor apparently had no reviews of this four star hotel in a prime position on the banks of the Thames ,a stones throw from Trafalgar Square, Downing Street and The Wheel. But may be those boffins in Trip Advisor HQ will discover it is somewhere in the system.To work. My wife and I have stayed here before when it was a genuine Thistle hotel. Now it advertises itself still as Thistle hotel even though I believe Thistle no longer hold the purse strings. Then we had a very comfortable stay in a superior room 9thanks to our shareholder upgrades) overlooking the Thames, the kind of view Monet or Turner would have appreciated. This time we booked through SUPERBREAKS who gave us - unrequested - a 'Superior ' room for our selves and another for our Russian guest.On arrival we were greeted efficiently, requesting a non smoking Superior room. We finished up on the top (9th) floor in rooms which of themselves were quite adequate but which in size and position rather stretched the opinion that they were 'superior' - items such as shoe polishers, slippers, good selection of bath gel etc were at a minimum or missing. Also, as with so many British hotels, the TV was ancient with a poor coverage of different digital channels. There is a reluctance to lash out and provide all the SKY Channels. And of course Teletext - unknown to Americans ? - was very slow to react.We stayed three nights. Breakfasts were very good, though you had to frustratingly continue to ask for refills for coffee or tea. Why cant they leave a pot of one's choice on the table ? For convenience sake for our Russian guest we dined in each evening at the hotel restaurant 1212 - an allusion to 'Scotland Yard the former HQ of London's Metropolitan police station which used to be nearbybut which has now moved to Victoria about a mile away. 'Whitehall 1212'was their famous phone number'.The restaurant presents itself as a staid London dining place, crisp white table cloths, shiny glasses, attentive Maitre de etc. Most of the waiters etc are not from the UK, of course. But you dont come to a restaurant to admire these ancilliaries. You come to eat and you hope the food and the menu will reflect four star - or even five star which is what the hotel was classified as some years ago. Well ? Sorry chaps but you are not there yet. First, every evening the set menu at £27.00 was the same menu !! Now that shouldnt be the case where one's choice is restricted to three or four items for each course. On queriing this I was told 'We change the menu on Mondays, Sir'. Not good enough. And the standard of cooking and presentation ? The latter was OK, the cooking left something to be desired. It wasnt poor, but it could have been hotter and frankly we all agreed that for a hotel of that standard it should have been of a higher quality . With one exception - the Sticky Toffee pudding was BRILLIANT. The best ever ! Another annoying factor was the practice to add a 'voluntary' 12.5% service charge to every bill - AND THEN SUGGEST YOU LEFT A TIP !! Not on - though I did give the Maitre De a tenner to thank him for his efforts at the last meal.The hotel was very busy that weekend (June1-3rd 2007) with delegations from the BBC, Canada, The Middle East etc brightening up the foyer. Maybe that is why we were shunted up to the top floor wherelife was peaceful if humble.And if you are wondering - a taxi to Heathrow from there is £45.80 plus tip - thats around $100.Will we stay there again ? If we are feeling flush Yes. The bill was in excess of £1300 for the three of us for the three nights. But we would eat out in the evening....................Tony and Hilary Ireland Cheltenham England plus Dr. Olga Kaidalova Phd of Udmurt University Izhevsk Russia.PS London was in good form - especially to see the Italian paintings in The Queens Gallery in Buckingham Palace, a rehearsal of the Changing the Guard - and wonderful elfin Connie Fisher in SOUND OF MUSIC. Tickets are expensive (up to $155), but who cares - you are on holiday. Booking now to Feb 2008. On Mondays and Wednesday matinees her stand in is said to be splendid too.	
Jun 18 2007 	Glorious View	My husband and I celebrated our 40th anniversary on a Baltic Cruise and stayed here the four nights prior to the cruise. The room and bathroom were large and clean and comfortable. Lots of closet and storage space. The view of the Eye and Thames were to die for.. A full English breakfast was included and wonderful. The hotel is convienient to most tourist attractions. We love the area. The staff was great. Can't say enough about this hotel.Will stay there again.	
Jun 6 2007 	A lovely respite	My experience could not have been better - from the friendly reception and bellman to the huge room overlooking the Thames to the sumptuous English breakfast. Great location, within walking distance to Covent Garden, across the river to the London Eye, anywhere in central London.	
Jun 4 2007	Great Location but check your room first	Booked through Thistle got a fare rate per room, but decided to up grade to executive, then river view. Went in advance to check the room, but it was so dark and small ( on the 8th floor, but it was in the roof space! more like staff quarters!)I complained and asked to change the room, and in all fairness the reception staff were helpful and I changed to the 4th floor with double windows, there was no probelms with this room, very comfortable, superb furniture and wi fi, and had no problem sleeping.Cost of coffee etc was OK, very comfortable pubkc rooms and standard of furnishings excellent, overall I would recommend this hotel and would return again, but I would ask to see the room first	
May 28 2007 	Great location good experience	I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for three nights in mid-May.The hotel was in a perfect location for getting around, right next to the Embankment tube and taxis were waiting in front non-stop.I arrived about 11 a.m., had requested the room be ready for early check-in, but as informed, it was not guaranteed, so I ended up dropping my bags and meeting up with friends until the room was ready at 2 p.m.The room was nice and clean upon arrival and the view was great of the Thames and the London Eye. Room service was punctual, I didn't go to the breakfast that was included in the rate as I am the type who likes my coffee in the room as soon as I get up.I stayed on the eighth floor, which was nice with the only exception being if you leave the small safety doors open to the outside you get little flying bugs inside that take up residence on the ceiling. Not the hotel's fault, but maybe they should consider putting up bug screens or letting guests know about these little critters.The shower and bath were fantastic, plenty of hot water and very clean.The bed, well, yes, it was lumpy as others have posted, but I've had worse! Slept well regardless and the room was VERY quiet.Front desk staff was great and the lobby bar was attentive as well.I'd stay there again, if I was to get the same rate (160 gbp per night) for the deluxe room.	
May 27 2007	Oh Dear	As a birthday treat my husband took me to London for the week -end staying in what he thought would be a 4 star hotel. The room was small and dingy with no natural light at all, as it was ajoining the fire escape. Not only that but there was no mini bar, the wallpaper in the bathroom was coming off and the final straw there were black stains in the toilet. He asked if we could have a different room and we were given the key to look at another one, which was much better and brighter, we went to reception and said it was fine, my husband asked it it cost anymore which it did. As he paid nearlly £300.00 for a 2 night stay without breakfast we felt it didn't warrant any extra cost so asked if there was another room for the same price we had paid. We then were given another room in the &quot;delux&quot; catagory we had booked. There was a window with daylight coming in so we accepted it.The water came out of the shower as a trickle and the bed was uncomfortable, the room was the size of a broom cupboard and in urgent need of a makeover. We will put this down to experience and NEVER stay there again.The only good thing to be said is that it is in a great location, but then, so are many others. Unless you upgrade to an executive suite this really is not a four star hotel.	
May 9 2007 	Very Disappointed	We decided to book this hotel as we were celebrating my sisters 40th birthday and wanted to take her somewhere special. She had stayed here some years ago and was very impressed. On arrival we found that they only expected two of us, luckily we had the paperwork showing that we had booked and paid for three adults. We left our bags with the concierge staff (Who were wonderful) and went into London for the day. We arrived back to our room to find that it had only been set up for two people (towels, drinks, cups etc) and a camp bed (which wasn't very comfy) had been set up at the foot of the twin beds.The room was very scruffy with peeling paint, cracks in the walls, dirty bath (the shower didn't work properly either) and a damaged bath panel. On complaining we were told that they only expected two adults and a child...why I don't know?? And that the hotel would be fabulous when it was refurbished! The housekeeping lady looked at the bath panel and just kept saying 'no problem' over and over again but didn't actually do anything about it! The public rooms were lovely but our room was very disappointing, not a four star stay by any means - we'll book elsewhere next time!	
Apr 27 2007 	Another Great Stay At The Horseguards!	This is our second stay at the Royal Horseguards, the first being about a year ago. The location of this property just cannot be beat. The property is not &quot;cookie-cutter&quot; and all rooms are different. Again this year, we upgraded our room for an additional charge and found it a great value to do so. Had a lovely view of the Thames and the London Eye.The front desk staff are incredibly friendly and accommodating. The only weak area seems to be the concierge who doesn't seem to know much at all about the area, restaurants, etc.Lovely stay - would highly recommend!	
Apr 22 2007 	Perfect Location	We had a room that over looked a ventilation system. Not the prettiest view. Our location made up for it. It's close to everything. It's a very safe area. Our room price which was $216 (that's dollars) a night included breakfast. I loved the breakfast! The wait staff were very nice and brought whatever you needed. I never felt rushed or crowded. We spent 3 nights there and loved every one.	
Apr 14 2007 	Wonderful perfect hotel!!	This hotel could not be more convenient, quiet, comfortable, beautiful, and easy to stay in. Right next to tube stop, easy walk to Trafalgar Square, Westminster, and other wonderful sights, very kind staff, and beautiful view of the river. We were on the 7th floor , river side, and it was just perfect! Can't wait to return.	
Apr 6 2007 	Average	Our second visit to the Royal Horseguards. Got a really good deal 'secret hotels' at lastminute. However, when we arrived they had given us a room the size of a broom cupboard, very near to the lift. Our booking was for a deluxe room. When I questioned the room with lady at reception she told me it was a deluxe room.. When we said it couldnt be we were told that is the room you have booked and it would be £30 per night for a bigger room. We were then told by a different member of staff later in the day that it was a standard room. There was no negotiation on their part and their attitude was arrogant and dismissive. Once we paid the upgrade, we did get a very nice clean, bright room which was much bigger, but we had to move our own bags, no offer of help in any form. We didnt eat at the hotel as their prices were outrageous. We obviously expected to pay more because we were in a London hotel but £9 for a glass of wine and £21 each for breakfast! The hotel is in a very good location which would be hard to beat but the attitude of all of the staff completely rules it out for us in future. I have never stayed in a hotel where the doormen dont open the door for you and, indeed, look the other way when you approach. or where 4 members of staff stand by whilst a disabled lady struggled up four stairs with a walking stick and her suitcase. Dont stay at this hotel if you are expecting 4* treatment, you will be lucky to get 2*.	
Mar 17 2007	Mamma mia weekend	Arrived at Hotel at 2pm Reception very helpful and polite quick check in. Our Room was on the 6th Floor very pleasant room decor in good conditon. Coffee Facilities ,nice bath come shower (small but adequate). Ideal position for Theatres, Oxford Street Regent street. Good deal through Tesco Clubcard deals four times the value of vouchers. Breakfast was plentiful hot, good service in the restuarant lovely decor very posh. Reception as you walk in, is very spectuclar, lovely open fire and in the evening their is a pianist playing in the bar. Stayed their so that we could see a show in the evening around 5pm, we went and saw Mamma Mia would recommend this show very entertaining. Theatre has been refurbished lovely sitting areas.Plenty of choices of Restaurants in Piccadilly and Leicester Square.Lovely gardens in front of Hotel facing the London Eye.	
Mar 15 2007 	Excellent choice of hotel	We stayed at the Horseguards for 8 nights in March. We had a deluxe room, street view. Everything in the room was very nice. Kng sized bed, two chairs, table, and adequate drawer and closet space. Large entry with cupboard for tea and coffe making tray, minibar and closet. The bath was very nice, great shower stall with power heads and also a lage tub, which was separate.It was a very nice stay. We were offered an upgrade for 30 pounds, but with the exhange rate of US dollars as it is, we figured we could go outside to see the river. Location is great!We booked through northwest World Vacations, so got an excellent rate. Breakfast was included and it was a good breakfast.the only problem during our stay was the fire alarm, which in one week managed to go off 3 times, always in the night! That got old fast!!	
Mar 10 2007	Great Hotel Great Stay	We weren't in our room much, but we really enjoyed it when we were. The beds were very comfortable and for once I loved my &quot;hotel pillow!&quot; Breakfast was included with our stay and it was lovely; there were more options than we could have managed to sample during our stay. The service was impeccable and the concierge very helpful, especially sine it was our first visit to London. There was some question about our reservation when we checked in, as in MLT Vacations had not booked the proper room. However, the staff were more than accommodating and made the correction simply, without involving us at all.The location is excellent!	
Mar 6 2007 	Great location amazing building	We stayed at Royal Horseguards for 2 nights on last weekend of February 2007. The location is great if you want to stay in the city center and theatre area, we walked everywhere. The Embankment tube station is 150 meters from the hotel so very convenient if you don't want to take a taxi from the airport. The room was huge and stylish in a classic way. Good shower with hot water. Lots of TV channels. The twin beds were a bit odd to me: very high, the mattress was very thick and a bit &quot;slippery&quot; towards the sides (you had to be in the middle of the bed). Good thing was that the hotel has real Scandinavian style quilt covers and those blanket + sheet combinations that I so dislike. The only funny thing was that the quilt cover was for a double quilt but in the twin bed I had the quilt for 1 person so half of the quilt cover was empty inside, making the quilt a bit funny to sleep with!The linen also had a slightly odd smell - I think the hotel should consider changinfg their washing powder to a nicer smelling one . The breakfast was definitely above avergae, specially in the UK, with many different breads, cereals, fruit salad, eggs, bacon, beans etc. The breakfast room is very comfortable and service very fast and polite. The garden looked nice, even though in winter season could not be used. The public areas in the hotel are spectacular and really give the guest a feeling of staying in a luxorious hotel! I would highly recommend the Royal Horseguards, if you can afford the rates.	
Mar 1 2007	Royal Horseguards only OK	We enjoyed our 9 night stay at this hotel. We wanted something central to the sights of London and didn't mind paying extra for it. We flew direct to London from Sydney, some 24 hours flying. We booked a room for the night before so we could check in straight away and get some sleep. Not a problem there. However, check in did take an awfully long time and I really wanted to hit the sack. We had made the booking through Qantas, yet they had trouble finding the booking. No matter. We got to the room eventually and found it was nicely furnished and on the large side for London hotels rooms, from experience. It was located on the inside of the building looking onto an internal airshaft, not the most pleasant of views. Moreover, a large ventilator shaft was located just outside our window. Looked like it came from the restaurant. It shudded with a start at 6am (it was our alarm clock) and turned off at midnight and hummed away for the rest of the day. I can live with it, and we did. One thing I couldn't live with was the soft lumpy bed. Thistle people, please place better beds in your rooms! You are injuring your guests backs! One other thing I didn't like was the fact that very little daylight came into the room which meant we had lamps and/or overhead lights on all the time we were in the room. I mentioned to my partner that the gloom made me feel a little depressed after a while. I was told to get over it. Nevertheless, breakfast was good and the service was good, although it was non existent in the lobby lounge on occasions. I noticed the rack rate (which I know hardly anyone pays) was 265 pounds per night! glad we didn't pay anything like that. This equated to 665 A$ per night, eek! Expensive what!. We paid something like 165 pounds so overall it wasn't a bad deal. Would I stay here again? Probably not.	
Mar 1 2007 	not what we expected	After reading all the hype about this hotel, we really expected something special.It is stunning from outside, but once inside, things start to take a downwards turn. When checking in, an upgrade was offered for another £30, ( in other hotels upragrades are free),having booked an executive room we were told the room overlooked the river, but it did not. The room had paint peeling from the skirting boards, and the bathroom tiles had not been cleaned.We did however think the breakfast was the best ever,being buffet style, with a good selection of both continental and full english.This is one hotel we would not recommend if you are looking for 4 star , and want to feel you have had value for money.	
Feb 27 2007	nothing a few million wouldn't cure	The hotel is in a perfect location for London, both sightseeing- right by Westminster, views over Thames to Eye etc &amp; shopping- walking distance of Covent Garden &amp; Regent St. The Lobby looks fab with fresh flower displays &amp; helpful staff. However, the rooms need serious updating, they are worn with old fashioned fixtures, and dreary bathrooms. They do, however, have high ceilings &amp; are reasonably big for a city, if Thistle could stump up a few million on a refurb, it could be really fantastic. Breakfast was standard chain hotel fare, but if you can get a good deal on room rate, including breakfast, its fine.	
Feb 26 2007	Good riverside location	We used this hotel as a base for a visit to the opera at Covent Garden (just a 15 minute walk away).Our room was ready at 10 am when we arrived so we were able to drop our bags before hitting the shops.We had booked a &quot;deluxe&quot; room with a river view. The room was fairly small, but had everything we needed even though there were no &quot;deluxe&quot; extras such as slippers or dressing gowns. There was a good view of the Thames and the London Eye, but would suggest you go for a high a floor as possible as our first floor room was still at tree level.Breakfast was OK with all the standard buffet items (apart from black pudding!).	
Feb 25 2007	Wonderful hotel! Always a pleasure	I have stayed in the Royal Horseguards Thistle on a number of occasions, as I often have business in Whitehall. I have never been disappointed by the standard of service or the quality of the hotel.Most recently I stayed at the hotel just before Christmas, when I had some business in London and decided to combine it with a shopping/theatre trip for myself and my mother. Once again, I cannot fault this hotel.Even though our room was just one of their standard rooms, it was large and extremely comfortable. The food that we had in the hotel was absolutely delicious (the coffee shop downstairs does the most wonderful lunch) and the doorman is always ready to hail a taxi for you when required.We got stranded in London because of the poor weather and the staff could not have been more helpful. They arranged for us to extend our stay and helped us to book train tickets to get us back to Scotland. The service was well above and beyond.I always recommend this hotel to friends and family and I haven't had any bad feedback yet.Gorgeous hotel. Well worth the little bit extra to avoid being stuck in a standard London 4-star flea-pit.	
Feb 17 2007	Negotiating the Horseguards	This was our eighth trip to London in thirty some years and the most pricey due to pound being $1.96. We have stayed in a variety of hotels,( bath down the hall to four star variety) but this time booked a Northwest Air package that still seems good value. We paid something over $200 for our room with breakfast, as part of the 8 day package. When we arrived at the hotel on a Wednesday morning about noon, we were told we could upgrade to an executive room for 30 pounds more per night ($60 U.S.). I countered with 15 pounds extra, he said 25, and we settled at 20 pounds extra. ( $40). For the extra we got a very quiet, pleasant , sunny room with inexcessible, but pretty, balcony at the front of the hotel, on the 7th floor. The bathroom was marble, with newish shower, heated towel rack ( great for drying clothes!), robes, and a lighted make up mirror. This very pretty room was 10 x 14feet, with 12 foot ceiling - room for one chair, but good storage, plus a marble floored entrance area with smallish closet, coffee area. Service was both very good ( housekeeping, my honey's c-pap machine was provided a transformer, and long cord as there were no plugs next to the bed..., concierge good) and sort of mixed. There was one robe in the room at check in and another was brought fairly quickly. The desk phone had an old cord and cut off service twice, but they credited me for those calls. I thot it was very wierd for a four star hotel that the sheets and duvets are only changed Mon, Wed, and Friday.... I asked Housekeeping specifically and they seemed a bit embarassed by this admission. ( there were no &quot;save the environment&quot; cards to make a choice) The front desk seemed defensive, as if they had fielded a number of complaints and seemed relieved when we said on last day that we had had a good stay.The breakfast was very decent.... lots of fresh fruit, good coffee, At present prices, it is worthwhile to have it included. Wait service seemed untrained ( most likely did not speak English well), but more than willing to grant requests. We had the Time Out restaurant guide( get on Amazon), so used that wonderfully for lunches/dinners at restaurants, of which there are many close by and in West End. The location cannot be beat for theatres, museums, tube. Frankly, I think this is a bit of a tour hotel.... but for the right room at the right price, it works. Note: a cab from Victoria will cost one close to $20 U.S.	
Feb 13 2007 	Good location but wouldn't recommend it	The location of this hotel is fantastic. Our room had good views of the London Eye and the Thames. However for a 4 Star hotel I was very surprised at the quality of the room. The bed was shocking, extremely uncomfortable and even had a couple of (presumably broken) springs poking throught the mattress and the duvet cover did not look particularly clean. The rest of the room was tired looking and draughty and there was clearly a damp problem judging by the amount of wallpaper hanging off. The bathroom was on the grubby side, but functional. Having read comments about non-smoking rooms we had phoned the hotel direct on the morning of our arrival date to request a non-smoking room and on arrival guess what... it was a smoking room! But did not smell very strongly so we stuck with it. Breakfast was good, as was the location, but I'm sure there are better hotels in the vicinity - I wouldn't recommend it!	
Feb 12 2007 	Great experience - would stay here again	We booked this as part of a vacation package through American Airlines. We arrived around 9AM after the overnight flight into Heathrow. They had a room waiting but we decided to do the optional upgrade, so we had to wait a few hours. We still checked-in before the regular check-in time.The room was a decent size, especially for London. With a queen bed there was still room for a small table with two chairs and a larger arm chair. The bathroom was clean but a bit drafty. However, we found that it got toasty warm if you left the heated towel rack on for a while before showering. The best thing about this stay was the concierge service. One in particular - (I think his name was Nabib) - went well beyond his job requirements to serve us. He made reservations for us at a restaurant, which the restaurant screwed up by trying to charge us $180 for a show. They ended up calling the hotel and Nabib straightened everything out - including getting us into the show for free. Another concierge argued with a taxi company after our scheduled cab did not come to take us to Waterloo for a very early train to Paris. At 4:45AM he went out to chase down a taxi in Trafalgar Square. These are just two examples of the quality service we received.Breakfast was OK. It was included or we would not have paid for it.The workout room was very small and only had a few cardio machines. The room was stocked with chilled bottled water and towels (both free of charge) and had a tv. It was a great alternative to running along the Thames in unusually cold weather for that time of year.If we could afford it (this stay was a special treat) we would always stay at this location.	
Feb 11 2007	Great Location and View	I have stayed here many times and this time with the family (2 rooms) for my 50th birthday. Lovely public rooms. We had one deluxe double (ok) and one Executive room (very good). We requested an extra bed for my daughter (£25.50 per night extra). The Exec room was great- spacious, power shower as well as bath and easy chairs with plenty of room despite the extra bed. Breakfast very good- take a deal with breakfast. Weekend rates good- weekday can be a bit pricey. Have had deals in other London hotels- the Waldorf Hilton and Copthorne Tara. Waldorf on a special offer is very good for location, room and breakfast but the Royal Horseguards is lovely as it is right on the embankment and good value on a weekend rate	
Feb 8 2007	Excellent stay	I stayed in this hotel for one night on 6th February 2007. This is the third time I have stayed there. The first time I must admit I was really disappointed as my room was a very small single room. On the second and most recent occasions I was allocated large, spacious rooms with which I had no complaint. On the most recent occasion I had a first floor room with a river view and looked directly at the London Eye. I could not have asked for a better view. The room was equipped with everything I needed. It was spotlessly clean and there were good supplies of tea, coffee, biscuits, towels and toiletries. In comparison with some modern hotels where the walls are paper thin, this is a lovely old building which means that I have never been bothered with noise from other rooms or from other guests in the corridors. The staff are helpful and attentive. The location of this hotel is perfect. The Houses of Parliament are a 5 minute walk away and Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden are around 10 minutes walk away. While I did not take breakfast on my most recent stay, I would agree with other reviewers who said that the breakfast is worth getting up for. All in all this is a lovely hotel which I thoroughly enjoy staying at. While it is not the cheapest hotel around, it certainly is worth the money. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to other travellers.	
Feb 5 2007	Very Satisfied with the Royal Horseguards	My husband and I spent 10 nights here over the Christmas season. We were quite pleased with the service and thrilled with the location. We walked almost everywhere we needed to go and the times we didn't walk, we were able to catch the underground right around the corner. We did upgrade on check in, paying the 40 pounds/night. But, what a view! There was a balcony outside our room from which we watched the fireworks over the London Eye. I don't believe there could have been a better view in all of London. It was perfect. The draperies were beautiful. The room did have the two double beds. It was recommended to us that we push them together to achieve the effect of a king sized bed. Of course, that did not work. Otherwise, the only criticism I would offer was the tiny toiletries and limited towels. These were both just barely sufficient. I would still highly rate this establishment. Some of these little irritations are just the difference between the American and European/British hospitality industries. And the staff at the Royal Horseguards was very helpful and informative.	
Feb 5 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards as part of a special theatre break for a birthday and it didn't disappoint. The hotel is in a fantastic central location right in the heart of London. The building is stunning, with wonderful public areas and beautiful spacious rooms with traditional ambience and modern conveniences. My family had two interconnecting double rooms and they were joined by a lovely marble floored corridor so nice and private. The rooms had lovely big comfy beds and everything you could want in a hotel room with spacious well equiped bathrooms. Everything was spotlessly clean and the housekeeping was excellent. The rooms looked over the historic Whitehall Place which, as it was the weeked, was quiet as a mouse - so no disturbances there. We were not disturbed by any other noise either - unusual in a hotel where you often get other doors banging. It felt very private and cosy.We found the staff friendly, polite and happy to help. The restaurant at 1-21-2 served lovely food with silver service, but was quite pricey as was the bar bill (£9 for a glass of wine!), but I expect not so bad for a hotel of this quality. (2 course set meal here was £20 which was good value). The staff are very attentive. Cheaper places to eat and drink are within a stones throw as the hotel is so centrally located right by the West End, Covent Garden etc. The breakfast at the hotel was fantastic with a wonderful choice and everything fresh and plentiful and again the service was exceptional. Probably one of the best (if not the best) hotel breakfast I have ever had. I would definately recommend this hotel for a weekend break in London or any other special occasion.	
Feb 1 2007 	Most uncomfortable bed :(	My wife and i stayed in the Horseguards in April 06.I can only rate my experience in this hotel as average, and the main reason is the tiny double bed in our room was dreadfully uncomfortable. It was no more than a 4 foot, and the worst mattress ever!!.., on top of that the room was very small..now maybe we just were unlucky in our room choice, but......But anyways, apart from that, the location is really excellent, the London Eye was directly across the Thames, and was lovely to wake up to in the morning. The hotel is very close to the Underground, and it is a very authentic London looking hotel. My strong recommendation is to ensure your bed and room is up to scratch, otherwise you will have a most uncomfortable nites sleep!...	
Jan 26 2007	Great Location otherwise not up to hype	Stayed there Dec. 24 and Dec. 25 (Christmas) 2006. Great location but facilities do not come close to the hotel web site pictures. We drove to the hotel which was not a great idea as it has no facilities to park your car for checkin! (I guess everyone comes in via cab).Reading these reviews scared us enough that we automatically upgraded for 40 pounds on check in(higher price upgrade since it was over a holiday I guess). The resulting room was small, extremely dry, with fan noise so loud I kept waking up thinking that the morning traffic had started outside. The tub was so narrow that I had to stand sideways to take a shower. I shudder to think what you would get without the upgrade. Breakfast was 36 dollars per person. It was good, not great.An afternoon Christmas day brunch was over 200 dollars per person (we did not do this). We only saw 1-2 restaurants open on Christmas day (and they were all very crowded). The tube and virtually all buses do not operate on Christmas, they do operate Dec. 24 with almost full schedule, and an abbreviated schedule starting at 8:20 on Dec. 26. We took the tube from the nearby Embankment stop to Heathrow Dec. 26 morning. It was $8 per person and took 1 hour. A cab/personal hire car would have taken 1 hour and cost $190 (double price since it is Boxing day).	
Jan 16 2007 	The Decline of Thistles	I last stayed at this hotel some seven or eight years ago. It is a comfortable and solid establishment - so solid that you can't get mobile phone signals inside most of the rooms! My room was clean and spacious but the whole place is beginning to feel a little shabby and under-managed. My partner and I asked for a second bathrobe and ended up with a second bathmat, for example, as a result of communication problems between the front desk and housekeeping. Now admittedly, it is rare to find a native English speaker anywhere on the staff of a London hotel these days but that is not something that should happen in a well-run establishment. More to the point, I have found myself in a number of Thistle hotels recently and identified a sense of physical running down about them. It is as if the chain has decided to concentrate on short-term profit by cutting refurbishment and maintenance costs rather than sustaining the brand equity, which is, of course, far more valuable. Here, for example, the room carpets were clean but had the odd stain, the drapes looked tired, the bath and handbasin outlets didn't work properly and the shower controls needed adjustment. None of this is rocket science but they do demand a management that is prepared both to identify these problems and to do something about them. I am getting increasingly suspicious of Thistles - don't they ever read what people are writing about them?	
Jan 14 2007 	Excellent hotel	I booked my stay at this hotel Via Londontown.com which i would definetly recommend as i managed to get it for a very good price. We booked two rooms and i emailed the hotel to ask whether it would be possible to have views over the River Thames and they allocated me two rooms both with amazing views over the river. One room was slightly smaller than the other even though the same price was paid but both rooms were immaculate and extremely comfortable. The breakfast provided was also very good. The staff were friendly and i would definetly recommend the hotel to anyone and shall be returning myself.	
Dec 21 2006 	seasoned traveler...great location hotel only ok.	I've stayed in some amazing hotels and some hole in the walls...this one was just ok. Not great, not terrible. After reading the reviews I wasn't sure if i should cancel the reservation. The reviews were right on the money.. if you are looking for the best location in London, this is it. The staff is friendly. The linens were nice. Heated towel bar in the bathroom is nice plus and the water pressure in the shower is excellent. Room was warm &amp; quiet, although paint was peeling from one wall. Beds were REALLY UNcomfortable. It felt like I was sleeping on the box spring. Disgusting greasy stains on the headboard was a serious turnoff. Uck..still turns my stomach. I've included a picture which looks really nice but the entire headboard was stained from other guests heads leaning on the fabric. The pillows conceal it well. If you can look past this and the price of the room, you will be quite happy at Horseguards. I do have to admit the entire time I was there I was thinking that I could stay at the Four Seasons in the US for the same price and be so much more comfortable. Good luck!	
Dec 14 2006 	Lovely hotel with perfect location	It was a dream come true to stay at the Royal Horseguards Hotel, yes it has been a dream for about 30 years! And now I finally was going to spend a weekend there. And I din´t get dissappointed in any way. We got a really warm welcome at the reception when arriving at the hotel. We had booked a Deluxe room with river view and this I really can recomend. It was a beautiful room with a great view ower the Thames, The London eye and the city of London. Even from the marble bathroom we had a wonderful view through the whole glassed balcony door. The room was lovely furnitured and the colours where warm and nice (red, gold and yellow). The room was so fresch and clean and the beds very nice. It was a great room and rather big.Having read some complains about the breakfast we were prepered for the worth but now we wonder if we have stayed at the same hotel as thoose who complained ? Yes, we had to wait a short while for a table on the sunday morning but only for about 5 minutes, during that time we sat in a comfortable chairs reading the newspaper. We dont´t think 5 minutes is a long waiting, and the hotel was fully booked. The breakfast room was so calm and nicly furnitured. The buffé had all that we wanted and the staff were friendly and helpfull.The location of the hotel is the best I´ve ever had in London. It was close to almost everything on booth sides of the river Thames. The Royal Horseguards Hotel is a hotel that I really can reccomend !	
Dec 12 2006 	Location Location Location!	I'm rating this hotel above average for the price because of...location! A couple of blocks from Trafalgar Square, maybe 4 from Big Ben and Parliament, 1/2 block to Embankment Station, perfect. We checked in early but were able to leave our bags with the concierge which was very convenient. I had booked online and printed out everything for reference. When checking in we could have upgraded and gotten the robes already promised online for 30 pounds a night more, and a view of the Thames for 40 pounds a night more. Made a comment that I had expected a view when staying for 4 nights instead of a short weekend but got a blank look so let it go. Got a 9th floor room with a rooftop view that was quite lovely though. Really no complaints on the room except for the mold on the grout in the shower. Certainly not expected at this price. Also, bathroom was configured with the toilet tucked in the corner so you had to be careful not to touch the hot towel rack. Bed was great. We didn't do the breakfast offered at a premium but bought pastries each night for the following morning at one of the shops in the area and were quite happy with that and tea made in the room. Housekeeping was very discreet except for a bell the first morning to see if we had used anything from the minibar. Again, the location is great for walking to most of the tourist places if you like to walk and very convenient to the tube. Will stay there again.	
Dec 7 2006 	Great Location with some problems	Hotel in a great location with friendly staff BUT I asked for a non-smoking room and had to be moved when I didnt recieve one. To be fair to the hotel we did check in at 11.30 and they gave us the room right away BUT moved us later to the smallest room in the hotel, the bathroom was so tiny I could not stand upright in the shower.Breakfast on Sunday morning was a shambles, I have never had to wait 30mins to be seated at any hotel especially for a buffet breakfast.Overall the hotel is inexpensive for London and the location out weights all the other problems we experienced. I would visit again.	
Dec 6 2006 	I loved this hotel!	After reading the reviews below, was a tiny bit apprehensive about my stay - but I always prefer to make up my own mind and I'm really glad I gave it a try.This is probably the best hotel I have stayed at in London in terms of the room I got.I didn't ask for an upgrade, or get offered one, but I found myself in a fabulous, massive room, with views over the River Thames, and the London Eye, right outside my window, up on the 8th floor.Room was huge with a sofa and chair as well as the huge bed, and the bathroom wqas immaculate too.The best bit was the windows though - they were bay style so I had views of the full length of the Embankment, all the way to big ben, and the front window was deep enough that I could sit up there just watching everything go by.The staff weren't overly friendly or even overly competent, but that is par for the course in London Hotels, and it is the room that I go for every time.Highly recommended, especially at weekend when it is less busy!	
Nov 28 2006 	We hadn't ordered the water bed!	We booked two nights at the 4/5-star Royal Horseguards Hotel in London a week or so ago, over the weekend.We phoned ahead to let them know that we would not be able to check in till about 9pm. Lisa for Thistle Hotel Group said that was no problem, just turn up and our room would be waiting.So we turned up dead on 9pm to be told the hotel was full. They acknowledged that we had phoned ahead. Reception went into a clearly conspiratorial huddle and came up with a room - 812. We were told that it was very near the elevator ( which in fact it certainly proved not to be). &quot;It is a very good room, sir.&quot;.Must say we were very wary, as clearly there was some sort of secret agenda but we decided to look at it. It was by no means the best room we had stayed in at this hotel - particularly because it had absolutely no view other than of a brick wall - but it seemed reasonably large and well appointed , if a little tired. Everything seemed in place. A good first nights sleep was had though there was the a clear smell of stale damp. Not in the bed linen but in the walls. What we took to be old damp patches above the bed in the ceiling.Breakfast was a nightmare. They wers so busy that the queue we counted, at between twenty to thirty souls. We were offered alternative breakfast some distance away in a reception room where everything had either to be brought to us or collected by us.The second night we were wakened about 4am by a gushing of water directly on to the bed. We moved inland but the water seemed to follow us until the rain outside stopped and the gush became a slow drip feed - the sound of Chinese water torture.What to do? We were very tired, we tried to sleep through it - no such luck. My partners book was absolutely sodden, so reading was not really an option. Went down early to breakfast after which I complained to the Guest Relations Manager called Sarah Wheeler. She appeared shocked despite the fact that clearly we had been given a room that was not meant to be offered to guests (I guess, unless the weather is dry and then as a last resort). We were extremely pleasant despite feeling very annoyed about our treatment.You may ask what recompense we have been offered for this bad experience - perhaps a free stay at the hotel on another occasion or maybe at least our money back? Nope, we got exactly £12.99 recompense for the sodden book (to the penny, ie 99p in coins - not even the extra penny to take it to a clean £13) and ultimately an offer of an upgrade to a junior suite if we ever return to the hotel - within the next 6 months.How crass and pathetic are these people? Do they think because we were so polite and didn't shout the odds that we are some sort of idiots happy to be offered a patronising sorry and gratitude that we &quot;brought the matter to their attention&quot;.Are there others out there who share my intense annoyance at the way these large hotel chains treat their customers with such disdain and arrogance? We have told them what they can do with their offer of an upgrade. As they know well, we have stayed many times before at this hotel - do you think that was a factor in their derisory offer of recompense?So now we await the outcome of our refusal to accept their offer. If we get no satisfaction, we shall clearly take the matter further. We are so disillusioned and remain pessimistic that they will show some nous at this late stage and make us a decent offer, so that we regain some respect for a hotel that until now was one of our favourites..	
Nov 17 2006 	Overrated!	Not the best to be honest. We stayed one night in a deluxe room with a view towards a boarded up building awaiting refurbishment. That was not a problem, as we were only staying one night but despite that, and access to the road itself being restricted because of the State Opening of Parliament, the room was still very noisy in the night. The locked balcony door was draughty and obviously allows in noise (and cold in winter too, I imagine).Added to that, the room was very small and the bed quite hard with the springs very noticeable. Décor was ‘functional’ so OK, but there were dirty marks on the walls and peeling paint and dirt around the bath panels. At £200 per night I do expect better.One big let down for me was the rather unhelpful staff. I am not too good on my feet and as we were only staying one night I used a normal room . . . Which is fortunate because I don’t think they have any ‘disabled’ rooms. They certainly don’t appear to have accessible lifts to the rooms as there are 5 steps up to them from the foyer. Even so, can walk will walk, is my motto. I have to say though, even I thought the sight of myself and the wife struggling with our luggage and a walker up the steps may have prompted offers of help from staff but alas, no. No-one even came close. Disappointing. In New York we would have bell-hops swarming all over us!‘Continental’ breakfast for two was offered in the room at a rate of £42. We made do with the complimentary coffee and biscuits!Parking is a nightmare as you may expect. Congestion charges are a pain in the backside too, but that is London for you. One wonders why this country gets ever more London-centric as the years go by. . .Oh yes, by way of a bit of balance, the building itself is impressive, the pianist was good and the location was central to everything!!!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Location was good	Location was great, near tube, London Eye. Room was small, one of us had to sit down so the other could get around, they charged for the internet $30 a day. Ours did not even work. Very disappointed. We paid $354 a night which is to high for what we received. I know London is expensive but there has got to be a better hotel. Staff were not friendly! Would not stay again.	
Nov 14 2006 	Slept in better slept in worse	I emailed the hotel, asking them to confirm whether the room I had booked would be non-smoking, and received a reply confirming it was.On arrival at the hotel, I was offered a smoking room (which stank) because all the non-smoking rooms were full. I explained twice that I had an email from Thistle, confirming I had booked a non-smoking room, and was told by the staff on reception that they “never guarantee” a non-smoking room. Stupidly, I hadn’t got a copy of the email with me. I said I would be checking out immediately. As if by magic, suddenly a non-smoking room was found. The room was large and okay, bathroom nice enough. The pillows were rather nice. The double bed was one of those two-single-beds-pushed together things, but was long enough for me not to have my feet poking out of the end, which is what I usually find in hotels.In the morning, the maid tried to kick the door down twice before breakfast – why not wait until I’d checked out?Apart from that, my stay was okay – but next time I’ll slum it in a three star at half the price.Disappointing.	
Oct 9 2006	fantastic location	We booked this as a &quot;girly&quot; weekend treat and wasnt dissapointed. The rooms were of a fabulous standard... very decadant. The standard throughout was above average from checking in to left luggage, everyone was very pleasant and happy to help.The bathroom was very clean with fab toiletries, flannels and super soft towels...The beds were nice and soft with duvets instead of sheets and throws. Our room had its own air conditioning unit as well. We were just a minute away from the tube and the london eye and only a 15 minute walk from covent garden. I would reccomend this hotel with out doubt	
Oct 8 2006 	Lovely hotel and superb location	We stayed a night at the Royal Horseguards this weekend and would thoroughly recommend the hotel.The location is fantastic - 5 minutes walk from Charing Cross Station, and in a very quiet street off the Mall. We went up for the West End theatres, and the hotel was so easy for getting out and about. Perfect location.The staff were very friendly, and helpful. Check in was quick and easy, and our advance request for a room with an early occupancy had been arranged. We asked for a non-smoking room and got a non-smoking room.The deluxe room we had was huge, and the sizeable bathroom had both a nice shower and a bath, with a good range of toiletries. The bedroom and bathroom were both well decorated and very clean, and the bed was lovely - nice fluffy pillows! We also had a good range of refreshments in the room too. Everything worked perfectly. The rest of the hotel was also in very good condition, and tastefully decorated.We had to wait about about 10 minutes to get into the restaurant for breakfast, but what's 10 minutes? Not a problem at all. The full English was tasty with plenty to eat, and the staff were attentive.On check out they looked after out luggage whilst we wandered around London for a few hours, and didn't charge for doing this! I've never been anywhere else where we've not had to pay. Of course we gave a tip.I'd thoroughly recommend this hotel to anybody, and we will definitely be going again.	
Sep 28 2006	Location is the Greatest	This large refurbished, picturesque hotel is opposite the popular Embankment tube and Charing Cross railway station. It's a short walk to St. James Park, Big Ben, Parliament and Trafalgar Sq. You can even walk to Picadilly Sq. and the theatres. In fact, there's one live theatre featuring a motown &quot;review&quot; show that's next to the Embankment station.The hotel is adjacent to the Thames (and its busy roadway) and across the street from the Ministry of Defense (where Churchill worked) and another 8 story old hotel that is waiting to be refurbished. On weekends, it's very quiet in its neighborhood when the surrounding government buildings are closed, yet it's so easy and safe to get around. We love its location and will return there for future London visits. We stayed on two occasions in Sep '06 and found the &quot;best rate&quot; rooms via the web to be small - but clean and adequate with modern bath facilities. Cheaper rooms either face the street or interior air/light &quot;columns&quot;. Some people hate this, but the room rates are cheaper and these rooms are very quiet! If you want a view of the Thames out your window, you'll have to pay more if you think it's worth it. We were never in our room.	
Sep 24 2006	Excellent Hotel Very Nice People	I just want to say that my husband and I stayed here 2 months ago and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We prefer to stay in nice hotels, and this was definately one of those for a great price. The conceirge was very accomodating and nice. The rooms were good size, bigger than i expected. The bed was an American Queen, which i guess is OK, but my hubby and I are use to a King. WE didn't get that till we stayed in a 5 star in Paris. But, the room was very clean, 2 steps to the &quot;tube (subway)&quot;, location was on the water, great view, we definately enjoyed our stay! We would definately stay there again.	
Sep 17 2006 	In the heart of it all.	Great hotel location, eye to eye with the Eye. You can walk to everything from here. Older rooms, crazy London room rates.	
Sep 10 2006 	satisfied customer	After considering previous reviews as well as price on tripadvisor, I decided on this hotel. As noted, they offered the upgrade at check in. With the upgrade we had a room on the 8th floor overlooking the Thames. It was unseasonably warm and it was nice to open the window. The room was fair in size but only one chair for sitting other than a desk chair. The bathroom was large and comfortable. My only complaint was that a tour that was booked had to be cancelled, when the agency called the hotel before we had checked in to leave a message, the operator did not note a record of our reservation, that led us to an unnecessary trip to the tour location. I realize that to a certain degree the room you are given is a toss up, however, the location is outstanding in regard to transportation and easy walking distance in the west -end. If in London again, I would consider booking at this hotel - DB Chicago IL	
Aug 24 2006 	Good London Hotel	I’m not sure whether some previous reviewers have been unlucky or have stayed at a different hotel as I have just returned from this hotel and cannot find any fault whatsoever.It must be remembered that this is a London hotel and therefore it follows that it will be expensive. The other point to note is that it is a very old historical building and therefore the hotel has been made to fit the building. All the rooms will be different and it may be potluck as to which room you receive. We had two rooms and both were spacious, well maintained and very well appointed.The staff were all very pleasant and helpful. I did notice that a few people were being very obnoxious and loud at reception and they were dealt with in a professional and courteous way. I believe that if you treat people with respect then they tend to look after you and treat you they same way. We were given free upgraded rooms when we explained that it was one of our parties birthday. It is little touches like that that make hotel stays special.I am not sure about previous comments regarding the breakfast not being fresh as the food was constantly being replenished. We arrived 20mins before the end of breakfast and food was still being brought out well after the stated finish time. If you asked for anything different to the breakfast buffet they were happy to provide it.Location wise the hotel is excellent, in the centre of London yet away from the crowds. It is 5 mins to Trafalgar square on foot and directly opposite the London Eye. Harrods will take you 10 mins in a taxi and the nearest underground station 2 mins walk. Perfect for a short break to see the sights.	
Aug 20 2006 	great location good hotel	We stayed here becuase our agent booked us. We read some of the bad reveiws and had second thouhts about staying. Glad we did. will be back a second time when we can both get away again. This hotel is centrally located. The tube, rail and bus lines are a short walk. So is Waterloo station.	
Aug 15 2006	Avoid this hotel!	This was my 50th birthday vacation/present to myself and I chose this hotel because it is supposed to be one of Thistle’s nicest and it is centrally located. Although the price you get online looks appealing it is a bit misleading since the dollar is worth only about 50 cents in England, so our price of 180 per night plus vat equals about $400, and for that you would think you would get more than the run down tiny room like the one we got. At first when we checked in we asked for a quiet room and after being assured it was, we were led to a room in the bowels of the hotel, which actually would have been extremely quiet except for the growl of the massive air conditioning unit right outside of our window that serviced the entire hotel. So we called down and were told that they had no room to change us to but if we waited a few hours we could switch rooms. So we walked around London and finally we were moved to another room. This one faced the noisy street, and was very small and worn. In fact, the padded armchair that was crammed into the room had wood coming through the arms where the material was torn and the cotton was sticking out. However at this point, since we had waited hours to switch rooms and we were dead tired after flying for 14 hours and walking around for 3 hours so we just took it. The mattress was very Motel 6 and the pillows are small and hard. They only gave us 2 towels and one hand towel and there was no wash cloth in the bathroom. I ended up taking 2 from the restroom in the lobby of the hotel (where they had a basket overflowing with clean washcloths) to put in my room. The remote control didn't work and it is very irritating to be expected to tip someone to bring you something for your room when it is something you should never have had to order. Since we were only scheduled to stay 2 nights, because we were catching a cruise ship in Southampton, so we just decided to grin and bare it. The breakfast that is included in your room rate is over at 10 am but don’t get there at 9:15 because you will have to wait for a table and they stop refreshing the food stations about then so whatever is left over is what you get. We ordered toast when we sat down and got it (cold) just as we were finished.About 4pm, on the second day, I had just gotten out of the shower and the hotel channel was on and I just happened to glance at it and read that the following morning, all of the roads in and out of the hotel were going to be closed (due to a marathon or something) until late in the afternoon. We knew that we had to be at Victoria Station at noon because we had to get to Southampton or risk missing our ship. We immediately called down to the front desk and they confirmed that, &quot;yes all the roads will be blocked and we will be unable to get a taxi until late in the day&quot;. I asked how we were supposed to get to Victoria station and they said we could walk there or take the tube. I said I have luggage for a week long cruise and it would be virtually impossible to haul all of our stuff there or load it onto public transportation, but they had no answer for me. We asked if Thistle had a hotel close to Victoria Station and they said yes so we said we want to transfer there now so that we aren't trapped tomorrow so they said they would call over and get us a room. My husband said to give us 15 minutes to get ready so I could get dressed and so we could throw all of our belongings back in our suitcases to make the move. About 2 minutes later they knocked on our door to take us down. He answered and said he had asked to be given 15 minutes so they just left the rolling cart and left. We put all of our stuff on the cart and managed to get it in the elevator (tiny) and went downstairs. The doorman called a taxi and loaded out stuff in it while we went to the process of checking out. At this point we were harried and I was just out of the shower and had no time to dry my hair or put on makeup but just wanted to get into my new room and pull myself together. We were paying our bill and the desk clerk said that, normally after 5 you are charged for the whole day but to be nice they would only charge us for half the day. Of course we agreed that we would pay for the one night that we stayed there but since the way out was going to be blocked through no fault of our own and we should not pay for an extra day. We were flabbergasted that they charged us for the room! We would have no way to the station the next day and they wanted to charge us for the room! We asked to speak to the manager and a man named Michael came out and asked what the problem was. We noticed that his name badge said head concierge and we asked to speak to the manager, he claimed he was in charge of the entire hotel and we were to speak to him. We told him the problem and he said that we would have been able to get a taxi tomorrow. We told him that's not what the TV and all the other employees have said and he said that he would have been able to arrange transportation. He said it was really not the hotels responsibility to inform us that the roads would be closed and they just did so as a courtesy. At this point, we have a reservation at the Thistle Victoria Station, all of our luggage is in the taxi with the meter running, and he is saying that we should just believe that he would be able to get us a taxi and we are going to have to pay for the room. He said he was going to charge us $100 for it. We had no choice but to pay for it. We got in the taxi and went to the next hotel because we did not want to rely on this one mans word and possibly miss our cruise ship. When we told the desk clerk at the Thistle Victoria Station she was so apologetic and kind and, after consulting with her manager, gave us a better rate at her hotel to try and make us feel better. Talk about a difference in customer service! We walked into Thistle Victoria Station as mad a hornets and by the time we left the front desk I wanted to hug the desk clerk. She said the very least the other hotel could have done was pay for our taxi cab over. What a difference. If you want to stay at a Thistle, the Victoria station one is so much better. The rooms, the breakfast, the friendliness of the hotel, everything is better there. (we even got a couple of wash cloths in our bathroom)	
Aug 8 2006 	Room with a view.	I had booked this room for my husbands birthday through Lastminute. At £99 for one nights B&amp;B I thought this was a steal. The room I booked was Deluxe, I e-mailed the hotel, to say that it was my husbands birthday, and as he had moved up from London, I would appreciate a room with a view. It took 2 e-mails to get a reply, but they said they would see what they could do.We arrived at around 2pm. The reception area is huge, with wonderful flower displays, sofas and tourist information leaflets by the concierge. The receptionist however, had no record of my e-mail with reservations, and wanted to charge £25 for an upgrade. As a previous poster has stated, it is duly advertised at check-in. I believe that if you book on their website there is a section for &quot;rooms with thames view&quot; which are more expensive than normal rooms. This said, I stood my ground and showed reception a copy of the e-mail. The receptionist was then able to find a room on the 8th floor facing the thames (room 813), but it was a smoking room.The lifts are a couple of steps up from reception, but no-one offered to help with our luggage. The room we had was an executive with views of the Thames (see pictures), whilst the room was fairly small, it was adequate for our needs. What made the room nice was that there was a raised area which had seating overlooking the window through which you could see london in its full glory. The room didn't smell of smoke, so we were lucky. The room had signs of wear on the seating - it is obviously a good place to sit! The rest of the room was OK. The bed was disappointing in that you could feel the springs through the bed protection and the bed was somewhat too spring for my liking! There was plenty of tea and coffee, two hairdryers (one in the room and one in the bathroom). The bathroom was OK, some signs of wear and tear on the fittings, but a full size bath and nice toiletries.The downside was that even though we had been upgraded, there was no &quot;fluffy towelling robes, slippers and free newspaper&quot; which the hotel said it provided. So I rang housekeeping to sort out, which they did within 1/2 hour.I guess the views become more obscured the further down you are from floor 8 - I reckon anything below 5th floor will have an obscured view because of the trees in front of the rooms.I didn't eat here in the evening so cannot comment on the food, but there was a pianist playing just outside the restaurant, which sounded just lovely.The air conditioning was brilliant in our room - you could set the aircon as high or low as you wanted. There was some noise from outside which you could here during the night, but that is to be expected as the front of the hotel overlooks a busy London Road (rooms without the view probably have less traffic noise).Breakfast was wonderful, the waiters were friendly and ensured I had the poached eggs I requested without any fuss. The breakfast was buffet style, except tea, coffee and toast which were brought to your table. There was plenty of choice of foods, and the quality was excellent. There were also complementary newspapers on the table outside the restaurant.We got a call from someone at 10am asking when we were checking out. We told them of our check out time and they said OK. Don't know what that was about!So all in all an OK stay. I think travellers should ensure they know which side of the hotel they are booked in, and decide whether it is worth the premium to &quot;upgrade&quot;. I would only do so if you are GUARANTEED a room with a spectacular view, otherwise you are paying a premium to look at a few trees.	
Aug 2 2006	Cool calm oasis during record-breaking heat	I can't figure out what hotel the 2 most recent writers were referring to. The Royal Horseguards I stayed at from July 23 - 30 had a beautiful marble lobby with mammoth vases of fresh flowers (attended to daily). Our room was not large, but certainly always clean. I saw nothing that looked &quot;shabby,&quot; but perhaps what to me is old-world charm would be &quot;shabby&quot; to someone else. The room looked recently refurbished and had a great view of rooftops of London (not of the Thames, but we paid about 129 pounds sterling per night). All staff were courteous and professional. Wait staff at breakfast were especially pleasant and it was a joy to sit outside in the shaded courtyard every morning and we had at least 20 different foods from which to choose daily.  I did see that one of the rooms on my floor had 2 large windows facing out onto a brick wall, so if someone was given that room, he/she might well have reason for complaint.My experience was fine. 2 negatives were: to walk anywhere we did have to go thru a very crowded area in/around Trafalgar Square, but that was a function of the fact that it was high season. The only fault of the hotel was a fire alarm which rang at 2 a.m., necessitating temporary evacuation and standing around for 30 - 60 minutes.	
Aug 1 2006 	Nice but be careful	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Royal Horseguards, 28 - 29 July. We booked a deluxe room inclusive of breakfast and so we were led to believe Air Conditioning.I also e mailed ahead to ask for a room with a view if possible.On checking in we were asked if for 25 pounds extra we would like to upgrade, why, when the description of the room on our booking confirmation was perfect.Our view from our bedroom window was of 3 walls which we could of quiet easily touched if it took our fancy.Pointless leaving the window open then to get a bit of air flow in the room. Never mind the air conditioning will soon cool down our sauna like bedroom.Ah sais the man at reception,when i informed him that this wasn`t working,your room is air cooled not air conditioned and the cool air is approx 30 degrees.Sorry but the hotel is full and we can`t move you until the morning.Bet 25 quid would of found another room!!When we returned to the hotel on Saturday afternoon we found that we had been moved to a very nice air conditioned room, although again the hotel was full and there are only 2 porters so please move your luggage yourself. No problem mate, anything to stop us melting in the night.Apart from this little set back it is a nice hotel in a great location with a fantastic breakfast.Perfect for that Winter break, unless of course you are prepared to pay an extra 25 pounds a night for something you have already paid for!!	
Jul 31 2006	Less bang More buck	Just OK. Clean enough, nice enough room, though rather small for a 'deluxe' room. NIce bathroom. The 'river view' of the the Thames was 75% obstructed by large trees growing outside the window. Value for the money was only fair. But the location is great - easy walking distance to so much, but not stuck in the zoo of Picadilly. Skip the very over-priced breakfast downstairs and save 65% by walking two blocks to the McDonalds near Trafalgar Square.	
Jul 26 2006 	Colorful Decor and a Superb Location	What a fantastic experience! My husband and I stayed here for four nights in July on the first leg of our honeymoon. We booked and paid for a regular room via Expedia, but sent them an email letting them know it was our honeymoon and we requested a view of the Thames. At check-in we were upgraded at no charge. The view of the Thames and London Eye was good, although obstructed just a bit by the trees. The room was large by European standards and was decorated in an old Victorian style. The colors in the room were warm and rich. Nicest decor I've seen at a hotel. The shower was had excellent water pressure (which can be tough to find in a hotel), but be careful. There is only a small glass panel to keep the spray in the shower and much water ends up on the tiled floor. Room service was great. One day they took our wet towels and did not replace them with new ones. Someone brought them up right away and the next day a supervisor even came to the door to check that we had received them when they had cleaned our room again. The concierge wasn't exactly brimming with personality and information. Do your homework ahead of time. The Embankment tube station is a block away which is so convenient. You can catch multiple lines there. There's even a 24 hour convenience store right by it as well in case you need anything from razors to a pastry. The location of the hotel is ideal. It's literally steps away from Big Ben and Pariliament and a few blocks from Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square (be sure to visit at night and during the day), and Buckingham Palace. Also, the Embankment Cafe is close to the tube stop and serves an excellent and cheap breakfast. You can eat outside and overlook the Thames. The breakfast at the hotel's restaurant is a super buffet, but pricely (12.50 Pounds with a coupon, without 22, I think). We ate there once to treat ourselves. The hash browns are out of this world. Every type of breakfast food, hot and cold, was available, but not really worth full price. For a tall and sweet dessert, try Garfunkel's restaurant. They have a ridiculously good brownie sundae. All in all, our experience here was very good. Without a doubt, we'll return on our next trip.	
Jul 18 2006	Bait and Switch	During my recent stay at The Royal Horseguards, on two upon arrival occasions I was told the room that I had prepaid would not be available until 5 hours later...howver, if I paid 25 pounds PER NIGHT, I would be upgraded to a room that was immedialtly available...There upgrase policy was prominantly posted at the check-in desk ( leaving me to believe this is a racket).On two occasions, the upgraded rooms did not even have wash clothes or bath robes.Be forewarned of this practice.	
Jun 28 2006	Very nice afternoon tea but...	The afternoon tea was a real treat, but there is not much more I can recommend about this hotel. I agree with the other reviews that state this hotel is rundown and shabby. Our &quot;upgraded&quot; room was small and not very nice. Service was spotty (some days the towels were picked up and other days they were not). Whenever you ask the concierge a question about local sites and attractions, they push a brochure in your face. They certainly weren't very helpful, knowledgeable or friendly.The hotel is in a great location. Within a short walk to many landmarks and the underground. It's very easy to get from this hotel to wherever you are going in London, but I'm going to stay somewhere else the next time I visit.	
Jun 17 2006	Convenient Location	Visited the Royal Horseguards from May 28-Jun4th 2006. My experience at the hotel would be best described as nuetral. There were several issues upon arrival which were fixed, but nonetheless frustrating since we were jet-lagged and just wanted to wind-down and relax.Negatives:1. We booked a junior suite through Expedia. When we got there, they tried to give us a double and insisted that is what we reserved even though I had paper in hand showing my reservation and resevration # booked MONTHS in advance.2. They eventually gave us a junior after photo copies and conversations back and forth with the manager and the desk clerk, but the Junior Suite was rather small and had a shower head that sprayed water everywhere. Also, the room was run down, had a terrible view and downright had a haunted and creepy feel to it.3. They gave us another room with a view of the Thames but the room was again, run down and the climate control was inoperable. We settled with this room since we were aggravated and just wanted to unpack and rest.4. The concierge (all of them) were unhelpful and referred to pamphlets from the &quot;things to do&quot; rack we could've read ourselves. 5. They kept playing the same spanish rumba music CD in the lobby and hallways over and over again for 7 days on the hour every hour. It got very annoying and was almost to the point of torture.6. The maids would re-make the room every day but sometimes would not leave fresh washcloths one day, or clean towels another. Service was very spotty.7. Breakfast - food was very good, but certain waitresses (2) had mental lapses and you would have to ask 3-5 times before they would bring extra tea, toast or water. Other waiters and waitresses picked up the slack but it was bothersome and sometimes took 20-30min to get your drink re-filled.Positives:1. Location - 1 block from the underground railroad and youcould walk to most major attractions if your feet can keep up.2. Afternoon Tea - excellent pastries, finger sandwiches and champagne upon request. Very relaxing.3. Restaurant (Dinner)- others said in their reviews that the food was so so. I found it to be excellent and the nigh help was attentive and recommended good drinks to go along with the main course. The Chatteau Briand for two was top 10 on best meals I've had outisde the 48 states.Overall I was unimpressed and would probably try another hotel next time in London due to the dissapointment in the room condition, concierge, spotty room service. The money spent on this hotel can probably be better spent at a hotel with cleaner rooms and better service.	
Jun 13 2006	The Fabulous Royal Horseguards	After a few problems which were handled immediately by courteous staff we had a wonderful stay. The breakfast buffet was exceptional. The hotel is so well located you can walk to so many venues. The rooms are large by European standards and most comfortable. The ones with the view of the Thames are the best. I would, without question, stay at this hotel again. The cost of the rooms are very very reasonable given the stature of the hotel - it is truly beautiful.	
Jun 13 2006	great hotel	We had a very short break in London the weekend of 3/4 June and found the hotel to be excellent! We had found the best rate was through the hotel's own website. Our room was very big and beautifully decorated. The bathroom was super - the shower was wonderful - very powerful!! Breakfast was plentiful and catered for every taste.Will stay there again.	
Jun 11 2006	Best Location Great Hotel	We recently returned from a trip to Europe that started with a stay at the Royal Horseguards Hotel. It couldn't have been better. Wonderful full breakfast, best location walking distance to many London Historical locations and the Thames, and great room facing the River. It helps to request a river view room. I would stay there anytime I went to London. Good value for the money	
Jun 7 2006	Wonderful Time!	We were there with our tour Globus.I have been to London several times and I think the Royal Horsegaurds is the best hotel yet!I had requested a room with a view and we had a view of the London Eye and river!The only part of the trip that we did not enjoy was the weather. But, London of course never promises good weather!Our room was so large and the bathroom was something else!Will reccomend the hotel to any body and hope to stay there again soon. Linda Bux &amp; Diana Spenik	
Jun 6 2006	Rooms rundown Awful Service	I was worried about staying here after seeing some of the reviews and I should have been. To begin with, I never received a reponse to an email inquiry I sent before I left but decided to go ahead and stay since the Royal Horseguards is in a great location. It's walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Westminister Abbey and many other attractions but the service and the rooms are below average. The rooms are really in need of an update. We had a very large room (for European standards) and the bed was comfortable. However, the wallpaper was covered with mold. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk their comment was &quot;How would I know what condition the rooms are in?&quot; Very unhelpful and not willing to even take a look at it. They said they would have housekeeping check it out after we left. They shouldn't rent these rooms until the paper is replaced. In addition the furniture is really dented and damaged. Overall, it's just plain shabby. The concierge desk was not helpful in recommending restaurants and activities. I won't stay here again and recommend that you don't either.	
Jun 4 2006	very smart god location	Stayed in a twin with my mum for a theatre break, great location, smart foyer. Room was clean and tidy, no view and very dark but as I got a cheap rate I accepted this. Breakfast was fabulous, we sat on the terrace in the morning sunshine. Stafff very nice. Wallpaper peeling off in bathroom, a small fault but the only one, would return.	
May 31 2006	Perfect!	My wife and I stayed here for four nights. We are in our 50's and reside in Boston, Massachusetts. The purpose for our trip was pure pleasure, and the Royal Horseguards delivered. Easy to get to from Heathrow via Heathrow Express to Paddington Station and then the Tube's Bakerloo line to Embankment Station. Better than a taxi ride if you are into local color. The hotel is truly within walking distance of most theatres, parks/gardens, concert halls, restaurants, the lively SouthBank and a multitude of historical attractions. We upgraded our room and were thrilled with all of it - the size, the comfort, the decor, the service. The Staff were polite and helpful. No negatives; we will go back!	
May 26 2006	Royal Horseguards was great!	I just returned from a stay at the Royal Horseguards. This was my second time at this wonderful hotel. Before coming to London, I had e-mailed the hotel and asked for a bed larger than a double, because my wife and I were coming to London to celebrate our 25th anniversary. Not only did they give us a king size bed, but they also gave us a free upgrade to a room with a fantastic view! The staff were friendly and very helpful. Our room was ready when we arrived at 11AM. The room was extremely quiet, the outside traffic and train noise were barely noticeable. When we cracked the window open, we could hear Big Ben chiming in the distance. From our room on the 6th floor, we could see the London Eye, the Thames, and St. Paul's Cathedral! The only problems were that the refrigerator and North American electrical outlet did not work and the room safe would not open. Of course, as everyone says, the location is fantastic, but so is everything else. All in all it was a wonderful stay and we would definitely stay there again, if we ever get the chance.	
May 24 2006	great location	stayed at the royal horseguards week of may 14 2006. what a great location, we were able to use the tube and travel allover the city. the tube was just a 1/2 block from the hotel.after reading all the reviews of hotels in london we expected to have a very small room.well what a surprise our room was large, we had a desk and chair,sofa, and easy chair. full closet, pants press, refrig and tea service. two twin beds and full bathroom in marble. and this was without the 25pound perday upgrade offered at check-in. the westminster area is very convenient to all major attractions. most in walking distance.the only problem we had was with may wife 's hair curling iron finding a plug that would work. the front desk responded within 5minutes and the problem was solved.we will stay at this hotel the next time we are in london. restaurant abound and the theater is great.	
May 24 2006	Very impressed at the poshness of it!	Firstly the location- Stunning , our room overlooked the thames,london eye etc.It was well situated- just outside trafalger square, right by buckingham palace,parliment,strand, downing street-all of which we walked to.Parking- We had to park in trafalger square which is expensive (although the hotel stamp your ticket so you get a slight discount) nearly £40 a day!! It wasn't far but a bit of a hassle when walking with suitcases. only took 5 mins though through trafalger square.Service-Excellent, helpful ,courteous.Cleanliness- we got upgraded because we asked for a non smoking room and they didn't note it so they gave us a better smoking room- which was spotless!The bathroom was amazing, marble floors double sink etc.Room- Huge, sofa , reception room with chair and huge double wardrobes in.Food- Delicious! Breakfast (buffet) consists of fruits (fresh)natural yoghurt, cereals, porridge, muesli, bacon,eggs (2 kinds) beans ,mushrooms,hash browns, toast, tomatoes etc- on the tables there are jams, honey,butters etc.Juices ,tea coffee- both do de-caff, milk, .All in all I would give it a 9.5 out of 10!!	
Apr 30 2006	Great Location Terrible Service	This was a good location. We were right across the Thames from the London Eye, the tube (metro) was just a block away, and most everything was within walking distance or an easy metro ride. We upgraded the first night which was a horrible room. They put us on the top floor in a corner room where you couldn't even stand up in most of it! There was also no storage for any clothes, and there was only a view if you opened the window and stuck your head way out! You also had to go through a maze of firedoors, which is quite difficult with luggage (TIP: the firedoors swing both ways, so always push to get through them easier!). The hairdryer was in the desk door, which made it hard to find &amp; hard to use. I complained the next morning and we were moved to a much nicer room with a beauitful view of the London Eye &amp; Thames. It was bigger and far superior to the previous room, but we did have to complain, so be sure to speak up if you aren't happy!!! As mentioned in the title, the service was quite lacking. No one seemed to want to go out of their way to do anything for you (from getting us ice to giving us their advertised turn-down service, which we never received, to getting us a taxi to moving our luggage when we changed rooms). All-in-all this was an ok place to stay, but I would not choose stay here again, mostly due to the attitude from the staff. The rooms &amp; view were not good enough to overcomensate for lack of service, which to us makes for a luxury hotel -- the experience counts.	
Apr 26 2006 	Great location helpful staff	We stayed for one night 23/4/06. Researched through trip advisor- main criteria location as I was to attend a function at 10 Downing St next day. Location superb, room was comfortable and the staff were very helpful and professional. It is well managed and english breakfast was excellent. Secured a very good price on Lastminute.com on 'Secret Hotels'. Overall would recommend this hotel and would certainly revisit in future.Happy customer-Caergwrle - Wrexham North Wales	
Apr 24 2006	The Royal Horseguards is Fantastic	My friend and I did a lot of research before booking at the Royal Horseguards. I had not been to London in 20 years and he had never been there. So where we stayed was very important.We couldn't have been more pleased. The staff was wonderful, the rooms were clean and quiet, and my room had a terrific view over the Thames towards the London Eye.The location was as perfect as could be.The breakfast was absolutely delightful.Who could ask for more?By the way, the price was extraordinary: Only 99 British pounds/night including all VAT and breakfast.	
Apr 22 2006	Charming hotel good location	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards Hotel in April 2006. The hotel is located nearthe London Eye and Big Ben. It is also close to Charing Cross. We found the hotelpleasant. The room small, but well decorated. We had a family of four in the roomand we managed just fine. The bathroom was large. The breakfast was wonderful.We had read a lot about fire drills in previous messages, but we did not experienceany in the 2 nights we were there. At night the area is a little dull, but overall a good location and near lots of sights.	
Apr 19 2006	Wonderful and warm staff!	Although I only stayed one night at the Royal Horseguard, it was a night I will remember for a long time. I arrived at the hotel not 100% sure whether I had a booking because of the busy Easter weekend. When I arrived, they were booked, especially the type of room I wanted. After thinking and pondering where to go, the manager told me she'll see what she can do, thanks to one of the head concierge, (I promise to get back with his name - I'm having a 'senior moment'). Bottom line is they were able to give me a single room on the eighth floor. The room was a charm, clean, warm and had everything I needed. I would recommend everyone to check them out because since they are only a four star hotel with great prices it is well worth checking it out because YOU'LL GET FIVE STAR SERVICE FOR A FOUR STAR PRICE!	
Apr 4 2006	royal horseguards hotel over-priced over-rated	We just returned from four nights at the Royal Horseguards hotel--March 28 to 31, 2006. According to their website, there were two levels of room available, superior and duluxe, both of which supposedly offered either a city view or Thames, and the usual amenities expcept for breakfast. It is about $300 a night but we wanted the best. When we arrived, we were told that there were no rooms with any view unless we upgraded for another 25 pounds a night which would include delivery of our paper at our our door and other amenities which were actually in the whole package. The room itself had a very good view but the chairs were so soiled we couldn't sit in them, there was no cover on the bed (just the white cotton duvet), and a huge and suspicious stain on the carpet, usual British hotel furnishing, more dusty than usual. The delivered paper was unnecessary since free papers were available in the lobby. I think the &quot;special offer&quot; upgrade is classic bait and switch. But it was creepy--why sacrifice ones reputation for a few pounds a night when they easily could have given us the same room at the same price as they advertised.	
Apr 3 2006	Excellent location	Just took a group of 31 to London and all stayed at the Royal Horseguard. Everyone in our group was very pleased. The staff could not have been any nicer or more helpful. We arrived before the rooms were ready and they gladly locked all our luggage in a private room and helped us get it to our rooms when they were ready. The rooms were beautiful &amp; clean. The carpet and bench at the end of our bed was a tad bit worn, but again since it was clean, I could overlook it. The bed was okay, not the most comfortable, but certainly not uncomfortable enough to keep me awake. The restaurant was nice with a good variety. A tourist could not find a better location. Our room overlooked the Thames and the London Eye. Very easy to get to the majority of London attractions. I would certainly recommend this hotel and you can bet on my next trip to London, I know where I will be staying - at the Royal Horseguard.	
Mar 29 2006	A tiny bit snotty	My husband and I stayed at the Horseguards on March, 25-26. We had an early check in our hotels.com reservation didn't get to them yet and I was unable to print my reservation. We had to wait about 45 minutes while the morning manager figured out what to do, even though I supplied him the hotels.com info line for Europe. We had been on a train for 9 hours before and weren't at our best and hadn't slept in more than a day. I feel like they were a bit rude, especially the head morning receptionist and must have thought we were some sort of hostelers. I noticed after we slept and were ready to go out at night, they were much nicer. It is a very posh hotel, though I did find it hard to sleep as I stared at all the cracks in the walls and the bed was VERY uncomfortable. We had a view of the Thames, which was nice but the balcony doors didn't open. The electric curtains were neat too! The hotel was in a great location and overall very nice. The staff seemed a bit snotty, but maybe they just forgot they worked at a hotel.	
Mar 22 2006	Another excellent stay at the Horseguards	Second stay at the Horse Guards. Got good rates from Thistle's own website - cheaper than the usual internet booking agencies !!! Previously stayed in deluxe double with river view - excellent room but with quite a bit of noise from the road and rail. This visit stayed in executive room (not river view) which was suprisingly smaller than the previous deluxe but a lot quieter. The bathroom had a bit of minor wear and tear from water damage on the bath panel and floor tiles. Apart from that room was well appointed and we had excellent stay. Staff friendly and efficient. Bar is expensive - £8 for glass of wine!! However, I would not hesitate to recommend and the Horseguards will be first on my list for subsequent London visits.	
Mar 22 2006	Spectacular Stay	This was my second time staying at the RHG. I had a Executive king room on the third floor facing the front of the property with a very spacious bathroom (soaking tub and seperate shower stall w/ waterfall spray above and 4 sprays on the wall). The staff are very professional and make you feel like a VIP. I highly recommend this property for it's central location. The RHG is the place to stay.	
Mar 20 2006	Loved London Royal Horseguards very good	London is a great city, full of interesting things to see and do. We stayed at the Royal Horseguards Hotel, which is in walking distance to many places including Parliament and Westminster Abbey. I am so very glad we went on vacation there.	
Feb 28 2006	Worth paying the little bit extra	We stayed for one night for a quick getaway last week and The Royal horseguards proved to be ideal for such a break. The location was good only a 10 minute stroll to the west end.I agree that the room décor is a little dated but the excellent staff and wonderful reception and lounge area warrants this hotel as 4star. Our ‘deluxe’ room (standard) was sufficient enough although if I stayed for a week or so I may find the bed a little too firm to put up with. As mentioned by others the bar prices are high and are obviously aimed at the co operate market that uses this hotel, our two gin and tonics came to £14.All in all it’s worth paying the few pounds more than other hotels – this one is a safe bet for nice break in London.	
Feb 24 2006	4 STAR ??	Stayed in this hotel last weekend.. On arrival all seemed fine, we were showed to our rooms..5th floor..(which i had booked via the internet), we felt they were a little on the small for 'Deluxe' but that was not all, the bathroom was well used and looking tired, the flush handle was loose and the tiles looked grubby. The wallpaper in our room looked dirty in places. And the windows were draughty. Then my daughter looked in behind the curtains in her room, the wallpaper was not only peeling off but there was mould growing on the wall, they also had a loose floor tile in the bathroom. On a more close inspection behind our bedroom curtains we had the same problem. This was a big disapointment to us as we thought we have found a top class hotel. We contacted the desk on the evening of the first night asked to see the manager the next morning. He listened to our concerns and moved us without any fuss to the 1st floor in what where MUCH better rooms more like the standard we expected. Overall a nice hotel, bar expensive (large glass wine 8 pounds). but the perfect location for sightseeing, Breakfast was great plenty of choice and the full English good and hot. I would return but would want to make sure we checked the rooms thoroughly first.	
Feb 15 2006	No complaints at all	I don't think the photos you see advertised on the web do the hotel any justice as I was expecting a bit of a dated hotel with old fashioned decor but was pleasantly surprised. The reception areas were great with a welcoming open fire and sofas. The rooms are nothing to get excited about but were clean and good size bathroom for London hotels. We ate in the restaurant on the first night of our stay and I have to say it was one of best meals we've ever had! The food was cooked to perfection and the service was absolute brilliant, I would definitely recommend it. The buffet breakfast is great with a good choice of continental and cooked food. The location of this hotel is right in the centre of everything, you can walk to Downing Street, Big Ben, London Eye within a few mins. Trafalgar Square is about a 5 min walk and Leicester Square/Picadilly a further 5 mins. We hardly used the underground as we didn't need to but if so Embankment is a 3 min walk from the hotel. The concierge are helpful and they will give you a good map of London to help you get your bearings. We took a walk to the Tower of London along the Thames path, it takes a good 25 mins but ok if you like walking. We would stay here again without question.	
Jan 26 2006 	really enjoyed	Location, Location, Location. This what this hotel has going for it the most. We spent a weekend there middle of Jan. we were able to walk to most sites on our list to see. (But did make the mistake of walking to the Tower Of London, it was a bit far and ate up alot of one of our days). The room was a bit small, but not horribly so,I do believe they could use new linens and use a bit more bleach in the towels, they did have a not so bright look to them. The walk from the elevator was full of turns but manageable, if we had been drinking I might have a different story. The breakfast was comparable to a breakfast buffet you'd get in an American hotel, filling but nothing to write home about. We had a smoking room and smoked in it there wasn't alot of air circulating, we had to have the window open the entire time. Personnel were nice, breakfast staff could be a bit more cheerful, but the number of guests they served in the morning you could understand how cheerfulness could get worn down. Might stay there again, depending on price and what we wanted to see next time.	
Jan 25 2006	Very nice can't beat the location!	We just returned from our second trip to London. On our first, we stayed at the Marriott County Hall (a freebie with Marriott points) and thought we couldn't have a better location - just across the Thames from Big Ben, via the Westminster Bridge. However, this stay at the Royal Horseguards beat it!The location is as convenient as I can imagine - overlooking the Thames, a block from Whitehall and Trafalgar, 1/2 block from the Embankment tube station. You can easily walk to a huge number of London's attractions from there, including Big Ben, Parliament, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey, the National Gallery and Portrait Gallery.The hotel itself is quite nice. The building is lovely and the lobby, restaurant and common areas are stately without being stuffy. Our room was small but nicely appointed and very comfortable. A little peeling paint in the bathroom was the only thing that wasn't quite perfect. Be forewarned, the beds are (as reported by other reviewers) small - about the size of what we would call in the U.S. a double bed. We are both tall and it was a little cozier than we would have preferred.The included breakfast is wonderful - a full continental and English buffet. Fruits, cheeses, meats, pastries, eggs, ham, potatoes, sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms, and, of course, that staple of the full English breakfast - beans. With the high prices and poor exchange rate, having this big breakfast every morning was a great savings - and we often skipped lunch as a result.We did not take the offered upgrade - which is institutionalized by permanent placards at the registration desk. 20 pounds per night just didn't seem worth it to us - we saw the river daily in our journeys and don't usually spend a lot of time in our room. Service was excellent, all staff members were friendly, courteous, and attended to all of our needs promptly. Although we enjoyed the Marriott last year, we would choose the Horseguards over it as a better value and location.	
Jan 6 2006	Fantastic location!!	The hotel is in a perfect location for central london, minutes from trafalgar square. We didn't stay on the river side (but were offered an upgrade to a river room for $35) and were surprised at how quiet it was.The lobby is nice, complete with a log fire. The room was very clean but looked like my Grandma had decorated it. Bed could have done with a new matress but was still comfy. The bathroom was fine, complete with tub and shower (5 jets), toiletries and towel warmer. No problems with room service, although forget about ordering anything hot late at night. We had no problems with transport, took us 40mins door to door from Heathrow (to Embankment tube via Paddington's fast train), would suggest calling a black cab if you can't hail one in the street. The hotel is in an ideal spot if you want to walk around central london.We booked on expedia for $215 a night, it was 309 pounds a night when we arrived for walk-in bookings!Definately would stay again.	
Jan 3 2006	Nice hotel for the money	Here I go again. I really look forward to returning home to write my experiences on Trip Advisor. In the past 3 months, I have been to Delano in Miami, Palace in San Francisco, and now here...The Royal Horseguards Hotel in London. First I wish to say, this is a nice hotel, but The Savoy, it isn't. The location was excellent, but this hotel is tucked away as the entrance is nothing more than two big wooden doors. Yes, there is the doorman/woman, but to get a taxi...you must either walk out of the hotel go down a partial block to the right and grab one going down the other street, or as I did, pay the doorman a pound or two and they will go stand on down the street and hail you one. Please note, there was a subway srike during our New Years stay. Make sure you stay close, or another guest will try to nab your ride you worked hard on getting. The lobby is nice, with an english heavy oak feel. It is worn, but all staff were very courteous and helpful. We used the concierge many times to help with dinner reservations..one in Covent Gardens called Octave was very nice. There is a nice sitting area in the lobby, and the couches will swallow you. The rooms are a bit worn, nice marble bath with shower etc..I think this is one of the bigger ones I have stayed in ,in Europe. There was a mini fridge stocked only once. The balcony doors are shut and locked by security wire so yu can open but can't go out. Beware of their &quot;24 hour&quot; room service, as once I tried to get something off their LIMITED menu, was told that they would call us back...I waited another 1/2 hr, no return call, and called again, to their answer was...we will call you right back. Well, no one ever called back. The other services we did get were just fine. Went to The Savoy for drinks and a Cohiba. What a difference. However, I had one cigar and 2 Martinis each and the bill was $90 pounds, which translates to almost $170 dollars. The Horseguards is close to all by walking. Really enjoyed the proximenty of the annual New Years Day parade, as it was just a one minute walk to the main strand to watch. The people in London were all very nice. Very expensive, but the exchange rate is horrible. The cost to enjoy London, is in the same monetary catagory of Monte Carlo or Marbella Spain. But hey....your one vacation. I would recommend this hotel again, as it wasn't too expensive for the New Years week, but I will try the Savoy next time. Exchange money at home, as it is almost 2 to 1 there. Also, I suggest booking tickets for any theatre on line. I went to &quot;ticketmaster&quot; and bought Lion King tixs 2 weeks before getting there. You pay for them and then they email you your actual tickets. Take them to the theatre and they will scan your bar codes. Very simple....almost too simple. This will save you time waiting in line or getting shut out of one of your favorite shows.	
Jan 3 2006	We will return to Royal Horseguards	When we plan an overnight in London we usually end up at the Horseguards. On this visit our room was disappointingly small. But the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was delicious and the staff was very helpful. When we needed to wrap a Christmas gift, they found stacks of different coloured newspaper, tape and scissors and apologized that they had no wrapping paper. We never seem to get a room with a view, but we book through Londontown and get a very good rate. It is in an excellent location and we like the entry area and the cosy bar.	
Jan 2 2006	The Fabulous Horseguards	My wife and I just returned from a 13 day stay at the Royal Horseguards Hotel in London and WOW! Location, location, location. A 10 minute walk to the London Eye, 15 min. to Big Ben and Parliment. 5 min to Trafalger Square, 20 min to Leceister Square and the west End Theaters. Tube Stations everywhere. Staff friendly and very courteous. Beautiful Room with comfortable beds and spacious wonderfully appointed bathroom. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to London.	
Dec 22 2005	Great location great staff needing an update!	We were staying for a short break in London, and wanting to see some shows on the way. It was our honeymoon, and I sent an email to ask if they could do someting special. Never got a reply (sent 2 weeks before arrival) So I called, and they we're very interested in what I had to say, I rang on a Saturday evening, so In House reservations weren't there, they advised me to call back on Monday, I didn't as that was my weddingday. But when we arrived Tuesday morning (10 AM) I wasen't expecting the room to be ready. But it was, no fuss at all, and to my surprise, I was upgraded to a river view.Great view, but the room was tired, clean, but tired. The furniture was old, towels in need of replacement. The wardrobe didn't shut, and desk was chiped. The staff were very good! Everybody was doing their best to make the stay wonderfull! But this being a Thistle Hotel, it sets it in a different class, the one of making a fast buck without doing anything to the property! Shame, as it could be a great addition to the 5 star hotels IF its upgraded. The staff won't be the problem!If you need to stay two or three days in London, and want to be in the middle of everything, but away from the cluttered high streets, to take a breather, stay here. If you want a view, upgrade to a riverview room, if you want quite, take one at the back. Riverview is quite noisy (partially because the double glazing doesn't shut properly). Great view of London skyline though and the London Eye. They do have balconies, but you can't actually get onto them, as they aren't up to safety regulations. Shame again, upgrade the place people!	
Dec 12 2005	Great location tiny room and liliput bed !!!	We stayed on night for a week-end in London.The location is definitely great, especially to visit center London and attend a musical.The main issue is that it seems you get the room size according to the mood of the receptionist, maybe you face and probably if you don't accept their upgrade offer to an executive rool for 20 pounds.We had a supposed double deluxe room but the room was tiny. No view, one chair, one bath robe, a bed of maybe 1m10 large, supposed to be the standard. For a double room that cries.I did not know that the standard british person size was that of an anorexic model to easily fit two person in such a bed. Since we only stayed one night we could accomodate with it, for more it could be a pain. Or you have to be prepared to pay 20 pounds more. But if you stay longer you can also probably afford to be a bit more away from center.	
Nov 29 2005	Some pluses and some minuses	I picked the Royal Horseguards based on location and reviews on TripAdvisor. We had two rooms and the quality difference between them was quite noticeable. Both were a very good size, but walls and carpets need replacing. The bathroom was spacious and worked fine. Several lights didn't work though. Staff was very courteous. One room had no view but was very very quiet. The other one overlooked the street on Whitehall and was still pretty quiet.The hotel is near the Embankment underground that we used frequently. The location is also near several big tourist sites, but I found the street of this hotel very deserted and a bit spooky at night when government buildings were empty.I am sure the Royal Horseguards would be fine for a short stay, which is what we did.	
Nov 29 2005	Quite Nice	Stayed here three nights on a winning Priceline bid of $100 a night. The hotel was easy to find near the Embankment tube stop. It is in the middle of Whitehall along the Thames (which means it is very quite on weekends when the government shuts down). It is about a 10 min walk to either Soho/West End or Parliament. The hotel is in a charming old building. The public areas are nice with a big fire and cozy chairs. Upon checkin I was offered an upgrade for 20 GBP, which I declined. The room given was a decent size, clean, nicely decorated, with a firm but comfortable bed (some might find it too hard). The bathroom was also a good size and nicely appointed, with the singificant exception of paint peeling off the ceiling in places. Other than that, this a nice hotel in a great location.	
Oct 31 2005	The Royal Hoseguard not so Royal	What can I say, I should have listened to the other reviews. I have stayed in a number of 4/5 star hotels all over the world and perhaps shouldn't compare. The hotel is in a great location and I can not take that away from the Royal Horseguards, however the room , well !!!!. The shower was mouldy and tired, the wall paper in one place was completely missing, an area of 50cm x 50 cm and in another place was hanging off the wall. The carpet was tired and dirty as was the chair with various stains. I was staying a junior suite for a not tiny amount and did expect a room of a much higher standard. I did complain about the room and was moved to a smaller room with a smaller bed. Only when asked did they compensate for this ,by agreeing to two breakfast.One word of warning don't asked for a glass of red wine and a pint of beer, as will set you back £15.00.	
Oct 26 2005	Charming and Convenient . . . Particularly with the Upgrade	My wife and I stayed at the RHG for three nights recently and really liked it. We got a good rate through Priceline and, based on Trip Advisor suggestions, took the upgrade for 20 pounds per day. It was well worth it. We wound up with a very large and charming room with a great view of the Thames and the London Eye. The staff was really helpful and friendly and the location is very convenient to all the sights and the tube. Be aware that this is an old hotel, though, so even the relatively recently renovated rooms still are a bit worn and have some quirks, like balky switches, iffy heat, etc. Still, we were quite pleased overall with this hotel.	
Oct 17 2005	Superior comfort great location	This hotel has it all: great location, appealing decor, spacious rooms and bathroom, and to top it all off, heated towel racks. We found a deal on this place (100 GPS per night) which included a full english breakfast and so it was great value. It is walking distance to see the changing of the Guard, Piccadily Circus, Covent Garden and many London attractions. Highly recommended; definitely worth it to spend a little more!	
Oct 6 2005	BIg rooms for London	I stayed in the the hotel with some friends from Toronto, I was meeting in London for the weekend, I was impressed with the size of the rooms. We had a first floor room with a view of the Thames which my friends thought was fabulous . The rooms were clean and had everything you need as for the staff I found the ones I dealt with friendly and helpfull.I booked with Guardian online and got a great deal twin room with breakfast for one hundred pounds per room inc vat, at check in they did try and say it didnt include breakfast but I had my documentation with me to show them .Im not sure how much its without a deal, but I thought this was about right.All in all I would stay again aslong as the deal was right.Great location, good sized rooms and clean.	
Oct 2 2005 	Great hotel with bored staff	This hotel, nearby Trafalger Square, is a very nice place. It is very close to tourist attractions as well as to shopping areas and the theatre district. However be careful with the room you get, some do not have a nice (or almost no) view and not every room has got aircondition. However, the size of the rooms is quite impressive for a hotel in London. The room I got had very nice furnitures and was very clean. So was the bathroom and the size of the bathroom was even more impressive.However, this hotel has got a big negative point as staff is not very friendly and gave the impression to be very bored in serving their guests. They always did what I had asked for but the way they were dealing with requests was not very professional. And because of the unsufficient service I would not stay at that hotel again, since there are many other hotels in this areas which might offer better service.	
Sep 30 2005	Take the Upgrade	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards June 21-24, 2005. The rooms here vary, and you must make a note, that they are remodeling this hotel. It has been going on for years, and will probably go on indefinately. All the hotels we stayed at in England went for the 20 pound upgrade, we just expected to pay $40 more after awhile. It's Englands little bait and switch scam. We read all the reviews first, and figured we'd do the upgrade. My friends went for the upgrade as well, and they got a 3rd story cramped (but newly redecorated) room with a view of the neighboring building and empty street. I got the same thing, but I wanted to have a view of the river Thames, so up to the 9th floor, through the twisty turns, and viola' what a stunning view! Room #2 was old, and had no air conditioning (yes there is a fan, but it blows air from the outside, not cooled in any way), it was unseasonably warm, so after sweltering all night and not getting any sleep, I went down at 6AM and switched rooms. Down to the 6th floor, in the remodeled part of the hotel, and in room #3 I enjoyed the air conditioning, and the view. And it just so happened that there was a part in the trees, and we could see the London Eye. I couldn't believe how different the rooms are in this hotel. Watch out if you have a long walk to your room, that would be the old part. There is so much too see, try to get a view, don't settle for the other side of the hotel! I watched the trains come in and out of the station, the London Eye go around, the taxis and red double deck busses, &amp; all that good stuff right out my window. Under the window is a cool park that runs all the way to Big Ben, And the other side looks like your staying at a prison. I found the staff to be EXCEPTIONALLY helpful, and anyone not getting the room they want should SPEAK UP. How are they going to know you are unhappy? Make all your deals, and room swapping when you arrive, then enjoy this absolutely stunning hotel set smack in the center of the city. See the changing of the horseguards at the end of the street, and avoid the crowds at Buckingham palace. Don't forget to see Cleopatra's needle, just a short walk on the river to the left.All the hotels in this area are expensive, but none have this location, so I deemed it worth any extra dollars spent. And money well spent.	
Sep 15 2005	Amazing view and location	I have to rate the hotel well because of the location and view. It is right across from a walking bridge over the Thames and just down from Big Ben, Parliament, Westminster Abbey. The staff was helpful and friendly. Problems, not really, but I paid a lot for my budget and received a room with blonde, particle board-looking furniture. This after I paid an extra 20 pounds for a room with a view after I got there. They try to sell you more and more when you check in. However, the hotel is right beside the underground stop and is very convenient, and the outside of it is beyond elegant.	
Sep 11 2005	Great stay at the Royal Horseguards!	My teen daughter and I stayed for a week, and absolutely loved it! We had a river-facing exec. double that was spacious and lovely. The bathroom was beautiful, and the upgraded shower something I wish I had at home. The room was quiet, and the view was well worth the extra cost, and the convenient central location was a big plus for us.The service was impeccable, especially the concierge, front-desk, and lounge staffs. They could not have been more responsive nor more professional.We would return there in a New York minute!Lynn from Los Angeles	
Aug 30 2005	Royal Horseguards is the place to stay!	In mid-August I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for 4 nights. I really liked this hotel. We ended up with a room overlooking the Thames and London Eye. The room was beautiful with great air conditioning. After spending 4 nights before at a London Marriott hotel this was certainly my favorite. Its located in a pretty quiet area but less than a 5 minute walk from Embankment underground. Within a 10 minute walk there are numerous restaurants. This hotel provided easy access to numerous attractions (either by foot or by underground). An added bonus of this hotel is being so close to Big Ben. Even though the windows would only open slightly we could hear the chiming of Big Ben. The english breakfast offered is comparable to other hotels. But the staff was extremely nice. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2005 	Great Stay	One of the best hotels I have stayed at in London. Great location, very friendly staff and comfortable room. I will return.	
Aug 5 2005	Great Stay and Wonderful Location	We arrived at the Royal Horseguards Hotel at 9AM due to an early flight from the states and (knowing we probably wouldn't be able to check-in at 9 in the morning; everybody knows check-out is at 12pm) we checked baggage with the concierge and went for a walk along the Thames. Of course since we had just left Texas and the 100 degree heat and I wished for cooler weather, well we got it (around 55 degrees) along with the rain for the whole week. Got back to the Hotel soaking wet and found out the room wasn't ready and that we didn't get the river view I had requested (they apologized). I saw that the staff was having a rough morning and simply said I understood...it happens...not a problem. The staff was somewhat surprised (you could tell by the look on their faces) that I didn't throw a fit about the room like everyone else around was doing. I had tea with my wife in the hotel lounge which was excellent. We sat for two hours and I went to check on the room again (sorry, sir it's not ready yet, but we'll bring you the key as soon as it is....I understand...no problem....puzzled looks again). Eventually someone from the front desk came over with the key and apologized for the delay and let me know that the room had been upgraded and that we now had a river view. They thanked me for my patience and understanding. The room was great with clear views of the London Eye and St. Pauls Cathedral. The maid service was excellent and when we asked for extra towels she made sure we had them every day for the remaining 5 nights we were there. The concierge desk was fantastic with arranging taxi service and tickets to a show. One evening I asked if they knew where I could buy a paper and the concierge chased down the delivery lady to ask if he could get an extra paper for me. The lady came back in and with a smile handed me a paper on the house. They were always helpful with directions and greeted us every morning with a smile and a good morning as we headed out. We had the fire alarm go off at around 11PM one evening and it was pretty inconvenient. After everything was checked out they let everyone back in, we arrived in our room to find there was a message on the TV apologizing for the inconvenience.This hotel is centrally located and has wonderful views. The staff was helpfull and always friendly.Overall this hotel was FANTASTIC!	
Aug 2 2005	View of first stay at Royal Horseguards Hotel	We arrived at the Royal Horseguards Hotel in bad weather (pouring rain, wind blowing, cold temps) at about 8:00 a.m. and found that our room was not ready for us and we were told in a most unfriendly, surly manner by the desk clerk that it may not be ready until after lunch as they were very busy. We left our luggage with them and proceeded to visit some sights though we were very, very tired and jet lagged. This is the first time in all our travels that our room has not been ready but it was the clerk's manner that was not appreciated by us. The hotel is in a wonderful place for sightseeing and our room had adequate space though our mattresses were lumpy and hard on our backs. The bathroom was large and clean but the bathtub was difficult to get in and out of as the sides were very high and there was a slick surface on the bottom of the tub so it would be easy to slip and fall. The maid did not replace the tea, sugar, and cookies every day which was disappointing and our sheets were never changed after six nights. We did not have a view, only over the air conditioning shaft, and our windows did not open which concerned us as we had several fire alarms go off when we were there. Evidently the fire alarms go off there on a weekly basis sometimes several times. No one gave us a heads up and why they went off and no one from the hotel bothered to come out on the street to reassure anyone. In fact we saw staff and some guests still inside the hotel laughing and walking around while the rest of us were out in the weather and the emergency vehicles were arriving. There was no apology or reason given for the alarms to us at all. Breakfasts were plentiful but the same every morning. We found the breakfast staff very friendly and helpful but the lobby staff not as friendly or helpful. We ordered a cab one morning and were ready to go but the staff did not relay that the cab had arrived and the meter had been running so our bill was much higher. We were not happy with this. I had an important phone call message that was not relayed to me also and no one seemed apologetic that I did not receive it though it clearly was their fault. The hotel is in a very safe part of London and so convenient to many things but for the price I would have liked to have felt more valued as a customer. We stayed at a Holiday Inn (much cheaper) in a neighboring city and the customer service was 1000% better. We had a problem with our shower at the Holiday Inn with water spraying all over the floor instead of in the tub and it made quite a mess. They were most apologetic and gave us a generous reduction on our bill and helped us immensely on various questions. They made us feel valued as customers at the Holiday Inn. Royal Horseguards is a very lovely hotel but they have some work to do to get me back-most particularly on the customer service and fire alarm problems.	
Jul 22 2005	Loved the Royal Horseguards	A friend and I stayed at the Royal Horseguards for four nights the last weekend in May and found it wonderful. The location is excellent, just a short block from the Embankment Tube stop. From reading other reviews it seems we were lucky to get a nice view of the Thames. Our room was large by European standards and included tea, a small refrigerator and 2 bathrobes. Interestingly, the bathrobes had large anti-theft tags stuck on them. We had a special rate for the weekend, not including breakfast, of 110 GBP per night. I thought that was very reasonable given the level of the hotel. The concierge made a very good recommendation for dinner on our last night taking into consideration our specific requirements. For my first trip to London this was an excellent hotel and I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 20 2005	Top notch!	Just enjoyed a 2 night stay at The Royal Horseguards having stayed there twice before, was absolutely first class yet again. We arrived at the hotel at 11:30am thinking we would have to wait before we could check in but our room was ready as soon as we got there. Decided to take an upgraded room at £20 per night and it was well worth it, our room (on 7th floor) was huge. The room was very clean and tastefully decorated. We had a large en-suite bathroom with seperate bath and shower, again which was clean and we always had plenty of towels etc.Location of the hotel cannot be beaten if you are there to do the &quot;tourist thing,&quot; Embankment tube station is just sccorss the road, Trafalgar Square is literally a 2 minute walk, London Eye is directly accross the river, Big Ben and Houses of Parliament a lovely 10 minute walk along the Thames. For its central location there is also hardly any traffic noise as the hotel is on a quiet street just off Whitehall so you can get a great night sleep after pounding the streets all day!Staff were all very friendly and helpful. The food was great, although we only ate our breakfast in the hotel so I couldn't comment on what the food was like if you had lunch or dinner there.The only disappointment we had was on the last day of our stay when we went down for our breakfast in the morning and there was a 5-10 minute wait for a table. No problem for us but it seemed to be the end of the world for an Australian couple who were not prepared to wait and gave the head waiter so much hassle about it even though it was the same for everyone. Nothing to do with the hotel but it really annoyed me as the staff were trying to clear the tables and re-set them as fast as they could, some people just have no patience!Great hotel, if you are in London then stay here!!!	
Jul 8 2005	Great location	Great location but on a quiet street and near the tube. Many things nearby and easy to walk too. Hotel is in an old building but does have some character. Our room was small but was okay becasue of the high ceilings and a large bathroom with a tub. Even though we did not have a nice view, there was a lot of light from the multiple tall windows. If you can get a reasonable price or deal from priceline this hotel is well worth it.	
Jul 6 2005	Great Hotel-good locale	A friend and I stayed 3 nights at the Royal Horseguards Hotel in June 2005 after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel was very nice and clean-equal to a smaller Hilton and the staff was extremely gracious and friendly. They have a restaurant and bar on premises, but we went out to the local pubs and it was much cheaper. We had a beautiful view of the River Thames and the location was great. Other than the fire alarm going off in the middle of the night and evacuating to the streets in our pj's, then paying 34.00 US for 2 Irish coffees, the entire stay was fantastic. We were several blocks from Big Ben, Westminster Abbey down river and shopping and theatres. The tube at the Embankment was less than a block away, and if you can figure it out, it is the way to travel. If you fly in or out of Gatwick airport, take the bus or arrange for a shuttle prior to your trip. The cab ride was about 220.00 US to the airport (good thing we were leaving, because by then, we were out of money!) The concierge desk can arrange for a shuttle to the airport and it is much cheaper, but it needs to be booked 24 hrs in advance. I would definitely stay here again. Great impression for a first timer in London.	
Jul 5 2005	Not Perfect But Charming	My daughter and I stayed for a week at the Thistle Royal Horseguard. I ususally stay in vacation flats or apartments when I travel. Hotels are sort of a waste to me, but as this was my first trip to London, I thought I would benefit from the hotel staff/concierge. It was a good choice.  We loved the location, as it was walking distance to all that we were interested in. Within minutes we were at Trafalgar Square and the west end theaters. The Embankment tube station was right across the street as was the River Thames. A short walk across the bridge got us to the south bank, Tate and Waterloo Station. Big Ben and Westminster Abbey were a short stroll. St Pauls, a good walk of about 20 minutes.  The hotel itself is old, but still beautiful. Kind of like an aging movie star. You could tell the building was once splendid, but sadly time has shown it's face.  The room we had was huge with a seperate sitting area and a double sink bath. Despite what we had heard our beds in London were very comfy. We had incredible views of the River Thames and the London Eye, but we couldn't go out on our balcony as the doors and windows were locked Very disapointing. We booked our hotel and it came with a complimentary English/continental breakfast. This was a great time and money saver. The food was better than average, (hashbrowns exactly like McDonald's!! great coffee, tea and a selection of fruit, cereal and meat.) Though not the best food in town, the service was excellent. Except for the horrid muzak/jazz playing annoyingly loud in the restaraunt, it was great! The concierge service was helpful, the maid service thorough. All in all the hotel was above average, but something was missing. Maybe it was the lack of polish, or smoothness you expect from a big hotel. It wasn't slick, which was kind of nice and comfy. Next time I'll stay in a flat as per usual, but if I needed to recommend a hotel, this one would be fine.	
Jun 28 2005	Nice hotel but...	Nice hotel but there were some things I didn’t like. I'm really not that kind of person that picks up on every little thing so I do think what I'm saying is fair. I have to say that the location is great! The building is old and beautiful and the streets around it are not that busy (comparing to other London streets). We had a room with a river view but the windows in our room were blocked and we could only open them a little bit. The best part about the location is that some of London's most famous sights are 5-10 mins walk from the hotel. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant. We had dinner there 2 of the 3 nights we stayed at the hotel, and the food and service were wonderful. However when we decided to have a cup of tea at the bar we just sat there for 30 mins waiting for the waitress that was completely ignoring us! Generally I didn’t find most of the hotel's staff friendly. They didn’t prepare us a room we two separate beds though we specifically asked for it. So we had to wait for around half and hour until it was ready. Not a long wait but when you just spend half of the night at the airport and 5 hours on a plane you cant wait to get to your room instead of sitting in the lobby. Also when our keys didn’t work and we had to run up and down to replace them we didn’t even receive a simple apology. The room was fine. It was pretty large for European hotels, pretty clean with nice beds and furniture. However the bathroom was horrible! The shower was old and rusty, the floors were dirty and the marble counter around the sink should've been replaced a long time ago. If you looking just for a nice hotel in a good location the RH is fine, just done expect for too much.	
Jun 27 2005	Oh dear... sorry. not the best review	Stayed at the RHG between June 19th - 21st. Temp – 33 degree C – 30 degree CWe had my wife, my 12month old daughter, myself. A friend, his wife and two children, 1 who was 14 months and 1 who was 2.5 years.When we booked the RHG hotel, we specifically requested a suite that had a separate bedroom from the main living area, this would enable us to put our daughter to bed and allow us some freedom to watch television and or talk and we wanted a view of the Thames and London. We were told to order a deluxe suite.When we arrived we were given the Library suite (room 911). I thought this room as awful, dark (very dark) dirty and dusty. The room rate for this room is £280 per night. For that you get a room with no view.. I mean.. no view.. When you pull back the drapes, you are confronted with a tall window with completely frosted glass. You get a staircase leading to the bedroom; this overlooks the living area but is very unsafe for 12-month-old babies as they can fall between the bars quite easily. The room had cobwebs from the lights and that must dust gathered on the picture frames and backs of chairs, it would have looked in place within Disney’s haunted house.We asked to be moved.. we were told that the only other option they had wouldn’t be available until 5pm as the guest had a late check out. We agreed to this and decided on a visit to the London eye and a walk along the embankment. We returned at 6pm.. tired, hot (London at 33 degree C soon takes it out of you), We were told that the room needed to be checked to ensure it was clean. We were asked to wait in reception. 30 mins later, I decided to chase them up. I was told that they had forgot to check, please wait whilst we do it.. 10 mins later.. yes you guessed it.. I had to remind them again. Eventually, we were given the Egyptian suite. We soon found out this suite was room 912, next door to where we had been before…Although the room quality was better, it still had a fundamental problem that it was on two floors, no good for a 12-month-old baby. I asked for the manager to come and see me. He appeared and was very good. He agreed that we should have not been given these rooms and offered us a suite on a lower ground, although not as large, this would give us accommodation on one level. We accepted. We moved to room 475. The room had a great view of London and suited our needs for the baby but the air conditioning seemed to be blowing hot air.. please remember that London was 33 degree C on this day.. We were unable to open the windows so we asked reception twice if it could be fixed. It never was.. we got so feed up with moaning we decided to put up with it.We complained to the manager on check out about the problems we had had, she apologised and offered a huge reduction in costs for us, we accepted. The hotel is indeed in a good location. I feel we were unlucky and I would be prepared to stay there again, only this time I would investigate rooms before I accept them.	
Jun 2 2005	Beautiful Hotel on Thames	Second trip to London and found this great hotel. I would say it earns its four stars. Great location on the Thames within walking distance to many attractions, but on a quiet street. Walk to St. James park, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, pubs, restaurants, etc. Our room did not face the Thames but was a good size. Our traveling companions' room faced the Thames, but was about half the size. Nice decor. Beautiful building. Thoroughly enjoyed &amp; would recommend, especially for first time visitors of London.	
May 20 2005	Lovely hotel	I was taken for a birthday treat, we had a superior room with a river thames view, lovely large room and the bathroom was massive nearly as big as the room. great view the only thing was that you could'nt open the windows which was silly. breakfast was good and nice to have cream tea in the lounge after a busy day. would stay there again.	
May 4 2005	Good Location but I won't stay there again	We stayed at this hotel for two nights - at check in, they tried to talk us into &quot;upgrading&quot; our room for 20 pounds per night (at the exchange rate, that was almost $40). As we were already spending over $250 per night, we said no - they stuck us in a room that was very small and would have had a beautiful view of St. James Park were it not for the scaffolding and opaque plastic sheeting over the windows. (The hotel was NOT full, either - I think they put us here because we wouldn't pay to upgrade) The room was clean but pretty small - the bed pretty much took up the whole room.The hotel is in a great location - very central in London, easy to get to all the big sites, including Big Ben and Westminster Abby, which are about a 5 minute walk. The next problem was that the hotel had fire alarms both nights that we were there and we had to evacuate the hotel - the 2nd time, I had just gotten out of the shower! A big pain to have to stand out on the street for 15 minutes while the fire brigade checked things out.When we checked out, I complained to the manager about the blocked window view and the fire alarms - she said she would take off the upgrade charge. When I pointed out that we had not taken the upgrade because we were already paying such a big price for the room and couldn't afford it, her response was basically &quot;tough luck&quot; and she refused to give us any kind of discount for the inconvenience. Bottom line - great location, but too much $$ and not a pleasant experience overall. I would not stay here again.	
May 3 2005	UPDATE FOR 2005	I've stayed here three times through Priceline. The first time I was given a huge room and beautifully appointed. Great bathroom with separate shower with six showerheads. The second time I was given something less than a maid's room. For a week's stay there wasn't even one drawer for clothes. Got changed to a slightly larger room that time. Apr 05 I was there for 5 nights and got a larger L shaped room in good shape. Inside room with no view, but that was all right as the outside toward the river was covered with scaffolding. Only problem with inside room was no cell reception. It was my 3rd hotel in London on this trip. I was shocked that they wanted $30 US for internet broadband wired access per day. I took my wireless laptop a block away to Starbucks since I have a Tmobile account. Had one dinner in and one breakfast in. Food was as good as it had been on my last trip. Staff was helpful. The maintenance was much better in the room this time. Fire alarm on the last night put everyone on the street at 1am for about a half hour while the fire department checked out the hotel. White terry robes and black shoes look goofy, moreso when a hundred people are so dressed.	
Apr 29 2005	Very Nice	We stayed in a deluxe room with river view which was very nice. Location was exactly where we wanted to be with easy access to shops, attractions and theatre land. The only down side which seems to be a problem in London is the over the top pricing of food and drink and the attitude of the staff (particularly on reception). Overall i enjoyed this hotel and would return happily.	
Apr 19 2005	RH Good place for family stay	We stayed at the RH March 30 thru April 6. We are a family of five, plus my parents flew in from NJ. We had two double/double connecting rooms with a pullout couch in each room. Although close in space, the rooms were big enough to navigate without running into each other. Maid service was inconspicous, we left every morning and came back in the afternoons to find all beds made and towels replenished. I know some claim the breakfast (included in our rate) is redundant but with three kids ten and under, it was perfect. They all loved the eggs, oatmeal, fruit, danishes and sausage. It was great for the adults not to have to decide where to eat each morning. We'd dress for the day, go to breakfast and leave for the day from the dining room. Tube really is ridiculously close walk and we used it everyday. Walked behind the hotel and over the footbridge on a beautiful, sunny day to London Eye in less than five minutes. Garden and walk along Thames behind hotel is lovely. Walked through Royal Horseguards everyday( and each time kids thrilled at horses and guards) to St. James' Park to feed the ducks with my girl's while my husband and son played footie with the friendly locals on the beautiful green grass--did this every day in the afternoon after sightseeing all morning.  The concierge is friendly and eager but not overly informed. When stayed at Savoy in June, concierge never consulted guidebooks to recommend restaurants--at RH both times we asked for suggestions kind concerige consulted the guidebook I already had!!! No harm, no foul but a little disappointing if you're looking to be confident in where they recommend you go.Also, building across the street from hotel is boarded up and the area is very dark at night( do not know why hotel doesn't light it up)--not scary but just empty. The husband and I walked back late Wednesday night after National Gallery and pub food and saw no one on the dark, unlit block leading to our hotel. A little unnerving so took taxis in the evening if out after 10 PM. All in all, the hotel is nice, the employees are friendly and helpful, rooms are clean and nicely appointed and the location really is fantastic. Very cool to hear the bells of Big Ben play at six in the evening. You won't go wrong at this hotel.	
Apr 10 2005 	Great location nice staff terrible beds	I just finished a 7 night stay at the Horseguards while on business, and overall it was a very good experience. The location was teriffic - close to two tube stops and very near to Trafalger Square. It's also just a short walk to most of the major theatres in case you are interesting in attending those. The staff was very helpful and friendly - always taking time to answer my questions and help me when I needed advice. The included breakfast was also a plus - but it did get somewhat old by my 7th morning there because they never changed it up. The hallways somewhat crooked - but it added to the charm of this hotel and once I found my room the first night, I was good. I had a room with a view of the river, but the scaffolding was still up outside and I couldn't see anything. It didn't matter much though - I wasn't in the room that much. The only downside to the room is that the bed was terrible (others have posted differently - so I guess some rooms have newer ones). It was so uncomfortable that it hurt my back after sleeping on it for several days. This did not make for a comfortable flight back to the US. All in all, though, if you get a room with a good bed, this place is terrific.	
Apr 8 2005	enjoyed my stay	stayed at the thistle charing cross last year. Enjoyed Horseguard more. we were in the same interior room that another writer had written of. no view but who cares just their to sleep. room was HUGE. 4 times larger than the charing crosses room. for 90 pounds a night it was a steal. as mentioned 9 air conditioners outside of the room could be loud in summer. room was only the executive room not the deluxe. the room is a little tired and dark but again it was HUGE. when we got home could sit us on the sofa and chair and watch tv from 20 feet away. the room was clean. smelled a little of cigarettes so I figured this was a converted smoking room to non. your in london you are going to smell like cigarettes anyways as everyone smokes. very quiet at night. slept well. no noise of garbage trucks which kept me awake at the charing cross. it is true you walk into the royal horseguard area and it is dead at night across from scotland yard. and when you leave you are 5 minutes from the bustle of the strand and 10 minutes from leicester square.	
Mar 28 2005	Excellent except for a couple of things	Stayed at the Royal Horseguards during mid to late Ferbruary. Two things that were really, really good were the bed and the shower water pressure. The bed was very comfortable and clean. My roomie is quite particular and she even liked the bed. As for the shower, it was so much water pressure that it hurt. That was awesome especially when trying to wake up in the morning. My only complaints are that the room looked into a stairwell and although we kept closing the curtains so that we did not have to look at it, the maid would open it every day when she cleaned. Also along these lines, the maids came in and cleaned our room even when we had the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light on. The room had a lot of nice pictures and furniture. There was some chipping paint and cracked marble in the bathroom but the hotel is quite old so these things were not that unexpected. The breakfast was included and it was good although it was the same every day. The chocolate croissants were very good but in limited supply so you have to get there early. The location was very good. We did not have a problem finding our way around. The staff was exceptionally helpful and very accomodating especially to the &quot;more difficult&quot; members of our party. But they usually stay at more expensive hotels while I am willing to stay any where as long as it is clean.	
Mar 24 2005	For London 5 Stars	Just finished a 5-night stay at the Royal Horseguards. Most of TripAdvisor's reviews for this hotel are accurate...or &quot;spot on,&quot; if I'm trying to sound British ;-)The location is excellent. Trafalgar Square is a five-minute walk. Embankment, a two-minute walk, half of which is covered, is the closest tube station and serves four lines. Charing Cross is about 3 minutes further, although its two lines also call on Embankment, so there's really no need to use Charing Cross, unless you require access to British Rail. From Victoria Station (Gatwick Express), the hotel is about 10 minutes by taxi, mostly because of all the traffic lights. Anyway, that works out to £6-£7, with tip.Within hotel reach and reasonable walking distance are many restaurants and bars, and even though the hotel's immediate vicinity is dead at night, walk a couple blocks and it won't be. Villiers Street, the mostly pedestrian thoroughfare connecting Embankment and Charing Cross, has many nice coffee/sandwich/snack shops, which serve as a preferable alternative to the Royal Horseguard's slightly pricey and slightly uninspiring menu.However for London, this is an exceptional property. Even by US standards, this hotel compares favorably. My room, a typical double, was a little smaller than a standard US hotel room, but lacked none of the appointments I had expected from reading this board: heated towel rack; marble bathroom (counters, not floors); in-room safe; mini-bar; good shower; hairdryer (two, in fact); good lighting. In that regard, it surpasses your standard Hilton or Sheraton. Btw, I read several times that I shouldn't accept the first (or even second) room I was offered, but I was quite happy with the first one I was shown.I do have a couple complaints. While high-speed internet access is available in all rooms, you'll pay dearly for it: £15/night. Also, mobile phone strength is very poor in the hotel. I can only speak for my provider, Orange Mobile -- perhaps service is better with other carriers -- but the signal was non-existent in the hotel's lobby and other public areas. Fortunately, my room was on the highest (9th) floor, which afforded me consistently 2 to 3 bars of reception. On the middle or lower floors, however, I don't know.In all, the Royal Horseguards is a great hotel, and while it won't be mistaken for The Lanesborough, for London it deserves 5 stars. I will be back!	
Mar 12 2005	Great place	I stayed in November, and LOVED it. I had a HIGH floor great view of the water and city-lights! I got a STEAL on the price too (payed no more then $260 USD a night). The front-desk staff for me was very mixed. I had two very, very nice people, and one terrible speachless/rude idiot. They are kind of quiet there.... I came with two suitcases and was running around the tube station (embankment) to the hotel in the rain. *please don't take the tube and two suitcases.... it's the last time i took two* At the doors I had a little prob. getting my two suitcases in promptly (raining) but the door-man came rather quickly. Leaving the hotel, there are stairs down to the lobby, and the porter quietly took one of my suitcases and lowered it and I said I'd get the other one *complete silence in return.* The room was rather old (expected - your in a castle). The bathroom toilet took some playing' with to get it to stop (the handle would let it keep running, and running.) Room service was EXCELLENT and very tasty. The hotel also has excellent treasures &gt; the room service staff looks quite good too :) - keep trying till you get a gem (male and females!). Room looked smaller/different then that on the Thistle/Expedia website, but it was actually nicer (though smaller). Would stay here again. You really feel you are in London when you hear big-ben go off quietly in the background from your hotel room. Please note: If you are overlookign the water, the traffic is loud as it is a main-street. However the traffic quiets considerably past 9pm! You still may want to bring some earplugs if you are not a sound-sleeper. Overall I loved the hotel. OH! one more thing &gt; the doors do not have spring hinges.... so PLEAAASEE do not let the door-close by itself on your way in/out! I guarantee you, the DOOR-SLAM is the loudest thing you'll hear other then an MRI-scan with no ear-protection. People learn quick though not to slam the doors...	
Mar 11 2005	Hard To Beat The Location	I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Royal Horseguards. I have stayed at this hotel many, many times. As every other review has stated, the location is unbeatable. A quiet street but literally a few blocks from the action (Embankment, Charing Cross, National Gallery, West End, Leicester Square, Covent Garden). Embankment is an excellent underground station because it has four lines as well as the main line stopping there.Rooms in the newer section are definitely in better condition. Higher floors have beautiful views of the Thames (except for now, due to temporary scaffolding).Breakfast has a nice variety, although except for the occasional switch in cheese types, is the same every day. Also, if you like chocolate croissants, get there early. One more point. Aside from the front desk, which seems to change personnel frequently, the concierges and the door man have been there quite a while. They are very helpful and knowledgeable.I have stayed in at least 10 other hotels in London. With whatever minor faults it has, it is hard to find a similar hotel, especially with a quality location, for the same price. I'll be back in August.	
Mar 6 2005	Great Value	I shopped a lot before staying here and this was a great value. I usually stay at very expensive hotels but could not due to the rest of my group this time.The service was great! The breakfast was included which made this an even better value.I went through 2 rooms before I accepted the third. The first was a smoking room. The second had a broken heater making it about 150 degrees. The third and final room was decorated beautifully and very large. I had a very nice marble bathroom with a tub and separate shower.I have only 2 complaints:1. The hotel, including my room needed some repairs to paint, wallpaper, drywall, carpet, etc. It wasn't too bad in most places but I am very particular so some things bothered me.2. My bed was very uncomfortable. My bedding was nice, but I could feel the springs. Other people in my group loved their beds so I think this is inconsistent. The service is so great here I am sure they will move you to another room if you do not like your bed or anything else about your room.Other thoughts:1. Don't bother to upgrade to a deluxe. I did and there was no significant difference from others who had a standard room.2. Try to get breakfast included. It is a good value. It was the same buffet every day with many options. 3. The location was very good-- close to the river and Trafalgar Square and St. James park.4. The service here was wonderful. They helped with so much. They never complained even when I did. They gave advice, held the door, helped with bags, helped with my stroller, made reservations for us, called us a cab a few times. They were always eager to help.	
Mar 5 2005	Very Pleasant Stay	Just returned from a 6 night stay at the Royal Horseguards. It was my second stay at this hotel. My husband and I really enjoyed our stay. For theatre goers, the location cannot be beat. It is an excellent location for many tourist sights also--London Eye, Buckingham Palace, Westminister, Houses of Parliament--I could name a dozen more! If you don't like to walk, the Embankment tube stop is just a couple minutes away at most.Our hotel room was a nice size, especially by European standards. Due to scaffolding, what would have been a fantastic view over the Thames and the London Eye was obscured by clear plastic. We hadn't paid for a view so didn't mind. The bathroom was large, marble tiled, with a bidet. I must say it had the hottest water and fastest filling bathtub of any hotel I've ever stayed in. The breakfast room is sunny, efficiently staffed and has a nice variety of foods. It was a pleasant way to start the morning.Our biggest complaint is that the bed was hard. It isn't the worst I've encountered, but it does keep me from giving the hotel an excellent rating. I can also see that some people might think the rooms are rather dark. On my previous stay I had a room that opened onto the lightshaft. I was quite put off when I initially saw the room, but I actually grew to like it as I slept quite well.I have also stayed at the Marriott County Hall in London in the past. It has an even nicer facility, but I chose to stay at the Royal Horseguards on this trip as I find its location to be so ideal. The Horseguards also has a more European flavor.	
Mar 4 2005 	One of the best locations	I've just returned from a stay at The Royal Horseguards and I really loved it. The staff was very friendly and caring. They even remembered the room number in the morning at breakfast. Travelling alone the location was a great plus. The hotel is just around the corner of Embankment tube station and all major theatres are within a short walking distance. I always walked home at night and always felt absolutely safe as the hotel is in a very good neighborhood. The room was very comfortable, though not large, but very well appointed. The same goes for the bathroom. I can only recommend staying there if you plan to go for the theatres in the West End.	
Feb 20 2005	Great Location	I stayed in the Royal Horseguards hotel whilst on a theatre break with my fiancé. We thought the location was excellent. The hotel is just a few minutes from a tube stop and short walk to many of London’s famous sights such as Big Ben. In the evening I had thought we would need to get a taxi to the West End, but was pleasantly surprised by the short walk.The lobby was nice and welcoming with a cosy lounge and fireplace. The room was a good size and the bathroom clean and spacious. Unfortunately the window didn't let much sunlight in and subsequently the room felt a bit dark, the central heating was quite noisy at night.We both thought the room service and mini bar were quite expensive - £1.75 for a Mars bar! However we did opt for the breakfast in bed in the morning, at an extra £10 it was worth the cost to round off a romantic weekend.Next time we come to London we will definitely consider staying in the Royal Horseguards.	
Feb 12 2005	Loved the location after the 3rd room......	Excellent central location, within walking distance to the London Eye, Trafalgar Square, Downing Street, Big Ben etc. Nice hotel, well priced £110 for a double room/night + full English breakfast. Ask for a quiet room, we had to move at 2am! due to the heating system above room 421. The free upgrade to a suite (807) compensated. 	
Feb 6 2005	Outstanding location...	Hotel location is really terrific without a doubt...just a 2 minute or less walk to Embankment tube stop and Charing Cross train station. Many pubs, eateries, sandwich stops right outside the tube station. Currency exchange, eats, etc in the train station. Steps from there to Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, St. Martins in the Field(don't miss the cafe in the crypt or the music offered in the sanctuary-some even free!). Hotel right on the banks of the Thames. River view rooms probably worth the extra cost if you're into views as you can see the London Eye etc. Note exterior renovations going on with extensive scaffolding as of Nov 04. Mattresses hard, I folded up the bedspread every night to add some padding. Note if you don't pay for the river view you'll probaby get a light shaft view...ours was complete with 7 air cond units immediately in front of our window. We were there in Nov so noise from them wasn't a problem, but I would think it would be during hot weather. Our room was nice sized, large bath, somewhat rough condition for $300+/night in our opinion...and as prev mentioned the &quot;view&quot; and the mattresses were lacking. Breakfast buffet nice, bet during warm weather the patio would be terrific in the morning.	
Feb 3 2005	Location Location Location	My wife and I went from Puerto Rico all the way to London for our anniversary, and stayed for a week at the Royal Horseguards. Check in was great, no problem whatsoever at front desk. Service was excellent from absolutely everyone. The room was a little tight, but were mentally prepared for that after checking the reviews on this site. We had a buffet breakfast included, which was ok, but the same every single day. But what had no comparison was the location. For that alone, the hotel was worth it. It is accross the street from Embankment, where you can get the tube (subway), the buses and the ferrys. Also, it was walking-distance from Trafalgar Square (were you could get the rest of the buses) and the London Eye (right across the river - a 2 minute walk). Everything felt close by. Would definitely return, though would try to get a bigger room if possible.	
Jan 21 2005	location location location	We stayed at this hotel in December and couldnt of been in a better location. It is walking distance to many of Londons famous sights and a short tube ride to all the rest. We booked an inexpensive off season package thru the airline so we werent expecting anything special. Yes our room was small, but it was clean and comfortable. Given its great location and the fact we barely spent more then an hour or so awake in the room, it was perfect. I would definately stay there again.	
Dec 27 2004	Great Hotel	My friend and I just returned from a wonderful stay over the Christmas holiday at the Royal Horseguards. The lobby was nice and welcoming (cozy fireplace, nice lounge, etc.), as were the staff. We arrived at 7AM and were told that they would not have a non-smoking superior room available until later at the regular check-in time but that they did have a smoking deluxe room with a river view (an upgraded room) on the 8th floor available immediately at no extra charge. We decided to take the upgraded room and were happy to find that the only evidence that this room was a smoking room was the ash tray--no trace of smoke smell in the room or in the hall. The room was wonderful--a perfect size, not too small at all (nice full sized bed, closet, window sitting area, desk, nice-sized bathroom and an entertainment armoire). I have stayed at rooms in New York and Paris that were more expensive and much smaller. We had a great view of the river--there was scaffolding outside the window but it barely obstructed the view. We were happily surprised by the decor in the room--lovely artwork, molding and other appointments--a very English feel. The only issues we had with the room were the heating/air conditioning system--we could never actually figure out how to work it (but then again, we didn't ask for help--maybe our fault) and the bed, it was not terribly comfortable (perhaps just an English peculiarity but it didn't inhibit our sleep). The maid staff was great--no problems. Linens were crisp and white, towels were replaced everyday and glasses and other items were also readily replenished. We called the front desk for ice and it arrived at our door within minutes. The room had supplies for tea, hot cocoa and instant coffee, as well as complimentary shortbread cookies and bottled water (also replenished daily).The coincierge was amazingly helpful. He made reservations for us on short notice for afternoon tea on Christmas Eve day (he actually called around to several places until he was able to secure us a reservation). He even was able to book a tour for us on Christmas Day at 10:30 PM the night before! We couldn't have asked for better service. Just a note, if you do decide to stay at this hotel--sometimes the doormen mind the concierge desk and, while they try to be helpful, they are not nearly as knowledgeable as the actual concierge so be sure to ask for the actual concierge rather than the stand in.As other reviews have noted, the location of the hotel is great--about a block from the Embankment train station and just minutes from other attractions. The one drawback with the location is that it is on a very quiet street around what seemed to be government buildings. There are no cafes, pubs or shops directly next to the hotel. If you want a place where you can step out your door and be in the middle of the action, this place is probably not for you. However, pubs, fast food shops, cafes and resturants were plentiful with just a few minutes walk (around the train station and Trafalgar Square). We did have breakfast at the hotel one day--the buffet was fantastic but VERY pricey--if it is included in your room rate you are getting a great deal but if not, be sure you are happy with the price before you decide to take part (we failed to ask the price, thinking it couldn't be all that much but were a bit stunned to find out the actual price--again, our fault, we should have asked).We would certainly stay at this hotel again. We were very very happy with the accomodations and the service. We booked through an online discount service and got a great deal. Next time, I would request a deluxe room and try to get the breakfast included.	
Dec 14 2004	Great hotel	I've just spent a weekend at the RH and loved it. We arrived at 10 in the morning and our room was ready. Upon reservation we asked for a river view room but were told that they were not available. However, we were pleased to see that we got a beatiful, rather large room with a river view (which, as many other reviewers have pointed out, was obstructed by scaffolding - we didn't mind that).We were only in London for the weekend so we didn't want to spend much time at the hotel, but we had absolutely nothing to complain about. The breakfast was included in our deal and it was okay - nothing special, but lots of choises. The location couldn't be better - close to Covent Garden, underground and buses, the staff was helpful, the beds were comfy and the bathtub and tea and coffee making facilities were nice after a hard day of shopping!Even though I normally go for more modern, minimalistic hotels, this was great and very &quot;Christmas&quot; - fireplace, thick carpets and beautiful christmas trees everywhere. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 12 2004	It's a beautiful elegant hotel BUT BUT BUT	My grandson and I recently spent five days at the hotel and its a beautiful, elegant hotel with touches of bygone eras (fresh floral arrangements and a welcoming fire with comfy seating in the lobby) yet sufficient modernization to satisy the current traveller (adequate lifts, credit card keys, internet access, a wonderful buffet breakfast and a convenient yet quiet location etc)However, when we arrived (about 11AM) we were told that no room in our price class was currently made up but for 20 more pounds nightly we could immediately occupy a more luxurious room with a river view and an extended 2PM instead of 10AM checkout time. (The complete illogic of this did not at that moment occur to me)I went for the upgrade and we received a lovely large room with what should have been a stunning view of the Thames and the London Eye except that the entire front of the hotel was covered with scaffolding. While there was much about the hotel that we enjoyed, the irritations and inconveniences were constant. On two of our four nights there, we were awakened by multiple unanswered phone calls after 1AM and despite my repeated instruction to put NO calls through unless they came from the US we never managed an uninterrupted night's sleep until our last night. OurFri. morning 5:45AM wake-up came at 5AM with a reminder at 6 AM (in addition to two other calls that night) and we were, likewise unable to get this taken out of the system until Sunday. At this point, after multiple complaints about these and other problems (I have never stayed at even a budget motel chain where the maids failed to remove the dirty glasses from the room and supply clean ones daily.) I spoke with a member of the managerial staff who profusely apologized and promised to reduce our bill to atone for some of the inconveniences.Well, the 20 pound upgrade fee was removed and they treated my grandson to a free dessert for his birthday in the lovely lounge restaurant where we had eaten several times. It is important to note however, that while the server was extremely pleasant and polite and the food was well prepared and tasty on two of the three times we ate there we did not get what we ordered. I would expect the staff of what bills itself as a &quot;Four Star Plus&quot; hotel to know the difference between a trifle, a truffle and a beignet. (Note: I ordered the trifle, got the truffle and was billed for the beignet.) However, the promised adjustment was entirely inadequate considering the nature and frequency of the problems.I would like to point out that the woman who promised to &quot;atone&quot; for our unpleasant experiences told me that the &quot;upgrade charge &quot; would have to be suspended for the duration of the construction but, when we were checking out about 1PM, there was the same desk clerk pushing the same &quot; 20 pound, immediate occupancy, river view upgrade&quot; with STILL no mention of the scaffolding. The thought crossed my mind that perhaps he got a commission for each upgrade that he sold.This hotel is NOWHERE near deserving of a &quot;Four Star Plus&quot; rating and if it is as I was told &quot;The Flagship of the London Thistle Hotels&quot; I can only conclude that they must all be over-rated and over-priced.	
Dec 2 2004	Nice hotel good location	We stayed at the Horseguards a few months ago. Both rooms were decent-sized and of good quality. The location is good - being right near Whitehall, Charing Cross station, and the bridge over the Thames to County Hall - London Eye, County Hall, Aquarium, Dali Museum, Saatchi Gallery and more. It's only a 5/10 minute walk to Trafalgar Square.The breakfast was good, staff were pleasant - and would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 29 2004 	Good Location - Beds were like sleeping on broken glass	My husband and I stayed at RHG for 4 nights, Excellent location, on a side street. Standard rooms are very tiny. We moved to a deluxe room - which was non-smoking, this room was great, good size &amp; nicey decorated. The only issue I have is the bed was horrible in the deluxe room. King size was great, but the bed was super soft and I was laying on coils.. I almost called down in the middle of the night to ask for a blanket so I could sleep on the floor!	
Nov 29 2004	Highly recommended	We recently returned from a week-long stay at the Royal Horseguards and would highly recommend this hotel. The staff were very helpful, friendly and courteous. We had an executive room for 2 nights and then a deluxe room for the remainder of our stay and both were very nice. The executive room could have used a bit more space to spread out but both rooms were fine. Nice marble bathroom, plenty of hot water for showers, a comfortable bed, and the nice small touches of a tea-making set in the room and a heated towel bar in the bathroom. The rooms have large windows and high ceilings and while the building is old, everything seemed to be in good shape and quite clean. Continental breakfast was included in our room rate and was sufficient and convenient, though not extensive. We didn't dine at the hotel for any other meals but found the service at breakfast to be efficient and attentive. The location could not be beat -- it was great to be less than 2 blocks from the Tube, and within easy walking distance of so many attractions including Trafalgar Square, the Thames, and even Westminster Abbey a few blocks away. Very safe, quiet area and centrally located. All in all, a great place to spend your time in London.	
Nov 20 2004	Perfect Location	We recently returned from London and stayed at the Royal HorseGuards. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. We did upgrade the room to a river view which was wonderful. There were a few things about the room and hotel that were a little disappointing. The room and hotel seemed a bit &quot;worn.&quot; The funiture and carpet in the lobby were dirty and worn out. The mattress was by far the WORST I have ever had to sleep on. There were no extra blankets or pillows and we would have to request additional towels daily. A side from this the hotel was in a perfect location. We were able to walk to everything or take the underground which was nearby. There was cleaning being done to the side of the building, but we were not affected by this. There is a restaurant on site which we ate one breakfast and dinner. The food was OK. It seemed a bit pricey and the host/waiter was a bit snooty. I did give this hotel an above average rating because the location is perfect and the staff was extremly helpful.	
Nov 17 2004	We loved the RH!	With the exception of a somewhat snooty young woman at the desk when we arrived, everyone on staff at the RH was friendly, helpful and courteous, even when things got busy in the lobby. All the concierge staff went out of their way to give us directions and answer questions. The restaurant staff was generally rushed at breakfast, which was delicious and extensive, but always courteous and attentive. We are great coffee drinkers, and the housekeepers kept us well stocked, in spite of a language difference. Our room was on the 7th floor, overlooking the London Eye. We had to pay considerably more for the view, but were told the price ahead. We had a seven night stay, and having the lovely room and view was worth every pence we paid. In fact, our June stay was so perfect, we are leaving next week to spend Thanksgiving week there. Its proximity to Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden and Soho, the restaurants and museums and churches (Westminster Abby!), the nearby Embankment and Embankment tube station all make its location scenic and convenient. We can't wait to get back!	
Oct 26 2004	Great central location	My wife and I spent September 25 - 29 in London and selected this hotel based on this and other websites. As this was my 1st time in London and my wife's 1st time since college I can't compare this hotel to others but I can say this hotel more than filled our requirements on this trip.Location - as other reviews have stated, the central location of this hotel is it's best attribute. We were short walks to most of London's main attractions - Buckingham Palace, Parliament Buildings, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Covent Garden Market, London Eye, Downing Street, the Theatre disctrict, the Churchill War Bunker, and so on....Somewhat longers walks got us to Harrods, Hyde Park, and the London Museum. The only attractions we saw that were not walking distance (for us, anyways)were Tower of London, Tower Bridge, and St. Paul's Cathedral. And by the way, we actually made it to outside the hotel from Heathrow airport via the Tube! (I wouldn't recommend it if you have lots of luggage but it certainly was by far the cheapest transportation you could ever hope for!)Accomodations - our room was ready early and we gladly checked in after an overnight flight from Toronto. I believe it was a &quot;Deluxe Double&quot; with no river view. Our room faced Whitehall Court which was very quiet. (The desk attendant offered us the river view upgrade for a price but we decided it wasn't worth it.) The room was an ok size for Europe and everything worked well except the shower head (which we were told afterward did work fine, we just should have asked how to use it - our fault for not mentioning it, I guess). We thought the rate was very reasonable considering it included a very nice full breakfast. The building itself is quite striking, very castle-like, and I'm sure will be very impressive when the construction/repairs/cleaning is done and scaffolding is gone. A nice lobby with the glowing fireplace, though nothing glamorous. We didn't try their dining room for supper as there were plenty of places to eat in the area - try Langan's Brasserie - a bit of a stroll but worth it.Highly recommended hotel if you want to walk to most places.	
Oct 26 2004	Great older hotel	Arrived at midnight from Heathrow on Oct 14, 2004. Hotel staff was alert, friendly and accomodating. When I booked the room with the Thistle 800 number they could not reserve a room with a Thames River view. This was accomplished with no problem on check in. I was aware that there was a L 20 premium for the rooms on the Thames side and this is what was quoted on check in. We were offered the choice of a non-smoking floor, which we took, even though advised that the smoking room was higher up and had a better view. However, when we got to our room and looked out of the window the view was truly spectacular. We could see the lit up Eye of London, OXO Tower, Millenium Bridge and other sights. I don't know what could have been better. The staff responded promptly, cheerfully and politely to our every request: extra towels, turn off the heat (open the windows), arange a taxi, etc. The included full English breakfast was excellent, alhtough some of the choices were not what an American would think of as breakfast food (baked beans). There was a wide variety of choices and all were tasty.The location was the best. Right near all of the sight seeing spots and/or the tube system to get to others now within convenient walking distance.I would stay there again and recomend this hotel to anyone who asks. The river view side is well worth the extra charge.	
Oct 8 2004	The "Class System" Still Lingers In The Air	I am of 2 minds about the RH. Beautiful hotel, polite enough staff, helpful concierge--but I can't help feeling that we went to a fine restaurant and were given a table by the kitchen. I purposefully booked through the hotel's own website, and not from a discount or room consolidator, only to find out down the line that I had some sort of &quot;super-saver&quot; rate anyway, which can often mean one step up from a cot in the basement. The website plainly stated breakfast included, but the confirmation notice said &quot;Room Only&quot;...Their error, so eventually they did cough up Continental breakfast. There's a little game they play at check-in--They assign you a room in a section undergoing refurbishment, and hint that for a little extra dough you can get the room you thought you had booked in the first place. So after a 20 Pound (per night) bribe, my &quot;deluxe&quot; room became a &quot;deluxe&quot; room with a river view. Actually, it's more like a river &quot;glimpse&quot;, from the bottem floor, blocked by trees, with a balcony full of rubbish and French doors that can't be opened. And no working phone, no top sheet on the bed--my wife noted, it's almost as if the room wasn't intended to be occupied. Personally, I just think it was a second-class room intended for what they considered to be &quot;second-class people&quot;. The impression was that unless you're wealthy, important and well-connected, you're going to feel--and be treated--like an outsider, someone trying to live &quot;above their station&quot;. And God help you if you choose to pay the balance in cash (or worse yet--gasp--travelers' checks). Even though I paid in full, in advance, I felt as if I'd offered to pay in buffalo teeth or something, because I didn't whip out my VIP Diamond Platinum Plus card or whatever. I guess that's why they never turned the phone on, because I couldn't be trusted not to run up extra charges...? This critique may sound a bit overly harsh, since all and all we did have a (reasonably) enjoyable stay...It's just that there are hotels where guests are welcomed, and then there are hotels where guests are &quot;admitted&quot;. Maybe it's just that when you make it a point to speak softly, be polite, tip well, and dress for breakfast and dinner (amidst a sea of dirty sneakers and t-shirts) you just expect a bit better.	
Sep 24 2004	Great Hotel plus Fantastic Location	The hotel was great. We stayed there at the start of September for 3 nights for our honeymoon. They upgraded us to a deluxe suite as we were on our honeymoon. We could not fault the hotel at all, apart from the works that was going on, on the outside of the building, which spolied views etc, as there was scaffolding up, but we were out most of the time, so it didn't ruin the honeymoon. Great location, close to all attractions. Highly recommend.	
Sep 23 2004	What view??	At least the person from Alabama had a view. In July 2004 one whole side of this hotel was covcered with plastic sheeting/scaffolding, so we could not open the windows or have any view. Too bad. If they had told us this, or asked if we wanted a riverview, i would have a better feel about the place. Otherwise, service was fine.	
Sep 21 2004	Great hotel	We stayed at the Royal Horseguards at the end of August. What a fantastic location! We could literally walk to many tourist attractions and the West End theatres. If we were going to someplace farther away, the Embankment underground station is minutes away.We had 2 executive rooms which were small but elegant. We also had one deluxe room which was also small but had some additional luxuries in the room. Our rooms were very quiet, however, we did not have a river view. The hotel staff was very helpful and the breakfast buffet offered plenty of selections.While this was by no means a luxury hotel by U.S. standards, we were very pleased with it overall. We paid 78GBP per night per room, which made this hotel a real steal for us. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 22 2004	A Champion Hotel	We will vouch for the rave reviews already listed here. Our room was spacious (even with the sofa bed unfolded) comfortable and clean. We were not charged for our 12 year old's bed or breakfast, so the total of 100 pounds a night for an upgraded room was reasonable.The location is just as described - draw a circle from the London Eye to Big Ben to St. James Park to Trafalgar Square, and you'll find the Royal Horseguards in the center of it. A nice little park sits between the hotel and the river. The government buildings in the area keep things quiet and secure - you are only a block or so from New Scotland Yard. Staff was well trained, always available and helpful. Only two drawbacks -stone cleaning on the exterior keeps a flood of water flowing against some windows at night, and the fire alarm went off on its own one evening - thank goodness for those lovely terrycloth robes! Would definitely recommend this hotel for a London visitor. Check special offers on the Thistle website, and pay the extra pounds for an upgraded room.	
Aug 16 2004	Royal Horseguards	When booking, I had requested a quiet room with a river view; upon arrival I had to persuade the receptionist to honour this. He gave us a twin room (with the beds &quot;zipped&quot; together) on the seventh floor, which had a pleasing view of the London Eye, and down (or is it up?) river towards St Pauls. As some reviewers have noted, health and safety restrictions mean that you are unable to open the windows. Unfortunately the air conditioning system was rather basic and extremely noisy. So, during a hot, sticky night, we had the choice of deafening noise or clammy air. Otherwise, the room was OK; it wasn't particularly large, despite being an &quot;executive&quot; - indeed, I kept on banging my knee on a bed corner! The walls also seemed quite thin, which meant we could hear everything (and I mean everything.... I won't go into details here!!) that was going on in the next door room.The hotel itself is fine. The staff seemed to be generally helpful, although I was irritated by the mumbling receptionist who checked us in.The breakfast was fine, if not exceptional. There's the usual hot stuff, and a fair range of continental. Depending on what time you arrive, you can strike lucky or unlucky with where you get seated. On one day we ended up miles away in what looked like a conference room, which meant that tea / coffee refills weren't quite as plentiful.One of the best things about the hotel is its location, slap bang in Whitehall, a stone's throw from Trafalgar Sqare and Westminster. I would recommend going for a stroll over the footbridge by Embankment station, from where you can get some nice river views (including those of the hotel itself) on your way over to the energetic South Bank.Your perception of this hotel will depend on what kind of deal you have. I would recommend that you barter with the receptionist to get a river view, and a quieter room, as it would seem that lower floors can be noisy.	
Aug 12 2004	Excellent hotel FANTASTIC LOCATION	I thoroughly enjoyed my three night stay at the Royal Horseguards from 31 Jul to 3 Aug. First of all, the air conditioner was very welcome on our hot summer visit. The location is fantastic: less than a block away is the embankment tube station, and right up from that is Villiers Street with tons of excellent but moderately-priced restaurants. The hotel restaurant/bar is great as well--especially the breakfast. The views from the river rooms are beautiful--and though one reviewer wrote of noise from the train station next to the hotel, it is barely audible, certainly not enough to keep one awake at night. Also, the largest standard hotel rooms I have seen in Europe. Overall, a fantastic experience.	
Aug 8 2004	GREAT DEAL GREAT HOTEL	We just returned from our 7-night say at the Royal Horseguards. We were there the first week of August. It is still under construction but only affects the outside. The hotel lobby is lovely. We were treated like royalty. We arrived in London very early in the a.m. and stopped by to check our luggage. We were fortunate they had a room ready to check in. Our room was an exec. Twin on the 5th floor. courtyard view.We could not choose non-smoking but noticed no ash trays, smelled very clean as if it was non smoking. It was a huge room. We didn’t mind the bad view we were glad to open the windows. Most of the street side we unable to open due to construction. The beds were very comfortable. There is a free in room safe and pants press, hair dryer. Beautiful marble bathroom, great water pressure for the shower. Very quite. Construction was always late morning after we left. Never affected us. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We bought tickets for some events and they always had maps and suggestions. We had the continental breakfast with the room price. Very nice fresh fruits, cereal, croissants etc.. With London being so expensive right now it was great to have a “free”meal.This hotel is located close to everything. A 2-minute walk to Embankment tube. A 5-minute walk to great pubs, coffee and sandwich shops on Villers St. and The Strand. A 5-minute walk to Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery. Then your only 10 minutes to Leicester and Piccadilly. You can walk to Buckingham Palace in 15 minutes. You can basically walk, tube, and bus to anywhere in London!!We felt very safe and enjoyed our stay. I would definitely stay here again. We booked through American Airlines and got a great deal. My guess due to construction there rates are discounted!!	
Aug 8 2004	Great hotel and location	Just returned from a weeks stay in London. Booked this hotel through American Airlines package and couldn't be happier. We were travelling with a child so requested a triple. Our first room was fine, but smallish with no view. We checked at the front desk and for 20 pounds per night we were upgraded to a beautiful room with 2 french doors providing Thames River view looking at bridge and the London Eye. Bathroom was big, with separate tub/shower and heated towel rack.Rooms contained a minibar, laptop access, tv, iron/board, 3 phones, etc. All the comforts of home. We had a king bed and a sofa bed for the child which was fine. Continental breakfast was included which had all kinds of fruit, pastries, cereal, cheese, coldcuts. There was a full breakfast available, but we were fine with this. This is an older, historic building which has been refurbished and is charming. There is a lounge off the main lobby with a piano player every night. Very relaxing to sit and have tea or whatever.The location is great. One minute to the Embankment tube stop and Charing Cross Railroad Station. You are 5 minutes walking distance to Trafalagar Square, 10 minutes to Covent Garden, 15 minutes to Leicester and Picadilly Square. You can walk across the bridge and be at the London Eye in 10 minutes and all the attractions on that side of the river. Don't waste your money on expensive cabs. Go to the Embankment Tube stop and buy a pass. There is an assitance desk to get tickets and they will give you advice/map on how to get all over the city. It is very easy and cost effective so don't be put off. You can be just about anywhere in under 20 minutes. There are many good restaurants in walking distance, so don't confine yourself to the hotel. Enjoy- you won't be sorry.	
Jul 10 2004	Enjoyed our Stay at the Royal Horseguards	My wife, grandaughter and I spent 8 nights at the hotel the last of June, first of July. We were very happy with the room, large for 3 of us, and staff. Unfortunately the exterior is being cleaned so there is plastic over the windows and no direct view outside. We found this to be a very minor problem because daylight still entered and we didn' plan on spending our days in the room.The hotel is located perfectly for reasonable walks around London and we suggest you learn quickly how to use the Tube since the Embankment Station is less than a block away. Once you master the Tube, there is nothing you can't get to in the whole of London and very quickly.We strongly recommend the The Royal Horseguards and were very impressed with the size of the room and staff.	
Jun 30 2004	Great Location	Stayed at the Horseguards for 7 nights from June 15-June 22. Reserved a deluxe twin with breakfast included. Room was small, but in the newer section and quiet. We asked to be upgraded and for an additional 20 pounds per night this was done for us 2 days later to a beautiful twin room overlooking the river(some road noise on the front view). The breakfast was tasty and well presented. The staff was helpful and friendly. All in all a nice hotel and considering that London is now the 2nd most expensive city in the world not a bad price-97 pounds per night, excluding tax. The location is absolutely fantastic and very close to the tube station and Trafalgar square. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 25 2004	Central location Beautiful Architecture	Marvelous place to stay in London. We booked tru Globus Travel and everything was taken careof for us. Breakfast was included. Although its always the same food: croissant, stickybuns, cereals, yogurts, fruits salad, coldcuts, cheese, scrambled eggs, backbacon, beans in tomato sauce, hashbrowns...Eating a big breakfast may save you a lunch.Everything is very expensive: 10-12Pounds per meal thats 25$cnd... each.Our room was cozy, 2 single beds, large bathroom with heated towel rack, trouser press.Concierge was very helpful and made all our reservations for us; theater, excursions, (stonehenge touching the stones by Premium Tours is a must).This hotel is very old and charmy and HUGE. It appears in almost every picture of London for its just in front of the London Eye.The tube Embankment is two steps away, and 10min walk up the street to Trafalgar square, another 10 min to Piccadilly. Other Thistle hotel look nice but Horseguards is quiet and central to every major attraction. 	
May 31 2004	Great Location Helpful Staff Well Appointed Rooms	I wish there was a category between above average and exellent as this is where I think this hotel should be rated, but it was much closer to excellent than above average for us. We stayed May 22 - 24 and had two large, well appointed rooms with interior courtyard view that was not very attractive but also not important enough to us to upgrade. I strongly recommend the Royal Horseguards based on my experiences as follows. First, location is great, a 5 minute walk to either Tralfagar Square or Westminister or the London double-decker sightseeing buses (recommended) and 2 minute walk to Royal Horseguards, Downing street. Second, the rooms were wonderful. The rooms we had (1 twin, 1 triple) were very large by UK standards, finely appointed with two comfortable beds, love seat, coffe table, desk, marble bath, mini-frig, coffee maker, heated towel racks,room safe, and luxurious matching drapes and bed coverlets. There were little things that might annoy some such as chipped paint on some of the wood waste baskets and wood trim in the bathroom, although I thought this minor given the ambiance of this older hotel. Third, the staff was very friendly and helpful to my family. Fourth, the buffet breakfast served every morning was excellent. FYI, they're renovating the exterior so there is scaffolding blocking a nice view of the exterior. The only negative was that during our stay in London, a black trael wallet with our airline tickets disappeared. I am not 100% certain whether the theft occurred at the hotel or on my way to the hotel when I was overburdened with luggage, however a CD player disappeared from the 2nd room which makes me more suspicious that there may be a thief among the room staff. After the incident, I put everything of value in the room safe and never had any other problem. I would strongly recommend the Royal Horseguards to visitors and intend to stay with them again the next time I visit London. I booked my rooms directly through the Thistle Hotel website as Thistle hotels guarantee the same low web rate available from other website sites (I double checked and they were the same rates offered by Expedia). 	
May 24 2004	Perfect Location Less than Perfect Accommodations	We stayed there from May 5-17, 2004. We chose this hotel due to it's ideal location-- right on the Thames river, one block from the nearest tube (Embankment), and within a few blocks of many restaurants and attractions (Buckingham Palace, Regents Park, London Eye, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square, and many museums). The hotel also offers a great full breakfast buffet, so if you are on a budget, be sure get that included in the rate. Given the exhorbant cost of food (the dollar is pathically weak as of this writing), all the meals will surely add up.On the down side, the hotel rooms are not that great. We stayed for 12 nights and stayed in 3 different rooms: a &quot;coutyard view&quot;, a front view and the River View. If you can get a higher up room (7th and above), river side, you'll be happier. Don't be fooled by the cheap courtyard rooms. The &quot;courtyard&quot; is really the ugly interior of the building with nothing to look at but more of the building and lots of trash. We asked for another room and got the front view for 20 extra pounds a night. The front view is currently partially obstructued by scaffolding (and noisy contruction workers), so don't choose that room until the major renovation is done. The river is great, if noisy, but on the 7th floor it's not les noisy (and the view is better). It costs an extra 20 pounds per night (or $40) to gaurantee a deluxe river view room, and well worth it. Don't just show up and try your luck-- you won't have any! I recommend calling the hotel directly and NOT relying on a travel agent or web site for this room.The shower in the River view room was pretty bad, but the it was better in the other rooms. Also, the beds were very lumpy. No pillowtops here! But I overheard another couple saying the newly renovated rooms on the north side have new furniture, so maybe those beds are better. You can ask.On a side note, it's hard to get healthy green vegatables in this city. If you're only in town for a few days, no biggie. But a week or longer, the body needs more than scones and crepes. Thai to the rescue! We located a good Thai restaurant a few blocks away, across from Trafalgar Square (Thai Square on Cockspur Street). You can order a whole plate of brocolli in oyster sauce and, fresh or not, it never tasted better, let me tell you.Have fun.	
May 19 2004	Terrific Location older hotel beware of street noise	My wife and I just returned from London and our stay at the Royal Horseguards hotel. Having utilized this website and its reviews of this hotel in picking this location, I feel it is my responsibility to add my own review, thoughts etc. We arrived in London on May 11th at 10:00am, after an overnight flight from Charlotte, NC. As is the custom in most London hotels, (as I found out later) the room was not going to be ready until 2:00pm, so we left our luggage and wandered around a bit. The hotel is located on the Thames River, directly across from the world famous London eye observation wheel. In addition, Parliament, Big Ben and Westminster Abbey are just a 5-minute walk to the West. Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus and Covenant Gardens are just a 10-minute walk to the East. The official residence of the Prime Minister, 10-Downing Street is approx 1-block away, so as you can imagine, security cameras are everywhere, making this area extremely safe. The Embankment Station subway is literally 100-yards from the hotel and I have to say, is extremely user friendly. You can get nearly everywhere that a tourist would want to go via the &quot;tube&quot; in pretty short order. Once we returned to hotel to check in and were shown to our room, I was very disappointed. The room was old, and not up to the standards that I had expected. After reading numerous reviews on this site describing the hotel and its rooms, I thought I had a pretty good understanding of what to expect. However, as I discovered, the hotel is very old, and in the process of a major exterior renovation ( the entire front of the hotel is covered in scaffolding) I hope that renovation continues into the interior as well. The first thing we noticed was that the room was hot and stuffy. Attempts to cool the room were futile, as the &quot;vent&quot; fan was not working. Also the in-room iron did not work, and the room was much darker and &quot;old&quot; looking than their website photos show. Having paid for an Executive Double room, the second highest rate room below a suite, I definitely expected more. As this was my 10-year wedding anniversary trip, I immediately went to the front desk to request a new room. We had booked a weeks stay, and there was no way I was going to stay in this room for 6-nights. As the hotel was fully booked for that evening, the hotel staff indicated they could not move us until the following day. Inquiring why I wanted to move, I mentioned the above items, as well as the fact that the noise coming from the train station just below our room and the cars along the main street was really quite loud. Unfortunately, all rooms that have a &quot;view&quot; as ours did are located on the river side of the hotel and there is no way to escape the noise. If you have trouble sleeping when it's noisy, DO NOT book a room with a river view or facing the river. Even earplugs did little to mask the noise that first evening. Noting my issue with the traffic noise, the hotel indicated that ALL river facing rooms would have that problem, and that we could move to a room on the opposite street, however, we opted to stay with the river view and they moved us further away from the train station. This helped with the noise but did not eliminate it. However, this room was much more what I had expected. Large, very tall ceilings, brightly painted, ceiling molding, a thermostat controlled air conditioner (and it worked very well), marble floors in the bathroom, separate shower and tub, overall a much nicer experience. Why we were placed in the other room to begin with I still don't understand. However, despite this room being much nicer than the other, it still has its own issues. There were numerous cracks along the ceiling and walls that ran through the molding, an indication that the hotel was still shifting and settling. Some of the bathroom paint was old and flaky, and the separate shower had minimal water pressure, despite having four additional side jets as well as the normal top one. Breakfast was included in the price of our room and I would recommend making sure you get this as well. To say breakfast was included is an understatement. This is NOT a continental breakfast, but a huge buffet. Eggs, large sausage links, ham, oatmeal, fruits, juices, cereal, pork and beans, pastries, more than I can mention. Definitely a good deal and a great way to start the day. Overall our stay was very enjoyable despite the initial problems. While I don't expect to stay at the Ritz, be aware that a four star hotel in London is not the same as a four star hotel in New York. The location is fantastic, central to everything and a great way to experience your stay in London. However, be aware that this location is very noisy if staying on the river side of the hotel. The front of the hotel, located on the opposite side, is very quite, void of any traffic or street noise and should provide an ideal room for those who like to sleep, although you will see nothing from your window but scaffolding. I hope this review helps those planning a trip in the near future. Should you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.	
May 1 2004	Eye Eye	My friend and I stayed at the hotel in March. Initially they could not give us the non-smoking room, with a river view, that we had booked but offered us an upgrade to a deluxe smoking room on one of the higher floors. We went to inspect. There was a river view - if you were over 7 ft tall! We didn't accept and eventually were offered a lovely room with a superb view, through french windows, over the landscaped gardens and the Thames towards the Eye. Unfortunately, due to Health and Safety, the windows could not be opened. The bathroom was small and a little tatty. However, the staff were very friendly, the restaurant spotless and the food superb. All in all, it is great value for money and an excellent location.	
Apr 29 2004	Great location. Good value good service good food	This hotel is great. You wouldn't believe how close it is to all the action, yet how quiet it is and uncrowded. We get to London 3 or 4 times a year and have stayed at the Royal Horseguards for the past 5 or 6 years.If you don't like your room, ask to change it. And for a price (we're cheap, but we always spring for this) you can get a room with a river view. Sometimes it's even a suite!Great buffet. Nice dining room. Nice room service. All the amenities. If you go on a package tour, you might get an inside room that's on the small side, but I would go and pay the extra for the river view rooms. Some of the bathrooms even have a view!If you're looking for great location, reasonable price for a really nice place...look no further!	
Apr 14 2004	Fantastic hotel	EASTER 2004 IN LONDONWe have just had a wonderful stay at The Royalhorse Guards hotel London. The hotel room overlooked the Thames,and from the sitting room we could see St Pauls cathedral, and the millennium wheel,both of which looked fantastic in the night sky.excellent service. excellent location &quot;BEST IN LONDON&quot;. excellent value for money.FANTASTIC EASTER BREAK FOR OUR FAMILY	
Apr 13 2004	Great stau	We had a wonderful stay at the Horseguards on March 23 &amp;24. Because we had a bit of a wait for the room to be ready they upgraded us to a superior room, and it was indeed superior. The room was huge, and it overlooked the River Thames and the London Eye. The bathroom was extremely large with both a tub and a shower stall with 6 showers jets. Service was great and very friendly. The locations was super, with the Embankment tube station right around the corner. Restaurants and pubs were nearby on Whitehall or the Embankment area. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 9 2004	Great experience great hotel great location!!!	We just got back after spending four nights in April 2004 at this property in London. We booked based on the favourable reviews in TripAdvisor.com. We stayed in room 210 and although it had no view the room was huge by any standards! The room had 12 foot ceilings, a/c, tub and shower with water pressure that would easily take the skin off a peach and a heated towel bar. There was a sitting area with a couch and coffee table, plus a writing desk with an internet connection. We booked about 4 months in advance via the internet and paid 110 pounds per night, including the taxes and a full breakfast each morning. We arrived at 2:00am and were warmly greeted and whisked to our room. The next morning we were greeted and seated in the dining room for breakfast. It was a buffet style with the best sausages I have ever tasted. The coffee was plentiful and the servers were smiling and accommodating. It was a great experience and the concierge arranged to have a transformer delivered to the room when my converter failed me in order to charge the batteries for my digital camera. We have stayed at other hotels in London, but this is the best one so far. The location is two blocks from the Parliament Buildings and the Millenium Wheel is across the Thames River.	
Apr 9 2004	Fabulous location and hotel!	I have been to London 3 other times, staying in Knightsbridge and the Russell Square area. Wanting to try a new location, I picked this hotel because of a GREAT deal they were offering through their website. Not only was it the best hotel I've stayed at in London but it was also the best location -- close to mostly everything! I only had to take the Tube twice, the other times being able to walk to my destinations. It is close to Trafalgar Square and the West End area, Piccadilly Circus and the Regent Street shopping area, St. James Park, and the Thames, which allows for easy access to the Southbank and Southwark. I would MOST definitely stay at this Thistle hotel again.	
Mar 2 2004	Wonderful hotel and location	My sister and planned a trip to London since September. She had booked everything online so we were hoping for the best. Well this hotel was great. Hotel staff was friendly. We loved the location to the tube station and walking distance from alot of attractions. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.	
Jan 7 2004	Great Value but with Deferred Maintenance Problems	After a four night stay over Christmas 2003 at the Royal Horse Guards my assessment is that the hotel is a good value in a great location but there are problems with deferred maintenance issues that keep it from being a true &quot;4-star&quot; hotel.For our 105 pound rate, we had a nice quiet room on the second floor. The room was very comfortable with a marble floor in the foyer leading to a high-ceiling bed chamber finished with crown molding and decorative millwork. The room had all the expected amenities of a 4 star hotel included high-speed wireless internet access, a mini-bar, iron and ironing board, hair dryer, and a heated towel rack. There was also a complimentary tea service with ginger biscuits.We found the housekeeping service somewhat lacking as we only had 2 towels, 1 washcloth, and 1 bathrobe. Also the maid ignored our &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and attempted to come in to service the room when we were sleeping.I was disappointed to see a number of areas in the hotel that were poorly maintained. The lobby had a nice fireplace but upon closer inspection, you could see the upholstery on the fender was worn and split and the stuffing was coming out. The wood paneling in the elevators was scarred and gouged. There were spots where the paint was missing in the hallway leading to our room.The breakfast that was included in our 105 pound room rate was generous if uninspiring. With all the great restaurants in London now (The Ivy, fish!, Zafferano, Rules, and Mezzo to name just a few) there is no reason to eat at the hotel.Given the great location and good price, the deferred maintenance problems were not a big issue and I would stay there again. However, had I been paying the rack rate of 328 pounds (and I doubt anyone does) the slipshod level of caretaking would be unacceptable.	
Jan 5 2004	Fantastic hotel 	Stayed at the Royal Horseguards from 24-28 December 2003... as it was the Christmas holiday, the hotel was not terribly busy, so it was nice and quiet. EXCELLENT room on the 3rd floor, HUGE compared to other London hotels I've stayed in (size of room is about equal to one at the Four Seasons on Park Lane). Bed was a little bit lumpy, but that is the only bad thing I can say about this hotel. EXCELLENT location, right next to Embankment tube station, easy to walk to most sites in central London - all for 109 quid a night. I have stayed there before and I will stay there again. Tremendous - highly recommended to all.	
Jan 4 2004	Great Experience	This was our first trip to London. The location was great. We were 2 minutes from the tube station and were a short walk from Westminster Abbey, Parliment, Picadilly, and several other attractions. Our room faced the London Eye and we had a great view of the New Years fireworks. We couldn't have asked for more on our first trip overseas.	
Jan 4 2004	Xmas in London	My husband, my 15 year old daughter and I went to London for Xmas 2003. Left on 12/20 and came back on 12/27. We stayed at the Royal Horse hotel. This location was great, everything in walking distance, and the people at the hotel were outstanding. The only bad thing about London was the food, the hotel food was ok, but outside the hotel London food is plain, and the pasteries are just as plain. Everything was closed on 24, 25 and limited on the 26, so I don't recommend going to London over Christmas. I highly suggest taking a dinner cruse on the Theme River, this was outstanding and the food was good. We did a day trip to Paris, I suggest if you go to Paris stay overnight, so you have two days to enjoy Paris. The food in Paris was great. We didn't make it to any of the Markets in London, but I hear they are great for shopping. Harold is outstanding for shopping, but very, very expensive. Remember American Money is worth less in London, so example if you cash in $1,000.00 of US money, it's only worth $500.00 in London money, so make sure you plan correctly. The bus system in London is very confusing, but the underground was easy, so I recomend you buy a Vistor Travel Card, which allows you to get on and off any underground and bus, but you have to buy the Vistor Travel Card in the US, not available in London, go to Britsh Travel web site to buy one. Great sites to see in London is the Wax Museum, Shakespear Globe, Tower of London, and Buckingham Palace-if you see changing of the guards, get there around 11:00 am, so your not standing around to long, it's very long and boring, but neat to see the guards and the little parade.	
Jan 1 2004	Great Location Great Hotel	For our first trip to London, this hotel's location could not be better. Only a few blocks from the Royal Horseguards (as the name implies) Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Westminister Abbey, 2 blocks the closest tube station and the Theater District. The head concierge is very helpful, the full breakfast buffet offered in the on-line room rate is a huge cost savings. Request a river view room. A 4 star hotel we found at a 2 star rate! Electric switch to open the curtains to a great view, a full bath with a heated towel rack, pant press, marbled hallway and classic furnishings. A full London experience!	
Dec 21 2003	Disappointed on our third visit	We expected to be impressed on our third visit to what used to be our favourite London hotel. We heard about it through the Liberal Club housed next door, Alas, not this time. Don't stay on the 9th Floor! It was an Executive Double. The windows didn't fit snugly and the draught caused the nets to billow. The bed was a very small double and the springs felt lumpy. There were some nasty stains on the carpet and we only had one bathrobe. Were we meant to share it? No lovely antique furniture in this room or gorgeous drapes or a luxury bedspread. It got worse over dinner. The food was mediocre too. This is a great shame because the hotel's location is superb. A short walk to some of the great sites of London. The staff are always helpful and friendly..... they were this time too. Only the room was gruesome... so we won't be coming again. May be we were upgraded on previous visits.. if we were we weren't told about it.	
Dec 8 2003	Great Hotel		
Oct 10 2003	Wow! Location Location Location		
Sep 29 2003	Should be the number 1 hotel in London		
Sep 10 2003	Great hotel for the price!		
Aug 13 2003	Needs better management		
Jul 28 2003	Worth a Go		
Jul 22 2003	What a pleasant stay!		
Jul 11 2003	Incredible Hotel		
Jun 12 2003	A++++		
Dec 19 2002	Lovely Room and a Great Location		
Oct 26 2009 	ideale		
Oct 23 2009 	Simplemente perfecto....!!!!!!		
Sep 29 2009 	Gran hotel y muy buena ubicación		
Sep 23 2009 	excellent séjour		
Aug 31 2009 	Magnifique etablissement		
Aug 29 2009 	?????????		
Jun 8 2009 	Eigentlich gut aber...		
Jun 8 2009 	Excelente hotel cumplió todas mis expectativas.		
Feb 10 2009 	Perfecta ubicación y estupendo hotel tras la reforma		
Dec 27 2008 	A dir poco fantastico!		
Jan 2 2008 	Bien con algun pero		
