	Super views reasonably priced	Stayed at the Tower for one night on business due to an overnight function in London.The view from some of the rooms or the front of the hotel over Tower Bridge, especially at night, is something to see. Room was comfortable if not a little small but for the rate paid that was fine. Breakfast in the morning was plentiful with a good selection of hot and cold.Check-out was quick on this occasion - have known it to be slower.	
Nov 25 2009 	Stunning location	Only 4 out of 5 for this hotel as the room we were in was a little dusty. A little more care from the cleaning staff and it would be well worth a 5. Stunning views of Tower Bridge and the Thames from our room. Brasserie excellent. Will use again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Overpriced pretention	I stayed here a few years ago when it was a Thistle hotel (Guoman is a Thistle brand) and things have not changed much. I stayed in a 'refurbished' room - scuffed skirting, scruffy windows and torn curtains suggest that it may have been some gtime again. Typical of a lot of London hotels is the overpriced poor value for money rooms. Since my previous visit I normally stay at one of the nearby hotels in Tower Hill, and will be doing so again - when they have rooms available, which is why I stayed here thsi time	
Nov 19 2009 	ENJOYED VISIT	My wife and I are just back from a four day stay. We had a double room on the first floor overlooking St Katherines dock. The room was a good size, very clean with good view.The breakfast was also really good, we only had to wait one morning for about 5 minutes, for the size of the hotel this was acceptable. The hotel itself was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpfull. St Katherines dock has a number of nice restaurants although we left the Dickens Inn when we saw mice. If you cross the tower bridge plenty of eating places on the other side. Good location with great view of the bridge, handy for the tube (10 minutes walk). Nice walk along the Thames onto Covent Garden. Crossed a bridge nice walk back on the other side. Yes we were most impressed by the hotel and the area and would definately return.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great Location great service	Stayed on business. Have to compliment you on the business service centre. Top class.Will definately be back on next trip over.	
Nov 14 2009 	Some rooms too small to stay in	Went here for a week long conference. Had booked as part of the conference deal. I must have ended up in the smallest room possible. The double bed literally touched both walls, and there was no room for my bag. My colleagues who paid the same rate were in massive king rooms. When I requested a room change, they tried to charge me extra! In the end I paid the same rate thankfully after I asked for the manager.Hotel location is amazing. Right next to London bridge and the tower. Good pub 1 min away, restaurants also. Inclusive brekky was quite good; but very busy. Conference facilities excellent. Good bar, and gym was not bad. Rooms themselves a little aged but comfortable.If you can get a good rate, stay here; but realistically you are paying for the location.	
Nov 12 2009 	Quite good actually but could be better for breakfast	First of all You will have a very good deal with this hotel...as they always proposed good prices and often 2+1 night formule! For the price you pay, its good value! Very nice 4* rooms ( very quiet )and with an outstanding view on the thames...Its really nice to get back to this very nice hotel after a day of sightseeing or business..The hall and reception are impressive...They are really friendly and very customer orientated ...I do not have anything wrong to say about the service! The only downside (and its sad cause the rest is perfect )is the breakfast..Not that its bad , but I have seen better in the same category of hotel..Not a very large choice and seems greasy...The location is quite good close to Tower hill station and in front of tower Bridge and Tower of london...and loads of restaurants and bars nearby...Will I recommend it for tourists and Businessmen???Sure...Shame about the average breakfast cause the rest is excelent	
Nov 12 2009 	Love this hotel!	This was the second stay for me, my husband and 9-year old, and we're going back in December. We found the staff fantastic - on our first visit it was our daughter's birthday and they rang our room to ask if she was allowed chocolates, or would we prefer her to have fruit? Not only thoughtful, but very parent-friendly approach! She was delighted when a box of beautifully-wrapped chocolates was hand-delivered to our door. We didn't eat in the dining room but had breakfast brought up on room service each time, at no extra charge, and each time it's been great - hot, well-cooked and good quality. Perhaps an alternative for those not happy with the buffet? It's now our regular hotel for London trips.	
Nov 9 2009 	nice room shame about the breakfast	We arrived on friday late afternoon and the reception was choc a block with guests queuing to book in but the receptionist was pleasant and we upgraded to a lovely room with views over the thames .we had been promised a bottle of wine for upgrading but as it had not been delivered two hours later we phoned and were told it would be sent up but as we were leaving for the theatre we looked forward to a nightcap when we returned but on our return at 11 it had still not been delivered and only after getting in touch with the desk did it finally arrive.We were disappointed with the breakfast after standing in a queue for some 10 minutes we found the buffet breakfast to be luke warm and had to ask twice for bread for toast also seemed to be too few waiters to fill up the various pots as they also ran out of jam.all in all for a 4 star disappointing	
Nov 9 2009 	The only thing the tower has to offer is a good location	Not good value for money. Breakfast terrible: Don't waste your tome going; you’d be better off going to starbucks across the road! Asked for an executive suite with a view of the tower: got a horrible old smokey room even though it had been stated on the website that it was renovated and was non smoking. Eventually was put in the 5th floor which has just been done up which was ok but had no view. Gym not working, staff not properly trained and overall hotel dirty. Very disappointed.	
Nov 3 2009 	Pluses and minuses	It was my first trip to England and, although there on business, I could not have been more excited. I was in Reading during the week, but my kind travel agent moved me to The Tower Hotel Friday night as I didn't return to the States until Sunday. It being Friday, night, the check-in desk was swamped with too few people to help, so it was a long process, Then I was taken to my room.I was there during a heat wave. I was given a Tower Room. The view of the Tower was wonderful, although a bit hard to see through windows with grimy children's hand prints on them. I room was done in metro-chic and could have been in any city. Boring! And, the room was HOT, very HOT and the temperature could not be adjusted. When I called maintenance, one person did come up, but never returned. Finally, at 3 a.m. I went to reception in my robe--hey, they'll never see me again--asking for help. The staff was very nice and we checked several rooms, but they were no better. Finally, they upgraded me to a suite, which was down a dark hall, overlooked St. Catharine's Wharf, was in definite need of refurbishing, but still had English charm, although the internet did not work from that room, was COOL! And the bed was marvelous. I looked at their dinner menus, but everything seemed very heavy, so I wandered out. Breakfast, on Saturday, down in their cafe, was dreadful. Buffet style with runny eggs and under-ripe fruit. The saving grace is that the staff were wonderful. On my final morning, I was ready far earlier than need be for my plane, so they found me a tour driver who took me on a wonderful 2-hour drive around early, empty Sunday-morning London. Would I stay at the Tower again? Probably not.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great location poor quality breakfast	Stayed for 3 days at the end of Oct. Ate in The Brassierie each night. Food was good, but pricey. Room was clean, but had 3 single beds making it cramped. Hard to get to window to see the nice view! Service and staff were all very good. The only disappointment was the buffet style breakfast. The food was rock hard, never got a fried egg that wasn't rubbery, and the bacon was not worth getting as it was so dried out. Also only had BT openzone wifi, no free wifi which is fast becoming as basic as TV...	
Oct 27 2009 	Excellent	My partner and I stayed at &quot;The Tower&quot; for 1 night. We stayed on the fifth floor, room 565 to be exact and found the hotel to be very clean and tidy. Our room was recently refurbished and was very pleasant with many mod cons, particularly good was the underfloor heating within the bathroom area.My only comment with regards to the room would be that the windows did seem slightly unstable but nevertheless this had no impact on our stay and did not spoil the spectacular view of tower briidge. Plus first thing in the morning it did seem slightly loud at times, you coud clearly hear cleaners conversations, domestic appliances etc.I also highly recommend the hotel in terms of friendly and knowledgeable staff, in particular the concierge team. Lovely hotel, highly recommended and invevitable I'll stay again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Beautiful view but definitely needs repair.	Beautifully located near Tower Bridge with views on river or St. Catherine docks. Some repair should be done soon. Bathroom not so clean as it could be. Water-tap moving in every direction. Windows very old and I had feeling that after opening they will go down.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location hotel pricey	The location of the hotel is the best in my opinion, as it overlooks Tower Bridge, and is a minutes walk from the Tower and St Katherine's docks. Across the Thames is Butler's Wharf which has lots of nice places to eat. The DLR line is minutes away also, as well as the thames boat stopsThe rooms are on the whole lovely and the decor can either be modern or traditional depending on which floor the room is on. The bed and bath are large, though the room can be a little dusty. I once had a room overlooking the Tower and it was beautiful at night. There are queues in the morning for breakfast and for checkin/checkout, despite having 2 breakfast rooms. I would recommend, having an early breakfast and using the fast checkout if time is a problem,Overall a lovely hotel, though there are equally nice hotels minutes away from Guoman, that are not quite so expensive. If I were to stay on leisure, I would probably choose another	
Oct 9 2009 	The view makes this hotel feel better than it is	The hotel was booked for us, so we had little choice, but looking at the website was excited by the views over the iconic Tower Bridge and river. It's a bit of a drive to get to but has parking which is useful. Expect to pay £20 per night though for the privilege. I had a single room which was adequate, but described by my colleague as a &quot;shoe box on it's side&quot;. The room was well decorated and had the relevant 4 star refinements ( safe, iron, press, kettle, little box of free soap) Bed was comfortable, A new 32 inch TV with about 25 channels was nice. As I was thinking about my review on this site, I compiled the following list of negatives. They are necessarily bad, but could be improved. They will try and get you to upgrade the room at reception and there is a league table called &quot;Upgrade Championship&quot; hidden in the office behind the desk, the sell was not too bad though. Because of the shape of the hotel (T shaped) Some rooms get no view of Tower Bridge but view down the river, perhaps an upgrade would get a better view. I could see into the rooms of 2 guests so I guess they could see in to mine. The windows are wood and badly need painting on the outside. Having just done mine, I would not relish the task for the 800 rooms! Brasserie was quite expensive £23.95 for an 8oz steak..... walk 20 mins. into the city and get a 12oz for £13 and wine at half the price.Breakfast was good, lots of choice on the buffet and good waiter service for tea and coffee. I did not pay personally, but would find £117 per night for a single too much for my personal budget. If you get a deal it might not be a bad place to stay. Good location and therapeutic view over the water a plus point. A bit dated and some room positions not so good. I would be happy to stay again	
Oct 3 2009 	Not what we signed up for	We booked with last minute.com which was an easy procedure but the pictures advertised for this hotel are not' what our room resembled. Although all the facilities were available in the room, we had chintz wall paper hanging off the walls, mouldy skirting boards and the carpet was not only dirty but thread bare in places.Would not stay in this hotel again unless a last resort.....drinks in the bar was ultra expensive even for London.Karen	
Sep 25 2009 	Paying a lot for nothing	Reception not interested in your needs, just wanted to get you out of the way. Wardrobe looked like it was a DIY job done by my granny. Minibar was like a vending machine. The room was adequate. No Sky sports or other channels on the TV which you get at other hotels. The bathroom was small and the shower was over the bath with a plastic curtain. Watch out for Anthony Perkins. Couldn't order food which was on the room menu in the restaurant which I can at other hotels. Don't talk to the staff as they won't understand you.	
Sep 24 2009 	Archetypal London Location Tower Bridge is London	Great rooms and service , we had breakfast included which was very poor more like a package holiday hotel feel.	
Sep 23 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.......	I and my colleagues got transferred here at short notice from another (nicer) hotel in the group as there had been a mistake in their reservation system. On check in I was not asked whether or not I wanted a smoking room (and stupidly assumed it was all non smoking) and was given a smoking room. I got moved - but no apology from the hotel. We all had executive rooms - free upgrades due to the error but to be honest the rooms were shabby and didn't have the normal amenities you would expect like bathrobes or nice toiletries. Later, returning to the hotel after a night out, we went to the bar. It was full (not just our party) at midnight and they still rather sullenly closed the bar. The reception area was already in full cleaning mode with mops and polishers everywhere and uniformed hotel staff lounging around on stairs and chairs. My room key also no longer worked and on taking it to reception I was given a rather snotty lecture by the receptionist on how to look after a key! On the plus side the hotel had great views of Tower Bridge - given a bit of investment and staff who cared it would be a nice place to stay.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent stay - very comfortable	Great stay at this Guoman hotel (they also own the Royal Horseguards near the Houses of Parliament). Very helpful check-in, very comfortable supeior room on 5th floor. Good bars and reasonable food. Right next door to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London but some way from Central London. Lots of restaurants on the Thames river so eating not a problem unless you're a veggie and don't like pasta - no true veggie restauramnts nearby at all.Recomended	
Sep 19 2009 	Really Enjoyed our Stay!!	My husband and I absolutely loved this hotel! We had a last minute booking and the hotel staff was very accomodating, gave us a newly renovated room with an amazing view of the Tower Bridge. They allowed us to check in right away and after a long flight, it was much appreciated. The hotel is very modern and the room was big for normal standards. The room was very clean and the shower was great after a long day of sightseeing. All of the hotel staff was very polite, professional, helpful and accomodating. There is a great restaurant called The Brassiere downstairs that serves really good food if you don't feel like venturing out of the hotel. The service there was excellent as well. The hotel is in a great location, right next to the Tower Bridge and Tower of London, next to a great Tube Station and within walking distance of restaurants, coffee shops and shopping. We absolutely loved this City! We hope to return to London as soon as we can and when we do, we will definetly stay at this hotel! I highly recommend this hotel to anybody traveling to the area.	
Sep 18 2009	4* but average and pricey	We stayed at The Tower Hotel for the weekend as part of a special deal (supermarket vouchers) - vouchers covered one night and we paid to stay an extra night to make a weekend of it.(120 pounds)First impressions were ok - its all a bit sterile as many large chain hotels are. This is a very large hotel and perfectly situated next to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London. Its spotlessly clean everywhere and with polite staff. Each floor is decorated differently with a theme. We had booked an Executive Double Room and I was a little disappointed when we entered the room. It only measured approximately 12 X 12 foot square with a tiny bathroom. The bed was very comfortable though and I had a good nights sleep.The shower was weak and took ages to rinse the shampoo out of my hair. The second night I had a hot bubble-bath and with the toiletries they supply, it was heaven! The window was quite high so you couldn't sit and look at the view (ours faced east with Canary Wharf in sight) . We overlooked the entrance to St Katherines Dock with lots of boats coming and going but we weren't able to sit and relax and watch them.The breakfast is supplied in two restaurants and there is always a very long queue. It is all buffet-style with lots to choose from, with all worldly tastes catered for.There seems to be plenty of parking, we had no trouble finding a space in the carpark. Our biggest problem was finding it! The sat-nav sent us up the wrong road! I think 120 pounds per night for our room was over-priced considering the size of the room and it was supposed to be 'Executive'. It was an ordinary double room in my book. The breakfast was good value (included in the price) but our biggest shock was the bar prices!! EXTORTIONATE! Half of Belgian beer and a Barcardi with a bottle of diet coke 11.20 of my English pounds!!! We knew it would be pricey but thats mad. The bar over-looked an illuminated Tower Bridge and I think we were paying for that view.To summarise, the hotel is convienient for so many sights, but its hard to find a proper pub in the area. Its a good walk along the river till you get to bars and places to eat. Its pricey for what it is. Would prefer to stay somewhere smaller with a bit of atmosphere.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Location	We’ve stayed at this hotel several times now so I think it’s safe to say we are fairly happy with this hotel.The hotel is in a great position overlooking Tower Bridge, Tower of London and St Catherine dock, depending which side of the hotel your room overlooks depends on which view you get. Rooms are a good size and quite comfortable with all you’d expect of a modern hotel. The décor in the rooms is starting to look a bit tired and is probably due a re-vamp. Breakfast in the hotel is very good buffet style. Evening meal is also a buffet style but was not available during our visit, because the hotel was not that busy we were told! We did try it on a previous visit but we always prefer to go out to dine because there’s plenty of choices close by. There are several restaurants around St Catherine dock and also across Tower Bridge along the side of the River Thames. Hotel is a great base to see all the sites of London, tour bus’s pass by the hotel and it’s great to walk along the side of the Thames. Web did encounter queuing at the lifts and ended up using the stairs to save time.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good location bad hotel...	Maybe it was just my room, but it was old, outdated, and overpriced - and all that after I was upgraded at no costs. I hear they are working on updating the rooms and some floors are complete. If you get one of those maybe it would be better, otherwise I don't recommend this place at all.	
Aug 26 2009 	Suprisingly good and will stay again when back in London	I was expecting the worst with this Hotel given it was on a business budget restricted list.However, I was pleasantly surprised in almost every department here. Rooms were spacious and clean despite the fixtures being somewhat dated and approaching overhaul time. Location is superb being beside Tower Bridge and St. Katherine's Dock. Staff were efficient and courteous. The quality of breakfast was good if rather predictable.I would recommend and intend staying here when in London next.	
Aug 24 2009 	good all round hotel	Stayed here purely because we all got a good deal but we were pleased with the hotel and would certainly stay there again. The staff were helpful. the room spacious modern and clean and the breakfast good. The position was superb right next to Tower Bridge and St Katherine's Dock	
Aug 22 2009 	What can I say? I loved it and booked it for my parents	I booked the Tower for 2 nights in Oct 2008 for my partners Birthday via Superbreaks and the Theatre Package (Lion King). I live on the outskirts of London and this hotel was a great rate (basically top seats to the Lion King were free).So, I decided to book the Tower for my parents anniversary, Superbreak were working out expensive with Oliver (Theatre Break, Drury Lane) so decided to book seperate. Customer Service at the Tower was great and not to worry, they upgraded them to Double Executive suite. Everything was taken care of, my parents called me today (check in day) and said I know you paid for room and breakfast but we were told Dinner was included too, which wasn't right .. not even on the Paperwork. Mum went down to reception and was told... no your daughter (me) has paid for the room and breakfast, but the Tower would like to give you a complimentary dinner for your anniversary. The Tower said not every day do you have a daughter/son book this for their parents.My experience with the Tower as a guest and for my parents has been great	
Aug 20 2009 	O.k. - not quite as good as it was	My third visit over the last 2 years. The hotel is still o.k. but his time there were little niggles as far as I was concerned. Offered upgrade of £30 a night for my stay and accepted. The room was very good but I should have checked the view I would be give. Previously my upgrade gave me a view of Tower Bridge and the River. This time it was over the lock to St.Katherine's Dock and the RN station. NOT worth the extra, I'm afraid. In addition the carvery, advertised as &quot;one of the few left in London&quot; was closed on the Saturday/Sunday nights!! If I'd known that in advance I would have booked another hotel. Location and views from the public rooms are brilliant. And, once again, I found all the staff friendly and helpful. Overall, I'd stay again but would be very careful about what was available BEFORE booking!!!!!	
Aug 15 2009 	I'd rather stay somwhere elsereally..	After a long and tiring journey, it took us two hours and three rooms until we were settled.All we expect, and certainly from a 4 star hotel ,is that everything in the room works, that your room is cleaned and your bed made.( on one day it wasn't) You could write your name in the dust on the surfaces and I don't think I saw anyone with a vacuum cleaner at all. The hotel is a favourite venue for coach parties so the staff are obviously stretched all the time.It's not their fault , just the way it is! Breakfast is over-priced and not that exciting and you will have to queue.The hotel is not in that favourable a location for most of the &quot;sights&quot; so expect an uncomfortable tube journey anywhere.In a busy city your hotel room needs to be a refuge at the end of a day.You can probably do better than this.Food in central London being mostly over-priced and badly cooked it's a pleasure to recommend &quot; The Mermaids Tale/Tail?&quot; in Leicester Square near the Empire cinema.The food was freshly cooked,hot , tasty , not over-priced and served with a smile by an attentive waitress. Nice place to go.O'Neills Irish Pub is a good second bet ,near The Queens theatre , just up from Chinatown in Soho.Good drinks and tasty snacks.	
Aug 14 2009	Good base for London's Sights	Stayed for 4 nights with my wife as part of a coach holiday.Found the location brilliant,Tower Bridge outside the hotel right next to The Tower of London.Queen Katherines Dock at the rear of the hotel.Tube station 5 mins walk away.Check- in was well organised.Our room was well appointed with views of the river,nice firm double bed,flat screen TV,decent shower the only downside here was the tea/coffee was sparse in the room (1 sachet each per day).Lifts were difficult to obtain at peak times &amp; we couldnt find the stairs although we were on the 9th floor it wasn't really an option.Fire escapes were well marked though.We stayed on a B&amp;B breakfast.We couldn't fault the food at breakfast time,we had opted for full english &amp; there was always plenty of choice available.There were 2 restaurants available for breakfast &amp; we had to que to get in on the first morning but after that they opened another large restaurant so it was never a problem again.They did have 8 coaches wanting breakfast at the same time plus other guests!!so they did well to manage after the first day.We found the restaurant &amp; bar prices very expensive so didn't use them.£5/pint of bitter is too much even for me.However there are loads of places to eat close by at reasonable cost.We found the &quot;Minories&quot;adjacent to Tower Hill Station very good value.Overall is was an excellent place to stay on a coach tour because we had excellent rates or for a buisness stay on expences but i wouldn't stop here if i was paying the standard rates as an independent traveller.The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful,even the bar staff (at least Dick Turpin wore a mask)	
Aug 10 2009	Excellent customer orientated Hotel - central to London's attractions.	The service was excellent - from reception, portering, concerge to dining.I managed to negotiate an &quot;earl-bird&quot; reduction of 20% at the restaurant by talking with the catering manager - even though this was not currently available. They also brought forward a reservation by half an hour, at short notice, to suit our family group.Our room was comfortable, clean, spacious and well equiped; everything worked. An in-room safe was provided at no extra charge and the flat screen TV was larger than I had expected (32&quot;).The room view overlooked Tower Bridge and the river Thames (other rooms overlooked St Katherine's Dock). Excellent/restful.A short five minute walk took one to the Tower of London or London Bridge. Ten minutes reached the nearest Underground Station (Tower Hill) with its adjacent London Dock Railway.The &quot;Monument&quot; and St Paul's Cathedral were also within reasonable walking distance.River ferries and access to riverside walks were only a few minutes away; excellent.A variety of good restaurants was available around the St Katherine's Dock area and on both sides of the Tower Bridge; we were spoilt with choice - most at reasonable prices.We were permitted to hold one room for an hour past &quot;booking-out&quot; time at no extra charge!Caution: Try to access breakfast around 7. 45am or before as short queues formed after this time.This was one of the quietest hotels I have stayed in - in central London over thge past 20 years (Monday to Friday).	
Aug 10 2009 	Great for the view and location but little else and dont stay here if you hate hard beds!!!	I stayed here for 5 nights after having chosen the hotel purely because the family members I was travelling with had already booked there. I wouldn't have booked Guoman Tower based on the TA reviews I have seen on here and my stay there has backed up much of the negative reviews posted.Upon arrival I was plyed with the 'upgrade' script and since I was expecting this to happen, offered a lower price I had already decided on (80 GBP, thier offer was 120). This was accepted and when I went to look at the rom, it was no different to the room I was getting except on a higher floor!! When I approached reception to asked why this wasnt a refurbished room, the girl said that it had a bigger TV and better sheets but I would need to pay minmum of 150 GBP for an upgrade to the refurbished room. I was pretty annoyed at this as at no point during the offer did she say that this room wasnt one of the refurbished ones. And she certainly led me to believe it was... beware of this craftiness as Im sure they do this to everyone.Once reallocated to the lesser room (after I said i wasnt paying 80GBP for nothing extra!) I found myself in a room much the same as the first one but with a better view of the Tower Bridge.. go figure! Same Telly and sheets too.....I found the bed to be very very very hard (take note if like me, you like even a semi soft bed dont stay at this hotel!!!.... I have stayed in hotels in Japan with softer beds!!). When I asked housekeeping to fix this problem, a very hard bitten angry woman came up to the room and said &quot;what am i supposed to do about it? Hard beds are very healthful&quot;. I pointed out that I have back problems and just needed something on the bed to soften it to which she angrily said she would 'get a duvee but not until later'... too bad if I wanted a short nap after my long journey from Melbourne to the UK!!!On the plus side, the hotel is in a great location and the Tower Hill Tube station nearby means getting everywhere is fairly easy. The breakfast was ok and we didnt have to line up long if at all. The only issue with breakfast was that they dont replenish things when they run out so if you go later in the morning, you will miss out on fruit and yogurt etc.In fact the bar near reception which also does breaky seemed to be more adequately stocked than the main restaurant.In summing up, if you want a view and location and to spend more than the room is worth (even at the discounted rate I got on superbreak, the room was overpriced) then stay here.If you want a soft bed, freindly staff, a reasonably priced room and a hotel that doesnt look shabby with wall paper falling off all over the place, then best you look elsewhere...	
Aug 2 2009 	Great view - Thats all that is great!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel along with my parents, my brother and his girlfriend. We had taken my mother to London for the weekend as a treat for her 60th birthday and stayed at this hotel due to the recommendation of a family friend who I am sure did not have the same issues we had. Check in time is 2pm and we arrived at 11am and so, being a little cheeky, asked if we could check in early if possible. This appeared to confuse the young lady at the front desk, however after explaining this to her twice she checked availability of our rooms. Firstly she couldn't find the reservation ( made and paid for 6 months prior ) then when she did find them we were told the rooms were not available, then one of them was but we couldn't have it and should come back in a couple of hours.We came back at 1:15pm and spoke to the same lady again who.... wait for it....couldn't find our reservation, then one room was available, come back at 2pm.We sat in the lobby til 2pm and this time we approached another young lady. It's worth mentioning that the reception was full at this stage with many complaing guests. This did not fill us with confidence. However we did get our rooms they were not the ones we ordered so we went back down to reception to try and sort it out. After trying to sort it out for 25 mins we had to go as we had an appointment at tht Ritz for tea and was told everything would be fine upon our return.We got back at 6pm. The rooms had not been sorted. Another 30 mins spent at reception. eventually at 7:30pm our three rooms were sorted. One of them being upgraded to a suite.Our room was a deluxe double. Not sure what was deluxe about it though. The room looked old and tired. Wallpaper was peeling. Floor tiles cracked in the bathroom. Shower took hercules to turn on and was not very clean.On a plus point the bar was lovely, with a fantastic view and friendly, helpful staff. The breakfast in the morning was very nice with a good selection. I'm sure though you can get a lot better for your money elsewhere. 4 star, 4 get it.	
Aug 2 2009 	excellent hotel - highly recommended	check in was extremely efficient and friendlylocation excellentroom very comfortable and lovely view. Free upgradebreakfast was extremely good. excellent staff servicereception desk only too pleased to help with any questionswould return at any time for a visit.	
Jul 30 2009 	Pod hotel..bad rooms in a good location	The hotel plays entirely on its' location which i grant is astonishing, and that i am afraid is it..the end...If you want to be by the Tower of London and right under Tower Bridge..this is great, but i would recommend you go to the bar and then leave to stay somewhere else. The rooms are quite extraordinary. They are like little pods from the 1960s or 1970s. They are simply tiny little sapce capsules dressed in reaaly dowdy clothes. I was in a deluxe room and i swear i've stayed in bigger bathrooms. Then there's the fact that every room is piled on top of the other so you can literally look right into your neighbours rooms. The decor is tried and dingy and somehow completely inappropriate to the `1970s feel of the hotel...sad and dreary The hotel bar and restaurants are pretty shabby too,though i admit with wonderful viewss. Then on top of all this is the cost. The hotel is really expensive especially considering what you get elsewhere (even by London standards)...and if you pay extra for a river view which you would need to in order to make you feel happier so that you could look out at the view rather than looking inwards on your rabbit hutch of a room. My advice..Find somewhere else...this hotel needs a major re-think and upgrade to match its' location. Thumbs down....	
Jul 20 2009 	Medium level 4-star	Stayed 3 nights at Tower in July 2009.Overall impression is good hotel with great location and friendly staff but a bit too many minor problems which drag the standard to just a medium 4 star.The locatino right nex to Tower brigde and St. Katharines Dock is great. The nearest tube is Tower Hill which is served by the District og the Circle line. It is about 8-12 minutes walk from the station. Behind the hotel in the area of St. Katharines Dock you'll find some restaurants/bars and they were perfect for us after a long day in London.The room was fine and no more if you think of it as a 4-star hotel. The bed was great and the room was plenty spacious for us but water dripping, lights not working and stuff like that makes the hotel seem a bit old. Very clean - no problems there at all.Staff was very friendly but they showed a couple of times that they were not that professional. We waited about 20 minutes upon arrival because they had difficulties sorting out our pretty simple booking made directly in their website. For that they gave us an upgrade (which was nice but not that effective when the room os a bit old;)). The night before we left we asked for a late check-out which they said was ok without making a note of it. And sure enough our room key (card) was not working anymore as we returned to leave the hotel around 1 pm. Two restaurants serves the guests breakfast. The breakfast is just fine with a wide selection. For the price we paid for the stay we were not happy to wait in line to be seated though. We had a wonderful time in London but if we come back to the Tower it will be because of the location and if we get a good deal.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel great location highly recommended!	Just arrived back after staying at the Tower for 4 nights and it was excellent. I read some negative reviews prior and I couldnt agree less with these comments. It's situated next to St Katherines Dock, overlooking Tower Bridge. Our room unfortunately didnt have a view of it but you see it everyday anyway! It's a 5-10 minute walk to Tower Hill tube station and a 5 minute walk to Tower of London/Tower Pier. Very convenient.Check in was very smooth, pleasant staff. We requested a quiet, non smoking room and were given this. Room was average size, MASSIVE comfy double bed, clean bathroom with shower, widescreen tv, mini bar stocked upon request, very pleasant. Room service menu was quite pricey but varied. Breakfast was included which was a buffet serving a choice of cereals, fruit, continental and full english breakfast, we were always seated right away, friendly staff. We ate in the Brasserie restaurant once and this was the only negative part of our stay. The menu was fairly poor in my opinion and very expensive-my boyfriend paid £15 for a mediocre plate of pasta. Our waiter was uninterested in us as we weren't rich business people spending lots of money. He looked disgusted when I just ordered chips and a soda water. He took forever to take our payment and didnt even say thankyou, he just chucked the receipt on our table and grunted.Aside from this one poor aspect of our stay, I would very much recommend this hotel to anyone, its huge, 900 rooms, mainly business clients but good for a leisure stay, close to tube station and the Tower. I was also given a tour of the hotel as I work in travel and the more expensive rooms were very impressive. The staff always said hello and were willing to help with anything. Highly recommened(just not the restuarant!)	
Jul 14 2009 	Great location good value	Stayed one night on July 5th because of it's proximity to the Globe theatre (15 mins walk). I was a little wary of some of the reviews on here, particularly how petty some of them seemed.I must say that for the location, it is an ideal place to stay. Close to the tube for the rest of London, but more importantly for me right on the river and a stroll across Tower Bridge takes you to the vibrant South bank area with lots of restaurants, bars and things to do or if you are like us, lots of people watching.The corner room we were allocated was on the 'dreaded' (according to reviews) first floor and we were pleasantly surprised to find we had a lovely view over St Katherine's dock and across to the Thames. Yes, the bed was a little firm but I wouldn't call it uncomfortable. We ate out so can't comment on the food. Reception were most helpful and I must make a special mention and thank you to the housekeeping manager. Several hours after checking out I realised I had left my mobile phone and reading glasses in the bedside drawer. On returning to the hotel I was relieved to find that the aforementioned had placed them in an envelope and they were safely put away for my collection.Would I stay here again or recommend this hotel to friends? Certainly.	
Jul 8 2009 	What An Upgrade!	HOTEL. After 3 weeks of staying in hostels and apartments, we decided to treat ourselves to a relaxing stay at a hotel for the remaining days of our trip. We found a pretty good deal on Expedia for less than $150 per night.. In London! By the Bridge!!! We jumped on the opportunity immediately. When we finally arrived to the hotel, we could not believe the hotel and the amazing location. In fact, we both thought we were in the wrong place. We hesitated to check in, thinking there is no way this place cost less than $150 per night. The lady at the check in counter ask for our names and assures us we were in the right place. So we just went with it. As we got checked in, she ask if we wanted to upgrade our room to a suite for an additional cost of about $50. We respectfully declined. As the bellman escorted us and our backpacks to our room, we notice inside the elevators the floors were marked by types of rooms. For instance, floor 1- 5 was standard rooms, 6- 10 were suites and 11- 15 were penthouses. Our bellman pushed number 8. We didn't notice right off hand and just went with it. The floor was spotless and Victorian looking. On the front of our room door, &quot;St. Katherine Suite&quot;! We looked at each other and was speechless. Whether it was out of courtesy or out of error, we had the most romantic and beautiful suite that I had ever seen. What a way to end an unforgettable trip!STAFF. Very accommodating. ROOM. Clean and spacious with plush bed and pillows.SHOWER. Giant bathtubs. Perfect for a relaxing bubble bath. LOCATION. In front of the London Bridge-- could not have ask for a better view. Walking distance to the Tower of London and the tube station.ATTRACTION. Although not walking distance to most, with the exception of the Bridge, everything is accessible via the tube which is a few minutes away. TIP(S). Not sure if rejecting the upgrade works every time, but now that I've seen the suites, I'd say it's worth the extra $50 had we had to pay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very Small Room but good location with a Nice View	Spent three nights for business travel, got the upgrade to the single deluxe room. A very small room indeed (and this was the deluxe) but a spectacular view of the tower bridge and the river. The hotel staff was friendly and always helpful. Only a short walk up the hill to the tower hill tube station or you can catch the bus from the tower of london stop also nearby. I don't stay in this part of London that often, last time was at the Novotel adjacent to the tube station, for the same price it had a better room.	
Jun 30 2009 	Not bad good location	We stayed here for a weekend recently and used the fast Clipper service to visit the O2 (the Dome).Check in took ages but that's our fault perhaps for arriving at the busiest time. We'd paid for an upgraded room. The windows wouldn't open and the room was smelly, otherwise typical for a London hotel.Unlike other hotels in this group, the breakfast was poor - lots of queuing, inattentive service and not particularly good food.Worst thing? The lifts. They take an absolute age, especially of course in the mornings when you want breakfast or to check-out: you must leave more time.	
Jun 25 2009 	Brilliant location very nice hotel	We stayed at The Tower for three nights (Fri, Sat &amp; Sun) at the end of May. The location is fantastic positioned between St Katharine's Dock, The Thames, Tower of London and Tower Bridge. There was a bit of a hiccup when we went to check in (our booking was noted as being cancelled by us) but this was quickly sorted out and we received a free upgrade which was nice. Our room overlooked St Katherine's Dock which was also a 2 min walk away and there are plenty of bars and eateries there. We ate breakfast at cafes there so can't comment on the hotel bar/restaurant.Our room was spacious and very clean with very good bathroom. We found the bed really comfy too. There was a safe available in the room free of charge, good space to hang clothes and an iron/ironing board too. The wifi was expensive (as per usual in most hotels) so we didn't use it, which would be the only downside for us.For the price (we paid 100 GBP a night) The Tower Hotel seems to be very good value for such a great location. The hotel is right on the Thames within walking distance of Tower Hill Tube station (5 mins walk), and The Queen's Walk across the Thames where there are plenty of nice places to eat or have a drink.We will definately stay here again in the future when on holiday in London.	
Jun 25 2009 	Disappointing	First impressions when you arrive at this hotel are good. Location is amazing and the reception area is immaculate. However, the disappointment hit when I arrived at my room. I was travelling on business and the room was purchased at a corporate rate so I assume it was one of the poorest rooms available. I had booked a double and found the room was a twin. This was resovled quite quickly by the housekeeping team who zipped the two beds together. The room itself was serviceable but it really was in need of a service itself. The carpet was worn. The bathroom had seen better days. In general, it didn't live up to the standards portrayed by the hotel's web site.Breakfast was quite good however on a couple of days I was lead a merry dance around the restaraunt floor while they tried to find a vacant and clean table. The dining staff were a pretty sullen lot too.	
Jun 23 2009 	perfectly fine	We booked our stay 5 months in advance as part of a package deal including flight and one free night. Check in on Friday was easy and quick, were offered an upgrade from the standard room but declined and got what looked to be a refurbished non-smoking room on the 6th floor facing the east. Since we asked for a smoking room with our reservation we went back down and got another room on the 7th floor with the same view, this one not refurbished but still satisfactory, everything was clean and obviously well used but in good condition. The bed was indeed a bit hard but not uncomfortable, the bathroom was roomy and clean with complementary soaps and showergels. The only thing I can think of that was slightly annoying was the heavy door to the room, it stuck when you tried to close it and would only close with a loud bang and we could hear other doors closing but this is so minor it's almost not worth mentioning.Full English breakfast was included in our deal and after reading about the queues here we decided to have it delivered to our room every morning for no extra cost, including a complementary newspaper. It was on time every morning, didn't always get exactly what we ordered but we're not fussy, and when we requested something that was not on the breakfast menu (hardboiled eggs instead of scrambled) this was not a problem and we even got more than we asked for. We had dinner at the Brasserie, the menu was rather small but the food was great and in the evening we went for drinks at the hotel bar, rather expensive and also not a wide range of choices, but the view of the Tower Bridge at night from there is unbeatable.The location for us was superb, the Tower Bridge and the Thames are a great sight, St. Catharine's Dock is also lovely and it was a 5 minute walk to Tower Hill, a bit longer but also prettier surroundings if you went around past the Tower. The Thames Clipper stops very nearby at the Tower Pier, also a nice way to see London from a different angle or to get directly to the O2 or to central London.The staff were very friendly and helpful and not at all haughty or elitist as we feared, since we aren't the regular four star hotel crowd. One night our keycards didn't work and we immediately got apologies and new cards. If we ever go back to London we'll definitely stay here again, it was a great place to start and end our days there.	
Jun 22 2009 	poor value for money	I booked a double room a month in advance. Was told I could have an early check in and called personally to confirm this. Was also promised breakfast was included and it was not. Was given a twin room instead of a double. The service was standard and that is being generous.The beds were hard, towels crusty, and the bathroom amenities were not enough for two people. No one asked if we enjoyed our stay probably because they knew how many mistakes were made with my reservation. There is a lot of competition in London and I will stay elsewhere my next visit.	
Jun 11 2009 	worst stay of my life	firstly, i arrived...hotel staff were friendly, and i went in smiling....please be aware that they overcharge for food/drinks on room service...£21 for a steak burger!!!!anyway, i was kept awake until 1am with booming music from downstairs, a wedding i was told when i rang up to complain...apparently a sunday night/monday morning until 2am is still classed as a weekend, regardless of business early monday morning startsand that was the beginningupon my departure, they tried to stiff me for a breakfast and dinner i hadn't purchased (check your bill thoroughly!) and they didn't deliver my room service breakfast on that morning, despite the notice left on my door as usual. the staff were extremely unhelpful and not understandingDO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU VALUE YOUR SLEEP!	
Jun 10 2009 	Ok hotel but very hard beds!	This hotel is in a great location right on the river with good restaurants very close by.The rooms are ok but old looking. Just look at the window frames - very old. Views out of the room are stunning though. However. the beds are terrible! I must have slept half an hour the whole night. The mattresses they have chosen are just too firm and its like sleeping on the floor. Not comfortable at all! If you dont mid hard firm beds then this hotel will be fine. No pool which would have been nice.	
Jun 9 2009 	Clean  friendly staff and very good value	we stayed form 29 may to 1 june and were very happy, we paid £69.00 a night and upon arrival at 1:45 pm were told as our room wasnt ready we'd been upgraded to an executive room! (check in isn't untill 2:00 pm) reception staff were very friendly, concierges-sooooo helpful, those guys know EVERYTHING!!!! breakfast was good-so much to choose from and all nice. The room was excellent value but this could have been due to the free upgrade, we did notice as the lift stopped on the lower floors the corridoors did look a little dated compared to our on the 6th floor and this hinted at the quality of the rooms. Oly three negatives- the bathroom did smell a little of cigarettes, the luggage guys were a little too eager to take our lugage for a tip and we would have loved to have tea making facilities in our room-but were sure if we had asked for them they would have been supplied.	
Jun 7 2009 	Good location	We stayed at the Tower Hotel 03 June 1 night and on the whole it was very good. The location is ideal for exploring this part of London lots to see and do. There are many restaurants within walking distance. We had a Standard N/S room which was a bit tired and needed updating but was very quiet overlooking pretty Katherines Dock. The room still smelled smoky though. The bathroom small but very clean only complaint 2 towels for 2 people and no face cloths. All staff were very helpful. We were told by reception that both restaurants were open lunchtime but the Carvery was closed so we ate alfresco in the dock area as it was a warm day. So to sum up not the best looking hotel from outside but well worth a stay.	
Jun 6 2009 	Convenient location yet out of the West End.	We stayed at this hotel recently for 3 nights B&amp;B. We thoroughly enjoyed the location and would recommend this area of Tower and St Katherine's Docks. It's right by the river on one side ( so convenient for boat trips) and overlooks the docks on the other (plenty of restaurants to choose from and a very pleasant up-market environment. It was quiet at night too.We had requested a high, quiet room both with Superbreak and the hotel and they gave us the usual reply that they could not guarantee this. However, when we arrived , we were told that we had booked a Standard room and all these rooms were on the first floor. An upgrade would be another £20 per night. We had not budgeted for this and were hesitant. But in the end, we decided to &quot;go for it&quot; and we had a room overlooking the river and the Tower on the fourth floor. The view was magnificent.To get into central London, the No 15 bus goes regularly from beside the Tube station. You can easily get to St Paul's, Trafalgar Sq, Covent Garden etc in about 20-30 minutes.You can cathch the boat to Greenwich or Westminster Bridge from nearby.We did not have lunch, dinner or drinks in the hotel because it was expensive compared to local restaurants and bars. Don't bother with the Prix Fixe at Cafe Rouge. Strada food was better.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice hotel great views	Stayed here for one night. Nice large 4-star hotel with some superb views on Tower Bridge.	
May 28 2009 	Nice hotel great location	Again, booked through lastminute.com for 2 nights for myself and my boyfriend and it was £138 altogether. Unfortunately our train was cancelled so we had to catch a later one, we telephoned the hotel to let them know we would be arriving after midnight and this was no problem. When we arrived we were shattered and wanted to get straight to the room but the woman tried to encourage us to upgrade for another £50 per night. We didn't want to and she gave us such a disgusted look, then told us that there wasn't a double room available so we had a room with 2 single beds in it! I was fuming as we had booked a double room and it was nearly 1am but we were so tired we just went with it and I was glad we did.The room was ENORMOUS and had a fantastic view of St. Katherines Dock. It was spotless and the bathroom was lovely, really modern and with a full size bath. This was so deep that when I had a bath it wasn't even full and covered my shoulders when I sat in it!The hotel is literally right next to Tower Bridge, across the road from the Tower of London and around the corner from Tower Hill tube station. I was really happy with our stay, apart from the receptionist. I can't comment on the restaurants as we didn't eat here.I will be happy to answer any further questions! x	
May 24 2009 	Excellent Value and Great Location for Visiting London	I spent 4 nights with friends at this excellent hotel. The hotel suited us perfectly as we were in London for a great tourist experience. Because of the size of London, not one Hotel is central to everything, so we decided on this hotel as it best met our plans. Its close to a tube station, close to many bus routes and a short walk to the Thames Clipper Services at The Tower of London (a water bus service not to be dismissed).Check in was a little slow, but i did arrive late in the day. I was immediatly offered an upgrade for £150, which i immediatly declined. The lady then went to see if it was possible for a discount from her supervisor, i felt this was a well practiced occurace and i was offered an improved price of £100 for the upgrade, but this did not include the 'Bottle of Wine' offered witrh the original £150, so i was paying £50 for a bottle of wine ? I declined the £100 upgrade and instead told her that i was prepared to pay £80 and if this was not acceptable i will settle for the room i had already paid for. She seemed to be a little taken back at my offer but immediatly accepted my offer. This confirms to me they she had the authority to decide on room upgrades and did not have to seek permission from anyone. The room was nice, comfortable with views of the Thames and Tower Bridge. I was able to watch various types and sizes of boats pass byall day and watch the bridge open on a number of accassions. I was very pleased with my room and the facilities were very adequate for my needs The bathroom was well catered for , including all the necessary lotions and soaps. There was no noticable noise from adjoining rooms and was very quiet at all times.I read in previous posts about the queues for breakfast. I made a point of going to breakfast early each day and did not experience any wait. Although when i was leaving after my breakfast a queue had formed, so the lesson learned, go a little early to avoid the queues!I would recommend this Hotel and i will have no hesitation staying here on my next visit to London, if the price is right !	
May 22 2009 	Cramped conference venue	Had a 2 day meeting at this beautifully located hotel adjacent to Tower Bridge. Conference rooms on top floor were very cramped, hot and missed basics such as centrally located power outlets underneath the tables - stretched power cables make for a wonderful trip hazard! Buffet breakfast was very average but wasn't too fussed after dining at the excellent OXO Tower the previous evening. Rooms basic but adequate with mine having a good view - would recommend you try booking a room higher up than 2nd floor to make the most of the views.	
May 21 2009 	Recommended	This hotel may be away from the West End but the location is still very good. Close to the tube and DLR, over looks Tower Bridge, the Thames and the Tower of London. Plenty of restaurants and bars close by and adjoining St Katharines Dock. Stayed 1 night on business and corporate rate made the hotel great value. Check in was slow and restaurant for breakfast was very warm. Room was very good and overlooked the Thames some have views of Tower Bridge. First floor bar is a great spot for a pre dinner drink	
May 17 2009 	Loved the location	Absolutely stunning location. Its right next to the Tower of London, Tower bridge.Room which I got was breathless as it overlooked the Tower bridge (the real london bridge actually, the one called London Bridge is just a new brick and mortar bridge).I enjoyed the walks around the banks of the river Thames in the evenings although being summer it was great to sit outside, enjoy the sun and eat a sandwich for lunch.The rooms were decent although they gave u a slight musky smell (probably because its so old). Overall a very pleasant stay.	
May 12 2009 	Great location when tubes are running	We arrived at the hotel at about 11am but were told we couldnt check in until 2 but if we wanted to upgrade we could check in now. We didnt want to so left our bag with the concierge &amp; went to explore. The hotel has an excellent location, loads of little cafe's etc near by &amp; right on Tower Bridge &amp; Tower of London, but unfortunately there was a problem with the tube so we had to walk for 20 minutes to the next tube that was open. We finally checked in at about 2.30pm but they had put us in a no smoking room so we rang down to reception &amp; they changed us straight away &amp; even brought the new keys upto us. The smoking room was much nicer than the non smoking room (usually its the other way round!) &amp; had views over the dock. We had only booked a continental breakfast but when we went down they let us have full english without paying the suppliment. Breakfast was fine but not worth the £10ish they would have charged us to upgrade.	
May 11 2009 	Brilliant location 	Stayed here 2 nights - arrived at 9:30 a.m. for my single room and, after a bit of hunting by the very helpful check-in lady, I was given a disabled room that was ready (I am not disabled). For this I kiss their feet - nothing worse than having to wait til 2 pm to check in.Excellent bed (which rolled if you sat up in it - I bet that's inconvenient if you are disabled), nice wee lounge area. Huge bedroom by London standards - bigger than a typical US Hilton room. Huge bathroom, of course but the shower only came up to my chest - would probably have been OK if I had actually been in a wheelchair but what are disabled people's spouses supposed to do?It's a bit of a hike from Tower Hill tube station with about 100 steps between the station platform &amp; the hotel - a free workout - but there are always cabs outside the door if you are richer than I am.Lovely view from my window of the old boats in St Katherine's Dock - about 30% of the rooms have a view of the Thames / Tower of London / Tower Bridge and no doubt cost several pounds more per night. Be a terrific honeymoon base. There's not a great deal within walking distance in the way of pubs and restaurants - the Dickens pub &amp; Mala Indian restaurant are both fine but expensive.Watch out for the extras on your bill - they can be really painful.Breakfast is 18 pounds ($27), an 800 call cost me L4.50 ($6.75), 24 hours internet is 10 pounds ($15) and, if you use the room phone to call the US, talk fast at L10.52 ($16) per minute.If you want a lovely hotel near the Tower then this is a great place to go. I will probably head back for my usual area of Covent Garden on my next visit to London, though.	
May 4 2009 	Not as good as it should be	Got there on the day of the marathon, so very difficult to get there, but when I did arrive I was told I could not check in for half an hour at least (at 2pm) because the marathon people were using the hotel for free. I asked to leave my suitcase which I did, and was told I could buy a cup of coffee while I waited. Charadee is a wonderful thing, but this was a rubbish response! Later I returned to check in and was told almost in the first sentence that I could upgrade for £20 a night. No information on what an upgrade would get me, so I declined. The room was ok, but lacking in the beverage area, since all that was available in the room were ingredients for a couple of cups of tea or coffee. No chocolate, no fruit, no welcoming feel. The bathrobes got a good write up in the hotel literature, but I didn't get one, so I couldn't comment. Apparently, they get stolen, so that could be it. Lighting was very dim, but got better as the evening wore on, could be the energy saving bulbs warming up, or I just got used to the low level. Woken by outside noise at night and plumbing noise in the morning. No need for an alarm clock. Not much apart from the bridge/tower in the local area, and restaurant is very expensive and has fashionably inconvenient tableware (they do know about plates? I got a piece of wood with a starter on). Breakfast had that Pontins feel all week, as the hotel closed one restaurant so everyone was crowded into one servery. This meant a lot of queueing, and they continually ran out of glasses in particular, and it was very difficult to get even one cup of coffee. Cannot comment on price, as its London=expensive. The outside is carpark ugly and the paint is peeling off the windows. If I had just taken it over, I might have hesitated about putting my name on it so soon! Hoping for improvement before I have to be here again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Taking advantage of its location	I stayed at the tower for a week on business. Check-in was painless and the staff were very friendly. When I got to my room it was extremely hot, and the air conditioning was set to 27.5 C - I called down and was told that I could have it shut off, but not cooling (they have to change the whole system in the hotel to do that!) - they said that someone would be sent up but that didn't happen until I called again after about an hour... this time they sent someone.In my opinion this hotel is looking quite run-down and the rooms are fairly out of date. The key factor for this hotel is it's location and like many hotels they take advantage of this, and presumably don't want to spend money on a re-furb.Nevertheless (aside from the heat during my stay) the hotel is comforable, if a little (or a LOT!) overpriced. No free internet either - which I believe should be standard in a 4* hotel.Overall extremely average aside from it's location	
Apr 21 2009 	Wonderful in all points	We booked the room with Neckermann for 80€ per person for a night. When we arrived, we were impressed by the great cleaness and luxury atmosphere. To be honest, we expected to have an above average room as we had a neckerman discount but finally we got a superb room with view on the Thames and Tower Bridge. The room was clean as hell and bigger than what you can found in other hotels. However, there was a little problem of pressure with the toilet. So we go down to the reception desk and the receptionist apologized and promised that it will be Ok around 10 minutes. When we came back 30 minutes later, everything worked fine !Great service !Room service is also remarkable ! We've order 2 pizza's and a chicken salad. 30 minutes later, someone arrived with our meal which was pretty tasty (don't forget the tip)The light on the Thames and on the boat passing by when night falls is a beautiful show.The english breakfast was absolutly delicious and really above everything I could taste in hotel. So I recommand to take it when booking !This hotel really makes the difference and add a dreamy touch to our weekend trip in London.	
Apr 21 2009 	Beautiful view of the Tower bridge and great location	i stayed at the Tower in April for a 6 nights i would not recommend the standard room as it is abit dingy so i up graded to a delux the view is stunning, the room to me needs a bit of work for a 4 star but is very clean and neat, they are renovating the walk ways so maybe the rooms are to be upgraded as well. The breakfast is good but after 3 days becomes monotonous as the menu does not change at all.the service is excellent so yes i would go backSheryl (South Africa)	
Apr 20 2009 	Fantastic London Hotel (avoid the restaurants!)	We stayed here for two nights using our Tesco Clubcard Vouchers so it was super cheap for us. We were asked if we'd like to upgrade, which we did. Room was amazing - it wasn't massive, but it was more than big enough for a weekend break. Amzing big bed, lovely bathroom, clean, gorgeous decor, and of course the phenomenal view. The location is also great as you have the advantage of being out of the really buzzing noisy areas, yet you are right on the Thames you can walk the Thames Riverside Path to get to your destination - its about 3 miles (an hour) to westminster, and a lovely walk on a dry day and for me it was far preferable to the tube, however if you do need it the station is only a 5 minute walk away.The staff on reception and the front of house staff were all brilliant - polite, attentive and smiling. The hotel as a whole is clean, spacious, a relaxed atmosphere and i would recommend it as a great london base.There is one big negative though....the restaurant and restaurant staff....Admittedly we only had breakfast there but we were very underwhelmed by it - it was all luke warm, and staff seem to be rushed and acting like you are causing them hassle by being there. We ordered breakfast in bed on the Sunday using the sign you hang on your door. We ticked what we wanted, hung it out and in the morning it had gone....but breakfast never arrived. On calling down we were asked if we put our room number on - we hadn't, but pointed out that the slip was taken FROM OUR ROOM DOOR - the manager then told us he had 800 people to serve breakfast to, and a pile of orders without room numbers he didn't have time to deal with!! We were shocked - no apology, no effort to get us food - just blamed us and told us he was too busy to sort it out!!On complaining, the fornt of house staff as i mentioned were excellent - discreet, apologetic, and offered a refund of our upgrade fee. So aside from the restaurant staff and food, i would highly recommend!	
Apr 19 2009 	Location Location	We were not sure what to expect after reading some reviews but were very impressed with the hotel and our room on the 5th floor. We were asked if we wished to upgrade the room but declined, we still had a refurbished room with a view of the St Katherine Dock, lovely room and decor, very clean, bathrobes and Elemis toiletries. There was only one bathrobe but we rang reception and another was brought to the room within 5 minutes. Fantastic view of the Thames and Tower Bridge from the Xi Bar. The location of this hotel is brilliant and very close to Tower Hill tube station. There were queues for breakfast but they opened an extra suite and we only waited a few minutes for a table. Have booked to go back in the summer.	
Apr 15 2009 	Loved this hotel !	My first trip to London with my boyfriend and we weren't dissappointed. We arrived at lunchtime however check wasn't til 2pm. The very nice &amp; helpful concierge took our bags and said they would be delivered to our room when we checked in at 2pm - they arrived 2 minutes after 2pm - perfect.We didn't upgrade to a superior room we stayed in a standard double on the 1st floor. It was lovely, nor did we open a room account we paid as we went for drinks &amp; room serviceGreat size room, very clean, massive bed, the best power shower i've ever experienced,views overlooking St Katherines Dock were nice.The hotel is right next to the tower, good tube connections from Tower Hill or Aldgate just up the road. There are some bars behind the restuarant around St Katherines Dock which were good value and nice to go to before heading back to the hotel at night. The hotel bar is expensive but the atmosphere is good, the views over the Thames and the tower are lovely and all the staff are polite &amp; helpful.We had the full english breakfast included in our package. We didn't have to que for brekkie which was good because i know from other reviews people have. Nice breakfast area, great buffet, you could go up and get what you liked, lots of juices,cereals, continental hams,salamis,cheese, fresh fruit &amp; cream, plus the english breakfast was wonderful, hot, scrambled egss,fried eggs,sausages,bacon,toms,black pudding,fried bread,fried potatoes,toast,mushrooms.It was really good and no-one was bothered if you went back more than once, We did order room service once, very efficient,lovely food - expensive, but we were celebrating and were happy to pay for this one luxury.Check out wasn't til 12pm which was more than a reasonable time.When we checked out it was very swift. Overall i really enjoyed my first trip to London and would return again to The Tower Hotel.Highly recommended to anyone	
Apr 11 2009 	Worth the expence for the views and the breakfasts.	My wife booked this hotel as a treat for my 40th birthday and we were far from disappointed. It oozes class. Leave the noise and madness of central London outside and step into a large, airy cathedral of peace. The staff are the brisk and courteous types rather than the over friendly, all smiling, all teeth Disney World types. If you arrive by cab you will be greeted by a chap in full livery and top hat. The place is cleaner than a surgeons fingertips, rooms especially. The real feather in The Towers cap however is the outstanding views from your room and the restaurants/bar. We paid for the up-grade to Superior double and it really is worth it. After a sound nights sleep we had a fabulous buffet breakfast, and they don't bat an eyelid if you go back for more. And more. Do get down before 9a.m. or after 10a.m. otherwise you will have to que. My only gripe really is the &quot;feel&quot; of the rooms, in my opinion only a star above the likes of Travelodge / Travelinn ect. Nothing wrong with that you might think, but it is classed as a four star hotel. It was a &quot;Thistle&quot; hotel and I don't think the rooms have been re decorated since. Having said that , I would recommend this hotel and, when we have saved up we are booking again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Setting the sub-standard	I booked a 'special offer' deal on lastminute.com for £105 which turned out to be £7.75 over the hotel's own internet rate for the 'standard' room I was given. The receptionist told me that all 'standard' rooms are on the first floor, ours looked over a litter strewn roof above the reception/restaurant area which was also home to the air conditioning or ventilation equipment. I had requested a room on an upper floor - which the receptionist told me would need an 'upgrade' for which I would need to fork out another £35. He then proposed a 'special offer' upgrade of £20 - the whole conversation seemed unprofessional at best and would certainly embarrass someone less sensitive than my thick-skinned self.The room contained two hard and cheap single beds pushed together, the two tiny rugby-ball style pillows looked like they'd been pinched from a cross channel ferry. There was no sign of the cushions and covers illustrated in their online brochure, just an old poor quality duvet. The cheap tin bath and fillings gave the overall impression of a 2* Ibis - nothing wrong with that if you're paying 2* Ibis prices.I think it's time that hotels like this were a little more honest. If you've got sub-standard rooms, call them sub-standard, or 'budget' or something similar. Flog 'em off cheap - I guarantee that you'll have a queue of people waiting to book them. But don't con people into thinking that they will get 4* 'luxurious accomodation' - as the brochure states, at a discount, because it just ain't true.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location	This hotel can't be beaten for location right next to Tower Bridge and Tower of London. We also liked St Katherine's dock right behind the hotel. Rooms are a bit tired for a 4 star but still clean enough. Good choice for breakfast and a great view from the (expensive!) bar looking over Tower Bridge. Definitely stay again if you get a good deal.	
Mar 30 2009 	Ideally situated	Stayed at the Guoman Tower Hotel for 2 nights on a Theatre Break- a Good 4 star experience- managed a room upgrade to a higher floor with good views over Thames- downriver- you also get good views of Tower Bridge or St Katherines Dock depending on your room. Only 5 mins from Tower of London and the tube station - quiet area at night but with a few close restaurants and bars around the dock and close to hotel.Hotel very good despite being very busy - especially at breakfast - all food hot and freshly cooked. Would stay again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Not waste for demanded money.	I have been in the Guoman Tower hotel on business for three nights. It was represented to me like a good and convenient hotel near the London City. Though the hotel is situated in a great place of the Tower, Tower Bridge, St. Katharine’s docks there are no other attractions within walk distance. You should walk for about 7 minutes to Tower Hill underground or bus station. Chek-in process was good and painless (as I remember, there was 3 receptionists). I was proposed to upgrade my room for additional 60 pounds to my 175. I got a large room with comfortable king bed, flat TV, two tables with 3 chairs (too much for me :), tea set and iron. In my opinion, design came from 80th including furniture. Bathroom was roomy and clear but shower was unmanageable. Service was generally nice excepted not very friendly night receptionist who didn't let me make an international call from my room. I was asked to come to reception and show my credit card. It was not cheap to call to Russia (about 64 pound for two minutes). In addition, Internet was also very expensive 7 pound for 1 hour in foyer. Breakfast was tasty but selection of food was a little poor.	
Mar 25 2009 	Much better than expected	Stayed here for a work event so did not pay and therefore can't comment on value. Based on the TA reviews I wasn't expecting that much but the hotel was fine. Arrived well before the official check-in time but the room was ready. The room's are not big but they are well decorated, comfortable and very clean. Everything looked brand new and was immaculate. The bathroom also was not huge but very shiny and new. The best thing was the gorgeous view over the Thames and Tower Bridge with the London Eye in the distance. The room has everything you would expect in a good hotel - branded cosmetics, bathrobes and slippers, cable TV, underfloor heating in the bathroom, etc. We were on the fifth floor, which has no ice machine. I went down a floor to get ice and it was like being transported back in time to the 1970's (The Shining springs to mind!) I guess some floors haven't been renovated recently so I would bear that it mind if you book to stay here.Lots of cafes and restaurants near by around a nice marina at the back of the hotel. I have no complaints about The Tower and would recommend it.	
Mar 20 2009 	Tower Guoman - a wonderful one night stay	I usually rent an apartment near the Tower of London for a week. I had to extend my trip by one day, and the apartment was not available so I booked the Tower Hotel, a Guoman Hotel, for one night on Wednesday, March 18. The room was a standard room with twin beds, but the size was nice, including a table and two chairs, a nice flat screen TV, the bathroom was very nice, small but very clean and well appointed with heated towel racks. The hotel can face Tower Bridge, but obviously the higher up you go, the more money it is. We paid 160 pounds ($240.00) for the room, and I was very pleased. Clean, comfortable beds with soft, clean linens, tea -making facilities, the hotel is very pretty with nice carpeting and woodwork throughout. The hotel lobby was modern and nicely appointed. We ended up facing Tower Bridge but we didn't hear any traffic as the windows are fairly dense - double glass with thick glass, although you can still see out very nicely. The concierge was very helpful - he checked which terminal our flights were going to be in the morning. The check in was painless and fast, we were able to store our bags quickly and continue on our way. My only missing necessity was an internet connection - to use their computer, you have to pay for time on it, and it is not cheap. Seven pounds per hour, and 15 pounds for 24 hour access.	
Mar 15 2009 	Would never recommend!!!!	We booked the hotel the night before we visited London and tried to get the best room avaliable on the hotel's website. It turned out to cost around £360 for 2 night including breakfast. ( THis was the best offer) It was an Exc double room. However on arrival we were asked if we would like to upgrade the room for an additional £60, which we decided to do. Unfortunatly the room was tiny, there was on large bed in the room and that was about the whole room filled. The room was nicely decorated however stank of cigeretts. The view was fab but that was the best part of hotel. The breakfast was very disappointing, the food was rather cheap and not much selections. I would not recommend going to this hotel unless your happy to pay a high price for a travel lodge standard. We were on the fifth floor.	
Mar 10 2009	not quite 100%	Its was ok to visit tower bridge.... however the weekend we arrived i asked the reception which line ii would take to knightsbridge and sloane square, they advised me accordingly.. however.. they failed to tell me all tube lines were down that weekend, so we ended uo walking a lot more than we should have... the hotel is pretty clean, bar nice.. but my bed was very lumpy and v uncomfortable..... infact after walking and sightseeing all day a nice bed would have been more than nice..... i was dissapointed....	
Mar 10 2009 	Not worth the money - try a Travel Inn	We paid £160 for one night incl b/fast on the basis of the website. The reality was totally different. Upon booking in we were given a room that stank of cigarette smoke, infact the whole hotel did. To their credit we were given another but whilst this overlooked the river there were no elemis toiletries and the double bed was two singles pushed together. In the morning we went for b/fast to find queues of an hour to get into the restaurants at all 3 locations! Not ideal for someone with a heavily pregnant wife and certainly not what I expect for £160! When we complained we were offered a £10 refund by staff that were unhelpful and arrogant and wanted to get rid of us.To any tourist coming to London, do not stay here you will get a better (and cheaper) experience elsewhere - such as a Holiday Inn!	
Mar 6 2009 	Definately Worth Trying	We were a bit concerned about staying at the Tower as there have been some dodgy reviews. We did however, based on the review ask for one of their upgraded rooms. It appears that the Hotel has recently been purchased by the Guomen Hotel Group, and is undergoing refurbishment some if which was going on during our stay.Basically they appear to have completed the 5th Floor Room only, and thats the floor we stayed on.On arrival, there were plenty of staff around to assist, and, as we were early our bags were taken to the Baggage Room automatically, and would be taken to our room once we had check-in.The Receptions were friendly and efficient, and our Bags arrived to our room just minutes after we did. The room which was a Club Room with a view of the Tower Bridge, was immaculately clean, and beatifully decorated in modern dark woods with Chocolate, Red and Lime Green Fabrics. There was a really large King Bed (one proper whole bed, not two singles pushed together!), which was topped with White Bed linen, and a variety of attractive Cushions and Roll Cushion. As well as that there was a large Flat Screen TV, Desk, Side Table, Winged Chair, Desk Chair, Mini Bar, Air Conditioning, Safe, Hair Dryer, Kettle, Tea &amp; Coffee Supplies, Cafetiere, Umbrella, Iron and Ironing Board, Clothes Brush, Shoe Bag, Suit Bag, Shopping Bags, Bath Robes, Slippers etc. Also really nice and unusual Artwork on the wall all London themed.The Bathroom was compact but immaculate, with a full size bath, and shower combined. The same dark wood was used here with marble vanity, and speakers for the TV / Radio in the bathroom with separate volume control. There was also a phone in the bathrrom too. Plenty of clean white towels, and Elemis Toiletries. The toiletries where replenished daily as we used them.Each evening our Bed was turned down, the curtains closed and generally retidied for us coming back. The breakfast was in plentiful supply. We are vegetarians and had plenty of choice of Fresh Fruit, Dried Fruit, Cereals, Cheeses, Rolls, Bread, Toast, Fruit Juices, and then from the Hot Selection we had Mushrooms, Beans, Tomatoes, Fried Bread, Scrambled Eggs, Fried Eggs etc. For the Non-Veggies there was Cold Meats, then from the Hot Counter there was Black Pudding, Sausages, Bacon etc. The staff here were very attentive, and efficient.Although we were on a Leisure break we found we need to send a receive a couple of faxes ref. our business. This was attended to with great efficiency and helpfulness by the staff, and delivered to our room.The Concierge was extremely helpful and pleasant, and has a post box, as well as stamps available on top of his Knowledge of how to get around was excellent.Behind the Hotel there is a wonderful selection of Bars, Restaurants, Coffee Houses and Shops. Italian, Indian, Local, French, Japanese, Chinese, Starbucks all within literally 2 minutes walk, and overlooking the Marina, home to the Luxury Yachts. We didn't eat lunch or dinner at the Hotel, as there vegetarian options were a bit to limited. The area had a nice upbeat atmosphere.If we could be ultra critical - the exterior of the Hotel isn't that attractive, a big multi story concrete eyesore, and looks like it is just due for some TLC i.e. window frames painted outside, it belies the effiency, quality and porfessionalism of the inside. Also the windows in the room where very much like that of an Ocean liner which was charming, but they had no draught seals on them, and being 5 floors up there was a noticeable chill from them.Other Great Points:3 Minutes Walk to The Tower Of London3 Minutes Walk on to Tower Bridge5 Minutes Walk to the Boat which goes to the O2 Stadium5 Minutes Walk to the Tube Station20 Minutes Walk to The Globe Theatre40 Minutes Walk to the London EyeFull on View of the Tower of London or the Lovely Marina from the RoomRoom service available for no extra charge at Breakfast for Upgraded Club RoomsDefinately we would come back and stay here again, we came to see Tina Turner at the O2 and also to see Wicked at the Appollo Theatre, the Hotel is a world away from our last experience of the London Hotel we stayed on the Strand last time we came to see The Lion Kind. One last note - We phoned to ask the cost of Internet in the rooms, and we were told £30 for 24 hours, which we thought was pretty extreme. In fact when we arrived (without our laptop) it turned out to just £10 for 24 hours.	
Mar 3 2009 	Sadly very bad customer service	On morning of departure bathroom flooded when water from bath flooded back into room from grid in bathroom floor. When reporting this to reception on leaving and paying bill didnt even get an apology. In fact manager was quite aggressive in her attitude. I was concerned that someone could have had a nasty fall. As it was I ended up with a flooded bathroom and mopped it away with towels! Not what is expected in a relatively expensive hotel! I would not go back here.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great location but......	Great location overlooking Tower Bridge. However, room (2nd floor) was very tired. New tv doesn't make an new room. Bedroom was large but double bed was two pushed together. Furniture looked tired. Toilet roll holder falling off. Bathroom door's varnish was peeling off. Room looked nothing like the ones shown on the web site and the &quot;Elemis&quot; products shown were replaced with Thistle's shampoo! Disappointed and would suggest a Holiday Inn Express or similar would be a better room (&amp; definateley cheaper)!	
Feb 19 2009 	although the service always seems erratic I love this hotel	I've stayed here on business several times and although the check in process never seems to go smoothly and I've had to request a change of room a couple of times, and always end up having to ask for an extra (or larger) bathtowel, I really rather like this place.The rooms are comfortable and quiet, the views over the thames (especially if you can get a tower bridge view) are fabulous and you can listen to the sounds of the river as you drift off to sleep - I like that.Its right in St Katherines dock, which is a nice and safe feeling place to stroll around of an evening, with plenty of places to eat.The hotel staff are friendly and pleasant.There are better designed hotels, with better service, but there's something about this one that charms me.Oh, and its only a few minutes stroll (past the tower of london) to the river boat dock - if you have to commute to anywhere on the river for business or pleasure I thoroughly recommend the river boat trip up the thames - I take it to canary wharf - so much more civilised in the morning than the tube or dlr and way less crowded.	
Feb 19 2009 	Overall great - but one big niggle	Location is stunning next to Tower Bridge. Underground 5 minutes walk. A little isolated in terms of shopping and particularly in the evenings. Room was fine, still the same as when it was a Thistle Hotel. Major issue with breakfast though. The hot tray was poor and not kept up to speed. I would be upset if I had been asked to pay £8 for it let along the £18 on the menu. Will definitely go back, but if you go, make sure you get breakfast included in your deal.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great....As always!	We stayed here for 2 nights in mid february. We have stopped here before on 2 occasions and keep coming back...The service is great and whole ambience of the hotel is lovely. OK, the location might not be everybodies cup of tea but the view from the bar across the river and the bridge makes up for a 15 minute tube journey from the West End. We asked for a room overlooking Tower Bridge on a high floor and this is what we got!I would not stop in any other hotel in London now even though there are 'posher' and more central hotels. Would definitely recommend.	
Feb 16 2009 	Very disappointed	I booked the Tower based on my experience staying at The Cumberland Hotel (also in the Gourman chain) which we where hugely impressed by. However The Tower hotel is very very disappointing compared to the Cumberland. We booked a Superior Room and it was grotty, the bed was two beds pushed together, the bathroom was dirty and of a low standard. The room generally was tatty and certainly nothing like the pictures displayed on the website. When we booked, the room description stated that we would receive Elemis toiletries - there were none in the room. Also the mini bar was empty! The only good thing was the view. I certainly would not recommend this hotel and I think it is of a low quality. I dread to think what the standard of the standard rooms are if mine was a superior!	
Feb 12 2009 	A real mixed bag with some highs and lows	I stayed with colleagues and guests one evening and the following evening by myself. On arrival I checked in shortly after one of my guests to be told that I had to pay for the room which we had booked through an agency to be billed back to our company. My guest had no such problems but the hotel would not check in the same way for me as my guest. Eventually following a lengthly call with someone from our company and an email from the booking agency I checked in. Check in took a good 30 minutes.The room was tatty and worn but I am sure it looked nice in the nineties. The bed was two singles pushed together which is a pet hate and the pillows and duvet were flat as pancakes. Everything was very clean though.On the plus side the view was out of this world despite being on the first floor I had an amazing view of tower bridge which when lit up was breathtaking.I met my colleagues in the bar for drinks and service was great with drinks being repleneshed straight away and the bar staff recalling what everyone was drinking.I had breakfast in bedwhich was Ok but that is about all I can say other than when it arrived at the room at 8.35 instead of 8.30 when requested the waiter was very apologetic. Which as it was only 5 mins was nice.The following night I went to the bar for an hour by myself and the barman not only recalled my drink but also which room to put it on. When I once again had problems charging to my room because of the original check in problem he went to reception and resolved the problem himself whilst I drooled over the lovely view again.Check out was easy and if you are happy to have your card charged which you registered with you simply hand your key in and leave.Overall it was OK but the rooms desparately need to be done. You can have a nicer room paying a charge for a refurbished room on the 5th floor but frankly you are paying enough already.	
Feb 6 2009 	customer service very poor	I was booked into this hotel for one night on business. Got to my room to find minibar locked and unable to get it opened wantewd galss of wine with dinnner; told it had malfunctioned and I would be given a new room and that someone would come to help me move. I should have gone back down for key myself as I waited an hour to be moved! Hurrah room with minibar; told ice machin on floor above - yes it was but it was broken. Then asked for a bucket of ice to have with the wine from the minibar ! After another hour no ice! Also no wine glasses in room despite well stocked minibar with wine and champagne; rang to ask where ice was - told it had gone to the room I have been moved out of; asked re wine glasses; told they were not standard in rooms. By now been in hotel for 2 hours and its 9 pm. Drank wine, not chilled enough out of tumbler from bathroom with my dinnner ... 1/2 hour later ... yes whilst in bath ... room service arrived with ice bucket. aaargghh.Room noisy.Gym very poor with broken equipment.Whole experience not very good; for the money I have had much better.	
Feb 1 2009 	A Lesson in an English Virtue - Queing!	We booked a one night B&amp;B stay here through Superbreaks.The location of this hotel is stunning - it is right next to Tower Bridge and St Katharines Dock. There seem to be splendid views all around. It is a bit of a treck from Tower Hill underground station, but apart from the steps at the station entrance this is pretty much on the level, with no roads to cross.If you are unfamiliar with London - remember that Tower Bridge and The Tower of London are on the Eastern-most edge of 'tourist London' so you are not at the heart of things, and everywhere else will be a ride away! (Although, if you are feeling fit, the Thames Path goes right to Westminster - and beyond). If you can afford London taxis there were always plenty waiting outside whenever we went outside.Arrival at the hotel was - as predicted by other reveiwers - to a queue to check in. I can't somehow fault the reception staff as they seemed to be working at full capacity - it's just that the number of desks were overwhelmed (and this was at 15:30).The reception desk will try to offer you an upgrade. We were offered a £20 or £35 upgrade to a better room.The room we had was large enough for the biggest bed I've ever slept in! There was a (good quality) flat screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities - yes there was a cafetiere and real coffee too! And what a view! Through the real opening window we could see Tower Bridge and accross the river. There was no significant traffic noise, but there was a bit of a smell of cooking coming up from below. We could see other rooms, but not into them. The hotel is on the South side of the river so it gets afternoon sun, and a sunset over Tower Bridge - it also gets the wind coming along the river, straight from the North Sea!We had a cracking night's sleep, on the really comfy bed - although the pillows did seem a bit limp!Breakfast was being served in two places on the ground floor and the Carvery on the first floor - all with very long queues. When we eventually got breakfast it was very good - typical buffet style, good quality bacon and sausages. The staff were trying really hard, but were a bit reluctant to let us have a second pot of tea. The hotel was clearly overwhelmed at breakfast time too.A large number of the guests appeared to be on coach trips to London, and there were a fair few coaches outside the hotel. We didn't hear any foreign accents (unless you count Welsh!)We didn't take our evening meal in the hotel - although we noticed that they were doing a good value special of 2 courses for £13.95. We walked east along the Thames Path to Town of Ramsgate pub in Wapping - quite a way, but splendid value in a great atmosphere.Again, we had to queue to checkout!The hotel offers a very efficient left luggage facility at the Concierge desk, if you need to leave bags on your last day.We would very happily stay here again, and would recommend it to anyone who could get a room at the sort of price we paid.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good value fantastic location	Excellent location, 3 min walk to nearby underground, Hotel next to Tower, with fantastic views from the Restaurant bar area. We had a room whick looked down the back into the St. Kathrines dock. The room was small but functional and clean, with good size bathroom. We arrived at late morning, the room was not ready yet, but we were offered to leave the baggage with the concierge, which was fine. We payed £90 for the room without breakfast which was excellent value. We did not have breakfast in the Hotel as within 3 min walking we were at the St Kathrines Docks where you have a wide choice of nice little coffeeshops, which serve excellent breakfast.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great	I have stayed at this hotel many times for business and always had a great experience.Reception are efficient and friendly. Rooms are of a good size for a central London hotel and comfortable with good fixtures and fittings.If you are lucky enough to get a Tower view room its great.. you see all the way down the thames to the eye.It is a 10 minute stroll from the tube, and a 2 min walk to the tower of london.St Katherines docks host a number of nice bars and restaurants and makes a great meeting place on summer evenings.Breakfast is great. Only have eaten once via room service but was very nice and plenty food for a reasonable cost.	
Jan 18 2009 	Pretty much faultless	Good: large, well furnished rooms. Spotless. Amazing location. Friendly and helpful staff.Bad: breakfast. £22 for a buffet full English is stretchy the bounds of reality. Similarly the cost per night ... I wasn't paying as I was there on business but if it was me who was paying I think you could find similar standard for less elsewhere.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Location - Fantastic Views	Great central location with great views if you book a Tower VIew Room. Comfortable rooms and more spacious that you would expect in this location.	
Jan 4 2009 	Good Experience	Always wanted to stay at this hotel because of the view and we were not dissapointed,Excellent value for money quick check in reception staff helpful wonderful accessible room over looking Tower Bridge.Staff did everything to help courteous ,friendly and polite room was cold once we told reception this was quickly remedied we had not turned on switch.Carvery was good value and breakfast plentiful .Plenty of taxis close to riverboat and attractions.Views in the bars are the best.Would certainly go again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Mixed bag.	I used my Tesco vouchers for this break which is a great, cheap way to do parts of London. £300 pounds worth doesn't buy much in London though........We had a Deluxe room which i would describe as ok'ish. We were there for the wifes birthday weekend and the location is perfect for The Tower of London etc.We had evening trips planned for a comedy club at The Embankment and Wicked at The Apollo Theatre which were easily reached from the nearby tubestation.Having to que for breakfast both mornings is a bit much i think. They did however offer free room service breakfast as an alternative. The hotel bar is very expensive too.The location is great, the accomodation is expensive for what it is. If i had paid the £300 rather than using my vouchers i may have been a little more annoyed.	
Dec 15 2008 	A Let Down	My husband a weekend away as part of my xmas present.He booked what as classed on their website as the romance on the river package.The package was champagne on arrival bath-robes slippers, and complimentary room service breakfast in a deluxe room.We had a speedy check in and the lady at check in let us know that there were extras in our room.On getting to our room 381 there was nothing in our room and if that was classed as deluxe I would not like to stay in their standard rooms.We had a safe with no door!!Basic toiletries no face cloths.We had to phone down for our champagne and robes which arrived 20 mins later with no apology.Booked our breakfast and I can honestly say it was one of the worst breakfast's I have had in London, served by the most unsmiling waiter. Hubby went down for breakfast the next day and had to queue for 20mins and it was no better except you had a choice off eggs.The only thing this hotel could be classed 4* is location which is fantastic.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great place	I booked a weekend theatre trip for my husbands birthday and the hotel I chose was the Guoman Tower. Our room was not ready when we arrived but as check in was stated on our booking as 2pm, we were one hour early. We were invited to leave our bag with the concierge, which we did, and took a walk to St Katherines Dock about 2 minutes away, and found a nice place called Dickens Inn, where we enjoyed a a bar meal, which was very good value. We strolled back to the hotel and checked in, with excellant service at the desk and when we reached our room we discovered we had a wonderful view of London Tower Bridge, it was pretty breathtaking. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The shower was great, it was so powerful and invigorating. The bed was comfortable too.We had a full English breakfast on the next morning and it could not be faulted. They had everything you could possibly want and their waiting staff were very polite too.This hotel was the icing on the cake of a wonderful weekend.	
Dec 10 2008 	One of my least favourite hotels in London for the price/rating	Having stayed in this hotel several times in the past few years, the last renovation/name change has done little to improve the experience when staying here. Main issues: - with such a large hotel, the staff are stretched - check in takes a long time, check out even longer, and even simple things like sending a porter to my room to move me to another took 45mins- &quot;renovated rooms&quot; - been done in a very cosmetic way - a big plasma does not make the rooms better! - depending on room location, can be very noisy from the traffic around Tower Bridge- noise travels from room to room- taxis - not readily available Pluses - close enough to the City for business, if you can get a cab... - good location for tourists - it is magical to look out over the Thames and Tower Bridge. Overall, this hotel has a rating that over-states the reality of its rooms and service. For the price I paid, there are better value-for-money places to stay in London - perhaps if you manage to get a good discounted deal, then it is worth it, but certainly not at rack rates, or even at the arranged corporate rate my firm has.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great view comfortable room	Booked in for one night for a standard room.Lovely comfortable clean stylish room, great picture window view over St Katherines Dock.Room was of a lovely size, with table and chairs also a comfortable sofa. Plenty of amenities such as wadrobe space and suitcase rack. Surfaces to put kettle on to make tea &amp; coffee.Lovely quiet room with a very comfortable bed. Bathroom all amenties including bath. Breakfast was great, good choice and well cooked. Car parking on hotel premises very convenient. Staff very helpful. Public areas have great view of Tower Bridge.Did not have dinner or other meals on this occasion, so cannot comment.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great views.	Modern hotel in stunning riverside location. Check-in was very slow despite having confirmation papers, the check-in person spoke so quietly he could not be heard in a busy environment. Stayed in a beautifully appointed single room with spectacular views of the river, London Bridge and London Tower. Bathroom was modern, well appointed and exceptionally clean. Unusually there were three telephones available for use including one by the loo! Ate in the restaurant both for evening meal and breakfast. The food was of high quality. My only criticism was that the plates were cold and the food was only warm when it reached the table. Booking out was the opposite experience to booking in, in that a member of hotel staff collected the swipe cards from those standing in the queue who had no extras to pay.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Location but hotel (and staff) below parr!	The location is simply fantastic - right beside the Tower Bridge which looks simply stunning (especially when illuminated at night!)The nearest tube station is Tower Hill (two stops on circle line from Liverpool Street.) The walk to the hotel, from the tube is fabulous - along the perimeter wall of the Tower of London.The hotel is right beside St Katherine's Dock - a beautiful setting with a lovely selection of bars and restaurants.However, I couldn't help be a little disappointed with the hotel itself - it wasn't cheap - at £189 per room per night. We stayed in a deluxe room - had a massive bed but not a lot else going for it. It simply looked a little tired and in need of a refurb.We also had some delays and admin issues at both check in and check out.Would I stay again - yes - location simply can't be beaten!	
Nov 12 2008 	Was Ok	My Boyfriend and I stayed in the Tower Hotel in November 2008. It was a gift for my birthday - a virgin experience theatre break. We did not choose this hotel Virgin Experience did this for us. We were so excited about going, the pictures on the hotel looked amazing we knew the location was going to be fantastic and for the whole weekend costing £325 we thought yep this hotel was going to be a posh one :-) WRONG!!!The hotel reception area was amazing it looked lovely, we did have wait to check in for quite a long time and there didn't seem to be any such system, if you pushed hard enough you would be seen first. It was quite busy and there were only 3 reception staff on duty! Once we got checked in we went to our rooms. Well don't be fooled by the pictures on the website I think they must only belong to the pent house apartments on the top floor :-). Our room had a great few over look the boots in the harbor but the room was basic and pretty small. The bathroom was clean and the towels were fine.We were pretty hungry after travelling a while so we thought we would order some food. We looked at the menu and started laughing £15 for a sandwich. As much as i was being spoilt of my birthday i couldn't justify that so we decided to go and find somewhere else. There are lots of places to eat around the hotel so well worth going for a walk just outside its great and much cheaper than the hotel.We had a fantastic night in London and watched the Lion King it was great, got back to the hotel and slept... the bed was comfortable and the pillows were very nice :-). The breakfast the next day was advertised at £18.75 for a Full English. Lucky ours was included in our rate. We thought we would leave breakfast until pretty late (or so we thought 10am) we got down to the breakfast area and it was queuing to get in. We stayed in the queue for 30 minutes NOT IMPRESSED!! When we finally did get to sit down the breakfast was pretty horrible the bacon was so salty and the eggs were runny and there wasn't anything special about it at all.The prices advertised on the board were £260 a night, the hotel was nice but it was not £260 nice!!! Would I go there again, probably not, i think there are probably cheaper but better hotels out there than this one. Shame though because they are setting themselves up for reviews like this one when they advertise such a fantastic looking hotel on their website!!!	
Nov 10 2008 	Excellent Value near the city	I booked this hotel after going there for dinner. Having initially walked up to the desk and being quoted £249 for the evening I used my phone to check expedia and found I could book online for £99 inc. breakfast for the two of us. Suffice to say we agree that I'd pay the lower price. I also got a free upgrade as they were n't overly full.The hotel itself has an excellent postion next to St Katherines dock. It looks awful from the outside but once inside it's a different story. Rooms are clean and very well appointed - should you want to watch TV you get a 40&quot; LCD. The bathrooms again clean and very nice marble.Staff were always polite and freindly (despite having to come down £150 on the rate) and all in all it was a very good evening out. Breakfast is a bufffet affair but don't be put off, the fast turnover of food means its always hot and well (not over) cooked. One to remember for the back pocket on a friday night if your stuck in town.	
Nov 10 2008	Wasn't impressed	I booked this hotel seeing the pictures of the rooms on the website. On the web site it looked like it had something a little special being such a great location and having amazing views. I paid extra to have a deluxe room as it was a special occation, Well what can I say the room was small the decor was dated nothing to what they had shown you on the web site. The view was average. The bed was hard the towls where thin... Nothing what so ever to what i expected. I had to queue for quite sometime for check in and saw other people having problems with there booking. All I can say if you want a average stay somewhere this will do. I have to say they refuned me some money on check out without me saying anything think they may have gave me the wrong room. But to be honest I was more upset that I had wanted the stay to be special money wasn't a issue...	
Nov 9 2008 	Fantastic service fantastic views fantastic location	I booked a twin executive room at the hotel. When checking in, I asked if we could have a bridge view room, and unfortunately, there were none that were non-smoking, so we took the smoking, bridge view, executive twin room. The room didn't smell of smoke thankfully, so it was absolutely fine. The view was amazing. We arrived at night, so the bridge was lit up beautifully.We ordered breakfast at 2am, and it was delivered to our door at the time we specified. And later that night, we used room service and that was perfect.Highly recommend the hotel. It would have been nice to have free internet access, considering it was an executive room. That was £9/day extra.	
Nov 7 2008 	Superb hotel outstanding value!!	This is one of those times where i seem to have been in a parallel universe to some of the previous reviewers - based on some of the older photos, i suspect that a lot more of this hotel has been renovated than just the 5th floor deluxe rooms!I stayed one night on business, prior to an exhibition in the hotel the following day. We paid under a hundred pounds for the most basic room offered, so you can imagine i had definite qualms about what we'd get.First, checkin staff were delightful - i asked about a quiet room and was offered either a bridge or marina view room - went with the latter as they advised that there are fewer people passing under the window etc. I was offered an upgrade to a deluxe room for £40, this would've included complimentary car parking which i was paying £20 for anyway, so i think a very good deal. Our expenses policy wouldn't agree, so i had to decline!I was on the first floor, and was told that all the rooms at my rate were. The corridor looked way more promising than expected when i got out of the lift (see photos), very recently decorated and good quality finishing. The room itself was absolutely perfect for a business stay; understated decor, comfortable bed with nice white linens, clean and well fitted bathroom with a decent shower. There was a large widescreen plasma TV on the desk area opposite the bed, plus a minibar (not stocked but could be on request) and tea/coffee making facilities - i didn't check these out but my work colleague noted that there was a cafetiere and filter coffee, not the usual sachet of nescafe. Ice machines available on alternate floors, and an ice bucket provided.My only tiny gripe was that it was officially a nonsmoking room and corridor, but there was a definite &quot;old smoke&quot; smell in the room. They'd probably have moved me if i'd asked, but for me it wasn't worth the bother - not bad enough to make my clothes smell or anything.I had a pretty view over the marina and a totally peaceful night's sleep. Breakfast next morning was also excellent, no queues seen at any time, options of fruit/yoghurt/cereal/ cold meat &amp; cheese / wide range of cooked stuff, done buffet style.Overall, i have NEVER stayed in a london hotel under £200 where the experience has been tolerable, let alone enjoyable. This place is the mutt's nuts, i just hope the room rates stay as they are and i'll be back every single time i stay in town.Oh, and did i mention the fabulous views over Tower Bridge from the bar? Spectacular at night, and thrown in for free...The staff were also unbelievably helpful around the arrangements for the exhibition, every single one went beyond my expectations: we couldn't get access to the exhibition space the night before, but they helped us get all the stuff out of the van and stored it in the luggage area, so we didn't have to get work clothes dirty lugging it up the following day. A different guy came up at the end of the day and helped me get everything back downstairs again, then waited with it by the entrance whilst i brought the car around, and helped me load the car. May not sound much but makes a HUGE difference to a tired girl with heavy kit to move, facing a long drive home :-)	
Nov 6 2008 	Quiet and comfortable	Lovely view of my friend's yacht in the harbour! Plenty of breakfast options by the water if you get up too late. Huge queue to check in and room rather hot. Otherwise perfect spot in very spectacular area(Tower, Tower Bridge, South Bank etc)Tower Gateway station (DLR) closed at present but very convenient when it re-opens for Canary Wharf etc. Look for deals, upgrades etc on www. I once stayed for £99	
Nov 4 2008 	Loved this hotel	A lovely hotel with a great location. My partner and I found the staff to be friendly, efficient and the room service was very quick.	
Nov 2 2008 	Fantastic	I booked one night in the Tower as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday. When we arrived I upgraded to a recently refurbished room on the fifth floor (room 567) which cost an extra £25. I must say it was well worth every penny and the view of the Tower Bridge was fantastic. The room was very comfortable however my only complaint is that it was a little too warm. The hotel also provided a travel cot for our 6month old son which was very clean and comfortable. I couldn't fault the room and it's facilities at all, we only wished we could have stayed longer. The breakfast was also wonderful but I would advise going early as when we checked out at 9.30am there was a queue right across the foyer just to enter the brasserie. Overall, we had a wonderful stay and would definitely book again.	
Nov 1 2008 	Excellent but pricey	Excellent quality - spacious room with lovely view overlooking St Katharines Dock. Unlike most hotels in London it was nice and quiet so got a good night's sleep. But you pay for quality and this was over my budget, so over in fact I had to change hotels! Also - no free wifi, something I'd expect for the price I paid!	
Oct 30 2008 	Very very good standards	Stayed here on business and could not fault it.Superb location with absolutely wonderful views. I ordered a room service dinner, and although pricey, the food was simply amazing!The room was of a very good standard and well worth the money.Staff were polite and service was faultless.	
Oct 28 2008 	Second time around love it!	This is the second time me and my husband have stayed at the Tower and we can safely say that we wouldn't stay anywhere else in London.We first stayed before Christmas 2007 for 2 nights and had a room that was yet to be refurbished. We paid for the upgrade to have a king size bed and I have never seen such a huge bed in my life! We could have used one side of it just to store our suitcases!To top it off we had fantastic views across to Tower Bridge. We could literally lay on the bed with the lights off and see it laying down! We were on the 3rd floor. It was quite a walk from the lift, and this was the only downside, but if thats the only thing we can complain about then its pretty safe to say the hotel is great.I work in the travel industry as a travel agent and some people complain about the silliest things. We could not fault the Tower at all.The second trip around was in August to see few exhibitions and we again booked the Tower,When booking through their website, we got a special rate as we signed up to the hotels emails to advise of special rates.We also mentioned that this was our second trip to the hotel (and I also mentioned that I had stayed at the Towers sister hotel, the Cumberland at Marble Arch)When we checked in, which is always fast and painless, the lady (who was very happy and smiley, which made us even more happy and smiley) asked if we wanted to upgrade to a refurbished room on the 5th floor. As we had a limited budget for the weekend, we declined, but were extremely grateful when she said that as repeat customers we would get the upgrade for free, which saved us £100!!!What a start to a fantastic weekend!We'd again requested views across Tower Bridge and were not dissapointed. The room was a nice size, with brand new fittings and features, and very tastefully decorated. The bed was so comfy and we slept really well. The shower was powerful with plenty of hot water, and completely spick and span. Could not fault the cleanliness at all. The first time we stayed, breakfast was included. It was ok, not the best cooked breakfast I've ever had, but a reasonable way to start the day. We also ordered room service in, and it was very tasty, not too expensive.The hotel is about a 4-5 minute walk to Tower Hill station, with great links to the rest of London.The hotel is also right next to the Tower of london, and also HMS Belfast if World War 2 history is your thing, Also St Katharines Docks. When walking from the hotel to the Tube, the walls of the tube are decorated with history about the area, which is very interesting and well worth a look.All in all, I will be back, as is our yearly tradition. We will always stay here and look forward to our next visit!	
Oct 25 2008 	Wish I stayed longer!	I stayed here for 1 night last week. I really wish I had booked longer here, as It really is a lovely hotel. Fantastic views accross the river Thames, St Katherines dock and Tower bridge, from our room and the bar, which has a huge window to enjoy the panoramic views. Lovely rooms, Comfy big double bed, Nice fluffy dressing gown and the best bit.... Complimentary Elemis products in the bathroom. Flat screen tv, Large window, and soundproof. The hotel is very modern/contemporary throughout, and rooms nicely decorated.I liked the hotels location, and we enjoyed the walk from our hotel, along the south bank to westminster bridge. This took us around an hour, taking the time to enjoy the sights. Cannot comment on breakfast, As we woke up too late. But other guests had nothing but praise. cooked and continental on offer. I would definately stay here next time I come to London. It is such good value for money!	
Oct 24 2008 	Great HotelBrilliant location excellent staff	I stayed in The Tower for 2 nights in Oct '08 on a business trip. I hadn't stayed her before and having read the previous reviews was a bit worried that the rooms may not be very good. I can only go by my own experience of the hotel and can say that I had 2 of the best nights I have spent in a hotel in London. The hotel was spotlessly clean, the staff were friendly and all that I would expect for this kind of price, the room that I stayed in was excellent with a wonderful view. I also used the Brasserie on both nights, the food was very good - it wasn't cheap - you don't get cheap in a London hotel, but you also don't always get value for money - this was. Again the staff in the restaurant were excellent, they could not have been more helpful - on the second night the hotel had just changed the menu - I had a chicken dish that was top quality. The location of the hotel cannot be beaten in London with a view directly out onto the Thames right next to Tower Bridge, a one minute walk to the Tower of London and loads of other sights, if that is what you want. The conference facilities at the hotel were also top class. I can't recommend this one more highly - I don't give praise lightly but this trip deserved it. Don't know if the other reviewers got them on a bad day - maybe the change of ownership is still bedding in but my experience was first class.	
Oct 8 2008 	Average	I stayed here on business for three nights and the room's were extremely average. Four of us stayed here and only one of us had a room that met the standards of the price we had paid. The rooms are an extremely long walk from the lifts and when my key card didn't work for the third time this became extremely irritating! I would not recommend anyone to stay here, rooms were below average and the staff were extremely unhelpful.	
Sep 28 2008 	Customer Service is indeed dead!	Stayed here on a business trip, and had a terrible experience. The room was OK, just OK, and not worth the price I (my company) paid. Breakfast was good, but the worst part was the internet access--£15 PER DAY. What they don't tell you is that you can buy it at a &quot;discount&quot; rate of £10 per day (online, I found out later, see below), so they sold me three days as soon as I checked in, for £45. The internet service is validated with the use of a 24-hour scratch off cards, but on the last day my third card didn't work, and the hotel would not replace it. Nor would BT (the service provider), each saying it was the fault of the other. I eventually wrote to the hotel's customer service and got a refund, as I had to purchase a fourth day, but on the third day I was in the lobby at 6AM, very irate, not having showered, with BT on my mobile and customer service in my other ear trying to straighten it out, and I got absolutely no service from the front desk. To top it off, they had run out of cards, and only then was I told I could purchase service online, which I had to do as I got no help from the front desk, who insisted that I had used all three cards even though I had only been there 50 hours. Can you imagine a hotel putting a guest through that? It doesn't take a Ph.D. in customer service to realize that there were better solutions than getting a customer irate.The location is good, the views can be good (mine wasn't but that is what I hear), but the customer service was awful. I had other bad customer experiences at the Tower as well, but that was definitely the worst. Trust me, if you have options and customer service is important, you should go to another hotel. This place will not respect you at all. If you do stay and have requested a non-smoking room, make sure you check it first because mine reeked of cigarette smoke and I had to change rooms.	
Sep 24 2008 	predictable	Stayed 2 nites for a business conference. This hotel has changed hands several times in a short time and may show up in reviews under different names. The new proprietors, Guoman, have upgraded several floors. The upgrades are a material improvement over others, but you pay $50 more a nite. Rooms are small and tight, although updated rooms are well appointed. Windows can be opened, and it can be pleasant to get fresh air instead the usual recirculated stuffy air. I found the room to be very quiet even with a crying baby next door (which I only heard from the corridor). However, my room faced away from tower bridge and onto the river. The bridge side might be noisy, although the view from upper floors can be dramatic. The bell staff was utterly indifferent and seemed to vanish entirely at times. Desk clerks were pleasant, but somewhat overwhelmed at peak check in. I did not eat here, although conference food provided by the hotel was acceptable. The location is a short walk from the underground and directly on the Thames walkway and within steps of the tower of london. However, the main tourist sights (national gallery, westminster, etc) are too far away to walk to. Tour boats regularly depart from the dock out front. Cab service can be a bit challenging because of the unorthodox location away from main roads. This is a difficult property for tourists to get to with bags via public transportation because the nearest underground stop entails a 10 minute walk with numerous stairs. Better to take a taxi from one of the main transport hubs. There is a charge for wireless internet access. In all, better than a US marriott if you pay for a room upgrade, but comparable otherwise.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great view shame about the room.	If you are the sort of business person who thinks that a good nights sleep is an important pre-requisite to a heavy meeting the next day, then this hotel is certainly not for you.I should actually like The Tower - its location is amazing both for the view, and for its proximity to the City business area. There are also good deals available. However there must be something dramatically wrong with its engineering. On three (out of five) separate visits I have been tormented by noise emanating from the building itself. Be it fan noise from the kitchens or worse from the boiler rooms, this place whines, vibrates and hums louder than anywhere I've ever stayed.The last time was the limit. Sorry guys, great views and convenience are OK, but we do need to sleep as well. Never again.	
Sep 6 2008 	Amazing views	We have just returned home from out stay at this hotel, and would like to say that our stay was more than satisfactory. The hotel was easy to access by public transport, check-in was efficient and friendly, and the view from our room on the 10th floor was way beyond our expectations. We looked out on to Tower Bridge and the River Thames, and the view stretched beyond as far as Crystal Palace. Our room was very clean, beds were extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was also clean, and had everything we needed. As well as two single beds, the room also had a table, two comfortable chairs, plenty of drawer and wardrobe space, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, and good lighting. The rooms on the other side of the hotel look out on St Katharine Dock, which is almost equally beautiful. We booked our stay direct with the hotel, as they offered the best rate at the time, and that was all dealt with efficiently.	
Aug 29 2008 	Very nice room - shambolic breakfast	Slap bang next to Tower Bridge and 10 minutes walk from Tower Hill tube station the Tower Hotel is a 1970's block which, from the outside looking in promises nothing, but from inside looking out has some terrific views.Our room on the fifth floor was very clean, well equipped but rather souless in character. However, the bed was large and comfortable, the bathroom well fitted out and a modern flat-screen television (and that view!) made it altogether a very good room.The room was in the hotel's (middle) &quot;deluxe&quot; price bracket. We were able to see in to one of the cheaper rooms on a lower floor and they certainly were showing signs of age!Reception was efficient, the concierge staff helpful, and, following an excellent night's sleep, everything appeared to be shaping up for a most pleasant weekend.Until we hit breakfast. Sunday morning; no rush; come down at 10.00 (breakfast on a Sunday available until 11.00) and lo-and-behold a queue from The Brasserie stretching in front of the reception desk. Therefore up to the next floor to the other breakfast location (The Carvery) where the queue was even longer! Back down to the Brasserie (the queue appeared not to have moved) and into line.That was at 10.05 - we eventually were seated at a table at 10.30 - a full 25 minutes!At one stage a member of staff came along and said she realised there was a queue (how's that for stating the obvious!) but if guests preferred they could get coffee and a croissant at a service point in the hallway.The hallway area is large and could easily accommodate a number of chairs so if there are not enough tables why not sit guests down at those chairs, take a room number and then call them through when a table becomes available? The answer was simple - only 1 person on the door and he was having to lay up tables as well as deal with guests. No visible management presence!Once we were finally seated we noted that tea and coffee was served from insulated jugs by a member of staff. No proper tea or coffee pots put on the table. Everything else was a help youself buffet. Mediocre quality sausage and the most anaemic scrambled eggs I have ever seen.Did we learn our lesson? No! Rather than book breakfast in the room for our second morning we again came down (this time a little earlier) and this time 3 queues (they at least had had the sense to open a vacant function room) but again no real sense of urgency from the staff, no organisation in relaying tables, and food quality that was more boarding house that 4-star hotel.All told I would find it very difficult to recommend the Tower Hotel. We only stayed their because our usual haunt (also in the same group) was full. If this happens again in the future I won't accept the Tower Hotel as an alternative.	
Aug 28 2008 	fantastic hotel	not a very good exterior but brilliant ,staff very helpful and friendly and exceptional view of tower from room. Room very clean could do with a bit more colour , but well worth a visit. Two Wetherspoons nearby,one across the Bridge and one about 500 yards past Tower, both very good value with decent food.	
Aug 28 2008	Disappointing "4 star" hotel	We spent 2 nights at the Guoman Tower during a weekend tour trip to London. The location is spectacular, right beside Tower Bridge. The decor in our room was dated and the furniture had tonnes of scratches and dents in it. Another member of our tour group said their bed was broken. It's definately time for renovations. OK if you're spending most of your time sight-seeing, but I'm sure there are cheaper accomodations that would be fine. Check-in and check-out was smooth. Breakfast on Saturday morning had a huge line-up so we skipped it. We did have breakfast on Sunday. A stern hostess brought us to our table and commanded us to sit without a friendly smile or &quot;good morning.&quot; Food was average.Next time I go to London it won't be with a tour group and I will choose another accommodation.	
Aug 23 2008 	Hated the Tower	This hotel, whilst having a great location near the Thames, is very poor - cramped old fashioned rooms which if you are on the first floor are also noisy early hours when the rubbish bins are emptied. The room in which I stayed had 3 single beds - all of which were long past overdue for replacing - the springs had gone and dug into my back. The remaining furniture was shabby - the chairs were too big for the room and you struggle to squeeze past them!The shower was Ok - but mold on the ceiling, and it wasn't particularly clean.The lift in a morning is a nightmare, so I used the stairs - they were being mopped at the time, so hence I then slipped -the end of an awful stay. I would recommend the Crowne plaza on Shoreditch High St - much better rooms and cleaner - and near some great restaurants in Hoxton. This used to be a poorer area, but is very much up and coming and near some tube stations to get around the City.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great location	I stayed here with my spouse for 5 nights and found it extremely comfortable. We had requested a non smoking room and a king bed ahead of time, but not a view. When we arrived and I realized how close it actually is to the Tower Bridge I asked if we could have a preferred view. Luckily there was no problem and we got a great room on the 5th floor looking directly out to the Thames and the Tower Bridge. The room is small if you are used to hotel rooms in the US, but it is fine as far as European or UK standards. There was a small seating area and a desk. A great flat screen TV. The robes were great and I was surprised how great the hairdryer was for a hotel. Sheets, pillows and bed were comfortable. I read on another review that there are refurbished rooms, so I am assuming we had one. Be sure to ask when booking. It's at least a 10 minute walk to the Tower Bridge Tube. If it's windy, raining or you are with someone who has trouble walking I would keep that in mind. We never used the gym, but I believe there is a charge for it if you are not staying on certain floors. There is wireless internet and since we were there for 5 nights we got the 30 day package for 40 pounds which I think is a lot, but we needed it. There is a Starbucks within walking ditance which was nice. We ate at a casual Italian restaurant Zizzy twice (within walking distance) and had a nice dinner both nights. Not out of this world, but good. Service not so great (that was almost everywhere we went though.) I used the concierge a couple of times and they were friendly and helpful. Bring a small umbrella with you! They were out of the ones they lend out on a rainy morning and told you that you could buy one. The St. Catherine's dock is right outside the hotel, so you can catch a boat and take it to a few different places. We went to Greenwich for the day and it was a nice getaway (I would only do that if you've seen all the major attractions in the city.) You need to do a lot of walking in Greenwich, so do it on a nice day and buy a round trip boat ticket (you will save money.)	
Aug 17 2008 	Enjoyable stay....	Have just returned from spending the weekend celebrating my 50th birthday with my husband and daughters at Tower Hotel. Booked two deluxe rooms with guaranteed views of Tower Bridge and wondered what sort of view this would be just a glimpse? NO i was not disappointed both rooms had an amazing view. The rooms were comfortable and clean. We ate on two occassions in the hotel where the food was good and service was pleasent. We queued for a few minutes for breakfast in the Carvery but then were quickly redirected to another function room where breakfast was being served. The food was hot and plentiful. Reception staff were helpful and efficient. The area surrounding the hotel was very nice, would recommend having a wander around St Katherines docks. Overall would definitlely stay at the hotel in the future.	
Aug 13 2008 	Peaceful stay in peak season	The Guoman was the venue for an overnight stay on a coach trip to tour Buckingham Palace.We arrived early evening tired and very wet after a summer downpour.Check-in was simple and we were soon in our room drying off with the 2 hairdryers(very handy).We quickly had drinks ready -pleased to see proper teapot and cafetiere.The room was very clean and comfy with a pleasant view over St Katherine's Dock. We both had a good nights sleep as it was so peaceful for an inner London Hotel. The bathroon was clean with lovely BIG fluffy towels and Elemis toiletries.Read earlier reviews so arrived at 7:15 am for our Continental breakfast (fairly standard quality) and waited just 5mins. As we came out there were very long queues to go in. Only drawback was having to wait a while for one of the 4 lifts.All in all, great location,no problems and would recommend The Tower.	
Aug 7 2008 	Good Hotel	This is a very good choice if you want to stay in the City (tourists might need to be aware of the fact that when we talk about the City we mean the Financial District - not London as such - most tourist hotels are in the West End) . Alternatives such as the Grange or the Nototel by the Tower are nowhere near as good and in the case of the Grange more expensive and strangely the Grange is a five star whereas this is a four star - and better.Location is very good, next to Tower Bridge, Circle Line is easily accessible from Tower Hill and there's plenty of bus routes and always a line of Taxis outside. Rooms are excellent, very clean, spacious, good bathroom, all mod cons etc. Usual mountain of pillows and cushions on the bed (why do hotels do that?).It was very busy during my stay and there was a very long queue for breakfast and this would be my only complaint. I've also stayed at the Cumberland in Marble Arch which is also owned by Guoman and they have the same problem there - they obviously don't put enough staff on. Probably best to skip breakfast and go to a Starbucks nearby.Staff very helpful and always seem to have a smile on their faces. Generally very impressed.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fab!	The standard of this hotel for a London hotel is good. The room was immaculate and clean, and was an excellent size for a London hotel. There was a good selection of Elemis products in the bathroom as well as robe for use. I was pleased with the service I received over the two nights I stayed from all of the staff I encountered. I had no problem with breakfast (as has been decribed in other reviews here), and found that there was a good selection of food (full English, fruits, cerealsetc) and that it was of good quality. The hotel in in a convenient location and has excellent views of wither Tower bridge or St Katherines Dock. I was most pleased with my experience of this hotel and would return.	
Jul 28 2008 	Smokey room	Check in quick and easy but on entering room on a non-smoking room it immediately smelled of smoke. Contacted reception and after many phone calls which in total lasted about an hour we were finally relocated to another room. Breakfast was very good after a small wait because they were very busy. Location for this hotel is great for bars and resturants. The hotel bar has a great view over the tower bridge but drinks are very expensive even for a london hotel. Would go back if the price does not increae because of the location.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel	I was a little worried when i read reviews for this hotel before my holiday as it has quite alot of bad reviews but i was very pleasantly suprised when we arrived. Firstly we got a taxi from the Train station and when we arrived with our cases someone immediately ran out to greet us and carried our belongings into the hotel. Check was quick and hassel free, staff very curteous. The room was very nice, although i dont think it was a refurbished one. The decor was perhaps a little dated but it was spotless and tidy. The view over st Katherines dock was breathtaking, and we could see the gerkin! Breakfast was very nice, lots to choose from and the staff were very attentive eventhough it was very busy. At night we sat in the outside terrace for drinks, with a lovely view of tower bridge. We had the cavery and it was very nice and good value for money. I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	what a waste!	Stayed here for one night when my husband and I were in London to see Bruce Springsteen. I’m glad we weren’t back in the room until 12.30am after the concert because I don’t think I would have wanted to spend any time there. Granted the hotel is in an excellent location but the minuses definitely outweigh the pluses. I found the lady that checked us in extremely rude. We booked a non-smoking double room but the hotel had obviously overbooked and given our room away so they tried to compensate by giving us a suite on a smoking floor. When I informed them that I wanted a non-smoking room I was told I should be grateful and I was lucky to get a suite! I didn’t care about getting a suite I just wanted a simple room on a non-smoking floor but the lady persisted to argue with me until the manager had to be called. I thought this was totally unprofessional. We ended up getting what we had asked for in the first place which didn’t make any sense at all!The room was fine. Very outdated but comfortable enough and with an amazing view out over the Thames. However the breakfast the following morning was poor. The queues were out into the lobby for both restaurants. When we did get seated nobody came to take our tea/coffee order and the food was cold as it has obviously been sitting out a while. I don’t think I’m overly picky but I expect general manners and a standard level of service which was not simply not apparent at this hotel. With so many other good hotels in London I will definitely give this one a miss in future and wish we hadn’t bothered with here.	
Jul 16 2008 	Poor value small room	This was one of the stragest rooms I've ever been in. The &quot;bedroom&quot; area was big enough for a Twin bed a desk and perhaps a second twin bed. That's it. maybe 100 sq. ft., plus a bathroom.The room was clean, service was great. Although they couldn't check me in early.Price was outrageous and decor is in need of an update.However, if I couldn't find anything else, I'd have no problem staying here again. the views alone are great.	
Jul 9 2008 	Suprisingly Good	We won a night in The Tower so didn't have to find the £287 that the company paid! because of this I was prepared to upgrade before we arrived, having read reviews warning about the hard sell at reception. I was offered a 'refurbished room on the 5th floor' for £70. I offered £60 which was accepted.At reception I ask for 2 extra pillows and they arrived at the room at the same time as we did- very good!The room was very good. A little small maybe but the following morning we were still discovering extra touches! These include;heated floor and mirrors in the bathroom, Illuminated shaving mirror, bathrobes, USA and continental plug sockets ( a first in my experience) a great tray with umbrella, shoe horn, clothes brush and various bags, minibar (but no price list), large LED TV (but the instructions were for a different model), phone (but no number list), hairdryer (and not on the wall- a proper one!) a very large safe which would have held a laptop (and had a mains socket INSIDE the safe) an extension box for the TV on the desk which took various computer connections (HDTV etc), tea/ coffee facilities (real coffee- real cafetiere, not enough milk sachets as always.)Standard of decoration was very high and the lighting options staggering.We had a perfect view of London Bridge, City hall and the Thames.They had converted the ballroom to an extra breakfast room. I estimate that they held about 600 people for breakfast and the service was spot on! Breakfast was good but there is no way that I would have paid £18 extra for it!Newspaper is complimentary in the morning.We would definately stay here again if we were not paying the somewhat exorbitant rate!	
Jul 7 2008	Couldn't ask for more	I stayed at the Tower Hotel in London this weekend and have to say that I couldn't have asked for more. First - the location. It's right on the Thames and depending on which way you look, you've got views of Tower Bridge, the Tower of London, St Katharines Dock or the old Butlers Wharf Building on the other side of the river. The hotel itself is in very easy walking distance of Tower Hill tube station - important to me as my travelling companion was over 70!Don't be put off by the exterior of the hotel, which is all 70's concrete and cubist lines; for it does not do justice to what is inside. Check-in was simple and the staff were very courteous and attentive. I had asked for two quiet, non-smoking rooms on the same floor and was pleased to find out that all of this had been arranged. The lobby is pleasant and has a little bar / coffee shop in one corner. There are plenty of sofas to lounge around on too. There's a bigger bar area on the first floor, but I didn't check that out so can't really comment on it.We stayed in two single rooms on the 10th floor, looking over the dock. I suppose that they weren't the biggest rooms I've ever stayed in (maybe cosy is a better description!) but overall they were fine. Also, they were spotlessly clean and very comfortable.Breakfast is served at three places - the carvery, brasserie and one place I forgot the name of! We were in a queue for the brasserie and were advised to go to the other place as there wasn't a queue there. Sure enough, we got straight in and there was the usual selection of hot &amp; cold buffet plus as much tea or coffee as you can manage.I guess what impressed me most about this place was the staff. From the moment we arrived they were all pleasant and courteous - maids, bar staff, check-in &amp; restaurant staff were all great. I've stayed in some hotels in London (and elsewhere) where the staff simply couldn't be bothered, but that was not the case here.Would I recommend it - yes. Will I stay there again - yes.I booked through Superbreak, but you can also do it through the &quot;visit London&quot; website.	
Jul 2 2008 	A very pleasant stay	I was in England on business. My husband and 13 year old daughter were meeting me in London for the weekend. We arranged to meet in the Hotel lobby on the Friday morning. When my husband and daughter arrived at 9.15 am they were told our room was ready. However there wasn't a third bed in the room for my daughter. I explained this on arrival and within 5 mins a housekeeper came to our room to make up the extra bed. Our room was on the first floor and we had a lovely view over St Katherine's dock. The decore in the room was a bit shabby but we had everything we needed. The beds were very comfortable. The lobby is really nice with beautiful fresh flowers. The staff were very friendly and very helpful. We went down for breakfast (which was served in the brasserie) on the Saturday morning at 9 am and had to join a queue. We went earlier on the Sunday morning. On the Monday morning breakfast was served in the Carvery. The location of this hotel is lovely (quiet) although somewhat out of the centre. However we walked into the centre of London along the Thames path on the same side as the hotel. This took us about one hour. We walked back in the evening along the Thames path on the other side of the river. This was a lovely evening walk passing by some lovely restaurants. I would stay here again.	
Jun 28 2008 	Massive improvement since my last visit	I am giving this hotel 5 stars basically because of the massive improvement since the last time I visited (which was mid 2007).In a previous job I used to have to stay at the Tower if the preferred hotels were full, and it had become a horrible experience. The rooms were very dated and dirty, the staff completely uninterested and as other people reported there were frequent fire alarms and power failures. I had got the impression that Guoman had just planned to run the hotel into the ground and make no investment in it.I had to stasy again at the Tower for a week because the first choice hotel was full, and I was not looking forward to it.However, the experience was better from the moment I stepped into the hotel. I was approached immediately by a bellboy who offered to take my bags, and there were at least half a dozen staff manning the reception.I think i got lucky and got an upgraded room. In the past an upgraded room meant it was decorated in the 1980s rather than the 1970s but the room I got was fantastic. It was on the 5th floor which looked to have been completely refurbished. If you can pay extra to guarantee one of these rooms, it is definitely worth it.The bed was very large and brand new, the bathroom had a great shower and nice touches like a heated mirror and underfloor heating. There were plenty of towels and bathrobes. I even got a turndown service each night.The only minor issue I could find was that the room door is relatively thin so you could hear people walking past in the corridor. The room itself is well soundproofed though.I checked the guoman website to see if there were any pictures of the room but could not find any which is odd since I should have thought it was a big selling point for the hotel.Maybe my experience was atypical but if Guoman continue to refurbish the rooms and don't raise the rates too much, it is going to be somewhere I would choose to stay even when spending my own money.I did not eat at the hotel so I have no idea whether the food has improved but there are plenty of places in the surrounding area you could go to for breakfast.	
Jun 19 2008 	Poor restaurant queues for Taxi's and a fire alarm at 3am	The views are tremendous and the location great, but it needs a re furb. The food - dined in the carvery was not very nice and the price was a rip off - basically it's £16.95 between 5pm and 7pm and £21.95 thereafter, I dined at 6.45pm and they charged me the £21.95......I didn't complain because you get the feeling with the place that they wouldn't do anything anyway. When the fire alarm went off at 3am and we all trooped outside, I just thought....never again am I staying here.	
Jun 18 2008 	Poor value money! wouldn't stay again!	Stayed at the Guoman Tower hotel on Tuesday 17th June for 1 night.I had to stay near the City of London on Tuesday evening as I had an important piece of work to complete very early on Wednesday morning.I had been given a special discounted rate of £135 for the night (without breakfast) as my company uses this hotel as 1 of its preferred choices. My company was paying for the accommodation and I am glad not to have paid out of pocket for this experience.I checked-in around 3pm on Tuesday afternoon, and had to wait approx 5 minutes before I was acknowledged. I was assigned room 422 (a non-smoking floor).The room itself was incredibly dated, with worn furniture and tatty, outdated fixtures/fittings. The only nice thing about the room was that it faced onto St Katherines docks. The bathroom had some nice elemis products, but really, this rooms only redeeming feature.The location of the hotel is ok, situated right on the Thames with a great view of Tower bridge. There are a number of rooms which face the Tower, but I assume you would have to pay extra.This is the point where my review goes way downhill. I had visited the Tower hotel in December of 2006 when the hotel's fire alarm went off at 3am. Everyone was evacuated and we stood outside in the cold for around 30 minutes while the fire services checked he hotel.I was joking with a colleague on Monday 16th June 2008 stating that I hoped the same would not happen again!. Well, I couldn't believe my bad luck because at approx 3.50am on the Wednesday morning, I was awoken to the piercing sound of the fire alarm.I had to get up, get dressed and head outside to stand for approx 20 minutes while the fire services again checked the hotel.I couldn't believe my bad luck!. When I checked out the next morning, I informed the receptionist that this was the second time this had happened to me. As you would expect, she was completely disinterested.I feel this hotel is definitely not worthy of its 4 star rating and I would definitely recommend people consider the Hilton Tower Bridge as a far superior alternative!.	
Jun 10 2008 	Nice suprise	Having read all the bad reviews I was expecting the worst. We were quiet suprised, had a lovely view of St Katherines Dock, room was clean and had a nice feel to it. The bed was just how I like it. We paid £90 per night. I think if we went again we would try and stay more central but I'm not sure we would have got something decent for that price.	
Jun 9 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	Just stayed at The Tower this weekend and we had a fab time. The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient, every where was spotless both public areas and bedrooms, food was great, masses of fresh flowers, fantastic views. Would I stay here again? Yes and I would advise friends and family to stay here as well - I am well travelled, both home and abroad and would have no problem recommending this hotel to others.	
Jun 3 2008 	how to wind up your guests	I booked 2 rooms as we were going to an 18th birthday party at tower bridge one for my wife and I and one for my son. Room was ok but a bit small. On check out the problems started having prepaid I asked for the number of my son's room so I could go and wake him up as he was not aswering the phone I was told they could not give me that information, I explained that I had paid for both rooms and if they checked the surname, ours is unusual, they would see that they were the same and it was my son. No joy, I asked to see a manager this was refused so by then I was getting rather annoyed, so I asked again in a loud voice and a guy came I explained the whole thing again and he said that he coul not give me that information I then asked to see the general manager tHis was refused so again in a loud voice asked and he arrived I again explained, sorry can't give you that information! So by then shouting asked for a credit for the room I had paid for but was not allowed to have the room number he then said he would write it down. Faulty Towers or what. Stay AWAY	
May 27 2008 	Rip-off london	My Boyfriend booked a 'deluxe' room, as he wanted to stay somewhere special when he proposed to me. Well the furniture looked like someone had attacked it with a baseball bat - all chipped, the carpet had holes in it and we were sorely disappointed. So i complained - they wanted us to pay for an upgrade to excutive but eventually agreed we could have it at no extra charge. So we moved up two floors to our 'executive room'. What a joke it was exactly the same size as the deluxe the furniture looked like some cheap ikea cr*p and the bathroom was actually worse! i felt so sorry for my boyfriend who wanted a special place to propose, it didnt ruin our evening but i cant believe the price they charge for some average 3 star room not 4 star quality. This is the first complaint i have ever made about a hotel or anything actually, but i feel so strongly about it. How can people mark All i can say is is that i shall never stay in a Guoman hotel ever again!! ps it didnt stop me saying yes...	
May 22 2008 	Love the Tower	Once again I had a brilliant weekend at the Guoman Tower. My room had a terrific view and everything in it that I could possibly need. Reading some reviews I do wonder if they were staying in the same place as I was, the bed was perfectly comfortable with spotlessly clean linen and the ' funny switch' in the bathroom is there so that you can hear the TV or Radio, very clever! As for the breakfast, I had Contenental and I've never seen such an array of food, definitely something for everyone. Now, I musn't leave out the staff, each and every one of them go out of their way to be helpful. Hopefully I shall be back again soon.	
May 13 2008 	Pleasant LocastionLUDICROUS room rate SNEAKY HOTEL	Ok, firstly booked through a corporate travel agent, rate was SUPPOSED to be £140 flat HOWEVER this sneaky hotel had misled the agents by not adding the vat onto there rate so I had a nasty surprise upon checking in when my single room cost me £165!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THAT said upon checking here I wont be using the agents again as I could have booked for £80 on the various sites here on trip advisor...you live you learn.Ok the hotel, well after reading some of these reviews I was a little concerned other than the cost issue (overpriced) and this daft ADDITIONAL £50 charge for room service! Pleasant location and comfortable rooms, nice branded toiletries and iron etc in the room.Would recommend but shop around for a good rate.I think the last review was a little harsh on the breakfast review, it WAS cheap slightly tastless breakfast but not the worst in the world.	
May 9 2008 	Average hotel great location	This was for a work trip, so expected the usual corporate room. Was not disappointed. Thankfully, on checkin they were aware my work had paid for room in advance, and did try to sting me for the £50 pre approval. I declined. The room was clean, but no minibar or bathrobe. Strange knob in bathroom said &quot;volume&quot;. Beds were so hard it was like sleeping on an ironing board and there were no extra blankets in the room. The duvet was lightweight, felt cheap. Not fluffy at all. The breakfast was most disapointing. I had breakfast included in my room rate, and was amazed to see they charged £20 for the full english. TBH, if the photo attached is a full English, then I am a monkey's uncle. The bacon was cut too thick and was cheap, with the white goo that comes from water injected bacon still on the flesh. It really wasn't cooked very well at all, more warmed through. The scrambled egg was devoid of taste and was made using that homogenised egg hotels used. Sausages were tasteless and the hash brown was very soggy. No toast was offered on the menu, but bread rolls were. I didn't rate them much. All in all it's good for location but they are really taking the mickey with the pathetic breakfast. I don't understand why a 4 star hotel can expect to get away with 2 star food. I've had better at a greasy spoon and this area needs some attention.	
May 8 2008 	OK but nothing special	Booked into here for 3 nights in April 08 by my company on an expensive room only corporate rate (with breakfast an extra £17.95 + VAT).I last stayed here several years ago when it was still the Thistle Tower. Not much seems to have changed with the rebranding, apart from new LCD TVs in the bedrooms (and the price of course).Room was spacious but the decor looked a little dated and tatty and hadn't really changed since my last visit. Lampshades had brown scorch marks around the tops from the heat of the lamps. There was a broken floor tile in the bathroom which had a sharp edge, the heated towel rail did not work and neither did the Wardrobe interior lights. The in-room safe could hardly be called secure as the door was missing! The newspaper I ordered only turned up on the first day. Tea &amp; coffee supplies and toiletries were not refilled every day. A large number of room keys stopped working on the second day which coincided with a massive group of people arriving, resulting in chaos at the front desk with queues of people everywhere. All minor things but not really what I expect from a company which claims &quot;unwavering commitment to service&quot;.The location is good for Tower Bridge and the Tower of London and is a short walk from Tower Hill tube and Tower Gateway DLR stations. London Bridge station is a little further away over the other side of Tower Bridge but still walkable in 10-15 mins. You get some excellent views of Tower Bridge at night from the hotel entrance. The St Katharine's Dock area in which the hotel is located has a number of restauarants and bars set alongside the boat moorings and makes for a pleasant way to spend an evening.Breakfast was expensive and always busy with queues of people waiting to be seated and being told that there was no tables available despite emptly tables being visible from the door. You have to preesent your actual room key as the colour of this determines your entitlement to breakfast and seemingly the area in which you get seated. The breakfast selection was resonable but you only get given coffee one cup at a time. Once you have drunk that you need to catch someones eye to get a refill. What's wrong with a coffee pot on the table as in other places? Toast was available if you asked for it but it was never offered. I never ate here of an evening as there were plenty of alternatives close by.I would not choose to stay here again. You can do far better for the money. Try the Hilton Tower Bridge just the other side of the river - New, modern hotel with good deals available and just as convienient.	
May 5 2008 	Tower - Brutal Buildings But OK	Just travelled to London on another business trip. Based on previous experiences in London I had no expectations of this hotel but was pleasantly surprised.The hotel is very well located with views of the Tower Bridge and a 5 minute walk to the Tower Hill tube station.Rooms are very large by London standards and the service from all staff - receprtion, cleaning, room service and restaurant - was courteous and friendly throughout.Restaurants were nothing special. Internet costs through BTOpenZone quite high, particularly for r short term use.	
May 2 2008 	Inconvenient and underwhelming	This hotel was booked for me in connection with a meeting I was attending in the City. Overall, I wasn't impressed. Yes, London hotels are expensive for what you get, but this hotel in particular failed to offer any value for money. The front desk staff tried to hard-sell an upgrade, which I couldn't take advantage of because someone else was paying for my room. They also asked for (but didn't get) a 50 pound deposit for incidental expenses like room service, minibar and phone calls. Consequently, I ended up in a standard room on the very worn out and faded third floor (ripped carpet in hallways, held together with black tape). My room was of a reasonable size, but the bed was rock hard. The shower curtain was a limp thing that attached itself like a barnacle to me when I showered. I ate breakfast once - exorbitantly priced at 18 pounds for one of the worst hotel breakfasts I've ever had. The hotel is located a good 5 minutes' walk from the nearest tube stop and as it rained off and on throughout my stay I managed to get soaked several times on my way to and from the hotel. One positive experience - the bar/restaurant Prohibition near the hotel is worth a visit. There wasn't anything terribly wrong with my experience at this hotel - but there wasn't anything pleasant about it either.	
May 2 2008	If you like getting over charged - including paying for other rooms stay here!	I am not one for writing hotel reviews, however I feel it nessesery to let people know about my experience with the Guoman Tower Hotel. I had the miss fortune of spending 3 days there for a work course. the hotel was nothing to write home about, and it was when checking out I had a problem, my bill was completly wrong, over double what it should have been! When I asked to see exactly what it was I was paying for I was left waiting for nearly an hour, with no end result - my bill was reduced to an amount close to that it should have been ( I wanted the issue resolved as I had wasted so much time with still no explanation of how they had reached the fiqure first quoted) I found a week later that they had taken another amount from my card! they had charged anothers room bill to my account, this has been refunded however the amount of time I have spent and the frustrations with the way my concerns have been delt means I will never be staying in this hotel again and I recomend others not to either!	
May 1 2008 	Impressive views - but bed was hard as nails	Stayed here two nights on business in deluxe room (double on fourth floor). Incredible view of Tower Bridge - right outside my window, with lovely view of river beyond. Toiletries very good - Elemis. Has ironing board/iron build into wardrobe, which is always a plus. Large room - window that opened - again, a plus. LCD TV with good array of channels including spanish or portuguese, german, etc. Tea &amp; coffee making facilities, as you'd expect. Reception staff very friendly. Ate first night in carvery - waitress a little cold we thought. Food okay - meat a little fatty but plentiful. Shower good - like needles on full blast. Also separate shower head if you want a bath then to rinse your hair.Easy reach of the City - and two mins walk at most from Tower of London itself. We took a river boat from Tower Pier to London Eye - great way to miss rush hour and learn something about the City for our colleagues who'd flown in from across Europe.Not so keen on: bed.....so firm it was like sleeping on the floor, with pillows so thick that one wasn't enough and two were too much. Had to sleep on duvet, and wrap rest of it over me, to get any sleep as my back was protesting at no give in the mattress. Who are these people who love beds like concrete?Hairdryer worse than useless - take your own if you need to style your hair - one of those awful contraptions with a hose in the bathroom. Minibar - keep your kids' hands out of the cabinet - even lifting a flap incurs an unrefundable charge apparently!	
Apr 23 2008 	HORRIBLE HOTEL - more like a 2 Star cheap Hotel!!!!	Extremely unfriendly. I had cold water for 2 days... i kept asking for the shower to be fixed but evertime I returned to my room , it was the same ole same ole.Second day, was impossible to have breakfast as the queues were too long. I waited 15 minutes during the 3 times i tried to have breakfast... ended up giving up and going to starbucks.The management were absolutely UNPROFESSIONAL! when i complained about the shower all i had was 'i get it'... when i became distressed and a little bit angry, the duty manager said if i didnt 'shut up' he would call the police!!!!! It was merely laughable at the attitude and the professionalism of the staff.My room (single standard) was tiny, the carpet was filthy and sticky!! cold water as above mentioned, impossible to get breakfast, awful staff, wake up call was forgotten about, no newspapers (they forgot to deliver).If the management had just simply said 'sorry' for the cold water instead of shouting 'i get it' , perhaps it would have made it a bit more acceptable.all in all the hotel is as good as a 2 star , cheap chinese hotel in china town.no service, bad attitude, I would not classify it as a 4 star.... absolutly dreadful experience. Luckily i had a sense of humour when the little duty manager wanted to call the Police!!! that was funny actually.....	
Apr 20 2008	Excellent locationExcellent Carvery! Friendly staff	Stayed at The Guoman Tower as part of a Superbreaks package which included tickets for the Chinese Emperor exhibition at The British Museum, tickets for the Tutankhamun exhibition at The O2, Double Room, Evening Meal and Breakfast for two, all for £250 which I thought was good value. I was a little concerned about what to expect after reading other reviews on Tripadvisor so emailed the manager after booking requesting a pleasant stay (and to subtley make him aware that as a user of Tripadvisor others would be aware of my experience - the power of the internet!)I need not have worried as we did not experience any of the problems listed previously, no queues at check in or out, we were advised of ongoing work on floor 5 (we had a room on floor 1 overlooking St Katherines Dock) but did not hear any noise until 8.30am the following morning (not intrusive and I would imagine most guests would be up and about by then). The heating worked fine and was easy to operate and the room was clean and in good repair, although if I had paid for the maintenance I would have demanded a better standard of finish. The bed was huge, two 3' singles pushed together, shower worked fine, two shower attachments, two hairdryers, plenty of room in the underground car park (which only cost £20 for 30 hours- I asked if we could leave the car whilst we spent the afternoon sightseeing after checking out - no problem and no extra charge!) All of the staff we encountered were extremely friendly and helpful, especially in the carvery for our evening meal. This was one of the highlights of our visit and I would strongly recommend eating here if you are staying. It was very quiet, most 'business' guests seemed to prefer the other, trendier restaurant in the hotel. The roast meat was excellent and delicious with a wide variety of accompaniments and puddings, we were promptly served and repeatedly encouraged to have 'seconds' by the friendly and cheerful staff, a bit like having your mother fussing over you! By the end of the meal we could barely move. A minor confusion over the dinner bill was quickly and professionally resolved.The only 'problems' we had were accessing the hotel by car (the entrance is immediately before Tower Bridge and poorly signposted, we missed it and had to cross the bridge to find somewhere to turn around whilst trying to avoid straying into the congestion charge zone), and the remote control for the TV did not work. All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Apr 17 2008	Some improvements required.	Great location, Great views! Near to underground station and tour bus stops. Rooms were clean and tidy but decor and linen looked a bit tired.Reception staff require more 'Customer Service' training. No smiles and they gave wrong information about which restaurant we could use for our DBB basis stay, which caused huge embarassment.Second night stay the Carvarey was closed completely only leaving the Brassiere to eat at. This menu was limiting, overpriced and hadn't changed for 3 days.The Hotel promised they would not invoice our agent for the final nights dinner, as we had to eat elsewhere, but they charged them the full amount, as if we had eaten there. Completely ruined our stay, as it was for a special 18th birthday.Would not use this hotel again. Shame!	
Apr 17 2008 	Great hotel great location.	We stayed at the Tower for a long weekend in London at the beginning of April. It was excellent. We had a spacious and clean double room on the first floor with a view of Tower Bridge. The hotel was very busy with tourists and people like ourselves on a weekend break. All staff were very helpful. We only ate breakfast in the hotel and we had to queue but it was worth it as the food and service was excellent. The location of the Tower is ideal for visiting London. The Tube and DLR were only a short walk away and St. Katherines dock is located at the rear of the hotel. There is much to see just on the doorstep. We strongly suggest that visitors get an Oyster card for all travelling in the city. It was so quick and convenient to use and great value. Just visit the 'Visit London' or the 'TFL' websites. We had a great time in London and will definitely use the Tower hotel again.	
Apr 14 2008 	Awful Place	This place is pretty poor. If it can be avoided do so at all costs.Ths only real positives is the view is nice and the location is pretty good but everything else is hellish. You have to queue for everything, staff are not great and the older rooms (currently being upgraded) are awful and dingy. The water system does not function propaerly and complaints are never dealt with. There are better hotels in this area!	
Apr 4 2008	Corporate Bland	My company booked me in this hotel for a night. It was a soul-sapping experience.This Hotel is a monster; it blights the skyline of eastern central London. The next time you're scanning through your holiday snaps of Tower Bridge or the Tower of London, take a look in the background - this high-rise concrete behemoth will be there.Inside, it's just impersonal enormity and cold concrete. The room was well-appointed and had a great view (hence the 2/5 rating), but it was appallingly expensive. If I had looked closer at my room rate, I would have noticed that neither VAT nor breakfast were included. For the latter, this didn't matter anyway because I needed to leave at 6.30 the next morning and they couldn't sort something out for me before then (which I found rather odd).I know that all of London is expensive and corporate-focused, but there has to be somewhere better than this, surely?...	
Mar 31 2008	Brilliant Hotel - Well placed	Easter Break away in London to see the Eagles at the O2. This hotel is in a fabulous location, right beside (I mean right besides) Tower Bridge overlooking the Thames. Close to Tower Hill Tube Station and on St. Katherine's Dock for the River Cruises and a short walk to The Tower of London. Very clean, spacious room - our room overlooked the River (Room 221), all amenities, very large bed and plenty of hot water. The breakfast buffet was full of choice and the quality was extremely good. Lovely bar, bit pricey but nice to relax in. All the staff were friendly and efficient and I will certainly be visiting the The Tower Hotel again.	
Mar 31 2008 	Boozy Weekend	We decided to stay overnight to make a weekend of a trip into town as we only live about 30 miles East.We booked a weekend deal for the Saturday night on a reduced rate of £119 for a double room and thought we would end up with a non view or a smallish room. As it turned out we were given a deluxe room on the sixth floor with great views over the river and Tower Bridge – going rate £300 according to the tariff – so we were somewhat impressed.The room was large, modern, clean and well maintained and had everything needed. The staff was efficient and friendly, breakfast was better than average, the concierges efficient and helpful and the parking facilities adequate – so definitely no complaints.The hotel is situated opposite the Tower of London with good access to the Tube at Tower Hill. For tourists it’s a little way out of the glitz and attractions of the West End and situated near the commercial and financial areas of the actual ‘City of London’ – the ‘Square Mile’. However it is very convenient for the South of the river and Bankside and all that has to offer – within a short walk some of the lesser known and forgotten ‘tourist’ attractions are within easy reach.Tower Bridge, The Tower, HMS Belfast and the ‘London Dungeon’ obviously are close, but Friday and Saturday at Borough Market next to London Bridge and Southwark Cathedral is worth a visit are a few of the restaurants and places to eat and drink in the area (some of London’s oldest pubs are located in this area of town). A short walk along the river will take you past the Globe, Tate Modern and eventually to the London Eye and down to Waterloo where there is always something happening along the South bank especially at weekends.We stayed because we had booked a visit on one of the wine tasting tours at ‘Vinopolis’ (just next to Borough Market) – so spent a few hours taking in the sites, sounds and tastes of the market, big breakfast and a good few hours boozing in Vinopolis (sorry wine tasting) – not a bad way to spend a Saturday afternoon. That evening we took the short walk over Tower Bridge to Shad Thames located South and East of the bridge where there a number of good restaurants catering for all tastes and pockets from ‘La Ponte de La Tour’ to Pizza Express – it pays to book the top end as they can get busy.Check out the following day was quick and efficient and the car park reasonably priced for London (£20 for the stay)So for the price we actually paid it couldn’t be faulted as it suited our needs perfectly.	
Mar 30 2008	Guoman Tower London great location.	Booked our hotel through a travel agent. Excellent location, right by the Tower of London and London Bridge. Took a launch from Tower Pier to the O2. Room fine, beds OK, a little narrow. Breakfast fine. Concierege service excellent. Would definately recommend and use again.	
Mar 11 2008 	Happy to recommend the Tower for short stay	Stayed here for one night as part of package through Omega Travel Company to see exhibition in London.Good base and easily accessible from Tower Hill Underground through underpass without having to cross a busy road.Arrived at 12.30pm after train journey but unable to get access to room until 2pm when Omega staff arrived to give us our room access card. Wet outside so had to sit in coffee area.Twin bedded room asked for - and shown on Confirmation of Reservation (husband likes to read during the night - I don't!) but given a double bedded room. As it was only for one night we decided to leave things as they were. Two pillows each provided - a bonus as many hotels only provide 1 per person. Bed on the firm side but it suited me. Room was a good size and with 2 comfortable chairs for relaxing. Room thermostat and fan easily understood by me - so it must have been easy!View from window wonderful with view of London Bridge, Butler's Wharf and the river.Carvery provided a reasonable 3 course evening meal with reduction for going early. Good for theatre goers and for those with a late evening slot at the Terracotta Army exhibition. View was looking over St Katherine's dock.Late breakfast on the Sunday (10am) in the Brasserie - long queue but it moved quickly and we had table by the window overlooking the river and bridge.Varied buffet breakfast BUT they just cannot make scrambled egg - it looked like a cross between a blancmange and junket - someone ought to teach the kitchen staff how to make it properly. Glad I had the fried egg.Would happily stay there again.Tip - there are no signs to hang on the door to say when the room is ready for making up. Look for the switch just inside the door - it isn't a light switch. It activates a light outside the room to tell the staff when the room is ready to be done - we wondered why they kept knocking on the door on the Sunday morning to come in to make the bed!	
Mar 9 2008 	Very good	Very impressed with this - considerably more so than other similar standard/priced London hotels. Convenient parking, very clean / spacious room with good view. Check in / out easy. There was a queue for breakfast but moved very fast and service good once sat down compared with other similar places. Value reasonable in London terms. Is well located for tourists ... perhaps slightly less so for those visiting the shopping / west end parts of London as quite awkward by tube or a substantial taxi ride to these areas.	
Mar 4 2008 	Superb hotel loved it!	I came to this hotel for a weekend off with my wife. We are from the Netherlands (Holland). Super friendly staff, super concierge. The breakfast was really nice. The room suited us fine. Underground station (Tower Hill) in walking distance.Can't think of anything negative, especially considering the price we payed.... The hotel contributed to our fantastic stay in London!	
Feb 27 2008	Just read	I stayed at the Tower for a weekend break booked with European Heritage Tours. On arrival we didn't have to check in as it was all done ready for us. the coach clerk gave us the room card and we went straight to it! (brilliant after traveling 2 1/2 hours). When we entered our room we were quite surprised! The view was the best in the whole hotel in my opinion, we had the Tower Bridge, the Tower itself, the river with boats moving along quite pleasantly. The decor of the room was not the best, however what do you expect from a god knows year old hotel, especialy after it has been run by 4 different companies!!!!By the time it was early evening we went down for some tee in the CAVERY restaurant, it wasn't the best food I have ever tasted before, it was alright!We took an early night and woke up to huge ques to break fast,we were stuck in these for about half an hour. By the time we got to the breakfast it was plain and simple, ok but not what you would expect from a 4* hotel in London!!!!As we thought the hotel was nice we are returning end of March 2008 with the same coach company for 1 night! CAN'T WAIT	
Feb 18 2008 	Good hotel away from the tourists	When I first booked my trip I decided to stay at the Tower Hotel b/c it would be easy to find if I ever got lost, but I was very happy that it was away from most of the tourist areas. The Tower Bridge and the Tower of London are there, but you don't really have to deal with a lot of people b/c they are on the other side of the road. The wait staff and reception desk was great, especially Michael and Tamar. The room was not bad, other than the bed being hard, the seam of the mattress showing and the lack of internet service, I was pretty pleased with the room. The shower was great and the heated towel rack was a pleasant surprise. The 24 hour room service came in handy. The other bonus is that you can get to the Tower Hill Underground Station without having to deal with traffic. I would have given the hotel a higher score, but I was very disappointed in that I had to pay for internet service. Definitely try to book your trip where you get the Continental Breakfast included. If you are a coffee addict, there is a Starbucks behind the hotel on St. Katherine's Dock.	
Feb 11 2008 	Fantastic staff	The staff at this hotel were fantastic with special thanks to the cleaning staff. We asked for rooms next to each other and were given rooms on same floor but opposite end of hotel.The whole hotel is looking somewhat tired but is currently undergoing some renovations. Worth paying for breakfast when booking, good choice and tasty. Anyone arriving back in evening by boat take note that tower stop is closed at about 10 so you have to get off at London Bridge and walk. Car park charges are fair for London. Paid £20 for 2 nights. View is fantastic, location good for bus or boat to get around London.Lyn Chester	
Jan 19 2008	Oh dear!	This is the first time I have ever contributed to a travel site - shows just how much the experience wound us up. We have stayed at the Tower Thistle on several occasions in past years and always enjoyed it. We travelled to London to go to the Excel Boat Show in January and decided to try the now renamed Guoman Tower hotel again as it was conveniently only a short distance along the river from Canary wharf and there were discounted rooms for Boat Show attendees. We were also aware that the hotel had supposedly undergone a makeover . What a disappointment. Booking in was Ok - there was no one else at Reception. On arrival in the room we discovered that two lights didn't work. The head of one table light came away in my hands whilst trying to switch it on - exposing the live prongs. The safe was locked . We also noticed that someone had removed the throwover and cups/ saucers from the rooms. The mini bar was empty.The housekeeper arived promptly and told us that they now didn't provide throwovers and the small glasses with a piece of wire wrapped round them had replaced the cups and saucers.She called the electrician and told us that he would be with us shortly. An hour and a half later we got fed up and went out , calling briefly at the reception to tell them that he still had not arrived.Later that night we returned . The safe was open and one light mended. A more detailed look around the bathroom revealed mould on the ceiling, splits in the door frame and rough finishing by whoever had cut the door to fit.The next morning ( without notice) the downstairs brasserie was closed for 'maintenance' although no one was currently working on it. The upper foyer restaurant was very busy and we queued for about 15 minutes to be seated - glad we got up early! When we left there was a queue in excess of 20 people waiting to go in.The following morning at 0815 maintenance work started somewhere over our room. Th drilling was incredibly loud and we could scarcely hear ourselves speak. We subsequently complained to the reception staff on checkout and were told that we would have been notified about the building works when registering. If we had we had both managed to forget that vital piece of information. The receptionist stated that she would get the Manager to speak with us and went away , returning shortly afterwards to inform us that he was unavailable. It was suggested that we speak with the Guest Services Officer.When we finally managed to speak with her the most she could say was 'sorry' but as we were travelling in a group someone would have been told of the building works. Sorry - wrong facts - we were travelling alone, but that was the best she could do. We told her that we had stayed at the hotel before and had no intention of returning but she needed to pass the feedback on. Did she write anything dowm - No.We walked out- very disgruntled , and will never return. I wish I had read the review on this site before we had booked.PBNorth Wales	
Jan 12 2008 	The Tower with a power view!	I just returned from a 2 night stay at the Guoman Tower Hotel in London. The hotel is in an ideal location for fantastic views since its literally right next to the Tower Bridge, the Thames River, and St. Katharines Docks. It's literally a hop, skip, and a jump away from the Tower of London and the Underground station Tower Hill.THE GOODI stayed a Tues. and Wed. night, and I for one did not see any large lines at reception for check in/out. The most I saw during the stay was 4-5 people at most and the process seemed to go fast enough. I didn't ever utilize the front desk as I was with a convention of sorts, and only dealt with the concierge desk.The employees were very friendly, although sometimes it was hard to understand them as a few of them had thick French accents. But the maids were very cheery (although I did tell one of them I didn't need any servicing, but they still cleaned my room anyways) and any employee I happened upon in the halls always were polite and said hello.The view, I couldn't praise it enough. I was on the lowest floor, floor 1 in room 183, but I had a spectacular view of the Tower Bridge. (I included pictures). You can also see the Thames and watch the boats go by. It's picturesque and you literally can not beat the view this hotel can provide. I also really appreciated the bathroom. I loved the tile and thought it was very classy and modern at the same time. I also appreciated the extra attatched mirror and the towel warmers, although I never got them to work right. I also wasn't sure what the &quot;hairdryer&quot; (it looked like a mini vacuum) was on the wall, it did blow hot air, but there was a normal hair dryer in one of the drawers in the hotel room.The service at the convention dinner in Tower Suite (by the hotel's employees) was impeccable. I never needed anything and they were quick to unfold my napkin, bring the next course, and seemed to be at my beckon call.My room itself was so quiet, I never heard anybody walking by or in the rooms next to us until the day we left. Also while we stayed there, there was no fire alarms although there was a note on the desk saying there was going to be a practice fire alarm drill that week. The furniture seemed to fine and clean to me.THE NEUTRALI also ate twice at the Carvery for the buffet breakfast which was £17.85. It consisted of scrambled eggs / fried eggs, sausage ham, fruit, yogurt, black pudding, hashbrowns, mushrooms, cold meats, cheese, croissants, rolls and juice / coffee / tea. It's a traditional English breakfast and very filling. (The fried eggs were really good as well as the grilled ham.). It's a little expensive for my taste, but thankfully was included in my stay for the convention. (Because if you think about it, it would be close to $40 for two people.) The people seating you / serving you were friendly and the view of St. Katharine's Docks is breathtaking. Although if I had to pay out of my pocket I'd probably eat somewhere cheaper.I was happy to find a very tiny (and it blended in with the desk/drawers) mini-bar. It wasn't stocked nor turned on, and if you wanted food in it you had to call the front desk to stock it.I also found the robe for guests in the bathroom was a nice touch. I was amused (and a little annoyed) by the fact there is a warning on it that went something like this: Feel free to use this robe while staying at the Tower. Although some guests like to take it home and we appreciate the free advertising by wearing it, if you decide to take it you'll be charged £30. Needless to say I was a little hesitant to use the $60 robe, but ended up using it anyways since it was so cold.There was always ice on my level, which some others had complained about not having. They did have notices saying some floors didn't have ice (like floor 5). But whenever I needed ice, it was always there-- just had to trek down the long, winding, maze of a hallway to get it.THE BADThe Hallways, ugh. First off to get to my room its a maze, or what we nicknamed it the Never-Ending hallway. It literally seemed to go on forever, and to make it worse in between the hallways were heavy swinging doors. Three of them before I could make it to my room after getting off the elevators. The hallways themselves were very narrow, with outdated wallpaper, dim with minimal lighting, and duct tape holding down the carpet it places where it was worn or fraying. Not something a four star hotel should have since its very minimal work to fix. Also there were 2 holes in the hallway that had been plastered over. The bed, although very, very big wasn't a &quot;king&quot; bed. After further investigation it was really two large singles squished together with a sheet on top. The mattress was very hard but I had horrible jet lag and after walking around the city and up/down on the stairs of the Underground, I slept like a baby.Had it not been for the bellboy who had brought up my luggage, I would've never figured out the thermostat for the room. He turned on the heat for me, and for the rest of the trip I just turned the power on/off. I never actually messed with it. I feel sorry for travelers there who want to use it, I still couldn't figure it out before we left.I thought the £1 fee to use the phone for free numbers/local numbers was outrageous. Even worse is that any free number I did try to call didn't work. I thought I was doing it wrong, but I called the Hotel operator and she couldn't even get it to work when I read the numbers to her. I gave up, and was thankful about not having to pay £1 every time I made a calling card call. I ended up using the phone booth that is right outside the hotel, around the corner on your way to the Starbucks next door. And lastly...while eating dinner at the Tower Suite, and enjoying the scenic view of the windows with a glass of wine- it started to rain outside. This wasn't unusual for London, but right next to the table I was sitting at (next to the window) the roof started leaking! Water started to drip, drip, drip on the window seat until there was water all over. And not in one place, but two! I ended up putting my empty wine glass under the biggest leak so the water wouldn't splash on me since I was sitting so close. (I took a picture of this.)IN CONCLUSIONAll in all I enjoyed my stay at the Tower. Very friendly staff. Wonderful service in the hotel. Beautiful, breath-taking views. Outrageously expensive and could use a little work to truly make it a four star hotel. Personally I wouldn't pay $400 a room at this hotel, but if you can book it much cheaper it would be worth the views and service.	
Dec 6 2007	Great view of Tower Bridge	We booked a twin room one day before travelling. Wonderful view of Tower Bridge from our bedroom.Service at reception was quick and efficient.Breakfast included in the price. Plenty of choice.Had a meal in the carvery restaurant and we enjoyed it - perhaps not the cheapest in the area but at least it was very convenient after a busy day and it was a very wet evening.Close enough to walk from Tower Hill Underground.Close enough to walk along the riverside to the Millennium Bridge (near St Paul's) and cross the River Thames to the Tate Modern Gallery.booked through Londontown.com allowed to cancel by 2 p.m. on the same day - glad we didn't!	
Dec 2 2007 	OK but not as good as I'd expect	The Tower Hotel is now a Guoman property. This hotel is better known as the Tower Thistle Hotel. I had a singel room overlooking Tower Bridge and the view is fantastic. Hotel is well located right next to the Tower of London and on the edge of the City (the business heart of London). Tube station is five minutes away as is DLR station. Two things let the hotel down though. Check-in - when I arrived, the queue was out of the door! So leave plenty of time for check in.The other thing was the room. It was a single and small and in need ofrefurb. Very worn out looking. Surprising, given the price and that I was on a corporate booking.Check-out was excellent. The room bill was beneath my door when I woke. I completed the form that came with it and when I came out of the lift to leave the hotel, a member of staff came up to me as he'd spotted the form in my hand. He took it off me and that was that. Fab.	
Nov 29 2007	Absolutely perfect!	We booked an overnight stay for the weekend. Our room had a spectacular view of Tower Bridge. The room was very comfortable with an amazing king size bed. Real cafetiere coffee in the room! Great breakfast! Wonderful view from the restaurant.This hotel made our weekend extra special. Staff were very polite and helpful.We were amazed at the previous reviews. Perhaps it's because people are always quick to complain and slow to praise!? So glad we were not put off by these reviews.We also saw Fiddler on the Roof at the Savoy theatre .... marvellous! Would recommend this show, buy tickets at Leicester square ticket box, much cheaper!Meal at Pont del La Tour disappointed us.... great deal of money spent for what we thought was a very average meal, served by waiters who seemed to have no idea of etiquette in restaurant service. View not even as good as the The Tower Hotels restaurant!	
Nov 20 2007 	Mediocre at best with great view	We stayed here for 10 days in April 2006 on a business trip. First night - we check in after a long flight and find we've been given a queen size room (we had reservations for a king bed). I pointed this out, only to be told that &quot;that's considered a king size here&quot;. Huh? Then we found that the internet access in the room was not working - this is crucial to our business and a reason we were booked at this hotel. We complained until we were moved the next morning into another room - this time with a king bed, facing St. Katharine's Docks. The internet still did not work - hotel was completely unhelpful as was the barely comprehensible help line. We were happier to be on the St. Katherine's side of the hotel - it's quieter than the side facing the Thames. It took another day or two for the internet access to work (one day it was miraculously connected). In the meantime we'd been given a pass to the &quot;business center&quot;. This consisted of a hotel room with an old computer and a printer with no printer cables. But it did have internet access.The room: Nice bathroom and overall nice enough room but the beds were HORRIBLE. A thin mattress on top of a wooden platform. The king sized bed had two thin mattresses on top of a wooden platform and they both sagged in the middle so there was a ridge in the middle of the bed. Very nice view.Make sure you turn on the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; switch (it's like a light switch located next to the door) when you go to bed or else Housekeeping will be banging on your door at 7:00am or earlier!	
Nov 18 2007 	The worst service 	My family had last stayed at The Tower around 6 years ago on on a weekend break to London. The hotel was then administered by Thistle Hotels and was excellent. There are some plus point about the location in that your room will either overlook the Thames, The Tower of London, Tower Bridge or the touristy St Katherine Docks (these being former spice docks that now house expensive apartments, speciality shops and restaurants in a marina-style environment). The rooms are well furnished and the buffet breakfast very good. The windows are however a 1970's design and single glazed. Unless your room faces the Thames, traffic noise and revellers late at night in St Katherine Docks will be a disturbance. Be aware however that the location is in the business-district of London and the West End with it's theatres, shops and all other attractions are a £4 tube ride away or a 20 minute taxi ride. My visit this month to the Tower was a business trip. The hotel is now part of the Gouman Chain. What a disaster! On arriving at the lobby I was confronted by a huge queue. I elected to leave my bags with the Concierge and check in later in the day. When I returned mid-afternoon the queue was equally as long. I joined the line and 20 minutes later was at the desk. The clerk apologised for the delay and cited a computer failure. I was asked to fill out a registration form and the clerk disappeared for around 3 to 4 minutes. When she returned, she greeted me and asked how she could help. She had clearly forgotten my face or that she had left me at the counter for several minutes. I explained that I had just completed a registration form and gave her my surname again. She again disappeared and returned to explain that the registration form which I had completed minutes earlier was lost and invited me to repeat the process! Eventually I was given a room key to room 228, which overlooked the St Katherine Docks, with a side window to the Thames. I undressed and ran a bath. As the bath was running I heard a noise at my door and on peering through the spy-hole noted a middle-aged gentleman repeatedly trying his key-card in my door. I remained silent and he left. I returned to the bathroom only to find my room door suddenly spring open and a bell-boy usher the same middle-aged gentleman into MY room. The gentleman looked at me in a bathrobe and asked &quot;who's that guy in my room?&quot;. The bell boy apologised to me for the intrusion and ushered the guest back out into the corridor. I resumed running my bath and then there was a knock on my door. I opened it to find another man who introduced himself to me as &quot;hotel security&quot;. He enquired as to MY surname. He then wrote it on a piece of paper and walked away. On turning on my TV, the opening screen welcomed &quot;Mr Possewhite&quot; to the hotel. I have no idea who that may be. Perhaps it was the gentleman whom the bellboy had escorted in earlier. I tried to contact reception repeatedly, but despite ringing their number for 20 minutes, with no answer I rang the alternative Guest Services number. Again no answer, despite ringing for 5 minutes. In desperation I rang the hotel operator and asked to speak with the duty manager. She indicated that he was busy and would return my call immediately. 30 minutes later, with no returned call, I rang the hotel operator again. She repeated that the Manager would get back to me. After 30 minutes I tried again. Once more I was told that the manager would return my call. After a further 30 minutes, I rang reception, the Guest services numbers and also the Concierge. No-one was picking up the calls, despite my holding for minute after minute. I then decided to go and get a drink in the bar. Afterwards, when I returned to my room, my key-card had been invalidated and I could not get back in!! I went to reception and noticed a lady with a name badge walking around with a walkie-talkie. I asked if she was a supervisor and when I explained my repeated problems, she escorted me to my room, used a pass key to open the door and asked me to check my luggage and belongings to see if they were still there! Fortunately nothing was missing. She arranged for me to have a replacement key. As a reader of this review, you may wish to look at some of our other hotel reviews on Trip Advisor. You will see that we try to make them well-balanced and helpful. We do not go 'looking for problems to report'. This review is I hope a well-balanced and complete appraisal of the Tower Hotel. Unless you simply must stay at ths establishment, I would suggest that you look at any one of the hundreds of other excellent hotels in London, which generally have excellent service. Avoid the Gouman Tower Hotel.	
Nov 16 2007	Rescue Me from the Tower!!!!	Alas, no knight in shining armor arrived and I had to stay for the full 4 nights at The Tower, one of the Guoman hotel sites, in November 2007. I was on the last bit of my honeymoon and was told I was needed in London the following week. As my usual spot - the Marriott at Canary Wharf - was fully booked I asked the company travel agent to arrange something so they booked me here.I stayed in room 333 and my rate was 286 Sterling a night + VAT. Given that this is approx $600 USD a night at the current exchange rate I expected a decent room. I was wrong. Logging onto their website showed this was the lowest rate available.When I arrived I realized it was the same place I stayed in once six years ago. Although passable then the rooms have gone further downhill since.Lobby - nice lobby. As represented in their pictures on the Guoman website.Check In: SLOW. First they had my details wrong - they said I was due to check in the day prior and so I had to pay a no show penalty. Of course my confirmation statement showed they were wrong but it took about 10 minutes to resolve while the person went in the back to look things up.HALLWAY: You get off the elevators and it starts already. Dark, worn wallpaper and carpet. They patched a big hole in the carpet with Duct Tape. There are also swinging doors on the entrance to the corrider, they are squeaky and noisy and get banged around a lot as people enter / leave. They were right outside my room and made it impossible to sleep after 6:30 amROOM: Everything was worn down to the nubs. Huge scratches and worn parts on closet, bathroom door, carpets. Chairs had no holes but were faded and worn. Big hole in carpet by the bed. HOUSEKEEPING: Room was clean. Housekeeping staff come in even if you have the Do Not Disturb sign on.BED: The WORST part of the whole thing. The mattress was so uncomfortable. You could feel every spring in the mattress. There was no bed pad - just the mattress, a thin flannel sheet and then the bed sheet. I had to lay pillows down the length of the bed so that I wouldn't wake up sore to the bone every day. The mattress was also worn and severly stained.BATHROOM - best part of the room. Was refurbished sometime in the past but chrome parts had rust and there was mildew / mold in the grouting. No Bathrobes. Also no FACE CLOTHS!!!??? Toiletries are lotion, shower gel, conditioning shampoo and soap.MINI BAR: There was one in the room but it was NOT STOCKED. You have to call down to housekeeping, pay a deposit of 60 Sterling and they will come up and fill it for you. All I wanted was a cold bottle of water and a diet coke so I go down to the store in the lobby and they don't sell drinks. There is a cafe in the lobby too but there prices are typical high hotel prices. I walked out to the Oasis convenience store by the DLR entrance and bought stuff there instead for less than half the price. Otherwise you're stuck with room service or tap water.VIEW: Nice view of Tower Bridge but the view is not important to me when I travel on business.CLOSET: Their satin clothes hangers should be thrown out - stained and fraying. Lots of hanging, drawer space though.SECURITY: There is a safe where you program your own code but it will not fit a laptop. There is no peep hole for the door or chain for the door either. Only the more expensive club rooms or suites (Floors 6 or above) require that you put in your hotel card to access the floor.FITNESS: There is a room on the 11th floor but they charge an extra 5 Sterling a day ($10.50) to use it. In their phamplet they say it has cardio equipment. I'm not paying $10 a day for a treadmill especially when I am already paying $600 a night for the room. I did a yoga DVD off my laptop instead.TV: About 8 free channels and the rest are pay per view. When you turn it on it starts on the pay channels so watch what you press.INTERNET: 10 Sterling a day for wireless in your room or 6 Sterling for an hour. There is no modem connection in the room. They have one terminal in the lobby that I think you can use for free.MEALS: I did not eat here at all. Given other reviews the quality is not good. It is 15 Sterling ($30) for continental breakfast. Instead I picked up my meals at Canary Wharf. There are several restaurants in the area. There is a Starbucks out the main door to the left of the hotel.STAFF: Vastly understaffed. When busy you cannot get them to sneeze in your direction. On off hours they are friendly and helpful. When I arrived with my bags + briefcase noone would help me so I had to manage myself. Constantly saw long lines at reception, especially at peak times - longest was 20 people waiting.LOCATION: Their only selling point. Right next to the Tower Bridge it is convenient to the Circle Line subway and DLR to Canary Wharf. About a 5 min walk.TAXI - approx 70 Sterling to Heathrow airport. Or you can take the taxi to Paddington Stn (about 15 to 20 Sterling) and then take the Heathrow Express trainSUBWAY: From Heathrow you can take the Heathrow Express to Paddington, Get on the CIrcle Line to Tower Hill and walk about 5 min to the hotel. Crossing very busy roads so you may not want to do so with tons of luggage. They have an under road passage but lots of stairs - no elevators or escalators at all in subway system.This hotel appears to be used a lot for conventions and airline staff - my brother is a pilot and they don't get put up in the nicest places so that is a clue in iteslf. Like the Pennsylvania Hotel in NYC they must rely mostly on one time sales and probably do not expect a lot of return visitiors.It is interesting in retrospect that their hotel website shows only 2 room pictures, one obviously a suite and the other I don't know - maybe one of their club rooms.Also had a fire alarm at 1 am and had to evacuate the place for about 45 minutes in the cold! False alarm - I walked up the stairs rather than wait probably another 30 min for an elevator.These fire alarms are a frequent thing - it happed 6 yrs ago to me too. Also looking through other reviews it happens quite often. One day it will be like the boy who cried wolf and people won't respond. Also you would think someone would be out there with a list checking off what room people evacuated out of just in case it turned out to be real. But of course not.If you are a frequent business traveler run away as fast as you can. Do not book here - you'll hate it. If you get an extraordinary low rate, don't mind a dingy place with a good location then you might want to consider here but don't say you weren't warned. My London colleague did not speak highly of it and said it had a reputation in the past as The Tower by the HourThere is also a Holiday Inn Express just down the road closer to Canary Wharf that you may want to consider if you're looking for a cheaper place.I'll post pictures shortly	
Nov 14 2007	Great location ok hotel	I managed to get a reasonably good rate on this hotel, but they seem to charge between 130 and 250 GBP per night (from a friend who looked at their summary of charges on the reception desk)! It's ok value for the lower end of that range, which I got.The location is pretty good - right below the Tower Bridge on the river bank. It's an easy walk to the nearest tube station, and is quite handy to the Tower of London. The room facilities are reasonably standard for a 3 to 4 star hotel. It's one of the larger hotels around - with 800 rooms, I believe, so the staff are reasonably efficient and hence have less time to be friendly.	
Nov 5 2007 	Dissapointing and overpriced	This hotel looks promising - amazing view of Tower Bridge and a smart reception, but the vast majority of rooms are tired and in poor repair. Gym facilities are awful (50% of the machines were broken) and they charge you extra to use it. Room service incredibly overpriced. Staff, although polite, are not clear on what is going on (I was offered a choice to pay for a room upgrade, to be told 30 seconds later that I was going to get one for free anyway). Very poor post-sales service (I've been waiting for copy hotel bills for weeks and have asked three times) and huge queues at reception. Sadly the great view and location doesn't make up for the fact that this is not good value for money.	
Nov 4 2007	What a great location	My husband and I have just come back from weekend in london and stayed in the Tower Hotel. We were a bit concerned after reading some of the reviews but we found the whole weekend was great. Check in was quick and we were not pestered at all about upgrading. Our room, 449 was very clean with a huge bed, although 2 singles together. Even so it was very comfortable. The only down side was the view. We could see a small part of St Katherine's dock. But to be fair, why look out the window when you have lovely views outside like the Tower Bridge and the Thames. Everything was only a short walk away, we walked everywhere.The staff were all very friendly, nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast was very nice, we did have to wait a little while but the choice was worth waiting for. The breakfast staff did come across as a bit abrupt, but they were all foreigners so that is just their way.	
Nov 2 2007 	View? What gets a better view than this	Stayed at the Tower 1st November for one night.Stayed here before and I must complement the group on a enjoyable stay.The room I chose was on the fifth floor overlooking Tower Bridge.......sensational.The service was good, as usual in the UK it now seems in the main east european staff, who can be a little difficult to understand sometimes, but polite.The quick cob salad I ate upon arrival was delicious.The room was clean the view I mentioned of the wonderful Tower Bridge was superb.The only negative thing was the shower was rather poor in that the settings at best spray gave such a wide flow, it was not very refreshing.I will go back to stay a weekend with my wife (I live one hour away) just to get the view and of course the location relative to nightlife is great.	
Nov 2 2007 	Service would need to improve before i would go back	Went to London for a theatre break. We originally were booked into the Kensignton area, but that hotel closed down so travel agent booked us into the Tower bridge, and said it was an upgrade.Checking in was no problem. and we were offered an upgrade, which we took, however the room over looked only part of the tower bridge.Room/bed was comfortable, everything we need was in the room , although the ice machines were not working.The location of the hotel, was OK, however, as we didn't feel comfortable using public transport, it was taxis everywhere, so next time around I would probably stay in and around the Stand/Covent gardens area.Breakfast was a joke, as someone else posted, not all the tables were in use in the dining area but you still had long queues for breakfast.The fire alarm went off at around 4.30, and we all had to leave the hotel, we were allowed back in after 1 hour, and about half an hour to get back to our room.We ate at the hotel on the Sunday night, again it was a complete shambles. The waiter we got said we don't usually open on a Sunday, and we are closing at 8pm, but we will seat you anyway!!! It was around 20min before he actually took our order. The same waiter was telling other guests the same story, only this time saying the restaurant closed at 9pm - he was seating some guest and turning other guest away - !!Some guests had already been waiting for at least half an hour just to place their order, I personally felt like getting off my seat, and managing the dining area - basically they just didn't know what they were doing and runiing around like headless chickens.	
Oct 30 2007 	Poor all round	Not impressed - biq queues at reception, felt under pressure to upgrade, given a room that stunk of smoke (so bad the walls were virtually seeping tar) , took half an hour of complaining to get a different room and only after being forced to kick up a vocal fuss at the main desk, poor service all round and to top it off a queue snaking at least 30 meters for a shabby continental breakfast, the only thing in its favour was the location. Am late in writing this review and it may have improved but they would have had to do a lot to turn things around.	
Oct 29 2007	Not bad at all	We stayed at the hotel for one night and had a very reasonable stay. The position is very good and we had a good view of Tower Bridge from our room on the 8th floor. It appears that the rooms can be good and bad as many people have said, it may be worth asking which rooms have been refurbished recently? The Deluxe rooms are from the 6th up over and it appears these have had a makeover.The hotel is let down by the service at breakfast and the long queue to get in.There are a few bars and restaraunts close by, the best ones are on the other side of the river at Butlers Wharf.Overall, a good 3-4Star place.	
Oct 29 2007 	Lovely location shame about the rooms	Just come back from a one night stay as a present for my sister. Not the prettiest building but once inside it makes up for it. Reception very helpful but more interested in trying to get me to upgrade the room. The concierge very helpful and polite when needed to ask for a small item that we had forgottenThe room was a very basic 3 star in my opinion, nice view of St Katherines dock (shame not the bridge), bed clean and comfortable. The rest of the room was very shabby, armchairs threadbare, furniture all chipped and tired. Bathroom very dated but saying that overall did not hinder our stay as everything we needed was in the room. Room service was quick when requested also.Breakfast was a farce. We thought we had made it quite early at 9am but even though they use to different locations for breakfast over 3 hour period, we had to queue to get in for 20 mins! Once inside there appeared to be numerous empty tables. The queues continued for much of the breakfast period and cannot understand why all the tables were not in use. Breakfast very fresh and clean and waiters quick to serve so again not a problem.Overall though the hotel's location sells it, we had a pleasant stay and as long as you are not expecting 4 star accommodation, it is generally a clean, tidy hotel with pleasant staff.	
Oct 26 2007	Great location - poor service	My partner and I had a great 2-night stay at the Tower. The location is one of the best in the world surely but the hotel service needs improving. We had to queue for 15 minutes to check-in, we had to queue on morning one for breakfast for 15 minutes. On both mornings we had to ask for tea, tea spoons and toast due to the fact the toaster was not working. The communication by the staff leaves a lot to be desired - not a smile, not a &quot;Good morning&quot;, no question re. tea, coffee or toast.I have stayed in many great hotels all over the world - this COULD be one if they improve upon the basics. Where else can you step out onto one of the worlds' most photographed locations and be in the heart of tourist London.Please improve the customer care and the dining room or go down the coaching hotel route at your peril.	
Oct 24 2007 	Location Location Location	Fantastic hotel - much improved since its refurbishment. Rooms comfortable and nicely furnished. Had a fabulous view from our room of Tower Bridge. Location fantastic - close to tube at Tower Hill from which you can get around London very easily, eg to the West End / King's Road. Walk over Tower Bridge to go to Butler's Wharf or to do the Dick Whittington Ale Trail. Right next door to the Tower of London.	
Oct 19 2007 	Hit and miss I fear!	We stayed at the Guoman Tower for one night mid week as I had business in the area. It is a fair walk to the nearest tube but the walk is a pleasant one and the hotel's location overlooking Tower Bridge is spectacular. I got a reasonable, but not cheap rate including breakfast and having read the reviews on Tripadvisor, knew that it could be hit and miss. On checking in I asked the Receptionist if I was to be given a refurbished room and she said that she thought I would be happy with the room allocated. It was on the 5th floor which immediately raised my concerns reading comments by previous reviewers! On entering the room I was taken aback. It was a smoking room that reaked of smoke, had twin beds and was very poorly turned out. I returned to Reception and said no way and after 5 minutes of the Receptionist talking to her colleagues back stage, I was informed that they would upgrade me to a Deluxe Room with a King Bed. I had had the miss so I hoped that this would be the hit. To be fair, it was very acceptable. The bathroom was a little tired with the toilet paper holder hanging off the wall but the shower was powerful and everything else worked. The room was a reasonable size with nice views over St Katherine Marina and over the Thames. The bed was hard but surprisingly comfortable and there were two chairs and a table in the window to sit and read. Even with the window open throughout the night, the room was silent, a rare experience in London. The bar was noisy but reasonably priced and the breakfast (included in our rate) was first class with stunning views of Tower Bridge if you are lucky enough to get a window table. If I had had an 8am meeting to attend I would have been annoyed as the breakfast room stayed firmly closed until 7.30am despite all the literature in the rooms clearly stating it opened at 6.30am so there were queues of businessfolk settling their accounts at 7.20am with no chance of breakfast. The breakfast room stayed firmly closed until 7.30am on the dot despite the staff clearly being ready and standing around inside the closed doors - this quickly needs resolving since when does a 4* business hotel in the city start breakfast so late midweek. In summary, this is a large hotel that was reasonably efficient, serving a good breakfast if you weren't in a hurry, but with a hugely varied mix of rooms. The worst rooms simply shouldn't be allocated to guests until they have been sorted, particularly at the prices charged. I am back over in London in a few weeks time and rather than take a chance, I have booked into The London Bridge hotel that scores much, much higher on Trip Advisor, is in a similar price bracket and very near a tube. Will we use the Guoman Tower again in the future? Maybe when there is some consistency on Tripadvisor that shows you can guarantee you get what you pay for.	
Oct 14 2007 	Not a bad hotel - But needs some improvements	I have stayed in this hotel many times over the last few years and had no problems. The hotel is in a good location. The room was Ok but needs some updating along with the bathroom.I needed to stay an extra night so I asked in the morning about a rate for a friday night - I was told that the receptionist couldn't help me! Poor service! After I finished my meeting I went back to reception to pay for my parking. I asked for a rate and was surprised that I was quoted £187 for the night. I checked on the hotels website and was quoted £130 and lastminute.com was quoting £111.My advice is to book either on the website or a travel website as they charge you a lot more!Overall good location - Needs updating - Good Breakfast and parking of £20 a day isn't too bad for central London	
Oct 13 2007 	awful	This must be the worst so called &quot;good&quot; hotel I have stayed in for years. I had stayed here @ 5 years ago and it was bad and so was apprehensive when I was told it was the only place I could get a room in London last week by my firms travel dept.I was charged £286 for a tiny boxroom with a single bed that stank of cigarrette smoke. I was called by a wrong number at 5am and at 6.20 the fire alarm went off and we were told to evacuate the hotel. When we worked out for ourselves how to find the fire escape we were told it was a false alarm, by which time it was 7am and so time to get up.The hotel is old and dirty and is only used by unfotrtunate business people whose corporate travel departments are non ethe wiser. This hotel stinks. Avoid at all costs.	
Oct 11 2007 	Good hotel in great location	I was booked in here for an overnight stay as I was in London for work and thought I’d look at tripadvisor before heading off to London and was shocked to find the hotel had a rating of only 2.5 and was therefore slightly concerned about staying there, however all turned out to be ok and would definitely stay at thehotel again.Have a look at my review below - I think previous tripadvisor reviews vary greatly because the room sizes vary as do the quality of the rooms. Check-inSlight queue which was dealt with reasonably quickly. Entry into the actual room is via a card which looks like a credit card. (no key which is great as easily slots in your purse / wallet when you go out for the evening). The lobby looks like marble and is clean and modern with a seating/bar area. RoomI stayed in room 408 which I would thoroughly recommend for the following reasons - - clean, large non-smoking room- faces St Katherine’s dock so quiet- wonderful view of the dock and canary wharf in the distance - amazing when evening falls and the lights in the marina and canary wharf come on -room was perfect temperature- as the room was at the end of the corridor there were no slamming doors from other residents-the curtains were like black out blinds and let little light in the room which is great for a good sleep- the lights work without having to insert the room entry card into a slot on the wall by the door entrance, which is good as that can be really annoyingThe bed was huge and it had feather pillows which was a huge plus. I thought the bed was a bit hard but that is a personal preference thing.There were tea and coffee making facilities in the roomBathroomThe bathroom had both a shower and a bath and was clean with lovely towels. There was a small bottle of complimentary shower gel, shampoo and body lotion. One thing I specifically wanted to mention about the bathroom was the shower which was amazing as it’s the most powerful shower I have ever had. At full blast it was like having pins on your back, so had to turn it down a bit so the water wasn’t coming out so pressurised! It took a while to get to the maximum temperature but that’s a minor point. BreakfastBreakfast was a buffet with everything on offer including various types of fruit juices, sliced melon, a selection of cold meat, croissants, cereals and full English. You could return as many times as you wished. Tea and coffee was served by the waitress and little glass jars of tiptree jam and butter were available on lovely 3 tiered plated on each table.Breakfast was available from 6.30am - 10am. I was there pretty early at 6.45am and there were quite a few people there by 7.15am. As I was there so early I can’t comment on whether LocationThe location is second to none - on the Thames and right by Tower BridgeCheckoutThe checkout was the only negative experience of my whole stay. At check-in they swipe in your payment card details and take your pin as pre-authorised payment, so I assumed that (as with other hotels) in the morning I’d just tell them my room number and get automatic checkout and be on my way, but I had to go through the whole rigmarole of supplying my card again etc, entering the pin and then the person faffed about checking and double checking things which was frustrating as I had specifically got up early to leave early and wasn’t happy at spending 10 minutes waiting.The person on the desk was obviously a trainee - what on earth they were thinking putting on a trainee in the morning at one of the busiest times I have no idea. In the end I had to be quite forthright and ask her to speed things up as I had to leave!My work colleague who was also staying at the hotel and has also stayed at the hotel a few times previously told me that we were lucky not to experience a larger queue at check-in. General &amp; other observations I’m not sure what was on offer such as gym, swimming pool etc as I never use them. No complimentary newspaper - if you wanted one you would be charged extra.There were plenty of lifts which were all in working order and didn’t have to wait long at all.The hotel was previously owned by Thistle until recently when it changed hands to a Guoman. Yes, it is a bit rough around the edges and wasn’t cheap at £130 including breakfast, (This was a corporate rate so not sure if can get it is cheap or expensive compared to booking privately on the internet) but overall, the hotel was good and was in a great location and was quiet. All the staff are foreign (French I think) and the service is functional. There’s no personal element to the hotel but you get a good night’s stay in a large hotel. A tip though - on the morning of my arrival I phoned the hotel and requested a large non-smoking room as I had read previous Tripadvisor reviews saying their rooms were small or had been given smoking rooms, so it may be a good idea to phone beforehand and request what type of room you’d like. If the Guoman hotel management are reading this - and I’m sure it’s not the first time you have heard this - sort out your front desk / check-in and check-out efficiency and your customers will have a lot better final memory of their stay at your hotel. A dodgy end to an otherwise good experience.	
Oct 9 2007 	Good hotel	I stayed here when on business and my room had a nice view of Tower Bridge. The location of this hotel is remarkable - right at the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Service was very good in my experience. On the negative side the room was a little shabby for the price and the bed was uncomfortable. £1 charge for free-phone calls from your room. I had room service one night and I didn't think much of the quality of the food (very fast though).	
Oct 6 2007 	Not worth the money hotel very dated	I stayed in this hotel on business in Sep 2007. It was a business trip so I was not paying the GBP 330 plus VAT for the room. The total price for one night of over EUR 590 for one night including breakfast.The hotel and London were full so had to pay the highest rate.I was upgraded to an Exec Room which to me looked to a normal hotel room.The bathroom was a bit dated and the soap tray was falling off the wall. There was a rust stain on the tile.The breakfast room on the 1st floor has the smallest tables I have ever seen. Similar to all hotels in London the cost of breakfast was very high approx. GBP 20.I have stayed at the Hilton on the other side of the river since staying at the Tower and it is a much better hotel.I will definitely try never stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 2 2007 	They can lock me up in the Tower anytime	Having read all the negative publicity about this place I didn't know what to expect but what a wonderful surprise I got. The staff could not have been more attentive and my room was just perfect, on the 9th floor with a stunning view. The room itself was all I could have wanted with every need catered for, and talking of catering the breakfasts were great too with something for everyone. I'll definely be back	
Oct 1 2007 	Sept 28th Fantastic hotel. No problems! Would go back tomorrow!	I booked this hotel through Expedia a couple of days prior to going. I then read the reviews on Trip Adisor. I was mortified. However, i thought i shall make up my own mind.We caught the train to Euston, then caught the underground to Towerhill. A 5 minute walk out of the underground and we were at Tower Bridge. The hotel is directly next to Tower Bridge. The hotel entrance is grand. We went straight to reception to be greeted and sorted straight out. I had previously emailed the hotel and asked for a room overlooking the river and Tower Bridge. The receptionist did just this. They were very friendly. The hotel looked very clean and modern. All of the lifts were in working order. We found our room, No 348. It was a very large room with double bed, sofa, table and chairs, TV, plenty of wardrobes, and a dressing table. The bathroom was lovely and clean and adequete too.We didnt have breakfast in the hotel as it was quite expensive (18 quid each), so we went for a 2 minute stroll every morning to St katherine docks and had a full english breakfast on the docks for less than 5 quid each!But overall, we had a splendid holiday, and i think that this hotel is just perfect! It is clean and friendly and in a great location. What more could you want?!	
Oct 1 2007 	Fabulouse hotel	I love this hotel. The views are unsurpassable, the rooms large and clean, the atmosphere excellent.Can be pricey if you don't get a good deal, but I would gladly pay a little more for this quality of accommodation.Position is superb for the city, southbank and Shad Thames.I stay at this hotel regularly, and would certainly reccommend it to anyone.Friendly staff, pleasant bar and restaurant, and a bar overlooking Tower Bridge makes this the perfect hotel for anyone wanting to experience the real London.	
Oct 1 2007 	Poor dreadful shocking - you have been warned	This was my 3rd stay here, all because my company prefered this hotel. Never again. Great location. And there the good points end. Bad points ? Where do I start ? Long wait to check in, to then be greeted by surly, harassed staff who struggle to speak english. This was a consistent theme. The concept of service is clearly lost on these people and the management.The rooms are simply dreadful. I reached new levels of mediocrity with a single room and single bed. The aircon was broken and took 3 hours and 5 calls to get anyone to assist. No drinks in the minibar - but this could be filled providing I pay about 60 pounds !The bed was appallingly hard, very noisy from nearby pub, the room smelt and was generally of a poor standard of cleanliness. The corridors are dark and were lined with dirty plates and trays.The hotel is also incredibly busy and hectic.Breakfast was, surprise surprise, very poor. The best part was checking out, knowing I would never need to return. Stay here at your peril.	
Sep 28 2007 	Fab hotel	What a fab hotel. I found for such a big hotel it had this amazing eye for detail. It was spotlessly clean and I found the foodservice and friendliness wonderful for a city centre hotel. I have to say I LOVE IT.	
Sep 28 2007	Poor	everything from check in to check out was substandard- rooms are ave at best, breakfast ran out! and parking is £20!	
Sep 27 2007	Horrible Place	Check in was efficient but room very shabby. Had left my car in a temporary parking bay and when asked the concierge for directions to the car park he replied very curtly 'it's full', when I asked where I could park he just shrugged his shoulders.After complaining to the reception desk staff I was re directed to the undeground car park which was far from full. Our room was upgraded but the quality of the furnishings was only a slight improvement from the original room.IMy further enquiry at the concierge desk for directions to the O2 Arena was met with another unhelpful reply.Breakfast was at best adequate, the breakfast area is very shabby.This hotel needs a complete make over to warrant its 4stars and the concierge staff would benefit from customer care training.	
Sep 26 2007 	Great location desperate for renovation	Good location near the tower and St. Katharine Docks, with a great quay area and decent outdoor seating. From there, it gets weird. The lobby has been nicely renovated, but the hallways and rooms are hard-worn, tatty and smelly. Windows are painted shut, doors and floors are battered, fabrics are stained, and the hotel's apparent focus on group tours means that lifts and breakfast service are unpleasantly overcrowded. I found this hotel as a website deal but still paid £120 (including upgrade to &quot;deluxe&quot; - see room description above). Perhaps Guoman (whoever this chain is) will complete the renovation and realize the property's potential. Until then, no thanks.	
Sep 25 2007 	Believe the Reviews	Why didn't I listen to all your advice? The location - great. 5 mins to tube or Tower of London.The public spaces - great. Very modern, nicely done.The views - great. Actually, pretty remarkable. This is what you are paying for.The room - caught in a 1980's time warp. Where did they get the furnishings? It's like something I'd see if several college dorm room buddies got together to 'run a hotel'. So dismal and depressing. It was clean though, so it gets 2 stars. The check-in service was good. Conciege okay although their dinner advice was not-so-great. But the bar and the restaurant were really terribly sad and well, I don't know what could be the problem there. Would NOT recommend, would NOT stay again unless they completely refurbed and dropped the price.	
Sep 25 2007 	Faulty Tower!!!	This hotel is a joke surely. I paid £330 a night for a single room and it was terrible. They used the lowest wattage bulbs possible to give it a real dark and depressing feeling but also probably to make it harder to notice that the decor is in desparate need of overhaul. The furniture is so old that all the varnish is flaking off. It really felt like travelling back to the 80'sOn arrival I went to get the iron from the wardrobe only to find it wasn't there. So I got the phone to call reception and found that that didn't work so had to go back down to reception to report both failings.The carvery restaurant wasn't much better. I wanted a really quick meal as I had work to do so thought a carvery would be a quick option. Alas no, I was told that I couldn't just have a main course as it was a fixed price for 3 courses and they didn't have a price for just a main course.The second night I decided to take some frustration out in the gym. I got up there and my card didn't open the door. So back to reception to be told that there was an extra charge for that and it was only free for &quot;executive&quot; rooms. After speaking to the manager and pointing out that I'd paid £330 a night for a dump of a room they begrudgingly let me use it free.This hotel has only one thing going for it - the view and it is charging outlandish prices as a result. This has to be the worst I've stayed in in London and really feels like a step down from Tavel Inns. ONE TO AVOID!!!	
Sep 23 2007	Great Location 	We booked a double non-smoking room, but upon arrival, were only offered a double smoking, or a non-smoking twin. Or we could pay £40 for an exec upgrade. As only staying one night, we went for the twin. The room was shabby to say the least - the furniture was really worn. The beds moved across the floor as soon as you sat on them! The bathroom was the worst - somebody's old contact lenses were left around the sink, and old shower gel left hanging in the bath. Breakfast was a joke - two restaurants are available for full breakfast (part of our 'package'), but both had the longest queues I'd ever seen for that time of morning (9.30). We HATE queuing, and by pure chance, spotted a separate dining room serving continental breakfast only. We went for that, but the cups on the table were stained from previous use, the bread was stale, the meat was the weirdest colour we'd ever seen . .. the list goes on. Don't waste your money!!!	
Sep 21 2007 	Terrible	I stayed at this hotel for 3 days whilst on a business trip to London. Room price was relatively expensive at GBP180 per night. The room itself was very small, very worn, ac did not function properly, tiles hanging off the wall in the bathroom, only a small worn single bed, TV was ancient and barely working.Dinner in the restaurant was just ok - with the waiter bringing food we had not ordered and mixing up the courses. When I arrived for breakfast on the first morning at 7:00 - quite late for me - I was amazed to find that the restaurant did not open until 7:30 - useless for most business people who need to get away to meetings.I was very unimpressed by this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone. Much better hotels at lower prices exist in central London.	
Sep 3 2007	red hat no knickers as we say up north.	I agree with some of the other reviewers about the tired furniture and fittings etc.The location is great, the public rooms very smart ( red hat) .However the rooms were very tired and battered.( no knickers).They were pretty clean though and the views were outstanding.We had a bit of a deal, I would have been peeved if we had paid anything like the full normal tariff.So, ok if you can get a cheap deal, but don't pay full price.	
Sep 3 2007 	Good Location Slightly dated	The location of this hotel is great for sightseeing, rooms can be booked with a view of the themes and tower bridge (and as the hotel is situated next to it, you really do get a great view). The only problem is that you feel like your in a 1960's hotel room, it does need refurbishing to give a fresher feel. The third floor used to be the smoking rooms floor and you can tell - as soon as you walk into a hotel room it smells of stale smoke - we complained and stuck to our complaint, until eventually they moved us to a different floor.	
Sep 1 2007 	Loved it!	I stayed at this hotel when it was 'Thistle Tower' and loved it! The staff were really friendly and when we asked if we could have a room overlooking tower bridge they happily did so! Room was a great size and the bed was huge, with fantastic views. We went to the hotel bar for a couple of drinks and have to say that it had the best views of any bar I've been to in London. Really enjoyed our stay and recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 30 2007 	Dilapidated and Defiled	This hotel is run down and dirty. I could not envision walking on the carpet without shoes in the scarred up paint peeling room. I called the manager immediately upon seeing the room and demanded to leave without penalty. He agreed and I was out of there within 10 minutes, but a charge for a night's lodging has appeared on my credit card bill. Do not expect integrity or cleanliness. If a view of Tower Bridge is worth this, then by all means go for it.	
Aug 30 2007 	Great Location incredible views!	Stayed here for a couple of nights for our 2nd year wedding anniversary. First impressions are great! The views are stunning and the location is fantastic. The lobby has been done up and is nice and trendy and the bars are also stunning with great views.This doesn’t continue to the rooms sadly! We got a upgraded room which was bigger (Especially the bed). But could do with being done up! I have heard that some rooms have been done up! But not many by the sounds of it! All in all rooms were a bit drab but as I got a great deal I wouldn’t complain about what we got! Worst point of my stay was the wake up call we got on our first night at 4am in the morning.. when I complained I got – “don’t know why that happened? Did you ask for one” – not much of an apology! All in all a average hotel overpriced like all London hotels. Would stay there again only if I got a good deal!	
Aug 27 2007	Not fantastic but.....	I booked the Tower at the last minute -direct with the hotel 99£ for a double with breakfast...for London not bad at all.Some good points/some bad.Good location, rooms OK. Although the hotel has been updated from its days as a Thistle hotel, it is still a bit dated. Staff so so...slow check in/out. The hotel tries to be a business hotel but it seemed to be full of coach parties. Insufficient lifts so long waits ....Breakfast - terrible. Long queues for both restaurants and even when you finally got seated, very poor quality and choice - particularly if you were paying 18£ (!) for the pleasure (thankfully I wasnt).In comparison with what else is on offer in London the Tower is OK but.....you can find better elsewhere	
Aug 21 2007 	Nasty place - surly staff	This is the ugliest hotel in a major capital city - and working in such an ugly environment has obviously mentally damaged the staff who are unhelpful and surly.Check in takes forever as the mostly eastern european check in girls try to cope with what seems to be the most long winded computer system ever designed. This is quite good as it delays the moment when you have to go on a three day hike around a rabbit warren of corridors to find you cell (sorry - executive room). You may be lucky and get a tower view room - but most likely you will be looking into some fat midle aged sales reps accomodation and can be entertained by the free show of him picking his nose.You need to rise by 5am or there will be no hot water.Breakfast is served (as in Tennis) &quot;School diners style&quot; and you can scrum and fight over the concrete scrambled eggs, congealed pig scraps and various other forms of unrecognisable grease morsels on offer.In the evening the &quot;Pub&quot; is open, so you can take on plenty of fluids before returning to your room where the A/C will be on max heat no matter what you do with the thermostatThe queue for Checkout is about 45 mins.The &quot;conceirge&quot; will tell you that a cab to Heathrow will only cost you 20 pounds - make sure you vists the ATM round the corner as it is likely to be more that 70.	
Aug 20 2007	What a view!	As far as I can tell, booking directly via guoman.com is the cheapest way of reserving a room, they even threw in breakfast which is really unusual for London hotels in my experience.They could do with a few more reception staff, a few times I came by to see a frustrated queue of guests waiting for assistance. Luckily when we arrived we were checked in quickly and efficiently, plus free upgrade to an executive room on 7th floor. Very nice! And then we walked in to be greeted by Tower Bridge at night, right outside the window!The exec room is a decent size for a London hotel, includes trouser press, iron and safe, as well as tea/coffee making facility. One problem if arriving by car is that the entrance to the ramp leading to the hotel isn't that well signposted, if you miss it you're on Tower Bridge and that's a huge hassle. Also the car park rate is £20 for 24hrs which adds a fair amount to the bill if you're staying a while. Saying that, the receptionist validated my ticket on the spot without my paying a penny. Also no problems extending check-out by 30mins. Very impressed with the level of service.Overall a very positive experience and highly recommended	
Aug 17 2007 	What a view!!	We love this hotel!!! Fantastic views over the river, perfect for all the south bank galleries etc and one of the nicest hotel bar's I've ever seen. We stayed with our 11 month old baby who was spoilt rotten by all the staff (especially at breakfast!) and the dinner in the ground floor restaurant was lovely.We stayed on the 5th floor but think they might have had a refurbishment? The room we stayed in felt very new, but the corridor was very dated.Not cheap, but London never is!! And the views make it worth every penny!!	
Aug 11 2007 	Book directly with hotel!!!!	The Tower Hotel ex Thistle and now owned by Guoman Hotels, the hotel can not be situated in a nicer area, we arrived about half an hour early for check in and enquired if our room would be ready, we were told to wait a while in the bar and come back. Sitting outside on the terrace bar is out of this world the bar directly over looks tower bridge an the Thames.The reception area is cool and modern and all was going great, until we checked into our room on the 5th Floor - I have read some reviews about this hotel but as a frequent traveller I know that some people will never ever be happy, so decided to keep an open mind. But unfortunately everything said about the 5th floor in the reviews are correct. As soon as the lift doors opened it looked like a totally different hotel, dirty carpets, flaky paint and very battered hotel room doors. Upon entering the room I was very disapointed, although fairly clean the room was dated and nearly everything in the room had seen much better days. There was no aerial connected to the tv, he hairdryer was broken, there were 2 holes in the wall which rubble/brick fell out of if you went to near to it, the bed had a severe dip in the middle - which was awful to sleep on, not many 4 star hotels provide blankets these days but this one did.We did complain to reception but as the hotel was fully booked and it was the weekend of community shield at wembley there was no where else to go.Floor 5 is the only floor in the hotel which has not been refurbished, when the lift doors open at all other levels the floors are clean and contain drinks and ice machines. I have been advised that booking directly with the hotel is the only way of guaranteeing you will not be placed on floor 5, but booking agencies and websites (where we booked) are given the lower priced rooms. However we did still pay £106 for a double room and the direct hotel price I later found out is the same.I cannot fault any other area of the hotel, it is a massive hotel so expect queues for checking in, reception, conceirge, breakfast (queued for 20 mins waiting for a table) but staff are pleasant and friendly.The bar on the 2nd floor is lovely and over looks the thames and tower bridge which is a great place to sit in the evening before or after dinner, drinks prices in the hotel bar are expensive 2 beers and 2 bacardis came to £26.40.The area surrounding the hotel is very nice, we walked accross the tower bridge and had a meal by the thames.I would recommend this hotel and I would be sure to go there again-but only if I had written confirmation I would not be on floor 5 and worst of all in room 514 !!!	
Aug 1 2007 	Good but pricey	My son and I stayed at the Guoman Tower hotel in June of this year. I was in town for a convention so did not spend a lot of time there but overall found our stay pretty good, best of the three hotels we stayed at on our trip but also the most pricey, especially with the US exchange on the dollar! If you want to be close to Tower Bridge and the trendy docklands this is the place to stay. We had a view of the Thames and Tower Bridge, which was breathtaking day or night. The front desk staff were not well organized but then the hotel was sold out the entire time I was there due to a convention. You would have thought they would bring on extra staff to handle the summer demand but they clearly hadn't. If you have a car you will pay through the nose for parking! $60/day for guests, which unfortunately is not uncommon in this area.The buffet in the Carvery was nothing to write home about and overall I found the restuarant staff pretty surly. The room service food was some of the best I've ever had though and reasonably priced as well! There are several good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel so I'd recommend eating out. Our room was well appointed and comfortable though typically small as British rooms are. This was also the only hotel room we had in England where the AC actually worked. We seemed to have a great deal of burnt out light bulbs, but I could never get through to reception or housekeeping to ask them to fix the situation so we just lived with it. The ice machine on our floor was broken and there was no vending machine, that I could find, so if you wanted snacks you had to buy them from the gift shop at outrageous prices.The hotel is quite a walk from The Tube and Train stations, especially if you're dragging luggage so beware. I'd stay there again, if it was low season and I was only there for a few days as it is very, very pricey.	
Jul 27 2007 	Nice Staff....but..	I have spent a few weeks in this hotel and its two redeeming features are its location and very pleasent staff.On the less positive side...it seems to have a problem with its fire alarm. I had 3 alarms whilst i was there and two full evacutions (in the small hours). Others i have spoken to have reported similar. A member of staff told me that it happens nearly every week. I can't vouch for that, but it did interupt my sleep!The rooms are ok if a little dated. The dining staff did manage to spray me with coffee (accidents happen) but the most annoying thing was the total lack of getting a grip of sorting out of the mess - let alone an apology or offer of dry cleaning.If you want a good location - its hard to beat, but be aware there are some wrinkles	
Jul 26 2007	No Complaints	A tour group booked our hotels and I was a bit concerned about what I would find in London. However, I was quite satisfied. The room was modern, clean and of course the view was incredible. Breakfast was also a nice surprise. It was in a great location, right on the Thames, a skip to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge, easy access by bus and tube to get around London. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 26 2007 	Good enough	I did not have this many problems as other guests had with this hotel. I doubted between 3 or 4 stars. I did choose 3. I even got an free upgrade of my room to business class. Service in the restaurant (breakfast) was not so good. Ofcourse I did not had a room with view at the tower bridge, but we did had a good view at the dock.A photo of the room and a view a the dock is included.	
Jul 17 2007 	Wonderful view but!!!	I booked through superbreak.com the hotel had wonderful reviews on thier site. When I check tripadvisor I started to get a bit worried. We had 2 rooms a twin and a double for 2 nights Both on the 5th floor and both very very tired indeed. We had not been advised we had any specail rate due to the conditions but actually the view was so fantastic the room faded into insignificates although the shower covered the whole bathroom when switched on. The staff were very helpful, breakfast was good and I was delighted when I checked out that the lady at reception waved the parking charge. What seemed really sad was this hotel was in a stunning location and could be a first class hotel with a little TLC. It was advertised as a 4 star hotel but unfortunately the rooms fell far short of this.	
Jul 14 2007 	Terrible Customer Service!	This hotel were hosting a Crime Mapping conference during the second week in May (8-10th May) and my organisation had naturally reserved a room for me at this hotel. On arrival, I was asked for my credit card to confirm payment of the reservation. I explained that the room had been reserved but they insisted they had not received any confirmatory fax from my organisation! The receptionist (Claudia) insisted I provide my credit card details before I could take my room! Therefore, they elicited my credit card details from me on the pretence that they had not received a fax from my organisation which had, in fact, been sent to them weeks before! The following day (9th May), I contacted my organisation who assured me they had sent the reservation fax with company credit card details to this hotel many weeks before. On departure and on trying to check out they tried to charge my credit card because they claimed they had still not received a fax from my organisation! Far from happy, I demanded to see the manager and they referred me to a Customer Services advisor who I explained I was furious with being continuously asked for my credit card details against my will. This advisor went into the main office behind reception and explained that they had in fact now received confirmation from my organisation (even though it was re-sent the previous morning!) and that the matter was resolved. The administration systems within this hotel are a complete shambles as are the management themselves. On the second day of my stay (9th May), I specifically placed a 'Do not disturb' sign on my room door only to return at midday to find that my room had been entered and the bedding replaced! Do these people not understand basic English such as 'Do not disturb'!? All in all, this is an extremely expensive hotel which has the unofficial tag as one of the most ugly looking buildings within London and one which overprices travellers based solely on its location and close proximity to London bridge. I do not recommend anyone staying at this hotel and have articulated my points to my organisation who will not be booking rooms at this hotel ever again!	
Jul 13 2007	Great location/views management needs sacking.	The location of this hotel is idyllic right next to Tower Bridge - and we were afforded a great view of the start of the Tour de France from our 7 floor room. Ask for a tower view (if you stay here), but our initial placement was a first floor room where the view of the bridge was across a dirty roof with air conditioning and other engineering equipment, bad enough, but the cigarette butts, papers, and other trash made the view disgusting. We were moved from that room when the toilet backed up spewing sewage on to the bathroom floor-and there was not maintenance available in the evening to fix it. Typical of the service at the hotel which is substandard across the board, long lines at check in, long lines at breakfast, etc. Maid service was ok, but the supervisors were intrusive. Breakfast was marginal, a lunchin the Brasserie was better. The Hotel is now a Guomon hotel and their management is apparently inept. The rooms are dark, poorly maintained with holes in the rugs, walls, sheets. The whole place needs attention. Too bad such a wonderful location has such a poor property. Hotel needs to be totally remodeled (if possible, it is really ugly and very dated structurally) and cleaned, or perhaps all new management to tear it down and build a new hotel to upgrade standards in this part of London.	
Jul 12 2007	Beware of the awful 5th floor	Booked in at smart reception area, staff friendly and apologetic for slow computer. Went to 5th floor, twin room was disgustingly scruffy and should not be let out to paying guests. I returned to reception who appeared embarassed when I said I understood that the 5th floor had not been reburbished therefore the rooms were at a reduced price (£173), but that did not excuse advertising without warning. I would not have accepted the room at £1 per night. I was given a double room (as ordered) on the same floor but less scruffy and very much cleaner. I did need to beware of splinters from some some of the broken wooden furniture. The bathroom sink was cracked and could have done with a plunger.The continental breakfast was excellent but the cooked buffet was poor quality and not heated well. On the plus side the staff were really very good and the immediate location and room views are wonderful. The 5th floor could be used as a creepy film set until refurbished.	
Jul 9 2007 	Terrible stay at overrated hotel	Going for work I spent 300 pounds per night to stay at the Tower and it was the most miserable stay I have had in a long time. I was put in a room on the 5th floor that had scuffed furniture, dirty carpets, old blankets and the worst type of spring mattress bed you can imagine. The bathroom was not much better. After having complained (to a not very friendly person at the check-in desk) I was given another room that proved to be as bad as the first one, which really annoyed me. There was absolutely no recognition of the fact that both those rooms were of terrible quality (looked like a ratty old guesthouse) ands the only excuse given was &quot;we have not refurbished floor 5&quot;. Well, then they should not pust guests paying 300 pounds a night there was my reply. In the end I got an upgrade (but only by being very insistent) and that room was decent, but certainly not more.. I do not need to add that despite all this and the very high price per night breakfast was not included...Terrible stay, expensive and unhelpful staff, don't go!	
Jul 5 2007 	Top Tip: Knock off a star when booking London hotels they never deliver!!	By star I am of course referring to the star rating, not the Brad Pitt variety!! Should have known better to think that 4 star actually came up to 4 Star standards. Silly me!!!Booked this hotel thru Superbreaks as gave us the best deal. Booked a deluxe room which was £20 more as wanted a nicer room.Very put off at check-in - long queues stretched accross the foyer so we went for a drink at the bar. Came back £10 lighter after consuming a v stingy - small glass of chardonnay each, to an even bigger queue!Eventually checked-in and what a disappointment.The room (102) was v small and the furnishings etc were so tired with a big crack in the basin (in the tiny bathroom). There was also a big stain on the carpet.Pretty stressed by this time, so headed out to Wimbledon for the tennis.That night, we ate in the Indian Restaurant within St Katherines Dock-even bigger disappointment than the hotel!!It looked really upmarket from the outside but the service was dire, it took the waiter 3 attempts to open the bottle of wine (which was the best part of the meal) The food itself was awful - poor quality meat swimming in what can only be described as slop. Needless to say, we didn't hang around for dessert (which was a good job because no-one asked us anyway) And paid the bill - less the service charge as the meal was so crap - first time we have never left a good tip. They didn't seem bothered that we had such a rubbish meal, I guess they know that their average customer is only in town for the night - ditto the hotel.Are all London hotels and restaurants like this??	
Jun 18 2007 	Bedbugs horror! Definitely not worthy of 4*	I booked this hotel through Lastminute.com and paid £109 for a standard room. Having stayed in the luxurious Hilton London Bridge a few weeks previously, I expected a similar standard. What a shock! The room (on the 5th floor) was really shabby, 2 old single beds that wouldn't have looked out of place at my Grandma's house! All the furniture looked worn, there was no safe, nothing to say it was a 4* hotel.  I slept badly, waking in the night scratching. Was woken at 8 am by Housekeeping knocking on my door! Really irritating after a bad night's sleep. When I woke up I realise I had been bitten all over my legs, over 10 bites. I don't know whether they were bedbugs or fleas but I have never had this awful experience before. I spent the next few days itching and ended up with red marks all over my legs.As soon as I got back I emailed the hotel to complain, I have had no response. I have resent the email 3 times and still no response. I am really shocked that a 4* hotel treats its customers in this way. The only positive thing about this hotel is its location. I presume that the deluxe rooms are better but I would definitely recommend that travellers book other hotels in favour of this one. I wouldn't stay here again regardless of the room. You have been warned!	
Jun 16 2007 	Not too bad!	We stayed at the Tower Hotel for an evening on 9th June 2007 for a birthday celebration.We booked through superbreaks website and found this easy and problem free!Upon our arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the staff at the check in desk. We didn’t have much to do with them throughout our stay but the clerk gave us all the information we needed for the duration of our visit. We used the Information desk near to one of the entrances for directions and they supplied us with a very good map of London and the attractions. The underground was messed up again so we mainly used taxis as our mode of transport. Taxis were frequently passing the front of the hotel and were easy to call and stop.Room – The room was nice. It had all that we needed. You are given a key card to get into your room. There was an ironing board and iron, electronic code safe, television with pay per view and hairdryer. In a small coffee table there was a kettle and tea and coffee making facilities. On the working area there was a manual about the Hotels facilities and a telephone for room service ect. The bed was fine and comfortable – no springs digging into us in our bed. The bathroom was clean and everything worked fine. Food – We stayed at the hotel for breakfast. There are two areas which offer breakfast and these are the Carvery, on the upper ground level, and the Brasserie which is on the lower floor. We ate at the Brasserie as it was open longer for breakfast. The breakfast is in a buffet style offering a full English, Continental and a selection of fruit juices. All of the food which we had was hot and of a very good quality. We have nothing bad to say about my experience at this restaurant. The breakfast was in as part of the room so I am not sure how much the breakfast would cost on its own. We have in the past dined at the Carvery for lunch at the hotel. Each time I have eaten here I have found the food to be good quality with a lot of choice. You can have as much or as little as you want. There were also about three options for vegetarians.The X bar offers very good views of the Thames and TOWER BRIDGE. The first time I went in there is was god smacked by the view. We spent a long time in there just watching the world go by. The drinks are reasonably priced apart from a small glass of mineral water which was bloody expensive at £3.50!!!!!	
Jun 11 2007	Good if you find at a discount not for full price	We booked The Tower through Lastminute.com as one of their “Top Secret” hotels (very easy to work out, it is very close to Tower Bridge station!) for £138 for two nights – so £69 per night. Sadly, things did not get off to a good start.Despite receiving confirmation from Lastminute that we had one room for two nights, I decided to play safe and check with the hotel – just as well, as they thought we had two rooms for two nights! A farcical game of “It isn’t our fault, it is theirs” now took place. We went from two rooms… to NO rooms, then back to what we actually wanted, with each side blaming the other all the way, and our having to play piggy in the middle and calling up each side before this was sorted.During this process, one of the people I spoke to offered us a free upgrade (see below). When my wife mentioned this – and the name and extension number of the person in Customer Services – the response from reception was “I don’t know who that is”! One phone call would have sorted that out – a poor response I feel.While we were sorting out the mess, another couple were booking in, who had also booked their room via Lastminute – and they booked in with no problems whatsoever. That said, we did hear the receptionist saying “If you have any problems with your room, just let me know” – hardly encouraging!To apologise, The Tower offered us a free upgrade to a Deluxe King. We were situated on the first floor (room 142) and cannot complain at the room… at the price we paid. The bed was huge and would comfortably sleep three people (if that is your lifestyle preference). That said, if we had paid full price (I understand it is £150 a night) for a room of that size, we would have been distinctly unimpressed.That said, the bed was very comfortable and the features (speaker in bathroom so you could hear TV/Radio if you wished, trouser press and ironing board and combination safe) were appreciated. The room was also clean and of decent condition. Our view was onto part of The Thames and across to the Yacht Club and entrance to St Katharine’s Dock – so great for watching the vessels coming in and leaving the dock.We ate at The Carvery on our first evening – the food was excellent and good value at £22 a head, excluding drinks. On our last evening, we had a snack in The Gallery bar – and again the standard of food was excellent, if expensive (£8.50 for a steak sandwich and £3.95 for a bowl of fries). If you want alternative places to eat, St Katharine’s Dock will provide options.Checkout looked like it would be a long wait as there was quite a queue when we came down, but it was dealt with quickly and efficiently.Verdict: If you book the hotel on some kind of discount rate, then it is value for money. But I would want much more for my money for the full price.	
Jun 7 2007 	The Luxury Arm of Thistle Hotels - um!	The hotel with the best views in London but be careful! Inside it is tired out and the rooms are very small. Nothing works in the room - heated towel rail? - broken - wall safe? broken. etc etc.I have stayed in this hotel many times because my company puts me up there because it is near the office so I know the rooms are consistently bad.The restaurants are also expensive and the food is of very poor quality, with the exception of the carvery.The harassed reception staff do a reasonable jon of check in/out but the management, when approached on the problems faced, couldn't care less, knowing fully that they will be booked out the next day with tourists regardless of quality because of its location.One to avoid if possible - only say there is you want the view and do not care about hotel quality.	
Jun 5 2007 	OK for tourists	We stayed in the Tower for one Friday night while we 'did the town'. We got a cheap deal from lastminute so the price was reasonable for a room in London, but I would never pay 'full' price for this standard.The fittings in the room and particularly the bathroom are very tired and I felt the whole hotel now needs an unlift inside and out. We enjoyed the location (between Tower Bridge and St Katherines Dock) as there is a lot to do and see right on the door step. The Thames area has improved in the last few years and it's a nice place to be.We found the staff were very polite and helpful, but to be honest we were only in the hotel a few hours.	
Jun 4 2007 	last minute stay	Was looking for a hotel for stay after a concert on [--] This one came up as a &quot;top secret hotel&quot; and we were sure it was the hotel by the Tower Bridge which indeed it was. At a good price we plumped for it and hoped that it would be OK.This was the former Thistle Tower, and some has undergone renovation. The re-name to Guoman is a Thistle &quot;luxury hotel&quot; brand. However, but the floor we stayed on (5th) was awaiting renovation and the room furniture was very old and tired. To be fair, the room had a great view of the Bridge and as it looked out over the river it was nice and quiet for a London location Would be a great base for exploring some historic parts of London (Tower of London, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, the London Dungeons), St Katharine's Docks and the financial district but if you plan to spend a reasonable sum and expect good things make sure you ask for a renovated floor / room (and with a river/bridge view!).	
Jun 2 2007 	More Miss than Hit	I was recently booked into the hotel for one night on a business trip. I had previously stayed here when the hotel was owned by Thistle and remember getting a huge comfy room with excellent facilities.No such luck on this trip. I was booked into Rm 232, an fairly small double room. The room, furniture and decor were all tired and the desk chair was stained. The hotel and room were incredibly stuffy, the air con did little to alleviate the heat. Thankfully the room window opened but given that London is generally pretty warm it would have been nice to have air con that had some effect in cooling the room.I ordered some room service and was really let down. I had to eat my dessert first as it had been heated to only luke warm and I didn't fancy cold custard. My open-top salmon and cream cheese sandwich appeared minus the cream cheese and with a huge load of grey looking salmon dumped on top of tough toast. I was too tired by this point to complain so retired to bed.Well, what can I say about the bed? It's been a long time since I've lain in a bed where I can feel the mattress springs digging into me at all angles.My advise would be to avoid this hotel at all costs, or be prepared to complain and change rooms several times to get one where you can stay in comfort.	
May 29 2007	My worst experience of a london Hotel	We have just returned from a long weekend in London staying at this joke of a hotel. Firstly we were put in a &quot;family room&quot; directly above the function room of the hotel, which had weddding receptions booked on both fri &amp; sat nights and were kept awake till at least 1am. We phoned reception several times to ask what time things would quiet down to discover to our horror that only a limited number of staff could understand plain good old english. Most of the staff we encountered could not speak or understand the english language. No matter how small the request made to staff (especially at breakfast) it always seemed like a problem. I will however say that if you were lucky enough to deal with a good local cockney londoner you were dealt with efficiently and swiftley. I have stayed in Thistle hotel marble arch and the difference between these hotels is night and day. The most I would rate the Thistle hotel at the London Tower is 2 star. I would strongly suggest any would be traveller avoid this hotel	
May 28 2007 	Good Stay	On reading other reviews about this hotel before staying i was worried what I might find. I stayed there for one night as part of a theatre and hotel break for a friends 21st birthday. We had three rooms between six of us and all three were absolutely fine for what we wanted. We didnt have a view of the bridge but we were looking over the thames which was still very nice. We had a continental breakfast in the morning and were pleasently surprised at how well they kept the food stocked up. Overall a good stay and would use the hotel again.	
May 27 2007 	Think very carefully ...	If you want to stay here, be very certain why you wish to do so. I will not go back. I found it out of the way (its close to london bridge but some way from the nearest tube served with less than good connections to the center of town. As a Guoman hotel I thought it would be the same quality as the other, in the stable the Cumberland. Alas, this is the ugly step sister and the &quot;make-over&quot; amounts to two public floors at the bottom of the hotel (check-in and the restaurant floors). The other floors are virtually untouched. tacky and the experience frustrating to say the least. ¨This hotel as definately not as fabulous as it looks on the official website - try expedia candid pics for a good idea! This is an old Thistle hotel and looks the part! The rooms are stuck in the 1980´s, dark and the hotel is hopelessly too large for the amount of lifts. At ten in the morning you WAIT. and then some more ... My toast ordered through room service in the morning was served wrapped in a paper napkin and on no plate. Many groups check in and waiting time at reception is long. The operator takes forever to pick up the phone (from inside and outside the hotel). In my opinion there are many better and more convenient hotels in the same price range and much better locations. I often stayed at the Tower's sister hotel the Cumberland a number of times and will go back there. Yes, the hotel is large, the standard rooms small and the hallways busy. But the duvets on the beds, the funky decor, the excellent location and the large plasma tv screens makes it all worthwhile.	
May 19 2007	Hotel Standard	Stayed for a week whilst attending a training course in the City. On arrival the check in computer had failed with no back up system (for a hotel of this, supposed, class?). No additional staff had been put on duty to cope with the extra work and as a result travellers were subjected to considerable delays and much confusion.Rooms were pleasant enough and clean, but fixtures and fittings looked old and tired.Smoking room allocated even though non-smoking requested.Standard of service at front end and in restaurants was poor and inefficient at best, especially given the number of guests. Staff had no sense of urgency and their general manner and demeanour left much to be desired.Not all doom and gloom though ... bar staff friendly, concierge highly knowledgeable, views of Tower Bridge and St Katharine's Dock excellent and food of a high standard (if overpriced!).All in all a reasonable 3* establishment .... unfortunately it's rated as 4* ... and priced towards the 5* market.An independent quality audit would be interesting to see as I'm sure I've only just scratched the surface of this hotels failings.	
May 14 2007 	Beautiful View	My boyfriend and I were looking to spend a romantic evening in central London so we booked one night at the Tower Hotel. The room and hotel facility was well maintained, comfortable and clean. Although this hotel offers a quality stay, I do not recommend paying a high price for a room as I didn't find anything beyond exceptional about it. The best attribute of the hotel is the location overlooking the beautiful Tower Bridge. For those that have never been to London, the Tower Bridge is stunning at night when it is completely illuminated.	
May 13 2007 	Don't believe everything you read!	Having accepted an invitation to a Friday night business function in the City of London, my wife and I thought we'd make a romantic weekend of it, being the sort of thing we'd do perhaps only once a year, living in Worcestershire. So, having had a good experience last year of booking a hotel on-line through a booking agency I adopted the same game plan and spent a couple of hours trawling through sites like London Town, Hotel Doorman and Lastminute.com. Eventually I decided on The Tower, which looked the perfect venue- 4 stars, on-site parking and a great riverside location overlooking Tower Bridge and close to our function venue. Surprisingly, the best price I could find for a Deluxe room was with the hotel direct, but upon calling them 2 days before our visit they said there were no rooms whatsoever available (remember this later!). In desperation I revisited Lastminute.com, who were offering details of hotel prices &quot;so good the hotels won't allow themselves to be named&quot;. I don't normally buy that kind of sales line, but from the description given I was pretty sure it was the Tower (and was right), so booked a Standard room with English breakfast, 1 night for £79. Disappointed only Standard rooms available, but at least I'd got the venue I wanted. The night before we were due to travel I looked up a location map on Google, found this review site by accident and was completely gutted to see that just about every reviewer totally slated the place- &quot;don't touch with a bargepole&quot; being the general concensus of numerous reviewers. By this time it was too late to cancel, so hoped for the best, deciding to ask on arrival if any remote chance of a room upgrade . To cut to the chase, upon arrival first impressions were great, we were told at reception that we had been given a free upgrade as hotel was not full (excuse me?), the room was lovely (Deluxe) overlooking Tower Bridge, and we were very impressed with both the customer service and the riverside views from both the XI bar and the Brasserie where an excellent English Breakfast was served. We felt that the quality of accomodation and location was exactly what we were hoping for, and would definitely stay here again and recommend to others. Also would recommend Lastminute.com- all this for £79 was an absolute bargain!	
Apr 18 2007 	Enjoyable Stay	We spent a night at the Tower Hotel as part of a Dirty Dancing Theatre break. We found checkin to be very quick and our room to be just what we wanted for our stay in London. Great view of the Tower Bridge and the Thames. Breakfast was self service buffet style but there was plenty of it. Our package included continental breakfast but we could have had a cooked breakfast and paid the extra. All in all we had a good stay and for a very busy hotel we couldn't really find anything to complain about. Infact we have stayed in several hotels in London over the years but I would certainly put this one as one that we would return to for a night or two in London.	
Apr 17 2007 	Tower - Distinctly Average	I have stayed at this hotel on several occasions, on business.Fantastic location. Only a few minutes walk from Tower Hill Tube Station and literally right beside Tower Bridge.I believe that this hotel was part of the Thistle Chain but now forms part of the Guoman Group.The website focus on the parts of the hotel which have been refurbished and indeed the feel is modern, airy and contemporary.Check In - This last visit I found that the receptionist looked down her nose at me until she realised upon checking her records that I had stayed at the hotel before. Her tone then changed.The meals that I have had within the hotel have been ok. Not great but certainly not inedible.Room Service is efficient - so no complaints there.However the rooms are tired. I have always been lucky enough to have a Tower and River facing room, but thats where the pleasantries end. The rooms smell fusty and feel dirty and tired. I read other reviews to see if I was being somewhat fussy, but the reviews have been consistent with my thoughts. Tired bed linen and dirty on one occasion.My bathroom was covered in cracked tiles. I noticed that standard room rate was £220. If they want to charge this amount, this hotel needs a full refurb and to step up its game.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great views and v nice 4 star hotel	I was staying at the Tower on business in April 2007, and was pleasantly surprised just how good I found it. Initial impressions were favourable – nice lobby, effective check in and friendly concierge. As I had a standard room (room 369), I wasn’t expecting much. However, I was amazed to find a really large room with stunning views of the Thames and Tower Bridge! Even more amazing was a window which actually opened (a real rareity in London). I ordered room service after coming back in late, and it arrived promptly with no fuss. Bedspread was a bit worn and thin, but the bed itself was extremely comfortable. As I didn’t book the room myself, I’m not sure how much it cost. However, based on my experience and expectations of similar hotels in London, I’d be happy to pay £120 - £130 night for that size of room, and probably more for those views. One of the best 4 star hotels in London, I’d say.	
Apr 5 2007 	Be Careful If You Used Priceline	The hotel is OK only for a cheap price. The rooms are indeed well-worn. The attempt to get you to upgrade on check-in is easily brushed off. However, at check-out, I wasted ten precious minutes telling the Eastern European clerk that I was not going to pay an extra 70 pound per night. (I already paid Priceline). She went back several times to talk to her &quot;manager&quot; with different arguments, all weak, including &quot;Priceline only used your credit card as a 'hold.'&quot; I had heard about these stories at this hotel before and was surprised to see they're still trying this old scam!	
Apr 3 2007 	Not the best experience	This hotel was booked as part of a Theatre Break.Hotel Receiption area and staff very nice but that is where it ends.The rooms we had been allocated were smoking rooms and we had requested non-smoking rooms. On arrival in the room we found it to be smelly, decor yellow with smoke, furniture scratched and faded with plinths missing. The bed cover was so old it had started to fray (looked like the months had been eating it), it looked dirty and had stains on it and the valances did not match. On top of this we found the previous occupant's T-shirt left on the bed.We complained and was given another room. This was a non-smoking room but the decor, etc, was exactly the same as the first room - tired and tatty.Breakfast was not the best. We had to queue for a table, food basic, breakfast dishes were old soup bowls which were stained from the soup, no pots of tea or coffee just a waiter walking round offering you the odd cup here and there.Overall opinion : 2 star rooms, 2 start service, 4 star location.	
Mar 31 2007 	Great location for a weekend break in London	Stayed in the Tower for 3 nights as I was attending a course in the city.I travelled to the hotel by tube from Heathrow, got a bit confused and lost en route when I left Tower Hill tube, might have been better to taxi it as you have to use the subways. First impressions of the hotel were great, the foyer and 1st floor are very contemporary. Check in was fine staff were very friendly. I was suprised by the room as it was defintely not contemporary ...previous reviews have described the rooms as tired, I would agree. The view from my room was superb...over looking the Thames and London Bridge. The area around the hotel is St Katerine's Dock, lots of restaurants and little boutique shops and boats.Had breakfast in my room each day , quite expensive, but I was on my own and didn't want to venture down to the restaurant.There was a bit of a queue each day to get a taxi....so give yourself a bit of time if you need to go somewhere by a specific time.I would stay in the hotel again, it would be nice to go for a weekend break, even though I was disappointed with the room.	
Mar 28 2007	The price was the only luxurious aspect of this hotel!	I stayed at the Tower A Guoman Hotel from the 20th to the 22nd of March 2007. For around 500 $ per night I got a supposedly luxurious suite with windows that were not closing because the system was broken (it took me one day to get it temporarily fixed), a light smell of sewer system in the room and the toilet flushing system that was working after two or three trials. On top of that I got food poisoning at the restaurant with a buffet that had stuff dating from the previous weekend, I tried to select the freshest stuff, but obviously it did not work. This hotel is the worst rip off I have ever seen in my business/tourist life.	
Mar 28 2007 	Did we stay at the same hotel???	We chose The Tower hotel as a slightly cheaper hotel than our usual Thistle Marble Arch. I work in the travel industry and had friends who had stayed there and thoroughly enjoyed their stay so I had no hesistation in booking our 2 night break.The hotel is approx 10 mins from the nearest tube station Tower Hill. The building from the outside does look horrendous. It could definately do with updating!! On entering the hotel however it is very modern and spacious. Our check in took about 5 mins as we did have to queue but it was fairly quick and easy. We had a room on the 6th floor which didnt look over the Tower Bridge but did have a good view of St Katherines Dock. Our room was spacious and very modern in decor. We had a double bed, seating area, dressing table, tv, mini bar (fillable on req), tea and coffee making facilities and plenty of storage space. The room also had a safe, iron and hairdryer. The bath room looked brand new. Huge power shower over the top of the bath, heated towel rail, lots of fresh towels and Molten Brown toiletries. Only one dressing gown however which I thought was a bit odd!!!Breakfast I thought was lovely - full english with your usual choice, toast, pastries, fruit and juices. I did notice a huge queue when we left though we seemed to time it just right every morning - try and get there by 9am!!The location of the hotel is enviable - right by the Tower Bridge, Tower of London. My advice go up the Tower Bridge after breakfast to avoid the rush.Have a pleasant stay - we certainly did!! Was so shocked to read these reviews after our stay had gone so well!!!	
Mar 19 2007 	If you can buy a room at the right price - great!	This hotel, built probably of concrete looks as if it has emerged from the sludge of the Thames to stand in a very prominent position overlooking St Katherines Dock and Tower Bridge. The views from the rooms are magic.The surrounding architecture is spectacular and there is probably a movement to have this bulding destroyed.Our purpose in staying at the Hotel was to spend a week end in London and visit a trade exhibition.We arrived on Friday night and checked out on Monday.The initial impression is very good, a lofty entrance hall which looks up to a mezzanine floor where the bar and restaurants are situated.Check in for us was a long winded affair mainly because of the incoming coach parties and check out despite minimal expenditure took just less than 15 minutes.Up to the room - very clean, plenty of towels, toiletries and tea making facilities - but the room - oh so tired. The shower head in our room needed an overhaul.The following morning we couldn't get breakfast because of long queues so wandered across the dock to a little cafe that produced the full works for £5.95.Parking at the week end @ £14.00 per night - there is a cheaper alternative 200 metres away.Lots of eating places within 10 minutes walk.We paid £69.00 per room only basis per night and that seems to us like a fair deal!	
Mar 17 2007 	pleasantly surprised	We booked this hotel as part of a theatre weekend deal for its location.On reading rewiews afterwards we were rather worried as to what we had done! However, our concern turned to pleasant surprise once we saw our room.Located on the sxith floor it was nicely decorated and although we did not have a Tower Bridge view we had views of Canary wharf the Thames and St Katherines Dock which was very nice indeed.The breakfast buffet which was included, was excellent .The views of the Thames front location of the restaurant making the experiance all the more enjoyable.In fact, we were so pleased with our stay we have booked to go to this same hotel again next month!	
Mar 14 2007	Great place for tourists to stay	Prior to leaving for a weekend stay at this hotel, I read a few bad reviews. I booked my stay through priceline. I paid $110. (55 pounds) per night. It was a great price! The hotel was neat and clean. A bit worn, but I like that character-it's old. My room had lots of space and a $500 a night view. The Tower bridge! My room had room to write and a full-sized bathroom. The weekend I stayed there, they were relocating their computer system and so I dealt witha manual check-in. Still I have nothing but good things to report about this hotel. I have to admit that I never go to a hotel to enjoy their overpriced amenities, I use hotels as a place to sleep and bathe. For this purpose I find no fault with this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised to find that its location was perfect for me, a tourist. It was close to most everything I wanted to see. I highly recommend this hotel to tourists.	
Mar 12 2007 	world class location	fantastic views of one of the worlds greatest icons makes this hotel worthwhile - apart from that, distinctly average.paid £99 for decent room for 2 with good value breakfast buffet. lotsto do in this part of london. well worth it if you can get the room for less than £100	
Mar 8 2007	Nice Hotel	This is a nice hotel very spacious and exceutive feel as you walk in,I have stayed here twice and both times had a lvoely room with a great view of the thames.Breakfast is very expensive at £19.00 a head I think it was and was not worth it for what i ate.IF you go out of the hotel and cross tower bridge there is a lovely bar that serves food on the end of the parade of shops here you get good food at a good price.The weekend we stayed there was the Princes Trust concert at the tower of london which was great with Sugababes, Etc staying in the hotel itself.There were also fireworks on the Thames right outside the window which were very dramatic and great added entertainment.That said I had to go up 5 floors to get ice as not every floor has Ice machines.The staff are NOT 4+ Star hotel staff and checking in is very difficult with language barriers,The first time we stayed we had a massive bed with 3 sets of double pillows it was so big but on the second stay we paid to upgrade the room and the bed was smaller than our first stay.	
Mar 5 2007	Semen stained chair and a mattress that smelled of vomit.	I stayed at the Tower for 2 nights. The overall impression of the hotel is quite good, but the key elements--the room and the bed--were not up to par. The location could not be beat. I was a few steps away from Tower Bridge, the Tower of London and St. Katherine's Docks. However, the walk to the Tower Hill tube station on the Circle/District lines could be daunting. I had to either walk over no less than 4 intersections or through several undergound walkways. Plus, access to the hotel was constricted for pedestrians--being a very small sidewalk round a parking gate. The hotel was definately laid out for customers to arrive by car. The interior of the lobby was nice in the international hotel standard sense. There was nothing distinctive about the lobby--it could have been a lobby in any part of the world. Overall, the lobby was quite welcoming and kept up. However, this was not quite the case when going to my floor. My room was on the 2nd floor; the halls of that floor were dark and well worn. It is surprising that one could see the wear and tear even in the dim lighting. The hotel was tolerable up until the bedroom. The size was small to me (for the price), but was expected for London. The decor of the rooms and halls do not match the lobby (perhaps different renovations?) with the former being homely and warm while the latter being contemporary. The wood panneling in the room was scratched from luggage and people passing by it for years. The carpet as well was somewhat tired. But, it was not until I was going to sit at the desk was I repulsed. In no less than three splatters were the remains of a man's ejaculation! With the chair out of the question, I looked over at the bed. I was with a group and had a roommate assigned to me. There were two small beds sharing one large king sized comforter! I have no problems sharing, but with this being a 4 star hotel, I had expected something beyond necessity. That night I was too tired to notice much, but did take note of an odd odor when I was on the bed. The second night, I had taken more time going to sleep and turned several times on the very old mattress. I could feel the thing poking my ribs! When I was on my left side everything was okay, but when I shifted to the right I noticed a strong odor. It had the smell of dried vomit or someother bodily odor. I then investigated and found it to me the mattress, where the mattress cover (I wonder why that was there) had slipped to one side and exposed the mattress to contact the sheets. I could not do anything about it at that time of the night, so I had to endure it. The morning breakfasts were somewhat confusing. As I had not paid for anything, I did not care about the pricing, but the meal seemed to be overpriced--even at London standards. The wait staff made a fuss over which color card you had to determine if you had the continental or the English breakfasts. Once inside there was no policing and the prices really did not matter (even though one cost approx. £13 and the other £17). On the first morning, I had the English breakfast even though my group had paid for the continental only. This was learned after others from my group had told me. It was my understanding from the waitress was that I was admitted--she only grunted something about breakfast. So, I learned for the following morning and had only what was allocated to me. In my opinion, a few pieces of cold cuts, cheese, croissants, and juice were not worth £13!!Back in the room, the bathroom was good. There was nothing spectacular about it, but I found it to be clean and well maintained.	
Mar 2 2007 	great views but service could be a LOT better	great veiws of tower bridge from the breakfast room but that was about it, very pushey to upgrade at check in, a good 5-10 min walk to the nearest tube room service very slow almost an hour for a plate of nachos, fairly clean but not worth the asking price theres much better in london.	
Feb 28 2007	Doesn't justify the ridiculous prices	I stayed at the Guoman &quot;The Tower&quot; between Monday 26th Feb and Wednesday 1st March, 2007. I booked the hotel as it had been recommended to me by my company.I booked a &quot;Club Class&quot; room for just under £200 per night - and that price DIDN'T include breakfast (!). For that price, I expected a large, quality room, with every possible convenience.The hotel is easily accessible from Tower Hill underground station, and is signposted from the Underground - it is, however, a good 5 minutes walk from the Underground, so be wary if you have lots of luggage. The hotel is in a very dramatic location - right on the River Thames - but the building itself is not attractive. The reception was clean and well presented; check-in was quick and efficient. However, everything went downhill when I got to the room.WHAT a disappointment! Bear in mind I was paying just under £200 per night (breakfast not included). For that, I got an average sized room that was furnished to a slightly better standard than your average budget Travel Lodge. Wallpaper was peeling, and there were obvious scuff marks on the walls and doors. The TV had the standard 5 terrestial channels, and just 3 free satellite channels - no DVD in the room. In its favour, the room did have spectacular views of Tower Bridge and the Thames, but my room was also overlooked by another wing of the hotel, which is a hideous 1970's style concrete monstrosity. I travel fairly frequently, and for £200 you can get MUCH better accommodation in London. In addition, the food is hideously overpriced - I ordered a burger from room service, for £13.50! Just as well it was going on expenses!In summary: clean and comfortable, with nice views, good for visiting London, but that doesn't justify the ridiculous prices. I won't be staying there again.	
Feb 25 2007	fanatastic!	My boyfriend and I had the most wonderful time at this hotel, the service was great, the rooms were adequately sized with great views of the tower bridge. we would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. although i do also recommend you do not go to the restaurants within the hotel, except for breakfast as they are over priced and the food was not up to standard. there are restaurants very close that were much nicer and it is so very close to the tube!	
Feb 14 2007	Truly Horrendous	I do not know where to begin with this hotel, its so awful!I have recently had a one-night stay at the Guoman Tower Hotel and the quality of the hotel was horrendous, and it is rated as a 4-star! I made the booking with Newmarket Promotions as a weekend theatre break at a 4-star hotel. They gave me the choice of 3 different hotels and I chose the Guoman Tower Hotel after researching on the hotel website and thinking it looked lovely. We arrived at the hotel at 2pm on Saturday 10th February and found there was a very large queue for check-in due to the systems being down. After waiting 20 minutes we checked in and were given a key for room 244. When we got to the room with all our bags the key would not work in the door so my partner had to go downstairs to sort it.When we finally got in the room we absolutely could not believe the condition it was in. There is no way that the room was 4-star standard at all. There was so much wrong with the room I will actually have to list it for you:? The wallpaper was ripped or patched in places and had scuff marks? The front of a drawer was hanging off.? Drawers would not close.? A handle was missing from the window.? The woodwork was all scratched and worn.? The television had stains on the front.? One of the chairs was ripped through to the foam.? The bedclothes consisted of a very worn quilt cover and a yellowed, bobbled blanket – no duvet.? I opened the door to the mini bar and was choked with the amount of dust.? The toilet flush had scum around the handle.Honestly we just could not believe it. We called Newmarket Promotions who advised us to approach the reception desk and ask to be moved to another room. We went downstairs with our bags and the check in queue was still extremely long. So, instead, we approached the concierge desk. The concierge asked if we would stay in the room until they could resolve the issue. We did so and a housekeeper and maintenance man were sent to the room. However, there is no way this was enough to resolve the issue. It would have taken ages to sort the room and the room was by no means up to 4-star standard anyway!We then went back downstairs and approached a different concierge. He said we would have to wait in the check-in queue again to resolve the issue. Although we definitely should not have had to, we did so for yet another 20 minutes. When we approached the reception desk we asked to see a manager as we had a complaint. The receptionist scowled at us and asked us to wait. She was gone for 10 minutes and brought out a manager. He explained that the systems were down and we would have to wait until 5 or 6 o’clock till the systems were back on until he could arrange another room for us. He said otherwise there would be double-bookings from rooms being booked manually. I explained that we would have to go out at 6 o’clock for our theatre show and he said he would call us in room 244 at 5 o’clock if we would wait there.We did this and received no phone call and ended up having to call ourselves. A porter came up to the room at 5.25 with our new room key for room 677. Obviously as I am sure you can understand we did not want to get washed and dressed for the theatre in the initial room, so upon getting to our new room we only had half an hour to get ready to go out and rush to the theatre. Before we left home we intended to use the time between check-in and leaving for the theatre (4 hours) to have a meal or see the London sights. Instead we spent this whole time waiting to get out of a below standard room. After the theatre, having not had a meal, we came back to the hotel and ordered room service. After the porter delivered the meal, I found that he had not given us what we had ordered. By this point we were so hungry and so exhausted we did not even have the energy to complain again. Overall the entire experience was truly horrific. What should have been an enjoyable and restful weekend turned out to be a nightmare and I have now returned to work feeling more exhausted than I was before I left. It has left myself and my partner very upset, stressed and disappointed - we made the booking last October and really were looking forward to it and we spent a great deal of money on the whole experience. Some of what I have typed here I have sent in a complaint letter to the hotel and holiday company. I really would advise you to avoid this hotel at all costs!	
Feb 7 2007 	Beware of the pictures on the website	AverageI don,t see why hotels are allowed to post pictures on their websites that are not representative of the rooms actually available---our room was nothing like as luxuriousWe upgraded to an executive room with a view of tower bridge and were told it was recently refurbished --It cost us 288 pounds for a two night stayNonsense --the room was okay but quite shabby in parts with marks all over the walls ,the bathroom a little worse for wear and not the largest of beds--i can,t imagine what the basic rooms are like as this was above a standard and a superior room they have availableIt cannot have been refurbished recentlyHaving said thatThe breakfasts are very good and the hotel itself is perfectly acceptable with decent cafe,s and barsJust don,t expect too much regarding the rooms	
Feb 5 2007 	Dreadful	I stayed at the Tower on a business trip. Thankfully, I only had to stay one night, but that was bad enough.On arriving at the hotel, I was impressed by it's location (right next to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge) and the reception area was smart and clean, although the queues to check in were long.Once I had checked in, I proceeded to my room, and found that they had given me a smoking room, when I had specifically requested non-smoking. Not only did the room smell strongly of smoke, there were still cigarette butts in the ash tray! The room itsself was also grotty, 2 single beds despite booking a double, and generally a dated look about it.I rang reception and after a long wait was connected, I explained the situation and asked to change rooms. I was told that there were no rooms available, but I could have a maid come and &quot;refresh my room&quot;. I stood my ground and demanded a new room, even if my company had to pay for an upgrade. The line went quiet for a few minutes, then he came back on the line and said that there was a room available and that a porter would take me to it. The porter arrived, and took me downstairs via a concrete fire exit (!!!!) to the new room. This one was non-smoking, but was still dated, cold, and grotty. I had arrived late so couldn't be bothered with the hassle of going downstairs for dinner, so I ordered room service, which was vile. I ordered a pizza, and it was definately greasy takeway end of a night out style food as opposed to what you might expect from a supposedly decent hotel. To top things off, in the morning I discovered the shower didn't work properly either, and I had to use a bath attachment instead.Overall - AWFUL, I would never recommend staying here. The company totally mis-represent the rooms on the website as I presume the pictures shown are of their upgraded 'city club' rooms, however the 'standard' rooms like the one I stayed in aren't shown. It's not even cheap, at £200 a night I expected FAR better.AVOID THIS HOTEL!	
Jan 31 2007 	Awful...	What an awful hotel. At check-in I was asked if I'd like to upgrade - that annoyed me straight away. The hotel looks impressive outside but was really shabby and tired inside - ripped carpet, scuffed walls, etc. The room was very basic for £150-£200 a night. It was too late for me to go out for food so I ate in the room. The food prices for room service were ludricously high and the quality of the food was very poor when it was delivered… I could have done better myself. In the morning I'd asked for an alarm call at 7:30 - I was woken up at 6:15. Then the water for the shower was tepid and the towel heating rail was never on - talk about keeping down their costs! All in all a very disappointing experience. I will not be staying at this hotel again. Incidentally, I'm told that the Hilton at the other side of the bridge is very nice and is doing much better business as a result.	
Jan 18 2007 	Impressed	Stayed at the Tower Hotel on New Years Eve, this year and had a lovely time. Me and my Husband stayed there for one night before flying off on honeymoon. I was unsure what to expect, after reading previous reviews but all was good.We paid for an executive suite and had the most amazing view of Tower Bridge. The room was spacious, clean and modern. On returning from our night out, we found a bottle of champagne and a box of chocs in our room, courtesy of the hotel, to celebrate the start of our honeymoon, which we thought was a lovely touch.Checking in and out was very efficient and the only slight complaint we had, was that there was a queue for breakfast....we waited approx. 10-15mins to be seated, was worth it as breakfast was delicious!Excellent location and stunning views, would recommend.	
Jan 14 2007 	no double room! careful! "standard" room = not refurbished	After reading many reviews about the GuomanTower I decided to chance a one night Saturday stay on 13-01-07 staying in room 1034 [10th floor] and paying a very reasonable GBP79 inc breakfast. I booked a &quot;standard&quot; &quot;double&quot; room direct with the hotels website. Main problems: 1] No double rooms left at 17:30pm on saturday checkin! 2] It is not made clear on the website that a &quot;standard&quot; room is not &quot;refurbished&quot; and may be old style and rather tatty and not representative of the website photo's or the narrative spin. I wanted a modern contemporary style room. I would not stay at this hotel again because on this trip I booked and needed a double room. I would have taken any double room! But there was nothing I was told. Also my booking was &quot;no cancellation&quot; - so they had me over a barrel! This is not acceptable in any way - whatever number of stars a hotel has. Along with the apology I would expect an offer of a refund straight away as the hotel has failed to delivery which I reserved, or a future free stay. Too many London hotels are giving apologies which are often cheap insincere devices and not giving proper compensation to the guest. Keep in mind that the nearby Apex and Grange City are good hotels where it is possible to pay a little more and have a good stay. My twin room was clean and the shower worked well. Check-in queue of 10-15 mins. Check-out on Sunday at 11.15am worse - 15-20 mins and even worse shortly later. For me, it was free to deliver breakfast to the room! But I went to the breakfast room to see the famous lady who does the breakfast and she was OK actually. The breakfast was adequate and staff did restock - everything was there. Apparently go to breakfast at 6.30am and it should be not too busy!! A pint of Becks beer in the hotel bar was a reasonable GBP3.5 but the seats with a Tower Bridge view were full, sadly. Whatever the customer pays a 4 star hotel should deliver a four star service and facility: and for me basic to this [and a one star!] is providing a double room when one is specifically booked and confirmed. For this reason, and the failure, of the hotel to adequate compensate me by the time of writing this I can only give the hotel and &quot;Okay&quot; rating even though, otherwise, it was not as bad as I thought from the reviews below. If the hotel invites me to stay again I will write a new review to replace this one. At GBP79 inc breakfast and if you accept any room allocated on arrival this hotel is good value. At above GBP100 look elsewhere. Miki xx	
Jan 9 2007 	Not bad at all	Was a little worried about this hotel from the mixed reviews it has received on this website.Arrived late afternoon on a Sunday and staff VERY attentive. Foyer was very impressive and was offered the chance to upgrade which I took for a reasonable sum.The view rom the room was fantastic, straight onto the Tower Bridge. Room was fairly modern, clean and adequate. Mini bar not stocked which was disappointingThe bar was okay with good views again of the Tower. No problems checking out and leaving bags for the day with concierge.Yeah, a reasonably priced hotel with unbeatable location and views. I'd stay again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Leaves a lot to be desired - not worth the price	This hotel was formerly a Thistle hotel. It has not seen some refurbishment but not everywhere. The room I stayed in was just horrible. Stained carpet and very old furniture. The room and coridor had clearly not been refurbished since the 80's. The hotel is in a great location but having stayed thier twice now the &quot;benefit of doubt&quot; I gave my second stay was not warranted.....it just is not a nice place to stay at the price you pay.	
Jan 5 2007 	Getting better...	Have stayed here 3 times. The previous stay was a nightmare. Was upgraded to an executive room FOC upon check in. Decor is good (contemporary), the doors were the most notable feature for me. Room had great view of St Katherines Dock. The Tower is one of my favourite places to stay in London because I love Tower Bridge area so much. The view from the bar on the 1st floor is fantastic. Guoman hotels have done a good job renovating some of the rooms in this place. Was formally a Thistle property. If you get a room on floor 1 then you may get all the noise from the function rooms and bars below, as we did previously. The hotel caters for corporate events or at least it did whilst we were there. We complained to priceline and were given our stay for free. Didn't bother with room service this time around. Last time we ordered the food was disgusting. Can't comment on whether this has been rectified. St Katherine's Dock is worth checking out. Nice bars and restaurants just to the back of the hotel. Don't expect anything too trendy. Tube is located 200 metres away at Tower Bridge. It's difficult not to be impressed at the buzzy tourist you get from walking around this area. If you want to check out the West End you're 10 minutes away via tube, there's no direct service so you'll need to change lines. The concierge will able to advise you. The south bank is one of the best areas to check out. You can walk right from the hotel over the bridge - follow the thames to Westminister - up to Picadilly circus - then on to Leicester Square. It's a good walk and you get to see most of the key sites London has to offer. Pleanty of places to stop off and have a snack on the way. P.S. I got this hotel on Priceline for £60. Couldn't ask for a better deal considering the price we paid. I wouldn't pay over the odds for this place.	
Jan 3 2007	Average hotel - avoid if you can get a better rate elsewhere	Stayed one night in Nov 2006.Paid 250 GBP ... the hotel simply was not worth that rate.No mini-bar - there is a bizarre sign that says if you want it filled to call downstairs. That seemed odd to me.Internet access was poor and expensive. (15 pounds if I recall correctly) The internet access fee was not disclosed on the internet website - I think that is misleading. The hotel refunded my money when I complained - so good for them...The hotel seemed dated. My room was equally dated. Clean but dated.Although, I have to admit, the view of Tower Bridge was impressive.	
Jan 2 2007 	The executive rooms are better	We stayed overnight at the Guoman. It has obviously been refurbished and the reception and bar areas are in keeping with the aim of the hotel to be more exclusive. We stayed on one of the executive floors. Speaking to friends staying in the hotel at the same time, it was worth the extra money (it was only a little extra) as the room was modern. Although I requested a view I didn't get one, so I would ring and confirm if you are a tourist and this really matters. The view we had was of the docks, which is in fact fairly pleasant.The room and bathroom were modern. The bathroom also had Molton Brown toiletries. We got free breakfast in bed, which was mediocre.The most annoying thing was getting a completely unrequested wake up call at 5am, when I was trying to catch up on some much needed sleep.If you are staying in the hotel, I can say that the executive rooms are modern and well decorated, and in the respect I would be happy to stay here again. The location is also excellent.	
Dec 27 2006 	A good hotel at reasonable price	A good place to stay overall, I was quite impressed! You do have a great view of London and esepcially of Tower Bridge at night which is great. I would avoid eating at the hotel for two reasons. First it's very expensive. Second there are so many choices in and around the area that I'd recommed going out so you can see more of the local area!For this part of London, this is a good value hotel and one I would definitely recommend. Just bear in mind that this place is not cheap!	
Dec 22 2006 	Great Location with world class view but a tired hotel	This is a uniquely located hotel. It allows travellers to stay in the shadow of one of the most easily recognisable landmarks of the modern age - Tower Bridge in London. Furthermore, within a stone's throw is one London's Royal Palaces and one of the most historic buildings in the world, Her Majesty's Tower of London.For a casual visitor to London, this hotel has much to offer as a result of its location. When one factors in the ability to get a river bus from the hotel to many of the other riverside attractions, and the excellent selection of cuisine that is immediately available in St Catherine's Dock the attraction of this hotel becomes very apparent. A 5 minute walk to a Circle and District line tube station is the icing on the cake as far as location. During my most recent stay, the private motor yacht (or small cruise liner!) of tennis star Bjorn Borg was moored 50 metres from the hotel in St Catherine's. If that is not a statement about the ideal location of the hotel, then nothing is.If you are reading this and wondering why I have only given the Hotel a 3 rating, you will probably enjoy yourself in the hotel. If you are the kind of person who always finds fault with service and hotels wherever you go, then the following is the list of some criticisms that you will reel out during your stay.The rooms are very hot. There's nothing more to say. I have stayed in the hotel at various stages during the year and they are always the same.The hotel looks shabby from the outside, this is no architectural marvel to match the Savoy. The interior looks like a 1960's building that has been re-furbished by sticking big slabs of marble all over the place. When you stand on Tower Bridge and look at the hotel you will just cringe at how ghastly the hotel looks.Now for the mitigation that allows me to forgive these problems:The location!The staff are attentive and very friendly. It is always a mark of a well run hotel that as soon as a queue forms at check in, more front of house staff appear to address the problem. At the Tower, I have often seen the Front of House manager fussing over clients that are standing waiting.The location!The price is right. In comparison with any other hotel that I have stayed in, in such a good location, the Tower is a steal if you pre-book.The location!The view from the bar at night is absolutely priceless, quite literally as if you have a life size version of Tower Bridge lit up in front of you.... oh hang on a minute, you do. Just as a tip, get in to the bar early for drinks and look for the window seats. There are a few tucked around the corner at the far end of the bar that sometimes get overlooked.Overall, the hotel is flawed, it certainly doesn't have the charm of the better hotels in this class. Despite having had a recent refurbishment it is tired. The rooms are hot, but are otherwise comfortable if somewhat small. However, the staff and the location are first rate. I go back because I like it and it is reasonably priced, but cannot give this hotel more than a rating of 3 because the standard of the hotel itself is not as good as others in its class that are within striking distance.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great for a short stay	This hotel was booked last minute and at good rate. The reason for choosing this particular hotel is that it is easy to access by car if you are travelling from North London (we came down from Norfolk) and it's just outside the congestion zone. The parking was expensive at £14 per 24 hour period, but as 'One Railway' wanted £90 for a return ticket for 3 people (2adults and 1 five year old) from Norfolk, this was the most economical option!!The hotel is nothing to look at from the outside, but I was pleasantly surprised by the nicely decorated and spacious lobby and public areas within the hotel, particularly THE GALLERY where you can sit in peace and have a drink or snack (albeit overpriced). The staff were all very friendly and helpful and breakfast was perfectly adequate and tasty, although I would have preferred a larger selection of fresh fruit and perhaps a bit more variety in general.We found the prices of drink and food within the hotel overpriced and would not choose to take our evening meal here again because of this. There is a Waitrose around the corner, so for longer stays, I would definitely recommend a trip here for those on a budget!Our room was spacious for 3 of us, perhaps a little shabby, but I found it clean, cosy and comfortable. My daughter loved her sofa bed, but this would be way too uncomfortable for an adult. I loved the location which was easily accessible to the Tower Bridge underground station. There is a lovely walk just outside the hotel, under the bridge and along the river in front of the Tower of London. This time of year, it is very pretty with lots of Christmas trees, pretty lights and even an ice-skating rink.We would return again and recommend to others who wanted a short stay, in a convenient location - but at the right price!	
Dec 11 2006	Decent Hotel with Great View at Reasonable Price	I stayed at this hotel December 1-December 4, 2006. Overall, the hotel met our needs. We booked at about 105 pounds a night and for that price we had a somewhat dated room - albeit very clean (and we're picky about cleanliness)- with a nice bathroom, an amazing view of the Tower Bridge (the bridge you typically think of when you think of London) and a good breakfast. Although the hotel is not near some of the main attractions, it's right next to the bridge and to the Tower of London (which were important attactions for me). It's near a tube station that is on a great line to hop on in order to travel to other attractions (without having to transfer). The included breakfast provided eggs, cheese, bacon, pastries and rolls, cereal, fresh juice, etc. I cannot remember all of the meats because I'm a vegetarian. The food quality was good. No complaints. I wouldn't pay top dollar for this hotel. Although the lobby and restaurants are all very nice and very modern, some of the rooms are dated so they just don't warrant top dollar. However, it's a clean and safe place to stay with amazing views of the Tower Bridge (you can get amazing photographs of the bridge at sunrise, day time, sunset and at night). I'd recommend this place if you can get a good deal. Without the views, I'd give this hotel a rating of 3 but the views of the bridge bump the score to a 4.Background for context: I usually stay at places like Westin, W, and Marriotts. Would compare this hotel to a Marriott Courtyard (with dated rooms but nice lobby and restaurants).	
Dec 11 2006 	Overpriced !!!!	The check in was very slow, when we eventually got to check in, we were told we had booked a twin room, even though this was not specified on our confirmation. We were then told it would cost £30 more for a double, having already paid £100 was not very happy to say the least. We were told it was an Executive room with a good view. The lifts were even slower than the check in staff ,but when we eventually got to our room we were pleased with the view. The room was quite small and nothing to ride home about and the mini bar was empty. Breakfast the next day was very nice but all in all, overpriced hotel !!!	
Dec 9 2006 	Avoid the breakfast at all costs	Stayed at the Tower on the weekend of 2nd December 2006. We stayed in two different rooms, the first being quite modern and well appointed. The second was very tired but had a great view of Tower Bridge. For the most part the hotel was great, but when it came to breakfast it was truly horrid. We paid £18 each for the most limp and lifeless excuse for food I have come across in a hotel. We had been told by other guests that the English breakfast was not good, but we gave it the benefit of the doubt - bad move. The food itself was rubbery, tasteless and looked and felt like it had all been done in a microwave from some packet mix. The final straw was that for £18, the coffee came in a freeze dried sachet which we had to make ourselves. If I had paid £5 for this, then maybe I wouldn't complain, but for that kind of money it's inexcuseable.Suffice to say we won't be going back.	
Dec 5 2006 	Not value for money	i travel often on business to London, and this is my second stay at this hotel. The first time, which was about 4 months ago, I got a room where the faucets were rusted and the handlebar on the bathtub was almost coming off the hinges. I complained to front-desk when I was checking out, they didnt even write it down or ask me for details.This time again, it's been a disappointment. They charged me £260 a night, while the previous occupant of the room paid £125 (I saw the charge note left behind in the room. Shoddy housekeeping) I agree my company booked the room last minute, but is this sort of premium par for the course? For this sort of rundown place? The bathroom floor has broken tiles, and cracks. And whats worse, one of the tiles has come loose and I can see the concrete underneath. Wish I had a camera.Just a little while ago, the corridor alarm went off. I called reception, concierge, housekeeping, operator - every button I could think of, but no one even picked up the phone! I come to Canary Wharf often on work, and honestly, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 4 2006	OK if you want to be outside the centre of london	I have just returned from the guoman tower hotel after a weekend break 1st - 3rd December.After reading the reviews I was a little concerned but as I had only paid £109 for the weekend each on a coach tour I thought go for it. My initial thought was that it wasn't as bad as expected although we didn't have to go to the reception to check in as the coach driver had aranged it all for us and gave us our room keys on the bus.One couple who checked in later themselves though did comment that the staff were very rude to them and very unhelpful.As I was out of the hotel most of the weekend I did not encounter it myself because i didn't need to go to reception. The rooms were a better standard of decor than I expected; but the beds were very hard.We had an excellent view of tower bridge from our room which was great and it is only a short walk from the tower of london which is next door. You can walk along the river bank in the day which is good but not after 8pm ish as they close the gates in the tower. I only ate breakfast at the hotel which was OK not really the 4* standard you would usually expect. Breakfast had all the basics i.e bacon and egg but no porridge,pancakes, nice pastries or yoghurt ectIt was impossible even if we had wanted to eat there in the evening because there were too many christmas parties going on ;but to be honest I wouldn't have bothered anyway because breakfast wasn't that good.We did have a note put under our door saying that breakfast gets really busy from 8.45 am so they would recommend us pay an extra £10 to have it in our room.As we are always up before that time we didn't bother as breakfast was included in our room rate.The drinks were also quite expensive, the liberty bounds opposite the tower is the best for cheaper food and drink as it is a wetherspoons pub.The taxi cost us only £3 which was worth it as there was 4 of us and it was raining, it only took us 10 mins to walk back though.St Katherines dock is great at the hotel and has a nice starbucks for coffee. We ate at the Indian Restaurant in St Katherines dock which wasn't that good and as it was practically empty on a Saturday night should have told us that if we had thought. They have got a few other palces to eat though in the dock area which is litterally just across the swing bridge by reception.Considering what we paid for our trip it was good value but I would not pay full price through the hotel as there are far better hotels around.I was glad however that we were not in the centre of Piccadilly staying; as Regent street and oxford street were far too busy to even move or get in the shops it was nice to escape it all and have the good and quieter location of the tower hotel to return to.The hotel does cater mainly for coach tours and conferences so if you are an independant traveller I dont really feel you would get individual attention at the Tower.	
Dec 1 2006 	good hotel	Got the best rate on skoosh.com, after trying several other internet sites. Our room was on 4th floor - one of the &quot;old&quot; rooms, not refurbished yet. It had a King size bed and a view of the &quot;back bay&quot; looking at the nearby pub (Dickens Inn). Room was always Hot and front desk said that Engineering would look at problem, but didn't seem fixed. Otherwise, room was comfortable and fairly quiet. Full English breakfast was included in price and they delivered it to the room each morning at no extra charge! Hotel is right next to London Tower, but a bit farther from other tourist attractions. The tube stop nearby was also shut down the weekend we were there, which made us take bus's and cab's to get to the other sites.	
Nov 12 2006 	Poor service security and value for maney	Stayed here as part of a company conference - we booked over 80 rooms and conference facilities, gala dinner etc. As a major shareholder in our comapny, I expected some service for the huge amount of money spent.. Not a bit of it....this hotel's management just do not care.Some examples:1) My wife and I were given a key that did not work, and when it was replaced, we found the room had already been occupied by someone;2) After that episode we were given &quot;our proper&quot; room. When we got there, it was occupied by someone.3) What does this say about hotel security?4) We were &quot;upgaded&quot; from our suite to a broom cupboard with no view. Don't be fooled - the hotel is in a great location but we estimate tehre are only a few rooms with a view5) The fridge did not work, nor did the air conditioning. The room was overheated6) As a result of th checking in fiasco I was 45 minutes late for my company's event, and missed the entire reception7)When it came to complaints, the duty manager was always &quot;unavailable&quot;8)Despite extreme precision on the part of our organiser, they were unable to get special diet meals to those of our 200-strong party who had special requiremetns. 9) During the check-in fiasco (everything they say about not enough check-ins and hopeless staff is true, and long queues are the norm), my wife and I had to carry our own luggage up and down 3 times, with not a single offer of help10) The cash bar at our event charged £8 for a pint of lager and £11 fot 2 orange juices and two small glasses of house red.11) we were first for breakfast (see other reviews about queues here), and despite being outnumbered by about 10 to 1 by staff, it took 10 minutes to get any coffee or tea. The food is of Little Chef standard, without the freshness. IT's a buffet with small plates (yes, that old trick!)12) Don't bother booking a space in their small car park. If you arrive and there's no space, tough! It's first come first serve, and none of the staff could care less13) The rooms are tiny, even by London hotel standards. This is exacerbated by very low ceilings. Not for anyone with claustrophobia or tall folks14) There are not enough lifts (see other reviews)15 When I complained to one receptionist abouut the probelms with room check in, I was told it was my company's fault. This is classic behaviour of staff who have no customer service training. As it happens, our travel agent was with us, and was able to confront this before it got out of hand.This is a hotel with a rack rate of £260 a night for a standard room, mind you. It's a disaster, truly a disaster. I had hoped that after the Guoman take-over from Thistle, things would improve (under Thistle, it was a real shocker). It hasn't....	
Oct 31 2006 	A standard hotel nothing special nothing horrible	Stayed there for one night on a business trip, this is a reasonable hotel, nothing out of the ordinary, I paid £150-ish for the room, in which the furnishings were fine,and net access was direct on the desk (to address a couple of complaints recently made) though expensive at £15/day. No wifi that I could find.Upsides, good view of St Katherines Dock from my room, and Tower Bridge from the (expensive) bar (£10 for two drinks), downsides low shower pressure.Customers here seemed to be (I guess) 70/30 business and tourists. Queues werent too bad (I was expecting worse from the other reviews) ,a lot of people manning the desks for checkin and checkout.Didn't eat there in the morning, everyone knows that hotel buffets are *always* v expensive, as others have said plenty of cheaper options elsewhere.There is a water taxi stop nearby, good for doing the tourist thing. I stayed there because it was close to where I needed to be, but apart from the Tower of london and the Bridge, IMHO its a little bit far out for the other tourist stuff, even though it is only a short ride away on the tube. My advice would be, stay here if you dont mind a little extra travelling, or you get a good rate (as others have said they were offering room upgrades, I didnt take one and didnt regret that as the room was fine,and I was only there to sleep in it anyway, not hold a party :-)	
Oct 31 2006	Nearly a Great Hotel	I am a group organiser and just taken a group of 57 people to this hotel for a weekend.The good points:1 Great location with good views for most rooms2 Friendly and efficient concierge and staff3 The 3 rooms I saw were all well equipped and spotlessly clean4 Great value for what we paidThe OK points1 Breakfast was adequate rather than exceptional2 Reception (which comes in for a lot of stick in other reviews) was reasonably efficient and all staff spoke adequate EnglishThe bad points1 One couple were given a room which was already occupied2 Reservations were unable to grasp that a families of 2 adults and kids required rooms on the same floors! Reception, however was eventually able to sort this out	
Oct 23 2006 	Poor introduction to London's hotels!	A colleague booked this accommodation for a business event I was attending. This was my first trip to London and my first experience of London hotels and their service... and it wasn't a good one!Firstly, the positives... the hotel is in a great location, right next to Tower Bridge, and the restaurant, public areas and bedrooms have fab views of the bridge, River Thames and the surrounding docklands. The Tower of London itself is only a stone's throw away and the nearest tube station is about 5 mins walk. I loved the view out of my bedroom window - a small quay surrounded by trendy bars, with Canary Warf in the distance and some swans nesting on a barge in the middle of the dock. Very nice! However, check in was awkward and laborious. I had to queue for ages to check in, which was the last thing I needed after a long day's travelling. Reception seemed busy, so a wait was understandable. However, when I got to the desk I realised why I'd had to wait so long. The staff all appeared to be foreign and I found it very difficult to understand anything they said. Although their english was good enough, their thick accents made it very difficult to follow what they were saying. Similarly, they found it very difficult to understand me however slowly I spoke or tried to spell things out. The people in the queues beside me were all having similar problems! It was very frustrating, but this is not the fault of the staff, it is a training/HR issue which the management should consider when taking on employees who don't have english as a first language.My room, with the exception of the view, was very disappointing. Dated floral wallpaper and accessories, cheap mahogany effect furniture and a dirty bathroom did not impress me. The bed was uncomfortable and the linen stained. We were woken 3 times during the night by the hotel fire alarm. The first time everyone went outside, to find that there were no staff offering advice or direction, in fact there were no staff at all... just a few bewildered hotel guest huddling on the banks of the Thames! Eventually we all decided to head back inside, but were disturbed twice more by the fire alrm. No one bothered to evacuate either time. In the morning, there was no explanation or apology from staff. At breakfast, there was a memeber of staff seating everybody as they entered the restaurant, but no one really bothered to restock the buffet when it began to run low. I had a very quick look round the small hotel shop. Staff were very friendly - thumbs up to them! - but the shop only really stocked overpriced gifts.	
Oct 19 2006 	An OK Stay	Given some of the reviews I was not expecting much from this hotel, but since I was only staying one night as I had to be in the City early the next morning I was not too concerned.As it turned out, my stay was far better than expected.Firstly, I got the Tube to Tower Hill. As a previous reviewer noted, the most direct route through St Katherines Dock is not immediately obvious and I got there more through luck than judgement !As a tip, (if you don't mind a slightly longer walk), when you go through the underpass and are facing the Tower of London, turn right and walk around the Tower down to the Thames walkway, turn left and go along under Tower Bridge. you'll get to see the Tower, the bridge and the river and it will bring you right through the hotel's car park to reception.I feared the worst checking in, however maybe I was just lucky or maybe they have addressed the issue of queues. There were at least 6 or 7 staff checking in there was no-one queueing. I had no sooner stood at the front of the desk, than a lady appeared and asked my name. She went off to a desk nearby and returned in less than a minute with my key and directed me to the lifts. No attempts to upsell, no endless tapping at a keyboard or blank looks at the monitor, just fast, efficient service.Next the lifts, they all appeared to be working and there were again no queues, so no problem there. Although I was only on the first floor and had asked about the stairs, but was told it was easier to get the lift(?).The room itself was fine, good size, plenty storage, clean bathroom, not exactly cutting edge decor but you can't expect them to redecorate everytime a new shade of beige comes into fashion !I was on the opposite side from the river so didn't get the great views of the Bridge, but the room overlooked the Marina and St Katherines Quay which was pleasant enough. Was woken by the sounds of ducks and swans in the morning ! Which is not exactly typical of central London.The only (very minor) thing wrong was the battery in the remote for the TV didn't work.On the advice of other reviewers I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, although they looked ok (looks can be deceiving though!). I got good directions from the helpful concierge desk and went across the river to Butlers Wharf for dinner which was very nice.I'd got up in good time (thanks to the ducks !), so was geared up for a long wait to check out. But again, the desk was fully staffed and I was out in less than 5 minutes. Being on the 1st floor however, the first lift coming down was full, so it would have been easier getting the stairs, but since they are not signposted anywhere, had to wait on the next one. Didn't take that long though.All in a all, I had no problems with this hotel and would stay there again. Maybe I was just lucky, but to give them the benefit of the doubt perhaps they have listened to some of the issues people have had and taken action. If so, credit to them.	
Oct 18 2006 	Very poor	Our input on staying at the Tower Hotel is that it was a thoroughly disappointing hotel with very poor service and even poorer standards. Fire alarms went off continually into the night and 30 mins after the last alarm the TV's burst into life to apologise. The upgrade we had paid for to achieve a decent room and a river view was a gimmick, if we craned our neck around the obstructing concrete wall we could just see the river. We ended up paying over £200 for a suite for one night to achieve a half decent stay. The pillows were abysmal, the suite had cutlery - even saucepans - and yet no means of making a cup of coffee. The decor was very tired and shabby. The bistro downstairs served up a chicken tortilla containing an abundance of aged, brown salad and 5 MacDonald's style chicken nuggets. My husbands ciabatta closely resembled a soggy bath sponge. All in all a disappointing waste of money, we had expected better from a 4* hotel with a renowned name in the industry. Not to be recommended unless your only alternative is a park bench!	
Oct 16 2006 	Shockingly poor!!!!!	The tower is situated in a pleasant area with a fantastic view of Tower Bridge. However thats as good as it gets. The staff are annoying and take an eternity to get you checked in. Furthermore they question you all the time whether your staying at the hotel, as they presume youve lost your way and just wandered in off the street. The staffs english is wanting too as ive communicated better with the french and thats saying something. Now to the breakfast. Its the most awful ive experienced and ive travelled quite alot. Its just preheated microwave garbage. And the fact they charge you £20 per person is quite astonishing. Ive seen some cons in my life but none as good as this. My pot bellied pig wouldnt even eat their breakfast. Lastly but not least they like to overcharge you thus giving you the headache of trying to claim a refund which is quite tough as the english spoken by some of the staff is terrible. Verdict: For a 4 star hotel in london, the price you pay is not worth it as ive stayed at better 2 star hotels for a third of the cost.	
Oct 11 2006	Solid choice in London	I stay here as a second option to the Thistle Marble Arch, and this hotel is good as well. Great location to the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge, but because when I visited the tube stop nearest it was closed, it is a bit of a hike and journey to other parts of the city. I arrived very early for checking (at about 730am) and they were happy to accommodate me. Similar to other Thistle properties they offer space available room upgrades for between $25 and $100 extra, but I have never used them. Rooms are clean, if a little bit worn around the edges.	
Oct 11 2006	Fantastic Service views and room	Myself and my partner stayed here for 2 nights the weekend of October 7th , 8th. We were dreading the stay after reading reviews! The booking in staff were fantastic, even tho they struggled with our Welsh accents. We had room 569 the view was awesome, we were practically on Tower Bridge! Bed was huge, decor clean and tasteful, everything worked, loved the huge fluffy towels and the fluffy bathrobes. Staff in corridors were always friendly and the room maid only ever knocked our door once and came back later....shower was hot at all times bathroom products were ace! Cant wait to go back...we had an excellent rate for the weekend and paid less than we do at an Ibis or Travel Lodge...shop around! I'd reccomend the hotel to anyone...particular;y room 569!rugbyboyz@hotmail.comBreakfast is awesome!!!	
Oct 3 2006 	good and not so good	Stayed for 2 nights with my wife during my birthday weekend.Booked a standard double room to find we had a twin room. Hotel unable to change or upgrade as full.Room quite spacious with good view of Tower but in need of refurbishment as furniture and soft furnishings probably date from when hotel was opened in 70's.It is a good location and only 5 mins from tube circle and dustrict lines. Most rooms will have view of Tower, Tower Bridge or St Katharines dock.Hotel staff were very helpful and check in and check out were excellent. We were on room only basis and it is much cheaper to get breakfast at one of several cafes in the adjacent dock area. There is a Costa Coffee bar in lobby, another choice for breakfast.Across the River a good choice of restaurants at Butlers Wharf, only 5 mins walk.Lobby area is quite nice but some parts of hotel are a liitle worn and tired looking and need updating.All in all good value for what we paid.	
Sep 25 2006 	good view rubbish hotel	We stayed here for our anniversary for 4 nights this month (september 2006) and i found from the moment you enter the hotel you have to queue to check in for at least half an hour!!! considering they have about ten check in desk you would expect them to have at least half of them used instead we had 3 people behind the desk and one of them not even checkin people in. eventually we got served and we was eventually givin our room key as soon as i eneter i knew it wasnt the room i requested, it may seem stuck up but because it was our anniversary i wanted everything to be perfect, i request and payed the extra £230 a night of having a room on the delux suite and a tower bridge view, so for this price you can under stand how disappointed i was when all we got was the standard room and a view over lookin the east end of london not the most attractive of views. i went back down stairs queued again!! to see a member of staff we was relocated two doors down from where we was before!! by now i'm startin to loose my patients with the staff this time i spoke to the manager and he managed to sort out the staff and got us put in the correct room. much better now although the room is very dated and could do with updating but the view was magnificent. The next morning we woke up and found that the electrics werent workin so i rung reception and was told that the substation next door had difficulties but only our corridor was effected and the lifts. We had a shower in the dark! and my wife was just finishing off washin her hair when the cold water stopped workin and resulted in her burning her skin!! i rung up reception and was told that it was the electricity that had done it!!! which is funny because i thought it would have effected the hot water!! didnt sem to add up to me. i had to then PAY for water so that my wife could get the soap out of her hair which i thought was absolutely disgusting!! we eventually went down for breakfast and found that a hugh line of people where queuin up for breakfast (what is it with this nation and queuing!!!) i also noticed in my 45minutes of standing that the room could only hold maximum of hundred people when this hotel has over 800 people i thought this was appauling, as u enter your greeted by this rude and rash middle-eastern waitress she sat us to the table and i didnt bother sitting down because i was soo hungry i went straight to the buffet i couldnt believe what was on display the sausages looked half cooked and really really cheap lookin bacon was stone cold tomatoes werent much better i took it back to my table and my wife ordered a coffee which never appeared and we left after 5 mins, for 17 pounds a head this restaurant makes me sick. We went straight to the manager and complained. i think this hotel is absolutely appauling we left after the breakfast and got a cab to a much better hotel, and there is an abundance in london. I'M ADVISING YOU NOW DO NOT VISIT THIS HOTEL WITH A BARGE POLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BE WARNED!	
Sep 23 2006	Great hotel if the rate is right!	The many negative reviews are a sign that people overpaid for this hotel. Much of the clientele at the hotel seemed very swanky and the kind of upper class that it very critical of service. Rather than pay the premium rates, I got this hotel through Priceline for about $100 plus taxes. I was a bit apprehensive after seeing these reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. Checkin was a long process since the hotel seemed understaffed, but they didn't try to get extra money from me with an upgrade offer. I just politely asked for a room with a decent view and they definitely delivered. I got a great, clean room, with a wonderful view out the window of the Tower Bridge. The concierge was always helpful and friendly, even when they seemed to be trying to accommodate several people at once. I knew everything at the hotel was overpriced, so I didn't bother with the restaurants or breakfast there. The dock area right outside the hotel had plenty of wonderful and delicious dining options for a lot less money and even stayed open late at night. The hotel does show it's wear and tear, but a terrific deal through Priceline.	
Sep 21 2006 	Check your room class	I tried to find a decent hotel in the City during the London Fashion week. After rejecting another one based on Tripadvisor review I ended in the Tower. The room price was 200 GBP + VAT so one would expect to get an OK room even in London.How wrong I was. The hotel in general was nice and there was very nice service in the reception: juice was offered to those who were waiting in the queue. The dinner in the brasserie was OK. But when I was offered a 35 GBP upgrade I should have got the warning sign. My room was on the 5th floor and probably last renovation took place early 80s or so. Worn out, old bad floor! Based on the sneak peak through the lift door other floors are quite new. Moreover, in my room I had to crawl under the table to get the Internet working and the maid was knocking the door 8 am for housekeeping.Definitely not worth the money.	
Sep 16 2006 	Well its got a nice view	How does this place rate as a hotel for the business traveler?Well, its got a nice view.How does this place rate for overall friendly, competent, and professional staff?Well, its got a nice view.How does this place deliver on what a upper tier hotel should, given the high cost of doing business in London?Well, its got a nice view.Stayed here one night in mid-September. Of the seven people in our party, all three who tried could not connect to the room internet. The internet was very expensive - but would be written off as the cost of doing business in London IF anyone could get the thing to work! For over $400 (&gt;400 Euros) a night, got a room with two twin beds. Twin beds are not uncommon, even in this tier of hotel. But, were the beds comfortable, with mattresses that didn't sag in the middle? Well, the room had a nice view.Had only one dinner at the restaurant. They managed to get two our of five orders wrong, and over-cooked the meat for two of the other three. Meals in London business hotels are expensive, but if one is paying so much money, there should be a high level of quality and service so as to compete other similar hotels. How did this place rate?Well, the restaurant had a nice view.When we left the restaurant around 11pm, I needed to ask the desk for an iron and ironing board. (I was told each room had one, but at least three in our group did not have one in their room.) I waited behind four people waiting to check in with the lone desk attendant. They were grumbling loudly about having to wait over 20 minutes to check in. Sure: all hotels get busy at weird times when they're under-staffed. However, two or three other (non-registration desk) staff witnessed the situation and did nothing to remedy the situation. So, in general, how did the hotel do at customer service?Well, the registration area really didn't have any views.Rented a conference room and LCD projector. It was over $400 just to rent a projector for 4 hours. This is likely comparable to other places - but then they shouldn't deliver the project 30 minutes late. A catered lunch was $180 dollars - and though likely similar in cost to other places, it fell short on quality and quantity. The hotel provided sandwiches with 1-2 piece of roast beef each, and didn't even supply one entire sandwich for each person! Even water was extra.How did this business meeting experience compare with places like The Four Seasons, where the conference room is free if you stay there?Well, the conference rooms are on the 12th floor and have a nice view.I've traveled to enough expensive hotels in expensive cities to know that any place can have a bad day or a bad situation. However, this hotel constantly failed to deliver what one expects - or should expect - at this level of accomodation. Given how many other hotels there are in this price and amenity bracket, I cannot see how I wouldn't try someplace else instead.Even if that other place didn't have such nice views.	
Sep 14 2006 	Disaster of a hotel	I have just had 6 nights at the Tower and found it to be terrible. On check in they try to upgrade you to a superior room and when you say no they tell you that there aren't any standard rooms available! The rooms are tatty and musty, the windows have paint peeling from them and the furniture is all old and scruffy.The staff are generally unhelpful and sometimes rude - the only exception being the concierge desk. I had no internet connection for three of the six days and just lots of shoulder shrugging when you trie to get something done. I only ate brekfast there and found it to be the cheapest of everything.This hotel is being run on a shoestring and is relying on its position to get guests. At an average rate of £145 a night for my stay it's just plain unacceptable. When I checked out the receptionist looked surprised at my complaints. Judging by the number of people I saw complaining and the experience of my colleages and I she should be used to it. Avoid this hotel.	
Sep 11 2006 	Beware of the 5th Floor!	My mum and I stayed in this hotel for a mid week break and got the deal through the Daily Mail newspaper where they had an offer for £89 per room per night. The hotel was in a fantastic location with fantastic views from all angles whether you were facing the Tower, The Tower Bridge, or St Katherines Dock. The tube is 5mins walk away as is 2 tour bus stops (the Original tour was good value). There was plenty of amenities near by from bars, restaurants, cafes and take aways such as Subway where we found you can purchase lunch at a reasonable price. Beware of the &quot;on the Docks&quot; bar at St Kath's as it was over priced and the food tasted very manufactured. The reception is modern and looks good, and check in was fine however when we arrived at our room on the 5th floor we were disgusted! All the doors and walls along the corridor we battered and scuffed. The room was dark and smelled smokey and musty even though it was a non smoking floor. There was no way we would have stayed in there so went back to reception to ask for the price to upgrade. Reception was busy so a helpful member at guest services was on hand to assist. He said it was £35 per night but took pity on us and offered to upgrade us F.O.C to a room with a fantastic view of the Tower Bridge. Our new room on the 9th floor was more of what we expected! Cozy, decent sized and more importantly no dodgy decor or smell! One thing that made us curious was that when the lift stopped at all the floors there was only floor 5 that had the decrepped look and the others looked very similar to the one that we had been moved to. Is the 5th floor the only one that is not refurbished to a modern acceptable standard? Breakfast was fine. Enough choice and was not busy as some described at 8.30-9am. We were aware that the deal had certain conditions such as cancellations made within 2 days of check in would occur charges and the charge would be equivalent to one nights stay. We had booked 2 rooms as someone else should have been coming too but they had to cancel on the day of check in. We enquired at reception about cancelling the room and the receptionist said that no charges would be made for cancelling, which was very pleasing. It could have gone very wrong if we were not upgraded but all in all the stay was fine. We will be planning on staying again.	
Sep 10 2006 	Another Great British Rip Off	I only use this hotel for business but it's terribly overpriced. Depending on who you book through you can be quoted £70 - £140 for a single room. It proves it's a rip off when you get there and then get offered a free upgrade. However the upgraded rooms I have always been offered have always left me wondering what a basic room is like ! The lighting in all rooms is extremely dark and drab because they insist on using power saving lamps and every room I have ever stayed in has a least one lamp broken, even the interior wardrobelights. The decor is also pretty old fashioned now. - somewhat 70'ish The worst thing is the price of drinks, even house wine is way too expensive. There is no doubt that because of their location they think they can charge a fortune and get away with inferior overpriced facilities.Just a Great British Rip-Off.	
Sep 10 2006 	Getting Better	I have stayed at the Guoman Tower as it's now known, many times over the years and each time it seemed to get steadily worse. The recent reviews did little to ally my fears when my firm could only get me in the Tower last week for 3 nights.My apprehension grew when I checked in as the chap next to me was having an almighty row about not being upgraded. From what I could make out it was his fault anyway and I was impressed how the receptionist dealt with him.However, I got to my room and was pleasantly surprised. I had been upgraded to a superior double and had a great view of Tower Bridge. The TV worked, the bed was comfy and the bathroom was immaculate - I couldn't ask for anything more and thoroughly enjoyed my stay this time. The staff were much more friendly and helpful than previous visits and the bar has been smartened up, although it could do with some windows open, especially how hot it was in London last week.Other snags - the lifts, only ever seemed to be two out of the four lifts working at any one time and one morning it took 30 minutes to get downstairs.The location - great for tourists but as it's right on the extreme eastern edge of the City, no good for me as most of my meetings were up by St. Paul's, although that's not so important.Have to say, well done for trying harder and keep the hard work up and who knows, the Tower might become a great hotel again.	
Aug 31 2006 	very surprised	We stayed at this hotel for one night only as part of a trip organised by our local newspaper. After reading some of the most recent reviews I was very worried about staying there. I didn't tell my husband until we had set off from home, but we were very pleasantly surprised. The lifts are a problem when, as happened on our arrival, two coach parties arrived at the same time. The only other small gripe was the key card, which didn't work first time, but that has happened in many other hotels we have stayed in. The location was superb and we were able to walk across Tower Bridge in the evening to the many restaurants down on the wharf opposite. All in all we had a very pleasant stay and have paid much more and been looked after far worse.	
Aug 23 2006 	horrible	We had a very very disappointing stay at the Tower.On booking into our room, there was a room service trolly directly opposite the door full of old food - despite going down to reception to ask for it to be moved, it took 7 hours before the plates of food were removed. Dirty cups, and the trolly, remained for the weekend we stayed there!!!The room was a good size but the decor and furnishings were old and shabby. The windows were filthy. The mini-bar was not stocked.The bathroom was also shabby with a huge crack in the sink. There was hair in the plughole and a pair of knickers (not belonging to either of us!!) hanging from the shower rail.We went to the bar on one evening and it took ages to get served, the bar was smoky and badly ventilated and the windows were grubby.A really disappointing stay at a supposedly high quality hotel - not an experience we wish to repeat!!!	
Aug 16 2006	Needs to improve its service and facilities	My wife &amp; I (seasoned travellers) recently stayed one night at the Thistle Tower (now a Guoman) hotel. Our room a standard twin on the 9th floor had a pleasant view overlooking St Katherine’s Dock and the City. Although not one of the newer refurbished rooms ours was clean and perfectly acceptable - reasonable London value so long as you get a discount rate. Guoman’s web site portrays this hotel as “one of their luxury hotels with sumptuous dinning facilities and an unwavering commitment to service”.Prior to our visit I tried to e-mail the hotel to ask a question, all attempts were ignored, so I had to phone, twice to get an answer – not a good start!Whilst the hotel is in a great location right next to the Thames and the Tower Bridge, I regret to say it is not really 4* quality, particularly when it comes to serviceand over-stretched facilites. The problem we felt stemmed from the fact that it was very full at the time, no doubt as result of their apparent policy to take in coach loads of visitors. Staff were friendly enough and tried to be helpful, but they and the hotels facilities were unable to properly cope with so many guests.As others have remarked, the lifts at times were extremely busy, and difficult to get on. If you go down for breakfast between 7-30 and 8.30am be prepared to queue for a table, even then you may be disappointed by the limited choice and quality, should you choose the Continental breakfast. The cooked breakfast looked a little better.The evening before we dined in the Carvery, this again was very crowded. Here too we felt the quality of food for £19.95 pp was not good value for money. Drinks in both the restaurant and bar were quite expensive, but I suppose that’s fairly typical of most London hotels. Finally, we noted there were none of the usual Customer Satisfaction forms around to complete- perhaps they don't want to know!	
Aug 16 2006 	Need more lifts	Had a weekend stay here and thought the hotel quite good. The room was good, with safe, ironing board, iron, tea and coffee facilities and had a good view over St Katherine's Dock. The bad points were that there were horrendous queues for the lifts in the morning and the staircase was not adequately signposted. A chambermaid eventually showed us where it was and it was more like a service area than a main staircase. Breakfast was very poor value for the price charged - don't bother if your rate does not include it, there is a Starbucks outside. The selection was very poor for a 4 star hotel. The waitresses spoke little English and did not know how to smile. In the evening we walked over Tower Bridge and had an excellent and very cheap meal at the Weatherspoons pub.	
Aug 8 2006 	"Tower"-ing Inferno	We've stayed in this hotel a few times as never had any major issues with it and seem always to manage to get a good deal on the internet for it - this time directly through the hotels own website. In addition the location is fantastic.Check in was efficient. Interesting point to note we were offered an upgrade for an additional £30 which we refused only to find we were in an upgraded room anyway. Wonder if we would've got the same room if we'd paid the additional £30....Room was good and had a great view over St Katherines dock. Loads of good restaurants and a couple of bars there to sample as well as more if you head across the bridge so no need to eat in the hotel for dinner - why is hotel food always so expensive and such a disappointment?!We were up early for breakfast on Sunday as we had to leave and the room was still packed - however the abrupt woman another reviewer mentioned was there (and seems to have been there for years) sorting everyone out so we got in quickly, Breakfast is good traditional english fry up affair.This hotel does the job as far as i'm concerned .	
Aug 2 2006 	Nice Hotel - Good Value for Money	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over a weekend. We got a special deal on the net so it worked out good value for money.Good location I thought. Near to some nice bars and restaurants plus pleasant walk down the river to other attractions.Reception area looked nice when we got there. Receptionist was friendly and helpful. Ate in the Brasserie one night and food was ok. Only thing was not much choice - especially for a vegetarian (like me).Room was only thing that let it down. Comfortable enough and no complaints for the price but seemed quite pokey and small (even though we were 'upgraded' on check in!) Plus decor above ground level could do with some serious updating. It was all quite chintzy and dirty looking.Other than that would be perfectly happy to stay here again for the right price. No probs.	
Jul 28 2006 	Big disappointment	My last stay at The Tower was a very disappointing experience. I was on a business trip during July 18 -20 and had the reservation made by our Travel Manager at the rate of 300GBP/night although the company contracted rate is 125GBP/night! Well, it looks like London hotels were completely booked and the GBP 300 room was the only one left...Once I've reached the hotel on the evening of 18th July I was told that someone had sent a fax to cancel the reservation, but when I asked to see it, the person at the reception desk was not able to show me the fax in question.The fax with the reservation request and confirmation was re-sent on the date of 19th July 2006, but the next morning when I've checked-out of the hotel I was asked to pay the rate of 400 GBP + taxes/night (extra-charge) and have been told the hotel never received the confirmation fax. However I've been promised that if the hotel finally gets the confirmation fax, then the pre-agreed price of GBP 300 will be applied and I'll get reimbursed for the difference.Useless to say that despite the fax confirmation being re-sent to the hotel, my business card has been debited for the equivalent of GBP 400 per night and on the top of it the guarantee of extra GBP 800 has not been lifted yet (10 days after booking with the hotel)!Last but not least, despite the great view to the London Bridge, the room quality I've paid for was poor: there was no handsoap in the bathroom, no bathrobe, the carpet and furniture were old, the minibar was empty, hence no justification for GBP 400 a night!We - the Travel Manager and myself - sent the hotel management 2 complaints so far which are still not being addressed and replied. This is definetely a hotel which I will never ever recommend or book for myself.	
Jul 27 2006 	Bad but bearable.	My sister and I recently stayed at this hotel as part of our tour through Europe. We're from the US and knew it would be pretty bad to begin with, so we were expecting the worst. When we arrived there, it pretty much fulfilled our expectations. The best part of the hotel was the lobby - it looks very modern and clean, but it doesn't do the rest of the hotel justice. Our room was okay in size, but the beds and furniture were horrible! We could clearly see that there was a dip in both of the beds, and the furniture was so dirty and old that we didn't want to sit there at all! In our room, there were also headboards for the beds that were awfully dirty and dusty, and we even had to place the second pillow in front of it, in fear that our heads would touch it. Oh, and I have to mention that there were at least 15 dead bugs next to the window. It was disgusting! Later, I could barely even sleep in my bed because I could feel the box springs of the mattress and my back was dipping so far in. I was SO glad when we left after two nights. As for the pros of this hotel, there are only two. First off, we had a gorgeous view of the Tower Bridge, though we didn't want to go too close to the windows because of the bugs. Second, the bathroom was relatively clean, which was a nice contrast to other parts of the room. BOTTOM LINE: It's a bad hotel, but it's bearable. Even though I didn't enjoy my stay there, it's still okay for a short stay. Anything longer than a few nights and I think it'd ruin your trip. And here's a brief review of the Brasserie restaurant in the hotel's lobby. We went there for dinner on our second night because we were too tired to go out and find somewhere else to eat. The prices were okay compared to other restaurants we had been to and the food sounded okay. But we were so wrong. I ordered a dinner salad for 8 pounds, and when it came, it looked like a side salad from an American restaurant and it tasted awful too. Really, how can you mess up a salad? Well, the leaves were still a little wet and appeared somewhat old and wilted, and there was barely any dressing to cover up the bad taste. My sister ordered a steak sandwich with fries, and she said it tasted as if it had just come out of the microwave. She ordered rare steak, but it was very chewy and tough, and the fries were extremely soggy. The entire meal was quite awful and pretty expensive ($16 US for my salad &amp; around $20 for the steak sandwich). We don't know if it was because we went at 9 at night or if we went on a bad day, but if that was the normal quality of food that we received, then I don't suggest you go near this restaurant if you stay here.	
Jul 17 2006	Not Good	I don't want to come across as one of those moaning people but if you like clean contemporary hotel avoid the Tower its very dated the decor is shabbyThey did upgrade us to a deluxe room but that was again on the shabby side and the carpets where stained.we checked out within 5 minutes of checking in and stayed at the Crown plaza 5 minutes away	
Jul 9 2006	Not like it used to be	I have been staying in the Tower for years - over 15.Lots has changed over that time, and lots has stayed the same. When I turned up late - 11pm having just got out of work, the check in staff member really didnt seem interested in serving me. Not a great start.Unfortunately many of the rooms now seem to need a total overhaul - some of the Club rooms are OK, but otherwise the ones I have stayed in are tatty.The biggest area where the Tower has changed, seems to be the staff and the food. Breakfast at the beginning of June was chaos on Saturday morning and the staff member who was showing guests to their tables was a bit shocking - she was very abrupt.Quality of food is nothing like it used to be - certainly for breakfast at any rate. It would be fair to say that you get a better quality breakfast at a Little Chef.I will be trying to stay somewhere else in future.	
Jul 3 2006	Well above average	We stayed in the hotel from the 30th June until the 2nd of July. We were given an automatic upgrade to a deluxe room. We were staying there on a B &amp; B bases. As we were attending Wimbeldon the next day we had to be up at 4am. Even at this early time they provided us with a full english breakfast to our room. The service we received from all the staff was of an extremely high standard and the room was clean and had a lovely view of the Tower of London. We enjoyed our stay and we will return in the future.	
Jun 28 2006	Nicer than I expected!	I stayed here on a Friday night with my boyfriend as we were going to an event in London. I booked a standard double room at the Travel Agent rate (I work for a corporate booking agency). The room was larger than I expected and the bed looked as though it could have fitted six people! The bathroom was a bit small and the showerhead was a bit short for me (I'm 5' 11&quot;!) but the pressure was good and strong, which is an issue a lot of my clients complain about. I was pleasantly surprised with this. The decor was nice and homely and completely different to what you may be expecting by looking at the foyer when you walk in. The staff were friendly, helpful and very efficient with finding our booking. The breakfast in the morning was of a good size, not the biggest range I've seen but still a good range available and was cooked to perfection. I was pleased with the standards of this hotel as I'd heard some bad stories from client's that I have booked in here, and would definitely consider using this hotel again! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a nice 4* hotel that is reasonably priced.	
Jun 22 2006	A balanced view	I think the reviews on here are by and large unfair. When staying at this hotel you have to bear in mind that you are paying considerably less than for the west end hotels , particularly if you have booked over the internet. If you want complete luxury and wonderful service with lavish breakfasts then you have to stay elsewhere and pay considerably more. We paid £90 for a double room. There are many hotels elsewhere in the UK which charge more. This is the centre of London.The hotel is very large and the facilities cannot always sustain the number of people staying. It is however in a superb location and reasonably priced. The rooms and bathrooms are perfectly adequate for the price. We have stayed three times in differnet rooms and they have all been clean with a reasonable view. Breakfast is edible and plentiful. The staff have always been polite and helpful although hardly any of them are English and communication can be a bit laboured. That is a fact that applies to the service industry by and large in this country without exception. They do their best.I think a sense of proportion is needed. If you want perfection pay 3 times as much and stay at the Ritz. This hotel represents good value for money.	
Jun 21 2006 	Keep away!!!!!	We booked 3 rooms over the internet, £200.00 per night each, I had a room that had the potential to be fantasic 5th floor directly overlooking tower bridge, thats where the good bits end. The room was no bigger that your average cupboard, the carpet looked as if it had been laid 20years ago and only occasionally cleaned, the desk looked like it had been taken from an innercity school with the graffiti and carving to match, combine this with an air-conditioning system that heated my room on the hottest day of the year and you get the picture. When i complained i was told that was the room i had booked so tough, This place need condeming from the outside and the inside it is a typical dont care large hotel with the arrogance to charge high price for poor service and standards, TAKE MY ADVICE AND STAY AWAY	
Jun 18 2006	location location location	Ok, this hotel has had some poor reviews lately and having stayed there recently i can see some of their points. however i am european and i think that i must have a different expectation of hotels because i loved this one. i am a book first tripadvisor later kind of girl and i know you should do it the other way around but this time it worked to my advantage. if i had read the reviews first i would not have booked here. the location is stunning, you can walk to everywhere in central london (we walked home from covent garden on saturday night, it took an hour but was all along the thames path and the southbank it was safe, romantic and good for us after a late dinner).The lobby is big and has a bar, shop, reception and seperate concerige desk. All staff very helpful and plenty of blackcabs outside if you want one. it is a 5min walk to the tube, and you don't even need it if all you want to do is explore a lovely area of london as it is right on your doorstep. there is also a rivertaxi stop outside of hotel with regular daytime service to grenwich or westminster. the rooms were typical of european hotel, however they are small but not tiny two people are comfortable in them. the decor in the rooms is like something from the 70's but all very clean and tidy. the ensuite bathroom had a bath, overbath shower, sink and toilet. Not fancy but very clean and well stocked with soap, towels etc. i enjoyed my stay and feel this hotel has the advantage of a fabulous central location and is of standard with other 4 star london hotels or simular in paris, rome, amsterdam, barcelona. This is a european standard hotel	
Jun 18 2006	Excellent Hotel	We stayed here for one night, our room was on the 8th floor and looked ot over St Katherines Dock. The room was clean, the beds were comfy and there was lots of storage and a spacious bathroom. Excellent location for Tower of LondonWould stay here again!	
Jun 14 2006	One to Avoid	We reserved a standard room, non smoking with a view of the river/tower - bottom line is that the room we got was certainly facing the river but overlooked a very dirty gravel filled roof - if you leaned out the window and looked to the side you could see the water. The room was tatty, smelled smoky (even though it was a non smoking room) and generally badly maintained - stained carpet and wallpaper, windows that did not close properly. We selected this hotel because of its location and views - and will not make that mistake again. FYI review your bill carefully at checkout time - we found several expensive telephone and room charges on our bill that were not our charges. The desk staff was not helpful and became accusatory when we questioned the charges although we eventually got them removed.	
Jun 7 2006	Hate it!	We stayed in tower hotel for 2 nights for our honeymoon last june 2006. My husband (who is british) told me it was the greatest hotel in london. He said its got the greatest view and that it was a 4-star hotel.I didnt enjoy my stay there..i was expecting too much from a 4-star hotel. my husband booked a deluxe room and it was not what i expected.it was dirty. the 3 throw pillows they put in the bed smelled like it hasnt been washed for 5 years. the curtains smelled like they werent changed for 10 years and the chairs smelled the same way. I dont think they even changed the bedsheets everyday coz i wasnt able to sleep well for two nights coz i was just itching all over.THey didnt even vacuumed the room properly in the morning coz there was still stuff in the floor when we came back. There is dust on the tables. Yeah, its a got a view of the river.. but it should be cleaned properly. Also the buffet breakfast didnt have lots of choices of food. they serve the same food everyday, which is sausages,eggs,bacon,beans, mushrooms, french toast and cereals...this wasnt the buffet breakfast i was expecting from a 4-star hotel in a famous city like london( i mean given that i stayed in hotels in developing countries). But even if i complained about this to my husband, he still said that it is already the best hotel in london. He said other hotels might be worse. He said, i should get used to British standards. Well, i told him, i would rather stay at home and live comfortably rather than go on vacation and live miserably.	
May 29 2006	Poor	Stated here for 4 days on business in May 06.Reception staff friendly and pleasant and the hotel lobby is clean and modern. Location is good and the view from the bedrooms is good.However the negatives were:i) a room key which never worked necessitating a hike back to reception to get it fixed each time I wanted to go to bed;ii) an overactive smoke alarm which is triggered by the shower; and iii) vomit on the second floor outside the lift and one of the bedrooms (not mine), which was not cleaned by the morning!	
May 28 2006	Guoman did not add any positive value	I stayed for 1 night in The Tower and booked through Thomas Cook to pay a really good price: 136 euro for a twin room with British breakfast included and a voucher for a &quot;2-for-1 dinner&quot; in the restaurant of the hotel. OK, the lobby has been completely refurbished and is brilliant. Check-in is very slow (I suspect they don't like it when you book through travel agencies since their rack rate is over 250 GBP ...), the lobby on first floor is really dark (must be the same at other floors) and the room is not as luxurious as they pretend on their website. There was chewing gum on the wall, not enough towels for 2 adults, one of the pillowcases had black stripes, the bathroom was clean but not what you expect from a 4-star hotel... The exit instructions on the wall had been 'upgraded' with a sticker on the glass itself hiding the old logo of Thistle. Did they need to economise the printing of new maps??? There is a mini bar in the room but don't open it! It is empty (no drinks) but full of dust and rest of food from previous customers! We were told that we were offered a complimentary upgrade to an executive room but I have my doubts ... Now the breakfast ... When The Tower was managed by Thistle, the buffet was great and you just couldn't decide what to take. Now, it's the minimum, the croissants were certainly not fresh,the yogourt had no taste and the orange juice probably made from powder and certainly not from fresh oranges. The waitress at the entrance would be great to work in a jail: no smile, no &quot;good morning&quot; but &quot;show you cards&quot; (don't try to have breakfast if you do not have a golden room card as this is your proof of pre-payment of breakfast), then she would eventually show you a table and that's it. Why does she work in a restaurant if she can't be nice and welcoming? I still wonder ... Nevertheless, we were disappointed and decided to inform the manager that we did not enjoy the services we would have expected from a 4-star hotel. If you want a great stay, check details on the &quot;City Inn Westminster&quot;, fabulous 4-star hotel near Westminster.	
May 20 2006 	Summer is coming be warned they have lots of fans.	The good news -- they have LOTS of fans. This should tell you, the A/C is being looked at story, well, its a story. Confirmed by staff. Also, high speed internet did not work, although they attempted to get that fixed, which failed. Ask for a renovated room to avoid disappointment. Hot days? ASK if the room's A/C is working at check-in. Window does open slightly. Good quality fan arrived quickly. Upgraded Thistle? Thistle Marble Arch property may be available.The positives are:Good location. Ask for a river side room with a view of Tower Bridge. Outstanding.Tube: 10 minute walk to Mable Arch. London Bridge as a backup 15 minutes.Night bus: N15 to Tower Hill.The concierge was very helpful.Waitrose market 10 minutes, exit hotel near concierge (who you asked for directions)Xi Bar has an outstanding staff and view of Tower Bridge.Starbucks 2 minutes away with T-mobile hot spot. ATM (no fee) available 25 feet away.Room size was good for London.Older rooms had a serious and large safe which fit wide screen laptop. Read directions.	
May 19 2006 	Okay for business visit with banks	I was on business trip and used this hotel second time (read the itinerary in airport). Otherwise I would have chosen an other place.Yet Tower is okay for a business trip. Especially if you have a meeting with one of the banks close to it. The service, lobby, river view, meeting room, facilities in general are ok but I would have expected a bit more in this price range (even in london). Some rooms do have the river view and are spacious but this time I hit to a room that didn't have the view and it it was maybe (about 2.5 * 4 meters) a half of the one which had the view. This one had an also unappreciated 90 cm bed . Also the rooms feel untidy but maybe it is just me not loving the fitted carpets. I didn't mind as it was just one night to sleep over but having a holiday here is definately not a good idea.Take it for brief business if the location suits, otherwise don't.	
May 17 2006 	Good base for London	I had a 2-week stint at the hotel on business and smiled very sweetly at Reception in order to get a view of the Bridge. It was well worth while, awesome view, it's also worth upgrading to one of the club rooms - they're just that bit nicer than the run of the mill rooms.The location is ideal for exploring London and for anyone who is working in the City. There's plenty to do in the locale, and as a female on my own at night I felt quite happy walking around.The staff are lovely and can't do enough to help you.	
May 15 2006	Great Views	Make sure you get a room facing the river, we got one that faced out towards Tower Bridge, it was wonderful. We paid £80 for our room (this was for a weekend night) and decided to splash out an extra £35 for an upgrade, glad we did hence the view we got!. The hotel room itself was smallish but clean and tidy, the bed was very comfortable and big. If you want to have dinner or breakfast prepare to queue, it is much quicker to eat outside the hotel and you get a better choice. One place to get good food at resonable prices (this is London after all!!!), is 'Browns', you go across Tower Bridge, keeping on the left hand side, go down onto the waterfront and just walk (past All Bar One) until you reach the resturant. It take about 5/10 mins but you do get to look over the Thames as you eat/drink. The location of the hotel is very good, right next to the Tower of London and the tube station Tower Hill that will take you into the West End. Of an evening it was nice to sit in the bar, especially if you got a seat overlooking the river and see Tower Bridge lit up!.	
May 14 2006	Hmmm... could do better	Booked on-line at the Guoman website and got what seemed a great rate (£117.50 incl. VAT, watch it they quote a PLUS VAT rate), against a standard rate of £300 (again +VAT) for a deluxe room.Check in was reasonable, once we got to the desk, and they foyer looks quite impressive.To the room, via a lift that took ages to arrive, but was quick to get us to the 7th floor.The room itself was reasonable, with tea/coffee facilities, a reasonable TV although most channels were pay per view. The view of Tower Bridge was blocked by half of the hotel though and we were right above the coach park! Yes, the hotel was full of coach tourists!Bathroom was OK but in need of a refurb, as quite frankly did the rest of the decor, whilst having the window handle come off in my hand was interesting - good job my DIY skills aren't too bad. Aircon worked, just... a few minutes of cold air was available before it seemed to give up - fortunately it wasn't a particularly hot night so we just opened the window.Was looking forward to breakfast, but... waited at least 5 minutes for a lift, and then had to queue to get in to the breakfast room/brasserie. Got shown to a table and then abandonned! Seems it's a buffet - but would have been nice if someone told us, especially as our rate included full english breakfast.Quality of the food? Average to poor... bacon and sausages were nice, scrambled eggs waterlogged and no fried or poached eggs in sight. Grabbed the last piece of fried bread and wished I hadn't. Baked Beans were fresh not stewed, didn't try the tomatoes which looked ages old, but no mushrooms or black pudding offered. Oh, the potatoes were cold and tasteless.Returning to our room was a repeat of getting to breakfast with huge queues for the lifts, of 4 only 2 appeared to be 'working' with one of those reluctant to shut the doors. I'm guessing housekeeping had locked out the other 2.Check out was painless... just drop the keycard off and go. Will just have to hope that they don't decide to bill us for any extras!	
May 4 2006 	Average with expensive cider!	I stayed here on a business trip and was amazed that the rooms were in excess of £120 per night! Although the check in staff were good and helpful, along with the concierge, I had terrible difficulty finding the hotel from the tube station, especially as it was after dark. Once I had it in my sights, negiotating my way around the harbour and finding the main entrance was another matter! Maybe as I'm not from London I was unduly perturbed, but the subways and roads are difficult to negotiate. My room had lovely views across the Thames and of the bridge - couldn't have wanted a better view really. The rooms weren't anything special however and I couldn't turn the shower off properly, so it always ran. Streaming the TV audio into the bathroom was a nice touch, unfortunately it was way too quiet! I ordered room service and was amazed that a small bottle of Woodpecker (! - they had run out of their advertised cider) would cost me £4.50! I was having a good night's sleep until the fire alarm went off at 5am and again at 5.15am. We received no apologies for this the next day at all. All in all, it was an ok stay but for the price I think you could probably get better.	
Apr 30 2006	Great Hotel.Great Views	Spent 3 nights at the beginning of April. Met at the door by a bevy of managers, ushered to reception and checked in . We were early and the room was not ready but they checked us in and issued the key as soon as the room was ready.Room was excellent, decor etc.Superb views of Tower Brige from the room. Bar was friendly and again great views.Booked through Priceline so it was a 'steal'Highly Recommended	
Apr 20 2006 	Much Improved - and on the up!	I have stayed at this hotel repeatedly both for business and leisure and whilst I agree with some of the comments about the hotel in the past it's ongoing refurbishment is doing away with these problems! All the public areas are now stunning and so are the refurbed bedrooms - once they're all complete this hotel will be fabulous.Comments about Breakfst are true - there are often queues, but last time i stayed i noticed that room service did not attract the usualy hefty tray charge of other london hotels so eating in your room is a much speedier option!All in all a really good hotel, in a good location for all sorts of traveller.	
Apr 19 2006	Faultless.... Highly Recommended	Perfect place for weekend or longer. Excellent room, excellent restaurant, superb views, ideal location and friendly very professional staff. Faultless!	
Apr 18 2006	Still a great setting	Second stay at this hotel but first since it changed hands. Easter weekend so very busy. Very long queues for breakfast after 8:15. Continental breakfast had very limited choice but English looked good. Some lift queues but not too bad. Bar prices horrendous. Go to Liberty Bounds pub at top of Tower Hill-nothing special but good prices and open until midnight.RV1 bus takes you to London Eye or Covent Garden. Catch it just before the bridge. Costs £1:50 each way and runs until midnight.Hotel rooms and service average but location ideal.	
Apr 17 2006	Adequate but nothing special	I stay here regularly on business because of the convenient location of the hotel. However I have mixed feelings about it. The lobby and communal areas are a plus point - the bar has good views of Tower Bridge and the river - but the bedrooms are slightly shabby and dated, although adequate. Food is of an unacceptable standard, I ate dinner here once and ever since have gone to one of the many good restaurants nearby. Don't pay for the breakfast, it isn't worth it. Ask for a river view room when you check in.Having said all this, I will go back again as it's fine for my purposes (especially the location). A re-furb of the rooms and improvement in the restaurant would make a big difference though.	
Apr 12 2006	Smashing stay at the Tower Thistle	Stayed in room 621, partial view of Tower Bridge and great river views. On arrival we were asked if we wanted to upgrade and I said no, so we ended up getting a complimentary upgrade. Good move. This is obviously an older building refurbished and rooms styles vary. Ours was clean tidy and peaceful, we enjoyed being able to open the window and appreciate fresh air, particularly on Saturday afternoon when the music wafted from the Tower gardens. Breakfast queues were long but well managed and food stocks were replenished reasonably quickly with only occassional waits for fried eggs! On the down side I understand the 5th floor still hasn't been refurbished so may be dodgy and 4 lifts for 800+ rooms is frankly a joke and ended up with long waits. I'd like to disagree with some previous reviews and re-assure people. The walk from the tube is through a system of subways but they are fine, well lit and not frequented by anyone other than tourists snapping away on their cameras at all hours. The area has loads to do and see and the tube gets you to central London very quickly. PS for dinner walk through the Tower Gardens to Waggamama. Excellent, fresh and clean tasting Japanese noodle bar complete with Sake, Japanese beer and freshly squeezed juices. Checkout their website.	
Apr 4 2006	Excellent stay	Stayed here on a lastminute deal and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Location was good with only 5 min walk to hotel from Tube station.Room was small but comfortable with everything you would need for a short stay. Breakfast was included in the price for us and did the job, good selection of food and regularly restocked.Would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2006	Good value	We booked a room with lastminute (unnamed until we had paid) and were very pleasantly surprised considering we paid £79 (could have gone for £69 without breakfast). I did a lot of research and we would have struggled to secure a room in a 4 * hotel for that price anywhere else in London. The lobby/communal areas have obviously been updated before many of the bedrooms judging by our own experience and comments below - contemporary vs slightly old-fashioned. However we had a superb view - right out over the bridge (simply asked on reception and they were extremely helpful and suggested if we waited half an hour we would get a room with a better view), the room was clean, comfortable, tea and coffee, ironing board, hairdryer etc. We loved the position, 5 mins from Tower Hill tube, but who needs that when you can walk along the river to a more central stop, or hop on a ferry down to the Tate or Houses of Parliament if you want to rest your legs? We ate in the Terence Conran restaurant in Butler's Wharf opposite as a treat (bit pricey!). Had a wonderful weekend and would definately go back for that price. A bargain.	
Apr 2 2006	April Fool?	We have stayed at the Thistle Tower hotel many times over recent years however, as it had a new owner, my wife looked at trip advisor for comments made recently. Many were not complimentary but hey, we have never had problems before so we booked ( at this point I would remind you it was 'All Fools Day'!)On arrival we checked in and was offered an exe upgrade which we took advantage of for an extra 50 euros. Big mistake - the room was shabby (dusty, smeary windows, broken pictures), rust comming from the bathroom fittings, chipped fittings, a hair and limescale infested shower head (nice!), dangerous light fitting and most serious of all, no milk for complimentary tea!!We wonder what a standard room would have been like? Can anyone else find tell us?Brian, Wiltshire, UK	
Apr 1 2006	good	we arrived from cheterfield to sty in london for 2 nights we arrived safely and went to check in every one very polite we found our room which was very nice we unpacked and found the frige to not work / and safe we telephoned down stairs to report safe which they promptly sent some one up to fix it which he did (very dishy) the food was excellent the hotel was very busy and the lifts did get busy but what do you expect with 800 rooms the staff were help fulland curteous we enjoyed our stay and were coming back in april	
Mar 22 2006	Not bad	Room small but comfortable. Bed very comfortable. View superb. check in / out slow. food ok. Location excellent. room service poor. Staff friendly.	
Mar 15 2006	Going back in time	My partner and I booked a night in the Tower Hotel through Lastminute. When we arrived they asked if we would like an upgrade to our room for £35 and we agreed. They said we would have a king size bed and a great view of Tower Bridge. When we got to the room it was very average, with no king size bed. The room looked like it had not been hoovered for a while and was very badly in need of a good clean and it was very old fashioned. Included in the deal was breakfast for £5 each, it was a cattle market and we had to queue for everything and also make our own toast. Please note the proper price for the breakfast, had it not been in the deal, was £16 and it was NOT worth it. I would advise people to eat breakfast elsewhere.	
Mar 6 2006 	Vaguely disappointing	I've just stayed at &quot;The Tower - A Guoman Hotel&quot; as it is now called, and have some mixed feelings about this establishment. The good points: the staff I dealt with were friendly (apart from one rather officious lady supervising entry to breakfast who was quite rude to customers, and even shouted at one couple!). Most of the food (lunch, dinner) was excellent. The bars and lobby areas were really good. The power shower in the bathroom also lived up to it's name!The bad points: The standard rooms are vile, 1970's throwback affairs. Do not be fooled by the pictures on the Guoman website, which are of the (premium) City Club rooms. Dated decor and peeling paint seemed to be the order of the day in the standard rooms. The corridors in the un-refurbished floors are dark and somewhat dingy with nasty low ceilings. It's also not a very pleasant trek (especially with luggage) from the Tube station. All in all, you can but wonder why Thistle re-brand this hotel to their luxury brand, when so much of it remains un-refurbished and rather disappointing. I certainly wouldn't go back when there are much better hotels out there. Putting &quot;Guoman&quot; stickers over the word Thistle on signs, and then carrying on as normal does not make a luxury hotel!! Thistle need to sort out the rest of the hotel, and quickly.	
Mar 5 2006	Good view heavy price	My girlfriend and I recently spent one night here as a treat for her birthday with a room having a view of the bridge. First impressions are nice, quite modern, not bad service. The room was ok but nothing too fantastic. Couldn't get the air con to warm. Nice view as expected. The problem was when we spoke to other guests and found that they had paid half we had for the same rooms with a view of the bridge, even though we booked with Guoman direct two months in advance. Not believing them one guest even showed me there itinery and the cost was on it. The next morning breakfast in bed arrived which was not what we ordered, undercooked and cold. At £200 per night for the two of us I expected far more. I would definately shop around for the best deal if your going to stay here. I could have lived with the dodgy breakfast if we had paid half the price like others.	
Mar 1 2006 	Don't stay on the fifth floor	My company booked my colleague and I into this hotel while we were in London on a course. We found the location to be quite inconvenient: can't walk to the City and too far away from Covent Garden / Leicester Square. The nearest tube station was about 10-15 minutes way. While my colleague was allocated a single newly refurbished room on the 6th floor, I found myself in a horrible twin room on the 5th floor. It looked like it hasn't been refurbished for many decades. After long discussions with the hotel management, I was moved to the 9th floor (not as new as the 6th floor). The room was genereally ok, but guest services weren't available on the telly for express check-out. The bathroom looked fine, but I do hate shower curtains that wrap themselves around me while I am showering. The breakfast was ok, but nothing special. There was a long queue for taxis on Friday morning. Some really nice things about this hotel: the lobby is really impressive, check-in and check-out were really quick, views from the rooms are amazing - Thames on one side and a marina with boats on the other size.	
Feb 21 2006	Not very impressed!	I was really looking forward to staying at this highly rated hotel, but ended up being bitterly disappointed with the room. It really spoiled our stay in London.The hotel itself is all very impressive with a large marble foyer and contemporary Brasserie restaurant with polite staff. However, the room was a different matter.It seems as though they are modernising the hotel slowly. They have updated the communal areas, but the rooms are in dire need of refurbishment. Our room was dark and dingy. The lighting was poor and all the switches and electrics looked really old and dated.The furniture in the room also looked old and in need of replacement - varnish chipping off the headboard and cupboards missing handles.The carpet seemed grubby, as did the bedspread - not something I would expect of a hotel claiming to be 4*. I'm sure the bedding was all clean, but it just didn't look it and I really didn't fancy sleeping in it.Overall, not very impressed and definitely won't be going back.	
Feb 17 2006	A great view and very convinient location.	Choose always this hotel in London. A big and a little unpersonal hotel, but helpful staff and great location. A big pluss that it is out of everone`s London. Easy to get into f.ex. Oxford street by the tube. Pleasant walk along the Thames , and many very good restaurants behind the hotel in St. Catherine`s Dock. A beatiful area. Big and nice rooms. A bit too busy during the breakfast! OK breakfast.And what a view towards Tower Bridge - be sure to have room facing the river.	
Jan 18 2006	Decent hotel with great location	I have stayed at this hotel twice, each time for 4-5 days. The location is excellent for travel, and for both of my stays my room overlooked Tower Bridge. The hotel is directly across the street from the Tower of London, and the tube stop is a very short walk away. The area seems to be a business or financial district, so it is quiet in the evenings. It's also a good location for walks up and down the Thames. We found the eating choices to be suitable, especially the Carvery. The free breakfast was fine, but the &quot;English breakfast&quot; offerings were great. We found the staff to be pleasant and had no difficulties with either of our stays. There are definitely &quot;nicer&quot; hotels in London, but this one doesn't try to be posh; it's a decent hotel for a decent price.	
Jan 18 2006	Loved it!	My partner and I booked a two night stay between Christmas and New Year. We were upgraded to a suite at no extra cost. The breakfasts are amazing - the food is delicious and of good quality, although I would reccommend getting there no later than 8.30am. The location is good, a short walk to the tube station for all your sight seeing needs.The rooms are clean with everything you could need provided - although the mini bar prices are ridiculous, but when are mini bar prices ever reasonable?!?!If you were requiring an intimate, low key hotel, this is not for you. But for a place to stay whilst seeing the sights - perfect.We would certainly go again!	
Jan 15 2006	Very good value for money accommodation	I have just returned from a night at the Thistle Tower Hotel in London. After reading some of the negative reviews on Tripadvisor, I got worried about the quality of the accommodation. However, I was most pleasantly surprised - the Hotel was clean, bright, modern and the staff friendly and helpful.I managed to get a super deal online, breakfast included. When checking in, the Receptionist asked if I wanted to purchase an upgrade for £35, which I declined. She then gave me a free upgrade to a Delux room, which was again, bright and clean. The hotel location is great, lovely views, near the Excel Exhibition Centre (I attended the Boat Show). Breakfast supplies were continuously replenished with freshly cooked eggs, bacon, etc. - not food that was prepared half an hour ago.I would truly ignore the bad comments, the Hotel is very much what one would expect from a four star hotel in this part of London.	
Jan 5 2006	great location and views	We loved the location of this hotel because it is just far enough away from the hustle and bustle,but close enough for a lovely walk down the thames.The hotel was very clean and the service was great.We had a problem with our door lock,so they gave us a suite instead because it could not be repaired.The view from the room was overlooking tower bridge,at night it was stunning.Car parking was under the hotel which was great,and a reasonable price(about £14 for 24hrs.The nearest tube station is about 2 mins walk.We paid £102 for this hotel for one night.	
Dec 31 2005	Nice location but...	I booked directly with this hotel and reserved two rooms for two nights: one standard double for my wife and I, and one twin room for my two older boys. When we arrived, we were told we could upgrade to two deluxe rooms. I said okay, and then they told me that a double room was not available. Why didn't they tell us this in the first place? Then they said we could get a double room if we were a club member, but since we weren't we were out of luck. They didn't indicate the name or ask us to join any club either. So we received two twin rooms. The desk clerk then offered to put our name on a waiting list for a deluxe double room for the next night and leave us a message. It didn't happen. The next day I requested a double room and got it, which didn't seem as difficult to do as the previous day. The &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms looked like standard rooms, and contained nothing special. So the bottom line is that they &quot;bait and switch&quot; and try to sell you a room at a higher rate before they tell you if it is or isn't available. The service quality was also low, as the clerks and service staff did not know how to treat a customer, unless you had a lot of money to burn. Appearances seem to mean more to them as apposed to being a valued customer.	
Dec 18 2005	was not impressed	we booked through last minute site for a double room. On arrival we were given a twin room and told that a double room would cost us an extra £35 which of course we did not pay. There was a private party in one resturant and the other resturant got booked very quickly which meant we had to go out to dinner and take a cab because our car was in the car park at a rate of £14 for overnight stay and would have cost double to take it out and return.The hotel itself is ok but i wont be in a rush to return.	
Dec 12 2005	not suitable for a romantic weekend	i have to be quick but room was ok. quite rundown and oldfashioned. location good but hotel service was very poor. tried to arrange a booking addtions before i got there but everytime i got cut off. even asked for the manager and he cut me off!! Staff were foreign so any problems i had i could not sort out properly. breakfast was poor and toaster was oldfashioned army toaster which never toasted properly.i resorted to bread in the end.Basically only go here if you need to stay for one night and dont need breakfast the next day.	
Dec 2 2005	Not as bad as some make it seem	Well, after reading all these reviews, I was a bit concerned. I got this hotel via Priceline, so I didn't select it on purpose. But, I'm a hearty traveler and I figured I could handle anything it threw at me, and was prepared to expect the worst.However, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel seems to be going under a renovation/management change and is now called the &quot;Guoman Tower&quot;, although it still says Thistle everywhere. The location is great for the London Tower area, but the entrance is a bit hard to find if you're walking in by foot (walk across the Tower Bridge and take the stairs underneath the bridge before you get to the street lights).The lobby was clean, well-lit, and the check-in staff seemed helpful enough. I was given a standard room on the 4th floor. The room itself was a bit old-fashioned, with some ageing furniture and decor, but homely and comfortable. My room appeared to have a king bed, but upon further inspection, it appeared to be two beds connected together. It was not really an issue, though, and I appreciated the larger bed after my long journey in an airplane. I had a view of St. Katherine's harbor, not the Thames or the bridge, but it was still a nice room. Clean, well-appointed, the bathroom was very clean and looked freshly renovated or upgraded.Room service was prompt, the food quality was average and overpriced, but I guess what can you expect? Checkout was a breeze, but leave early. The elevators are very slow, and there are a lot of people/rooms in this hotel, which means you may be waiting a long time for an elevator.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if you get it at a substantial discount, via something like Priceline. I saw what some other guests paid (in excess of 150 GBP) and I would not pay that, but at a discount, this hotel is a great value.I stayed on Nov. 26th, 2005.	
Nov 23 2005 	Never had a chance to even try it...	I was booked at Thistle Towers for a two night stay during a recent business trip to the City. The booking has been made well in advance and was – of course – secured by a credit card. After the usual delays at Heathrow I arrived at Thistle Towers around midnight and the staff explained me that they had a large group booking an extension and that I had been relocated to the Thistle Barbican. I tried to disagree since I deliberately chose the Towers due to its location but the staff showed no mercy (and no real effort), put me in a cab and sent me of to the Barbican. At the Barbican I was downgraded but had to accept the room since it was the only one available. I tried to contact the management of either the Barbican or the Towers the next day but again – no response at all. To top it all off they attempted to charge me the higher rate for the downgraded room and I only managed to squeeze out a small reduction after an hour-long phone conversation with the Towers front desk – again no manager was available to talk to me. No room, no honouring of credit card secured bookings, no efforts to redeem the situation – never again. The company I work for blacklisted the hotel.	
Nov 17 2005 	Poor service staff are rude and unhelpful	Having used this hotel for a business function, it is appalling that the hotel offered such poor service to a first time user where the function involved a number of executives.Post function service was found to be equally appalling as the hotel refused to send anything through to confirm payment received, which is essential to company records and accounts. Upon repeated requests for confirmation of payment, the meetings &amp; event coordinator was found to be increasingly rude, abrasive and condescending.We have boycotted the Thistle chain from future use, and strongly recommend that you do the same.	
Nov 9 2005 	Absolutely Terrible.	The 5th floor is to be avoided at all costs, it is an utter disgrace. This is the worst hotel I have had the misfortune to stay at in a long time. The front desk staff were not even remotely surprised at my complaints...so I would assume that it is frequent occurence. Apparently this floor is due for renovation in January 2005 and in my opinion this floor should be closed until it has been completed.	
Nov 9 2005	Recommend that you keep searching	My kindest description of this hotel would be grubby and shabby. It would appear that the rooms have not been renovated since the hotel was built, sometime in the early 70's. Whilst the hotel claims, and charges as a 4 star hotel, a 2 possibly 3 star rating would be significantly closer to reality. At first glance you could forgive he decor and general poor condition of the hotel due to the hotel being under renovation. However I was reliably informed by the duty manager that the hotel was not under renovation and that is the normal poor standard it adheres.	
Oct 19 2005 	Better than expected!	I wasn't looking forward to staying in this hotel after reading some of the reviews on this site, but I needn't have worried. We had a very nice large room on the 9th floor (a City Club room), with a terrific view over the pretty marina of St Katherine's Docks. It didn't feel as if you were staying in a city at all. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom, although small, was perfectly adequate. There were Molton Brown toiletries, the shower was hot and powerful and the towels were enormous! A bathrobe was provided - only one, with a security tag attached! The room was air-conditioned, but our window could be opened, which was even better. The room has an iron, ironing board, trouser press, 2 hairdryers and tea/coffee making facilities. There is also a minibar which can be stocked on request. Most importantly, everything was very clean and the staff are very pleasant. Yes, some of the decor is a bit tired but the overall impression is not scruffy.On the downside, room service was very overpriced, with an additional £3.00 charge just for the tray to be brought to you. We ate one night in the Water Cafe because we just wanted something quick and easy, but thought the food was very ordinary and expensive for what it was. It could be we made a bad choice - beer-battered cod and chips, both of which were clearly cooked from frozen, nor were they &quot;traditionally wrapped in newspaper&quot; as advertised on the menu! The breakfast buffet service, with the usual options, although sadly no fresh fruit, just tinned. The cooked breakfast was a little too oily for my taste - it tasted as if everything was cooked in lard. Also, instead of bringing a pot of coffee to the table, they pour you one cup at a time, which is a little irritating if you can't catch a waiter's eye, but they will refill as often as you want. There are a few shops and restaurants nearby and it's within walking distance of a Safeway store. It's a great location for Tower Bridge and the Tower of London, but possibly a bit far out of town for other sightseeing, although you can catch a boat from just beside the hotel and there is a tube station nearby. It didn't make any difference to us because we had no time to spare anyway, but I probably wouldn't stay here if sightseeing was the main purpose of my visit. To sum up, this is a perfectly pleasant hotel with probably more good points than bad. If you can eat elsewhere, though, so much the better. If you have already booked, don't worry, and if you don't like the room you get, it will probably be possible to upgrade.	
Oct 9 2005	Great weekend break.	Having seen some of the negative reviews on here prior to our visit I wondered just how bad it could be for a supposed premium hotel in the heart of London. My fears were thankfully unfounded.Apart from inadequate signposting around Central London, thanks to Ken Livingstone's congestion charge being spent elsewhere and not on more signs to assist tourists, the hotel was easily accessible. Upon arrival, the underground car park was full, but the very helpfull attendant said he would squeeze me in, which he did.Reception area, very clean, with attractive decor and the staff were only too pleased to help.We had upgraded to an executive room, which we could not fault, (I needed a map to navigate around the bed, it was huge) and the view of Tower Bridge from the third floor, was fantastic, (especially at night). The room was clean and cannot complain at all for the price.The Carvery Restaurant which overlooks St Katherines Dock was extremely good value, £20 per person for a three course meal, Beef, Gammon, Turkey or Lamb (or a combination of the lot and when we went they also had what I would call Goulash, mmm)and go back for more if you want. All cooked to perfection and when I couldn't find a sweet that suited, (nut allergy) I was offered an alternative without hesitation.And, if you wish to dine early, and vacate by 7pm it is only £15.50 per person.Checkout only took 5 mins, car park was £14 per night, we didn't have breakfast there but I could see quite a queue building when we left at 10am on the Sunday morning. Plenty of other places to grab breakfast in London wherever you go.Very handy location for exploring London, £10 for a taxi to Leicester Square. Boat trips from right outside the hotel, al fresco area outside, overlooking the Thames in warmer weather.All in all, for a Friday - Sunday weekend break, I cannot fault the Tower Thistle and will certainly visit again, but for a longer time, maybe a 5 day break.Was also told by the chap at the boat trip place, that if you buy an underground travelcard, it gives you 2 for the price of 1 at loads of attractions like Madame Tussauds and the London Eye to name but 2. (Apparently this is to get tourists back into London since 7th July) One of the hotel staff confirmed this stating that it is being advertised on LWT Television, but many tourists won't know and may book tickets online prior to going and pay through the nose. This lasts until March 06.	
Sep 30 2005 	Much better to be found elswhere	I've stayed here at least a dozen times, but only as the final final choice on my companys preferred list. Check in and out is usually very slow, rooms are badly lit and often tired (not just floor 5), lifts between floors take an age as does poor value room service. If you are on the tourist trail and a view of Tower Bridge appeals to you then that may outweigh all of the downsides for you, but my advice is to book elsewhere.	
Sep 5 2005	Absolutely no problems!	We booked to stay over one night at this hotel last weekend. After reading the reviews on this site I was really regretting doing this. I shouldn’t have worried at all.The hotel is large, and the outside certainly needs a bit of renovation, but I found the areas that I saw inside to be well maintained and extremely clean and tidy. Check in is at 2.00pm, but because my husband and I had an appointment at that time I requested an early check in time of 12:00 when I booked the room. On arrival at 12.45 we were told that our standard room was not available, and once I had explained that I had requested an early check-in, they immediately offered us a complimentary upgrade to an executive room.Our room was on the 1st floor, and had a partially obscured view of Tower Bridge. The room was fine, very clean and well decorated and the bathroom immaculate. The décor was pretty much standard for this kind of hotel, but compared to others I have stayed in the standard of the room was more than reasonable. The bed was very comfortable, the room was quiet and we both had a very good nights sleep.You can eat breakfast in two locations and we chose to have ours on the ground floor in the café/bar area. We got to the breakfast area at about 9.30am, and there was no queue (it was a Saturday morning) and there were many tour-buses outside. The self-service breakfast food was plentiful, hot and to a reasonable standard, coffee wasn’t great but we like very strong coffee so are often disappointed in hotels. I had fruit and yoghurt, a selection of cooked breakfast items, orange juice and coffee. It was fine and a lot better than some I’ve experienced.The location is brilliant and there is a water-bus from right outside the hotel to the London Eye, which at £2.95 is excellent value. Tube is about 2-3 minutes walk away, and the Thames Path on the North or South bank is a great way to walk up the River, especially at night. We walked to Shakespeare’s Globe in about 25 minutes. Overall, the hotel was really OK – no where near as bad as some of the reviews on this site would lead you to believe. I’ve stayed in many hotels, in the UK and abroad, and this hotel compared favourably with many I’ve visited.	
Sep 1 2005	Not all bad.... really!!	After reading reviews here I thought I was goint to a right dump but it isn't really. I stayed on the 7th Floor in a twin club room. Ok so the furniture was scratched the walls have marks on them but it was comfortable n the view was fantastic. The rooms do need a re-furbishment but it didn't spoil the trip.... the bed was really comfy.They started doing some work on the Hotel on my 2nd day there which was irritating, spray painting the outside.I ate at both restaurants and had the Continental Breakfast they were a bit over priced for what it was and the service was rubbish. It was hard to find a waiter/ waitress that spoke English I could understand, they were all foreign seasonal workers by the looks of things.The surrounding are was good with bars and restaurants 5 mins over the river, and the tube was only 5 mins walk away if that. Some of the comments further down did not reflect the hotel at all, ok they have problems but no ones perfect.	
Aug 27 2005 	great view not much else	This trip was for work and booked last minute through my office so I had no idea where I was going until I got there. If I was the one paying I would have done a bit more research.On the upside I was surprised at what a good location this was. I arrived at the tube station on a lovely summer’s evening to see the Tower of London and Tower Bridge, which I haven’t seen since I was a child. Really breathtaking.The entrance to the hotel was awkward and only one member of staff was on check in and although polite I had to wait for nearly half an hour in the queue.Housekeeping must be lacking as I checked in at 9pm and the corridors still had uncleared breakfast trays.I had an executive room on the 2nd floor which was clean enough but rather compact. Us ‘executives’ need plenty of room to work and proper lighting and there was neither. There was a safe and ironing board but an amazing lack of amenities. Only a small bar of soap. And the stained bathroom ceiling was unpleasant.The selling point of course was the view. Something I hadn’t expected but the view of the river and the bridge was lovely.I agree with earlier comments about the lack of air con and the windows don’t open far.One thing to note is that the windows aren’t tinted, so make sure you have your towel on!The biggest disappointment for me was that there is very little nearby. I went for a walk in the evening and there were no restaurants or shops, so you are stuck with what the hotel has to offer.A cooked breakfast was included but I didn’t have time. One of my colleagues went and said it was busy and unappetising and only had a bowl of cereal.Not really one I would recommend.	
Aug 20 2005	Not All Bad! .....	I had booked and paid for a night at this hotel many months ago before the really dreadful reviews appeared on this site! My heart sunk to my boots as my stay got nearer and I really thought the whole experience was going to be diabolical! A friend from Yorkshire was meeting up with me in London to see a show and her husband had said the hotel wasn't up to much - so I expected the worst!However, I did not encounter many of the problems mentioned by reviewers and in all, it was an ok experience!I got a good deal through a website but it's no great secret that you don't get great rooms when you don't pay the full price! So I wasn't expecting too much for my money.The room overlooked Tower Bridge and the Tower of London so the view was just great! The room was spotlessly clean, including the bathroom, and the air conditioning worked well and the noise was kept out by the sealed windows. The weather was balmy and we spent an hour on the outside terrace taking in the great views, drinking a glass of red wine and chatting to a complete stranger whose daughter was going to marry on Tower Bridge the following day! So I'm pleased to report that my experience of this hotel did not match up to many other reviewers and it's certainly as good as many others I've stayed in when I've visited London in the past.The breakfast was disappointing! We had continental breakfast as part of our deal and there was very little choice with &quot;stewed&quot; tea and coffee served. The cooked breakfast looked equally unappetising and I was just glad I hadn't paid extra for this option. However, all in all, it was a satisfactory experience.	
Aug 17 2005	Great location abysmal hotel	Yuk! The exterior appearance unfortunately mirrors the interior of this below average hotel. A blot on the landscape next to Tower Bridge, don't be swayed into thinking it's great location makes up for it's shortcomings. We stayed in an executive room which was OKish but our friends had standard rooms which were just grotty - the city club rooms looked OK but for what they cost you could spend your money elsewhere at far nicer hotels. We had to queue for breakfast but when we got into the disused conference room (just think ballroom in &quot;The Shining&quot;), there was no one in there. Horrible food as well! Do not order room service - a mediocre club sandwich cost £12.75! And our whole party had problems with the price they had been quoted for their rooms and the price that was charged.	
Aug 11 2005 	The great views are not quite enough	I stayed at the Tower Thistle three times, for a total of eight nights, in 2004, and had previously stayed there occasionally since 1997. The good points:1. This hotel has some of the best views in London, located on the Thames, across from the Tower, and at the north end of Tower Bridge. 2. This is one of the very few hotels in London that has a reasonably priced (if you are a guest) car park underneath the hotel. 3. The location, although scenic, is probably better for business travellers with business in the City. Tourist spots in the West End are 20 to 25 minutes by taxi (depending on traffic). The Tower station on the Underground is an easy 10 minute walk from the hotel. Follow the signs to the tube closely; it's easy to get lost.4. The staff have always been friendly and usually very responsive and helpful. For example, my business partner and I needed a place to work that was larger than our room. The staff let us use an unbooked meeting room at no charge and arranged for room service for us.5. Housekeeping staff keep the rooms exceptionally clean.6. The Concierge can work wonders getting hard-to-find theatre tickets with only a reasonable markup on the face value.7. This is one of those odd hotels where room service is much better-- both in terms of food quality and service -- than the restaurants.The not-so-good points can be very annoying, and can ruin the visit:1. The Tower Thistle is a bus-tour magnet, especially on weekends. Forget about eating breakfast in the hotel unless you are willing to endure a long wait in line with the bus-tour people. Even so, the English breakfast is not very good and the service is inadequate for the demand. Fortunately there is a Starbucks nearby. 2. Avoid the hotel on warm days in the late spring or early autumn. The air conditioning will have been turned off and management won't turn it back on, no matter how unseasonably warm it is outside. On one autumn visit, the temperature in my room hit 30 degrees celsius. The windows opened, but not enough to admit a breeze. Management's response was to quickly bring an electric fan (the manager delivered it himself) and to move us to a slightly cooler room (75 degrees) on the shady side of the hotel; but they refused any price compensation for a warm and very uncomfortable night.3. The hotel is somewhat out of the way from the main flow of traffic in the area and has only a very small holding area for taxis. Expect a long wait (15 minutes or more) in the mornings and early evenings, or book a cab in advance.Top survival tip for this hotel:Pay the extra charge for a City Club room. It's worth it, especially on weekends and during the tourist seasons in the summer and before Christmas. The &quot;standard&quot; rooms are too tiny to be comfortable. City Club rooms are reasonably sized and well appointed. You can also avoid the bus-tour guests and the very long check-in and check-out lines that they must endure at the main reception desk. City Club rooms have a separate check-in area in the lobby and a separate check-out lounge upstairs.	
Aug 11 2005 	Bus Tours only	Unless you are in a bus tour group never stay here ever. We have stayed at this hotel before with mixed success because of the tour buses and the queues but this time was an eye opener. We had the absolute misfortune to be allocated a room on LEVEL 5 which probably has not been touched renovation wise for some forty years. We found ourselves paying up to ?140 a night (4 star rates) for what was in reality a very crappy 1 star room.When we arrived at LEVEL 5 we were confronted by an ugly unoccupied dimly lit glassed office crammed full of badly stacked archive boxes overflowing with grubby old documents. The hallway was no better – it was grubby, gloomy and lined with chipped and battered doors badly in need of paint. Large mobile shelves built of what appeared to be raw particle board were placed at intervals along the filthy hallway. I was at a loss to know what purpose they served. A lone empty wine bottle sat atop one for absolute ages and no staff member could be bothered disposing of it - so I did.In hindsight I now suspect LEVEL 5 is actually the staff sleeping level. We definitely felt we were venturing behind the scenes of this badly run hotel. The room allocated to us was a shocker. Battered furniture, a dated old television teetering atop an old unstable grubby looking mini bar with the door glued crookedly shut. The yellowed dated phone beside the bed did not work at all. All business calls had to be made sitting on the toilet using the other yellowed dated phone which was located in the cramped substandard bathroom. Sure the room had extras which could have boosted the star rating but they were all old and a lot didn’t work. Did they buy them at a surplus auction?When I complained to the receptionist about the room I was confronted with an icy stare and a indifferent response. I could not even pay for an upgrade because she claimed the hotel was fully booked. This was despite being offered an upgrade when we checked in only minutes before. Now I haven’t even started on the unnecessary and frustrating queues at breakfast. But I’ve had enough – all I will add is that in ten years of overseas traveling and staying in all sorts of accommodation this would indeed be the all round worst hotel I have stayed in. Remember for tour groups only and independents steer clear!!!!!	
Aug 4 2005	Great view excellent location	We stayed here for our anniversary and it really lived up to expectation, the web offer we booked it through also made this a very cheap stay. We had a view of the Tower bridge from our room, huge king size bed, great shower and bathroom. The breakfast was huge and friendly service. The hotel could be improved by updating the 1960s decor, but that is a minor complaint. This hotel seemed to accommodate large groups and there seemed mostly seniors there when we were there. So not the choice if you are after somewhere hip and trendy. This hotel is located right by the Thames with great attractions close by, good location for taking walks and exploring or having a relaxing boat trip. Would definitely stay here again, lovely.	
Aug 2 2005	Wonderful location	Myself and two friends stayed in the Thistle Tower hotel for two nights at the end of July 2005. The hotel is situated in a magnificent location with great views of Tower Bridge, St Katherines Marina &amp; Docks and of the boats/ships on the Thames.The hotel rooms are very comfortable &amp; clean, with a safe, iron/ironing board, hairdryer, tea/coffee and TV included free. Key card for my friends twin room didn't work at first but was sorted out very quickly by hotel staff even though there were a lot of guests checking in at the time.Breakfast was very good, no complaints at all, although I would recomend getting there by 8.30am, as queues can develop quite quickly.We also tried the Cavery restaurant in the hotel, which was very good value for money. However we didn't check out the bar as we heard it was quite expensive. Also, on the second night the fire alarm went off at 2.30am, because of someone smoking in a no smoking room, so I definately wouldn't recomend doing this if you are a smoker, as everyone had to get dressed and go down to reception until the false alarm had been confirmed. Staff were very helpful during this time.The hotel is also a very short distance from the Tower Hill tube station, so has very quick links to other parts of London. The Tower of London is also only about 2mins walk.St Katherines Marina also has many places to eat and drink.Myself and my friends would all return to this hotel, and I am intending to return with my husband next year.	
Jul 27 2005	Loved the hotel	I took my mom for her 65th birthday and she loved the hotel.the staff were so friendly and welling to help.my card key was not working and the maintenance team where up to sort it with in 10 mins .the breakfast is also very good we had a eat as much as you like ,it is very good .and it is so near tower bridge and i would go see tower bridge at night it is a good site	
Jul 25 2005	Great Location	Would highly recommend this hotel for it's location. Right on the Thames overlooking Tower Bridge and St Katharines Dock with it's pubs and restaurants it felt like a hidden hideaway. With the problems at the moment it felt safer to go by water taxi which was right outside the hotel. A bit dated 1980's style but no complaints. Reception upgraded us after our card key wouldn't let us in original room to a great room with view of Tower Bridge. Breakfast buffet style adequate and no complaints from the 4 of us.	
Jun 22 2005 	No hot water pay twice.	I stayed here in April on a business trip as one of a group of 4. The hotel was prepaid by the travel agents. This caused great confusion at check-in. Two months after the visit the hotel charged my credit card for the stay which had already been paid in advance. One month further on this has still not been refunded. Two of my colleagues were also charged for the visit at the time but were more promptly refunded.There was no hot water in my room on the first morning and the decrepit shower did not function. The staff moved with cosmic slowness when contacted.This is a dreadful hotel. You should only contemplate staying here if there is absolutely no alternative.	
Jun 21 2005	Lovely on a summer evening	This was my second stay at The Tower Thistle. The hotel is gigantic [801 rooms and suites] but manages to maintain a homely atmosphere. Reception staff and concierges are friendly and chambermaids greet one with a smile and a 'Good morning' which is always welcome.Rooms are not overly large but comfortably furnished and well equipped. It wasn't until I compared my room with that of some friends that I realised that I was in an 'executive' room. As far as I could see the only differeces were a slightly more elaborate decor, a mini-bar and provision of a bathrobe.The loction is what sets this hotel apart. Next to Tower Bridge and with entrances that lead directly onto an attractively paved area of embankment it really couldn't be better on a hot summer evening when you can sit on the terrace of the hotel's WWWatercafe. Pretty well every one of the vast number of rooms has a view of the Thames, Tower Bridge, The Tower of London or the beautiful boating haven of Saint Catherine's dock which is a pleasant destination in its own right.A few of us enjoyed an hour or two simply watching the boats and their crew on Sunday morning.A few warnings, however.Bar prices are astronomical. Yeah, I know its a London hotel but it isn't The West End and the bar, comfortable as it is [and the view of Tower Bridge is stunning] isn't a sophisticated 'cocktail bar' more a smart pub. £9.50 for a double vodka and tonic seems excessive when there isn't a waiter service.Breakfast was included in my booking but make sure that, if booking on the 'net' breakfast is included. The breakfast is fine but not worth almost £17.00. You might prefer a lovely branch of Starbucks, just begind the hotel and on St Katherine's quay.The much vaunted Haagen Daaz cafe closes early... on a HOT evening!The nearest tube, Tower Hill, is several minutes walk away and not exactly 'disabled friendly'.Despite these reservations its an ideal place for a break in London and you can even pick up a water bus from just outside the door.	
Jun 8 2005	Great location poor quality room	I stayed here for one night after a short break to Paris. Whilst the foyer and restaurant of this hotel are nicely decorated my room was of a very poor quality. The lampshades were tatty and falling apart and nearly all of the furniture in the room was scratched, chipped and/or showing its age. The ironing board didn't work and neither did the Air conditioning.It was clean and had a good view of the Thames but they are the only good points I could find. I am sure you can get much better value elsewhere.	
Jun 2 2005	Location Location Location!!!	Stayed at Thistle Tower Hotel 30-31 May. Very wary due to reviews but pleasantly surprised. Yes, Hotel is big so lobby is always busy, staff are rushed off their feet and doing 3 things at one time - but they were all pleasant and professional.Needed a room change from 2nd floor (nice room) and was moved to 7th floor, again nervous from what has been mentioned here, but room was superior (posher toiletries too!) with a nice view over St Katherines Dock.If I had a minor gripe (and I only know this as we had multiple rooms) housekeeping is a bit hit and miss when it comes to filling up/replacing toiletries and drinks. Nothing major.Breakfast was continental (croissants, rolls, cold meat, fruits and yoghurt) with drinks (tea, coffee and fruit juice). All you needed, and plentiful. You can pay for a cooked breakfast, but don't bother. It was the only food we noticed being left.The best bit was the Location. Leave hotel entrance and the River Thames is across the pavement with a water taxi/bus/boat jetty. Tower Bridge is literally feet away from the Hotel and the Tower of London is across the road (you walk under Tower Bridge)It's just a shame that the Hotel is a 1970's concrete block, which jars with the location - though the interior is pleasant enough.Would I stay there again - yes, without a doubt.If you want posh, there is much better in London. If you want somewhere clean, reasonably priced and a Location hard to beat I'd say this hotel is a good choice.One last thing - even though it is close to Tower Bridge, which is busy both with tourists and traffic - it was remarkably quiet both in and outside the hotel	
May 8 2005	A few hiccups but would go again.	We have just come back from staying at this hotel, and whilst there was a few hiccups (being put in a twin room instead of the double room we booked), after we asked about it (and since it was our honeymoon) we were offered an upgrade to a suite on the 11th floor, and a complimentary bottle of wine was sent up for us.The location of the hotel is fantastic, we couldn't have asked for better, and it is close to the local Tube station to get into the heart of London.I was very wary of the hotel after seeing the reviews on here, but I thought it was good.	
May 7 2005 	Great views that's about all	I hated this hotel. The views from the bedrooms are fantastic - Tower Bridge, the Thames, HMS Belfast ... and the bedrooms are comfortable, but the hotel itself is a sixties monster, and lacking in warmth and hospitality. I queued for 20 minutes to check in at 1045 at night. The lobby is unwelcoming and the bars and restaurants looked really unpleasant.	
Apr 29 2005	great value for money	we booked through easy hotels and got a great deal on this hotel - was a bit worried about what it would be like but great value for money!rooms very lovely and great view of the river! staff very friendly and helpful.best good value hotel I have stayed in.	
Apr 27 2005 	Am I a stupid rat cought in a trap?	I must say the hotel is ok with good location.BUT....I made a direct international phone call to Japan, without thinking much just like being at home. It was about only 13 minutes - when checking out I was charged about £360 for the call...Is this a standard practice? They say I should have checked before making a call. But you know, you some time buy a pint of milk without checking the price - there is at least some common sence that a pint of milk won't cost more than 90p or less.Or am I just a fool? Or is this FREEDOM of trade? If so, this is a hotel which try to make profit by setting a trap for a fool, NOT a customer oriented hotel.Careful, you never know what trap there is.	
Apr 25 2005	Business hotel at its complacent worst	Awful check in, average rooms, no mini bar, service that treats you like an in mate - I can't imagine why anyone would pay their own money to stay here. Complacent massive London business hotel at it's worst. OK if all you need is an expenses paid bed for the night and know what to expect in London.	
Apr 25 2005	Great view of tower bridge	My wife and I stayed here for a short trip to London after finding a cheap rate on lastminute. If you go, ask for a room with a view of tower bridge. We had a fantastic view of it lit up at night. The evening meal was really nice and breakfast was adequete.	
Apr 17 2005	I could have stayed longer!!	We (myself, my gran and sister) went to London to see a musical. Staying at the Thistle Tower made our break even more enjoyable. What a perfect view. The rooms were lovely, staff friendly and food absolutely delicious. We found it great value and would definately return again. We didn't want too return hhome after 2 nights of relaxation. Thankyou to all..	
Apr 11 2005	Pleasant suprise	We booked before I read the reviews and was horrified as this was a wedding anniversary treat for the wife so I rang ahead and without hesitation they upgraded us for free to the newly refurbished first floor. The room was wonderful with a king size bed, views over St. Katherines dock, extremely quite and was equal to the 4 star London hotels we have recently stayed in i.e Holiday Inn, Marriott, Millennium and Raddisson. Staff were polite and helpful and only a short wait to check in and no waiting for breakfast or to check out. Eating in the immediate area was not so good for us as there seemed little choice and very expensive.	
Apr 8 2005	At Best Average	Staff was friendly enough but service inconsistent (the Connoisseurs for example had markedly different levels of efficiency). Our room was okay but nothing to brag about, a view of the Marina instead of the Tower. As stated elsewhere, the location is the main thing going for this hotel. For that reason alone I would consider using this hotel again but I can't strongly recommend it.	
Apr 6 2005	very average and they charged me twice	It's a month on now and i am still trying to get the double-charge refunded to my credit card, in fact still trying to get someone to call me back at all...The check-in was a shambles, we queued for 45 minutes and had to call our restaurant to push back our reservation. The rooms themselves were ok, 2 of the party were in a standard room which was shabby, although great view of the bridge. The rest of us were upgraded and these rooms were better but still not worthy of the stars. The breakfast was edible, but we had the worst cups of tea ever, the staff also gave us the impression we were holding them back from something more interesting.We paid a very cheap rate so not a great loss, but had we paid full price we would have complained. I'd recommend the hotel for the location, but that's it. And check your credit card bill when you get home	
Apr 5 2005	A Hotel of two halves	The Thistle Tower is a hotel of two halves, the first 3 floor, have the most beautiful refurbished rooms, floor 5 where I stayed was in need of serious refurbishment, and resembled a 2*! The hotel is great if you are inn one of the refurbished rooms, but awful if not! Book with caution!	
Apr 4 2005 	Worst Hotel in London	God I hate this place. This is the preferred hotel that my companies Travel Agent books for us. The place is beyond description. The entrance is dowdy, the food is terrible and the rooms are dark and airless. The only reason this place exists is because of moronic travel agents who automatically book people in. If you have any choice at all stay in the Great Eastern in Liverpool Street or one of the new Holiday Inn / Travellodge hotels that have sprung up in the outer parts of the Square Mile / City. Infact if you can stay somewhere in the West End (the Waldorf Astoria is same price) and get the No 23 bus into the City. Avoid this hotel where possible.	
Apr 1 2005 	Truly a horrible experience	I have just returned this morning from a two night stay at the Thistle Tower, and i must say that, having stayed in mid- and high-class hotels around the world, this is truly the worst hotel service i have ever experienced.The hotel itself (i.e. the building and the location, as well as the general decor etc.) is definately inkeeping with 4-star quality, however, the service and food is simply abysmal.This pretty much sums up what i thought of the hotel, so for those who simply want a quick synopsis you can stop here; for those who want more, i have posted our full experience below.I was lucky enough to be able to combine a short business trip with a sightseeing trip for myself and my fiancee, and chose the Tower Thistle, since it was close to both the Docklands office where i had a meeting, and the major tourist attractions. We drove from the ferry terminal at Liverpool (approx. 5 hour drive) and parked in the hotel car park.- Check-in was an absolute nightmare. We ended up standing in the foyer for over an hour (after a 5 hour drive and a ferry journey) waiting while they attempted to check us in, because they had &quot;no record of our booking&quot;, after having booked on Expedia. At no point did they offer us any assistance, or even somewhere to sit down - they simply told us that we would need to pay £12 for internet access in order to contact Expedia and sort the problem out ourselves. We were finally able to get Expedia to contact them, after which they were able to check us in.- After the shambles at check-in, i paid £35 per night for an upgrade to an &quot;executive room&quot; - the room itself was pretty good, with a nice view of Tower Bridge, though i have seen a lot of bigger and better equipped rooms at the same price and star level. As previous reviewers have mentioned, the mini-bar was not stocked or switched on. The in-room high-speed internet access worked well, and was pretty speedy, though quite expensive (£15 per day - many hotels now offer it at no extra cost). We didn't notice any of the staining problems mentioned by other reviewers, were put on a non-smoking floor, as requested, and the bathroom was clean (this may have been because we upgraded our room, however).- The next problem came when we ordered room service. We ordered what we thought to be a very simple order of a plate of dressed nachos and a Coke. When it came, however, there was no Coke and the nachos were plain apart from a very liberal helping of cheese.- We went shopping and sight-seeing the next day, after a good night of sleep (the hotel is fairly quiet) and a mediocre buffet breakfast, but when we returned dying for a bath after being on our feet all day, we could not get into our room. I thought that perhaps my wallet had somehow wiped my keycard, so i tried my fiancee's - no luck there either. So i left my fiancee standing outside the room and went back down eight floors to reception, to find, after a 15 minute wait to be served, that our keycards had &quot;expired&quot; and would need to be reprogrammed. I handed over both keycards to be reprogrammed, and they were both handed back, with a promise that they would now be valid &quot;for two weeks&quot; even though i was checking out the next day, which made me quite uneasy about how many other people might have a key to that would open my room. When i got back to the room only one worked.- The next problem came the following morning, when i received a wake up call at 9am, that i most certainly had not ordered (intending to have a lie in before the drive home). Reception had no idea why we were given a wakeup call.- Since we were awake anyway, we thought we might as well take advantage of the buffet breakfast - we headed down to the carvery, where we had breakfast the previous morning. On arriving, at 9:45, the restaurant manager greeted us by saying &quot;breakfast is finished, you will have to go elsewhere&quot; and proceeded to walk away before we could even question why breakfast was finished before 10am, which is the published finishing time. He is easily one of the rudest hotel employees i have ever had the displeasure of meeting.- After a thirty minute queue, we eventually got checked out, and not a moment too soon. As we were checking out, it was evident we were not the only displeased customers - an American gentleman standing next to me was demanding his money back.Hope this is of use to anyone considering the Thistle Tower!	
Mar 30 2005 	Only positive is the location	I would agree with the last reviewer on this being the worst hotel in London if I hadn’t had the unfortune to stay at the Thistle Barbican the week before!I booked a double via Thistles website and check-in was swift and efficient, raising my hopes after recent stays with this chain, but when I got to my room I only had a single bed. I did think about complaining but I had a great view of the Bridge.After having a wander to get some food, I settled down to watch some telly only to find that there was no Channel 5 on which to watch CSi!! Channel 5 for those of you outside the UK is one of our terrestrial channels that every home in the country receives for free, but not the Thistle Tower! Greyhound racing was there in its place via Sky. Little thing, but really spoilt my evening.Mini bar was empty and not even on, there was not a single piece of literature on the hotel in the room so I have no idea where the gym was. Breakfast was ok but standard was more Jamie’s school dinners than 4-star hotel.All in all not good, but I did see the bridge open a couple of times which was quite exciting.	
Mar 28 2005 	Worst hotel in London	I was forced to stay here for 4 nights for business when all the other hotels in the area were fully booked. Staying here was one of my worst hotel experiences, The Thistle Tower should most definitly be a 2 star. Grievances:- Both hairdryers (one was a horrible wall-attached hose contraption) in the room broke. I took 2 days for them to replace them.- They don't stock mini-bars and told me to keep it &quot;hush hush&quot;- Bathroom was DIRTY and half the time I did not have hot water- Comforters had stains- Food is disgusting and takes about an hour to deliver- Staff is uninterested and unhelpful- I am a non-smoker, they put me in a smoking room. I asked to be moved several times (for some reason over 4 days they couldn't move me)- I tried to change hotels but once you check in - you can't leave without paying the FULL amountStaying at the Thistle Tower was truly a terrible expereince, I could write another page, but if you want a relaxing experience try the Great Eastern or the Savoy.	
Mar 23 2005	Beware of phone charges between rooms	Our family of 4 spent 7 nights at the Thistle over spring break, occupying two rooms. We were unpleasantly surprised at check-out to find that all calls between our rooms had been billed at over 1 pound a minute! Had we known that, we would have walked the short distance down the hall each time! Internet connection charges also seemed excessive at 15 pounds per day.	
Feb 13 2005	average but great views!	I have just returned from a romantic valentine's weekend stay at the thistle tower. Having read the reviews before hand i was VERY worried. I must admit the queues for checking out were terrible, but the staff were friendly, breakfast was great, and the views were truly fabulous. The rooms however were more than basic. 1980's decor that made everything feel very dingy. I appreciate i was staying in a standard room but for the amount i was paying and the fact that it is a 4* hotel i would expect ALOT more. The view was fantastic though and it did make up for the average room. I would stay there again for the great location and super views, but I would DEFINITELY take the offer of an upgrade next time.  Make sure you do not get put on the 5th floor, it really is average, but the hotel views are great. 	
Feb 2 2005	Truly woeful	I should start by mentioning that I have stayed at his hotel over 20 times in the past 10 years. Whilst other users have expressed dissatisfaction with the Tower Thistle on this website I had always received a reasonably good experience - until this weekend. I checked in on Sunday afternoon - for £168 I received a &quot;standard single room&quot;. I was offered an Executive room for an additional £30 but I declined. Breafast was not included. For my £168 I had a room over the airconditioning machines. I turned on the tv and but the remote control did not work. A new remote control was ordered which worked for the evening. This broke the next day. (Two days, three remote controls). The first evening I had dinner in their carvery restaurant. The sign on the outside mentioned &quot;Early bird - leave by 7&quot;, cost of c.£15. When I received the bill it was for £22. The waitress advised that the early bird tariff only applied on Monday-Saturday. I paid as I could not remember the wording outside the restaurant. However, I was right. I drew the manager's attention to this, who said that someone had put the wrong menu on display and the cost was £22. At no stage was there an apology.So in summary, expensive room, poor view, old remote controls and a restaurant manager who could not care less. But, I have not even mentioned my favourite incident. When the service guy came to repair the remote control I pointed out the state of the headboard which was covered in stains. His attempt to put my mind at rest involved stressing that the stains were old and not new. Phew what a relief!?!.Many people stay at the hotel to be near the Tower of London - my advice is to stay at the Tower of London, at least the staff are pleasant.	
Jan 3 2005	perfect location but...	I was in Londen for 2 days with a friend of mine. Problems occurred when we arrived at 9am in the hotel. A friendly girl gave us our room number and our card so we were happy to be able to check in that early. So I entered the room but I was rather astonished when I noticed people in the bed. They hadn't checked if our room was available. I have to say that the Thames bar is really nice because of the view. The next morning we wanted to have breakfast but there was an enormous queue. We only had 2 days so we didn't want to waste any time and went to Covent Garden to take our breakfast. In short: the location can't be any better but the hotel service could be a lot better.	
Nov 28 2004 	Very average - a lot depends on which floor you are on	I &quot;have&quot; to stay here a lot on business. Rooms do vary a lot from floor to floor. The newly re-furbished ones are great but the older ones are very poor. Breakfast service in particular can be slow with queues from 7.15 to 8.30am not uncommon. Checkout/in is always poor. Some of the views of Tower bridge are fantasic and there is a good selection of restaurants across the bridge along Butlers Wharf.	
Nov 24 2004	A treat away from home	My husband and I read the reviews about this hotel before we went and were quite nervous following some of the reports, however we were greeted by friendly, professional staff and enjoyed our stay very much. We would definitely use the hotel again and would recommend it to friends. I'm sure bad experiences do happen, but we were lucky. We weren't so keen on the expensive car park or the congestion charge.... but that's another matter!	
Nov 15 2004	Very poor	Having enjoyed a lovely stay at the howard in london, i thought i'd try another 5* hotel as a treat for my girlfriend. I paid out for the executive suite, and upon arrival i was asked if i wanted to pay £30 for an upgrade. Thinking that this would pretty much give me the best room in the place, i agreed. What a disappointment, the room was shabby looking, not much better than your average travelodge (which i happen to think represent good value for money) and the view was nowhere near good enough to give me my money's worth. The outside looks like an old office block in Slough and the whole place could do with general refurbishment as the furniture and carpets look very dated. I shudder to think what the regular rooms are like if an upgrade from the executive suite could be so poor. The food in the restaurant also left a lot to be desired, meaning every part of the stay was substandard. Do not make the same mistake i did...	
Nov 12 2004	Disgusted with the Thistle Tower	The room was very shabby, dated and very worn. The furniture , as well as, the woodwork was all badly scratched and uncomfortable. The bed actually had springs coming through the mattress which made sleeping next to impossible. When these complaints were brought to the manager his response was a nonchalant, &quot;Should have upgraded to an executive.&quot; This was a first and last experience for this hotel for me!	
Nov 11 2004	Wouldn't stay here again...	My room was terrible. It was tiny, smelled of smoke (it was supposed to be a non smoking room) and all of the furniture was very old. I was on the 5th floor, down the hall from the elevators and the noise was very annoying. The hotel is at the base of the Tower Bridge and across the street from the London Tower but that's it. There isn't anything else in that area - so forget about trying to get a bite to eat after 5pm!! This hotel is great if you want to overpay for a crappy room!!	
Nov 9 2004	other Thistle hotels are better	I have stayed is several of the Thistle London hotels - this is by far the worst! Although it somehow has a higher star rating than some of the others.Very dingy room, looked like it hadn't been renovated since the 1970's. The lifts are terrible - always long delays (or it arrives and is already full), especially around breakfast/checkout time.Breakfast I found good - good selection &amp; good qualityThere are MUCH better Thistle hotels at similar price (and more convenient location) : Kensington, Euston, Marble Arch.	
Sep 28 2004	Thistle Tower: great location great rooms great service!	I have had only very positive experiences with the Thistle Tower! (And all Thistles, for that matter!) Upon arrival, the doorman and the bellhop great you and ask if you need assistance - just about the time you are ready to fall asleep on your feet from the long flight over. The concierge desk is to the right and the coffee shop to the left. The concierge can answer just about any question you could possibly dream up and set you up with a booking to just about anything you might want to do. Even when traveling with a friend, we have always taken advantage of the Executive Single rooms...which, if you check from time to time a few months before your vacation, almost always fall to a price of less that 50GPB per night. You would be hard pressed to find a twin or double room for less than 100GPB/night in such a great location! Plus, it is so nice to have your own shower and to be able to &quot;decompress&quot; and preapre for bed on your own after spending the entire day with your traveling buddy! Plus, you can't beat looking out of your giant window to Tower Bridge which is only about 50 yards away! In my experience, rooms are kept impeccably clean and if you require assistance, as I once did with my room safe, a manager was dispatched within minutes! We have always been seated and served promptly at breakfast and the food has been just what we needed for a taste of Britain and a great way to start the day. Then, to get to some of the best tourist sights, all you have to do is fall out the door and Tower Bridge or the Tower of London are, literally, right there. And, when you are ready to see more, ijust zig-zag back and forth acorss the Thames to Shakespeare's Globe, St. Paul's, Gabriel's Wharf, the London Eye.....and on to Trafagar Sqaure. But, if you need a taxi cab - there is sure to be a line of professional black cabs waiting right outside the front door. During my last visit, I caught a cold (from the germ-y plane I can only imagine) and the Thistle Tower had a store that had all the cold medicine and everything I needed to feel better. I travel very frequently and I am fully aware of the difference in standards in American and British hotels, but even by American standards, the Thistle Tower is a wonderful place to stay when visiting London. The staff is pleasant and helpful at all times. I'm going back in December and will be staying at the Thistle Tower for the first few days and at the Thistle Victoria when we return from an excursion to Paris....but only because the Thistle Victoria is so conveniently located to Victoria station that we can fall out of the hotel and into the Gatwick Express to the airport. My only advice is this: if you think that the Thistles might not provide the quality that you desire...upgrade to an &quot;executive&quot; or &quot;superior&quot; room - which are usually not that much more if you use -----------------or the --------------------websites and I know that you will be pleased.	
Aug 13 2004	Would never stay again	Found this hotel to be very inconvenient for many areas one would wish to visit. The underground was at least 1/2 - 3/4 mile away. The hotel, at least our floor, was dim and gloomy and the room was just OK - nothing special. The English breakfast was unappetizing - watery scrambled eggs and poached eggs that were hard. Best to stick to croissants or rice krispies. A/C in our room needed adjustment and after reporting it twice, had to go to the manager to have it remedied. Would never stay there again.	
Jul 28 2004	Those 5th floor rooms must cost this hotel a lot of repeat business	As my business brings me to London occasionally, I've stayed at the Tower Thistle several times. The fifth floor is what you'll get if you take the standard internet deal and those rooms are the pits! I don't know why they keep them like this- it must deter so many customers from ever going back- maybe they have so much business they don't care. The thing is to book a deluxe or executive room or get an upgrade when you get there- at all events, don't accept 5th floor. Kick up a row if you have to- it generally works and the manager is quite decent!! On the good side, the views are great- make sure you get a Tower, river or dock view. The Carvery produces acceptable buffet breakfast but though the service is pleasant the dinner there is a bit below par. The Waterwheel restaurant is better but can have its ups and downs. On the nearby dock, avoid the Indian wine bar- very poor food. Go to Bengal Clipper instead or to the excellent Cafe Marche on Charterhouse Square, a short taxi ride away. Overall, I like this hotel for its views and riverside walks but you've got to be firm about your requirements and complain when you need to!!	
Jul 7 2004	Enjoyed the Thistle Tower Hotel	Just returned from a week in London. Was quite pleased with the Thistle Tower Hotel. My single room looked out on the Thames and had a wonderful view of the Tower Bridge. Room was clean and quite comfortably furnished. The full English breakfast was delicious. The only negative factor: the Tube was about 4 blocks away. Two buses served the area and their stops were about 2 blocks from the hotel.	
Jun 15 2004	nice view needs updating	We stayed in the Thistle Tower a couple of nights in May 2004. The room needed updating as everything was slightly frayed at the corners and banged up. The entire hotel has a 1980's feel to it and it hasn't been renovated since then. The saving grace was that we got a nice view of the Tower Bridge from our window. 	
Jun 3 2004	Great Room - Great Service!	I have stayed at several Thistle hotels and have always been pleased with the service - but I particualrly liked the Thistle Tower. A friend and I each made a reservation for a single room using Londontown. I found the service to be wonderful and the room to be impeccable. For a single room (in the U.K.) it was roomy with a large bathroom. There was even a phone in the bathroom! Moreover, I found the concierge desk to be above averge. I needed to make several bookings and these guys knew everything and everyone. The breakast buffet was very....British....but, we got in without a wait and there was more than enough choice to make for a good morning start. The view from each of our rooms was, of course, spectacular as it overlooked tower bridge and the location was great for touring as we walked along the Thames stopping at the Tower of London, Shakespeare's Globe, the Embankment, and over to Trafalgar Square, etc. Sometimes this hotel, and all of the Thistles can be a bit expensive, but check the rates every couple of days and I can pretty much guarantee that sooner or later you will &quot;stumble&quot; upon a rate that is about 1/2 the normal rack rate - and you strill get the great service! 	
Jun 1 2004	Extremely unimpressed worst hotel stay in years	This hotel is terribly expensive given the following issues: Check in and check out takes forever, long lineups; the rooms are in urgent need of repair. worn dirty furniture, the bed was so worn (like a banana) that my back still hurts; minibar was not stocked, strange for a &quot;4 star hotel&quot;; TV channels come in and out and none of the interactive features worked; chamber maid woke me up despite the do not disturb sign activated; food in the restaurants was always served cold; worst tasting orange juice I have ever tasted; breakfast buffet a rip off at 16 pounds a person, all the food greasy and cold; ultra slow waiter service in restaurants; housekeeping slam doors all the time on the floors, very noisy; elevators are always busy and take forever; extorionate high speed internet access (15 pounds a day); All this for 150 pounds (300 USD!!!) a night. 	
May 30 2004	Mixed feelings	This was a nice hotel - perhaps for a business traveler. It is not terribly close to an underground station, and the staff is unfriendly. We did get a great rate on our room through lastminute.com - but we did not have any kind of a view to speak of - not sure if that was related to the rate we got on the room. The breakfast is fine - at least you can start with a happy tummy for a busy day in London. The bed was dreadfully uncomfortable. If we had it to do again, we would not stay here.	
May 28 2004	Avoid Rooms on 5th Floor at all costs	My husband was on business in London for a few days so we made the most of a weekend in London beforehand. We stayed in the great Kingsway Hall hotel for the weekend because of its fantastic location in Covent Garden and then moved to the Tower Thistle on May 17th becauses it was a handier location for business.We had booked a standard room and were given a room on the 5th floor - to say it was horrific for a 4* hotel is an understatement. It was smelly, dingy, old dark furniture that had peeled almost all over and that general feeling of not wanting to sleep in the bed! We asked to be moved rooms and were moved to a room next door whch was as bad and were eventaully moved to a 3rd room which was marginally better but still awful.We then found out that the 5th floor is the only floor in the hotel which hasn't been renovated. To cut a long story short we had a long long row with the hotel manager and reception manager who told us that in a hotel with 800+ rooms they had no where else to move us that night but would try to move my husband the next day (as I was going home). We spent an awful night in the hotel and they did move him the next morning - the new room was like something out of a different hotel!I travel to London frequently with my job and stay in 4* hotels all the time - what they offer as a standard 4* room is nothing short of disgraceful. It is actually misrepresentation when you read their site or any other site for that matter.	
May 26 2004	I won't be going back	I've stayed at the Tower Thistle on several occasions whilst my OH has been in London on business. We will never do so again.Because of the frequency of our visits, we were usually upgraded. But to what? The carpets were stained, wood and paintwork scuffed. Generally scruffy and in need of a bit of tlc. Room way too hot in summer. Supposedly has air-con, but we could never get it to do much. Had to demand a fan. Check-in/out a disaster EVERY time. As someone who worked Front of House in hotels for 9 years, I despaired at the lack of training/efficiency of the staff. It always took forever. There was usually something on the bill which didn't belong to us.By far the worst thing I encountered was the elevators. 4 to service an 800-bed hotel is not enough. At busy times - every morning - we'd have to wait a ridiculously long time for one to arrive with enough space for us to get in it. They also have a lot of large group bookings so the lobby &amp; lifts are frequently jammed with them coming and going.The best thing about the hotel is its proximity to a gorgeous restaurant called Lightship Ten in St Katherine's Dock.	
May 17 2004	Good views consistent hotel	I had the pleasure of a 10 day business stay at the Thistle Tower. The rooms were comfortable, well appointed, and clean. There seems to be a difference between a business room and traditional guest room. I would suggest, if possible, that you get a river view room. The view of the bridge at night is wonderful. I didn't bother to eat the expensive hotel fare, there is too much of culinary London hidden near by to eat expensive hotel food. Right up the block is a lovely underground/ale house called Davy's. Excellent food. Also, just a brief walk across the bridge (do it at night in the fog if you really want to step back in time to an erie London past) there are fine restaurants aplenty. 	
May 16 2004	Above average hotel in an above average location.	Our room was clean and nicely appointed. The view of the river was lovely but as one previous reviewer said, beware of the river view if you are a light sleeper. Those party boats that tour the river until the wee hours are really noisy. We too had a fire alarm incident and after reading other reviewers' comments, I gather that that is pretty common. (What's up with that?) Other than those two drawbacks the hotel and the room were great. The location was perfect for tourists. Between walking, the nearby Tube stop, local busses, and riverboats, you could easily get to anywhere you needed to be. Breakfast was hectic and cafeteria style but adequate and filling. We reserved our room over the internet and got a great deal. For us it was a perfect introduction to London. 	
May 15 2004	Nice location but must try harder!	Chose this hotel because of the location - which is great. St Katharine's Dock is attractive, and of course the Thames side is brilliant. However - the room was small for an &quot;executive&quot; one, with a slightly obscured view. The food on offer for breakfast at the two locations was not identical - which as I'm a vegetarian, and the missing items were mushrooms/tomatoes/hash browns, was a major problem - no-one warned us about this. It's also the only hotel I've been in that's mean about replacing toiletries. Check-in seemed to take about 3 times as long as it should. To cap it off, there was a false fire alarm - walking down 7 stories in the middle of the night is not much fun. 	
May 10 2004	Above expectations and with a view	March 2004, 6 nights. This hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations. Our room was on the fourth floor, wtith a fantastic view of the Tower Bridge. It's within walking distance of the Tower Hill station, with some fun restaunts at St. Katherine's dock. There's a Safeway around the corner as well, making late night snacks easy. The rooms were a great size with a large bed and the bathrooms were clean and had plenty of outlets. They even had a conversion outlet for US plugs. There's a television with cable and movie options. Our room was quiet, blue and yellow decor and good maid service. Continental breakfast was well worth the cost as you can easily fill up on the seletions. Went for dessert only one evening at the restaurant and the prices did seem high, recommend going to a pub instead. Do keep in mind it's in the financial district, therefore many restaurants close early and there's not a lot of night activity. This worked for us, great stay.	
Apr 29 2004	What a Let Down!	This is possibly, no scratch that, this IS the worse hotel it has evr been my unfortunate luck to stay in. I booked a weekend stay as a suprise valentine's present for my Partner this year. We supposedly had an executive double room with a city view, which cost us £125.00 a night. If anyone manages to locate this &quot;view&quot; could you please let me know as I don't seem to have found it yet! The room was shabby, dirty, old fashioned &amp; TINY! The bed was as lumpy as the welsh hills - not great for a romantic break if you catch my drift. The flooring in the bathroom was ripped, tiles were missing &amp; there were nowhere near enough towels. The scenes in the resturant @ the &quot;compilmentry&quot; breakfast were reminiscent of my schools day, lining up for schools dinners , being shoved and shouted @ by the bigger kids ( the staff). To be fair the breakfast was good and there was plenty of it. But what bugged me more than anything was the staff's complete indifference to any problems you had - it didn't matter whether you complained pleasantly or shouted the place down - they didn't give a shine stuff. The manager should wear a mask, stripey black &amp; white jumper and carry a bag labelled &quot;SWAG&quot;!! Do yourself a favour and don't bother - it ruined our whole trip.	
Mar 10 2004	Family Vacation at Thistle Tower		
Jan 13 2004	Great location-NOT good for shopping at weekends!		
Dec 7 2003	Great location!		
Dec 1 2003	Thistle Tower Review		
Aug 2 2003	Great views but ...		
Jul 11 2003	Fantastic Views		
Jul 8 2003	Comfortable/Modern Hotel		
Jun 25 2003	Love the Thistle Tower		
Jun 8 2003	Appalling Service		
May 10 2003	Top Location		
May 10 2003	ideal!		
Oct 31 2009 	Es un hotel muy recomendable		
Oct 25 2009 	wonderful		
Sep 15 2009 	fascino e amarezza!!!		
Aug 21 2009 	Tolles Hotel mit sehr freundlichem Personal		
May 14 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix !		
May 7 2009 	attention		
Jan 5 2009 	Bell'idea The Tower		
Jun 14 2008 	Super Views! Tolle Lage! Exzellentes Frühstück		
Jan 8 2008	C'etait une autre enseigne.		
Sep 29 2007 	Wir kommen 100%ig wieder!		
Aug 29 2007 	Wunderschöne Aussicht auf die Tower-Bridge		
Apr 14 2007 	exelente		
Mar 2 2006	Wunderschöner Blick auf die Tower Bridge.		
