	Was close to work was the best reason for being there	Room was finished to a terrible looking DIY standard. Shower curtains were marked, windows full of condensation and bottom of loo was brown. I had noisy room at the front onto main road. Wouldn't go back unless it was my last resort (and then I'd pay more to go elsewhere and travel into the office from further away.	
Nov 24 2009 	Depressing. Worth paying a bit extra and going elsewhere.	The room was grim - there were brown burn marks on the shower curtain. It was clean though. For central London the hotel was cheap and the location was great. However, for what you get it wasn't good value for money and I would definitely prefer to pay an extra £20 and stay somewhere less depressing.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good value although not many facilities close to hotel	The hotel is fine, clean and basic but that's all you're paying for with their low prices. There was TV, tea/coffee and towels in the room. You have to provide your own tolietries and hairdryer but they tell you that in advance on their wesbite. The staff were fine and the buffet breakfast was nice enough.Biggest disadvantage is the fact that there are little to no bars/restaurants close by, we arrived late on a Friday night and the only place we could find was at Baker St and at that it was a kebab shop!!Would recommend if you were sure you weren't going to need a meal near the hotel!	
Nov 10 2009 	Depressing!	A long overdue review... Booked the Travelodge due to proximity to LBS (was attending a course) and value - sadly by the time I booked there was no early bird rate and I paid full price. Being a hotelier, wasn't expecting much in terms of service and luxury...but was depressed when I walked in the room! The size of the single room is appalling - like entering a broom closet! The plumbing needed dire repairs - nauseating smells even when bathroom was not in use... and mattress was super-uncomfortable. Missing amenities were not replenished and had to ask to fix the electronic key everyday. Only saving grace was location...but would never stay here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great value hotel excellent location.	After reading several of the reviews here I was really worried, however please note that since the majority were written this place has obviously had a real makeover. The staff were all lovely, friendly and helpful, The corridors were spotless and the room was a good size and obviously very clean and newly decorated. This is easily the best Travel Lodge I've ever stayed in. The bathroom had a real bath, not just a tiny shower cubicle and was tiled and newly painted, it was also very clean. The bed was very comfortable (some Travel Lodges have terrible beds that collapse when you lay on them) and the sheets and towels were clean and fresh. There was plenty of tea/coffee/milk provided.The only complaint is that it was late October and the heating still hadn't been switched on in the building. It was a little chilly in the room when I went there to relax for a couple of hours in the early evening but, surprisingly when I returned from my night out the room seemed much warmer so I didn't need the extra blankets the helpful man in reception had offered me when I asked about the heating.Anyone who complains about lack of toiletries and size of the soap bar is really just being petty. This is a Travel Lodge, you get what you pay for and who needs a large bar of soap when you are only sleeping overnight in a room?I would recommend this hotel to anyone who needs a really convenient (right next to Marylebone Station) London hotel at a low price.	
Oct 18 2009 	OK but a bit tatty and not usual Travelodge standard	Stayed here for the location - right near the tube station, near Baker Street with all its restaurants, easy to find, Marks &amp; Spencers near it open till late. Friendly enough man on reception. But although the room was large, it was a bit too plain and empty. Double bed, with clean sheets and one spare pillow. Kettle, two t-bags, coffee sachets, milk. Small TV on wall. Two large clean towels, in a tired old bathroom, which was a bit dirty, very old fittings, badly added sealant around bath and paneling falling apart in places. No hairdryer. Small bar of soap and two plastic cups at the sink. Nothing special. A place to hang up clothes, but no drawers. A desk and chair. I wouldn't go back again - expensive for what you got. Really nothing special. And the fire alarm that went off my mistake on Sunday morning at 8:30, then again at 8:40 didn't help much... and we weren't even sure what to do.. it was only on for a few seconds each time, but enough to wake us up!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Hotel Review	great value for price, given that it is perfectly located in the centre of london, and is few min away from all nice streets, oxford,etc...	
Oct 14 2009 	Convenient location	Pros: Excellent location right off the Marylebone Underground stop. There's a small Marks &amp; Spencer grocery store nearby so we were able to buy food conveniently. The room and bed were large and clean, but pretty bare-bones. The food prices in the restaurant weren't bad, either.Cons: We had to ask for more towels twice and ended up having to take them up ourselves from the front desk. We had to pay 10 pounds for early check-in because there were no left-luggage facilities and we didn't want to sit around in the lobby until 3 PM. As it was, I had to leave our luggage with my fiance and go get us sandwiches from M&amp;S while we waited another hour for our room. And there's no internet in the rooms - just 2 computers in the lobby which charge a pound per minute.And maybe it's just the British version of customer service, but the staff didn't exactly wait on us hand and foot. However, when we got our bottle opener stuck in a bottle of wine, the bartender laughed and opened it for us.Bottom line: handy location, not the best value, plan your arrival time carefully.	
Oct 9 2009 	One of the better Travelodges	Stayed for 4 nights in total either side of a Holiday from Heathrow (cheaper and easier than staying &quot;on airport&quot;) Staff friendly enough for London. Given a largish room overlooking the side of the station.Clean modern and functional.The king size bed was a little of the cheap side( mattress) but slept ok saying that.The best thing about this place is its so handy for the station and more importantly the tube(when you have suitcases!) Its roughly 15-20 meters from the tube to the hotel. There is an M&amp;S in the station so very easy grabbing a couple of croissants for breakfast without forking out £7 ish for the hotels breakfast.Defiantly one of the better Travelodges.	
Oct 5 2009 	Shocking customer service - went from being a great stay to a terrible one!	We stayed in Travelodge Marylebone for 4 nights in September. We had booked a few months previous online, booking their saver rate rooms for a great price. It wasn't the easiest booking system to use - you couldn't just punch in your start date to end date for the cheaper rooms - you had to book each night individually and hope you were given the same room for the entire stay. We thought we had booked four nights, but somehow managed to only book three. Problem was that we weren't aware of this and nobody let us know until 4pm on the day we were supposed to leave! Yes, I realise this was our mistake, but when we checked in the receptionist asked how many nights we were staying, we replied 'four' she then went on to say 'so checking out on Tuesday 8th' which was correct so we had no reason to think that we had booked wrong.Each day we had to go back and get our swipe key reprogrammed which was no problem. On the Monday (the day before we were leaving) we got back at 3pm, got our key reprogrammed and went back to our room. We realised we only had one towel, so my friend went back downstairs - she came back a few minutes later saying we weren't booked in for that night and if we didn't pay £100 for that night straight away we would have to leave and pay a late check out fee. I found this very confusing as just an hour before we had been at reception getting our key reprogrammed and nothing was mentioned!We went downstairs and spoke to the girl on reception who was extremely rude to us, so we asked to speak to the manager. The manager has obviously no idea of customer service as he too was extremely rude, raising his voice several times, all in front of other customers. We admitted that obviously we had made a mistake with our booking, but we couldn't understand how it hadn't been picked up until late that afternoon - if we had been told at check in we could have easily arrange alternative accomodation for the last night. At 4pm though, that was a little trickier. He would accept no responsibility despite us being told at check in that we were there for 4 nights. He told us that the receptionist would have had no way of seeing how long we were booked in for (??) and she would have taken our word for it! In the end we had no choice and had to pay for that night's accommodation. He would not budge on the price, charging us the walk in rate, despite us having stayed there for the previous three nights.As with other people who have reviewed this hotel, I found making a complaint extremely difficult, and all I got in return was an email from the manager saying he did not mean to come across an confrontational. No apology and nothing to try and smooth over the situation.This hotel went from being in our minds a great one - because it does have a lot to offer in terms of location, price etc. to a terrible one. I would never stay here again based on the extremely poor customer service.	
Sep 23 2009 	great staff	stayed here september 21st firstly this was the cleanest travelodge i have ever stayed in and the staff were really helpful and friendly the lady even called &quot;thank you for staying with us&quot;.we check in early and paid £10 extra and it was nice the receptionist gave us a option of floor.After a small mix up with our room we were offered a free breakfast.breakfast would have cost £7.50 each but I must admit the breakfast was not too good.we would not want to pay £7.50 , when theres a wetherspoon pub at baker street 5 minutes away serving breakfast.all in all will good back its a great location right near madame tussauds and only a 10 minute walk to oxford street.	
Sep 22 2009 	Average hotel average value for money	The Travelodge Marylebone was a convenient base for us as we travelled to Marylebone station on Chiltern Railways. Apart from this advantage, thearea is a little way off the public transport network and we spent a fair bit of time waiting for buses.Staff at the hotel were very efficient and gave a warm welcome by Travelodge standards. The room was basic and rather austere, but did benefit from a full size bath, however the hot water was very warm, not hot!This £80 a night hotel becomes more like £95, when you factor in the cost of breakfast and left luggage at a local station (£16!). Why can't Traveldodge offer this service for free, like so many other hotels?	
Sep 15 2009 	Priced right for what you get....	Stayed here for 3 nights...room 413.....comparing room size with other hotels I've stayed in London this was ok. Rooms were nice and tidy and perhaps because it was on the 4th floor it was not as noisy as i had anticipated having read some reviews. there are no airconditioners in the rooms and may not be the best choice in summer. the furnishing also needs some revamp if the management want to avoid future ratings goings south	
Sep 15 2009 	Dreadful - Replace the mattresses. V Poor customer services.	Stayed there 9 Sept as had a meeting very early next morning (early enough to prevent getting train up from the West country), PA booked the (single) room for me. Normally I have no problem with Travelodge (though prefer Premier Inn) and have stayed at many around the country - most budget hotels being better than the average 3* to be honest. Anyway, arrived and checked in to my room (604 - I think) having unpacked, layed out on the bed and my god, what a bad mattress - thin and wires/springs very evident and noisy and it slumped into the middle. Went to reception and was allocated another room (601?) - same problem - though not as bad. Went to reception, allocated 608 this time - guess what? Yep. So back to reception for the fourth time and given 611. Finally one that seemed okay (in relation ot the others) so I took the room. I say room because like all the others I was offered they were tiny - about 2 foot wider than the single bed and 5 foot longer? More a dorm. Okay its a travelodge but as I say, I stay at many budget hotels and never before have I seen rooms as small as these, especially when the cost was £105. Back to 611. Tried to get sleep - very poor night - the matttress slumped to the mddle (though not as much as the others) and I tossed and turned most of the night - got about 1 hour at a time. Result - one very tired and irritable guest. Breakfast didnt help - again, you have limited expectations as its a budget hotel but this was bad. cold, anaemic , watery scrambled eggs, cold overcooked bacon, overcooked and thus rubbery sausages. You get the idea.IF this was a Premier Inn, I wouldnt have had a problem with gettign a refund under their guarranteed good nights sleep, In this case I started with the website - no help. Every time I submitted a complaint the website went down and I lost my commentary (I did however remember to copy it before pressing submit the second time). No, it wasnt my machine as all the other net functions I was running were fine. Then tried to phone. Followed all the options and ended up with someone who, after I explained the situation, said &quot;This is booking, I cant help you.&quot; So having asked for complaints telephone no I get &quot;Sorry sir this is Barcelona I dont have that&quot;. Eventually used contacts to phone the press office and the communications director's office to get the phone no for complaints - boy do they ever like to make it hard. I must admit that when speaking to the Press Office, the phrase Barcelona and Fawlty Towers came out. The complaints person was told the story and how, had I not paid over the net, would have refused to pay for the room. Was told it would be investigated. Oh joy, an email arrived later from the manager of the Marylebone saying that yes there ws a problem with the mattress in one room but not the others. That is it. No apology, no offer of refund or compensation - pathetic. As I said, I use Travelodge and the others a lot. Never had to complain before and always had a good/acceptable (what do you want from a budget hotel eh?) stay and never had to compain. Following this disaster, especially the attrocious customer services experience, I will be giviing preference to Premier Inn and Travelodge will be lower down the list. Yes, sometimes things go wrong. Treat a compaining customer correctly and you will keep them or get praise from them for hwo you handled it. If you bodge that then you alienate customers and get bad PR.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great for Wembley Ideal for London	Stayed here for the U2 concert, turn right out of Marylebone station ( which is nice and quiet ) and it's only 100 yds away. Stayed on the 2nd floor overlooking the main street and didn't hear any traffic ( and I sleep light ). Arrived 11.30 am and paid £10 extra for an early room, reception said to come back 12.30pm. We walked 15 minutes to Regents Park, ate a picnic and returned to drop our stuff off. Although it's by the station, it's a very quiet part of London, yet only a slow 10 min walk from Tussauds. Didn't eat here so cannot comment. Staff we had contact with were nice and friendly. Room was fine, bed was comfy and flat screen telly on wall ( it's a travelodge, people, NOT the ritz ). In the station there is a good sports bar, m&amp;s food place, burger king, paul ( a french patisserie ) and a cornish pasty stall. Also a couple of coffee bars. As it's on the Bakerloo line, connections are great. Charring Cross ( for Trafalgar Sq ) Embankment ( Tate Modern, London Eye ) Piccadilly Circus and Wembley Central. Chiltern railways run trains from Wembley to Marylebone with no stops, so within half an hour of the concert finishing we were back at the hotel ( I'm getting old ). I don't really want to recommend this place, because it may be booked up next time we want to stay. All in all, a great base for exploring London	
Sep 11 2009 	Great location and clean rooms	Would go back to this Travelodge. It's right beside a train and tube station with all the connections you need for shopping and nights out in London. It is very clean and rooms are a good size. The beds are comfortable. Breakfast is a bit dodgy but you can eat well in the station.	
Sep 11 2009 	SLEEPLESS IN LONDON	We decided to stay in london for the night after going to see england v croatia so we decided to stay at travelogde in marylebone.The location is excellent right next to marylebone tube station an 2 stops from oxford circus.We arrived at 2.45 pm and was greeted at reception and we wes given our key to our room which was on the 3rd floor.The room smelt fresh and clean and there was not a fault i could complain about the room untill night time...if you are a light sleeper like me then you will not get a wink of sleep,being right ne to the tube you hve all the comings and going of the taxi rank which was right outside our room at some stages of the night i thought i was on a rally excursion all we heard all night was boy racers and how loud there exhausts were and how fast they could go but apart from that no fault on the hotel side very clean and good location.We paid for a breakfast which was £5.00 each acs we booked online and got a discount,but i would say eat breakfast out the english brekky was not that nice for what you pay and there are lots of places to eat which are only 5 mins away.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great location for transport and the West End	My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights in June. The room was ok, it was clean and big enough. The location was excellent, Marylebone railway station was right opposite the hotel. A bus stop to get the bus into the West End was a few minutes walk away.The breakfast was good, plenty of choice. You could have a cooked breakfast or cereals if you wanted.The only bad thing I would say about the hotel is they lack irons! This is not the first time I have experienced this in Travelodge hotels. I would advise guests to take a travel iron with them. Apart from that it is a good hotel. Would definately stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Pleasant hotel easy access into City	We stayed 5 nights in this Travelodge and found it very pleasant .When we arrived the receptionist was very thorough and helpful, we pre booked at £53 a night plus £6 pppn for breakfast and evening meal ,our bed was comfortable with a bath toilet and basin . We were on the 4th floor right next to the lift the hotel was full but we heard no noise all night ,except from outside from the traffic .The location was great with the tube only 100yards and the Bakerloo line 10 minute walk away .Our first night was hot as there is no aircon but we asked the staff and they gave us sheets to use instead of the duvet . Breakfast was good with all you can eat cereal english breakfast toast and muffins .The evening meals were poor and not worth buying .Our experiencse was the menu was limited and what they did have half was not available When we brought this to the managers attention he gave us 5 nights refund of £60 which we then used at Weatherspoons on Baker Street 10minutes walk away ,this did not ruin our stay as the outcome was to our liking .Overall i would recommend this Travelodge we shall be returning to use it again .	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Value for the money! Great location! Great breakfest!	Me and my girlfriend really liked this hotel.Great location(half a minute walk from the tube), 2 minutes walk from tesco,5 minutes walk from baker street.Clean room with an LCD.Nice breakfest(all you can eat).Great value for the money we paid.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Location poor poor management	This particular Travelodge has a first rate location - just outside the Marylebone Station and right around the corner from the #453 and #2 Marylebone bus stops. The area is busy and seemed safe to us. We had no problems getting from the Piccadilly Circus Tube Station (after taking the Tube from Heathrow) to Marylebone on a bus - #453. There is a great little M&amp;S store in the station for snacks and sandwiches. The Cornish pasties in the little booth in the station are great and inexpensive. Forget about finding a place to park a car. I didn't see any parking places. Now the bad news. We stayed here 5 nights. The first 2 nights were on beds that were probably 10 years old. Hard and lumpy. Housekeeping had no idea that there were actually 2 people staying in a room with twin beds and left only towels for 1 person even after we complained. No cups or spoons. Missing TV control. Tea or coffee for 1 person. There also must be a severe soap shortage in the Travelodge chain. We got one bar which was the smallest bar of hotel soap I have ever seen. Very annoying. Plan on asking for extra towels and soap every day. The manager gets paid by the number of soap bars he gives out. As usual with Travelodge internet access costs a fortune, but they do have decent 1 GBP per 20 minutes machines in the lobby.We got moved to another room with better beds and further from the street the last three nights we were there. The towel problem followed us to the new room on the fourth floor. Street noise could be a problem on the first couple of floors if you are super sensitive. The windows block a lot of the noise out and the walls are not paper thin or else we had very quiet neighbors.The folks in reception were always polite and ready to help. No problems there. Cleanliness was acceptable. We deemed the food prices in the restaurant to be too high and not a good value. The food looked good and there was plenty of it even late in the morning the one time we went through the area.I would recommend this hotel based on its wonderful location. Its housekeeping is so poorly trained and managed it would be hard to recommend it otherwise.	
Aug 2 2009 	Avoid lower floors as tube is closeby. Not bad for money 	Our party was 2 adults and 3 teenagers, and we had 3 rooms over 3 nights. The staff were pretty friendly, and they were quite helpful, but there was a language barrier with several staff, who did not have English as a first language. So it was a bit of a struggle to communicate at times...The one room we were given (108) was very noisy at night, as it was right opposite the tube and also directly above the delivery bay, so it was very noisy at 5am; and we had actually phoned a few days before to request the top floor for ALL rooms, and the guy said he would put that request in.... And yet, we were put on the first floor, and told we could not have the top floor now, as 'the top floor is full..,' (Yet we were told that it would be fine to have top floor, when we phoned a few days earlier.) So this annoyed us a bit. - especially after ending up with a room right above the delivery bay. So there seemed to be a lack of communication there, or the person who said we 'could' have the top floor, could not understand us fully, or he did not make a proper note of it... So if you are staying, try and ensure you are put on a high floor... and if you request a higher floor, make sure you DOUBLE check on the morning of the afternoon you are due to check in.On the third day there, most of the stuff was not avaliable on breakfast, and we had to keep waiting for toast, sausages, plates, knives, milk, and cups; and the stuff we 'did' have was cool by the time the other stuff came. But when the breakfast IS all there, it's good value, as you can eat as muich as you like, of sausage, bacon, eggs, toast, cereal, yoghurts and fruit muffins; and you can drink as much juice and tea and coffee as you like too. Also, children under 16 eat free, so make sure you mention that when paying for your breakfast... 4 big breakfasts including drinks, for £15 in total, for 2 adults and 3 teenagers is worth the money. We ate at 10am, and didn't have to eat again til tea time!When we came for a meal on the first night, (in the bar,) some of the items on the menu were not available... we have had this at several Travelodges now, so they need to get their supplies in order here. AND in 2 of the rooms (112 and 108 I think;) the safety catch was missing from the window, so it could be opened fully. so this needs fixing.., As soon as you check in (especially if you are with children/teenagers,) check the safety catches, as it could mean the difference between life and death. If your window does not have one, ask to be moved to a room that DOES have one...Not overly happy with some things, but not overly unhappy as the staff were very nice and gave us anything we needed. Overall, the stay was just average; not dreadful, but not brilliant.. Must emphasise though, that none of it was the fault of the staff, and they were very nice, and the cleaning staff were very efficient and thorough. Basically for the money, it's worth it... but it is not brilliant. Very handy for tube and rail though.I probably would be more likely to reccommend the Covent Garden one than this one, as it is very close to tube and the west end (Leicester square and Oxford street etc,) and the rooms were better, it was less noisy, we got the floor we wanted, everyone understood us, and the food was always available and I could not find any faults... So I would have to say no to actually recommending the Marylebone one... as there are several others which are much better.. However, it wasnt AWFUL and for the money it was 'OK.'... If there were no other places available, I would stay again, but I would be more likely to look for rooms at the Covent Garden one. Even the Kings Cross Royal Scot one as really nice and well supplied with food and with a friendly atmospheric bar, but it's 15 minutes walk from the tube... that is the only fault with that one.... The best thing about the Marylebone one is it is 2 minutes walk from the tube and the railway station...And the staff were very friendly. It's OK, but would not be my first choice again.	
Jul 21 2009 	Comfortable stay 	Stayed one night in a single room. Room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom had a large bath which was great to have a soak in. Other than that it was just what I wanted for 1 nights stay in London and at a price of £30 for a Sunday night was good value.It is situated right next to Marylebone Station and yet is in a relatively quiet location. Access to central london is easy via the tube.The only down side was that there was no kettle in my room but once mentioned to reception this was immediately rectified.If you are looking for a clean and comfortable hotel in London at a reasonable price I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2009 	too hot too noisy checked out without staying	Only 1 positive. Good location for tube station. Too many negatives. Nearest car park £40 for 5 hours -24 hours. No air conditioning - far too hot and noisy, we checked out without even staying as it wasn't worth staying for a rubbish night sleep so drove home. The bathroom was VERY dated and needed ripping out. If I had stayed, I wouldn't have wanted to even use it. I think the other reviews must have been dreaming....	
Jun 21 2009 	Lots of good points and one bad one!	Good location, large clean rooms, small bathrooms but a bath, shower, toilet and sink so what more do you want. Beds were comfy and hotel was right next to Marylebone station. Breakfast was plentiful, cereal, bread, muffins, pastries, tea, coffee, juice and hot english choices like scrambled egg, sausage bacon etc. However you can get a cheaper breakfast at the station or at a cafe a two minute walk past the station called Egg and Bacon. BE WARNED, we asked three times for an iron and they didnt have one so invest £10 in a travel iron and take one with you. Overall an enjoyable stay in a good location. The 453 bus goes from the station to Oxford Circus, Trafalgar Square so a handy bus if you dont want to use the tube.	
Jun 20 2009 	Roomy comfy 	Located just next to Marylebone Rail/Tube Station, or a 10mins walk to Baker Street Station, getting anywhere is just easy. I booked my rooms early and got it at 49 pounds a night, but I believe rates can go to even lower to 9 pounds if you book it really really early, like 5mths before?! Nice cafe just round the corner (opp. Marylebone Station) that serves very good breakfast for about 4 quid. Prefer the bus? Hop on to bus service 453 which is also in the same area which brings you straight to Oxford Circus/Piccadilly Circus in about 15-20min, depending on traffic conditions. Marylebone Station is also where you take the rail (45min ride) to Bicester Village where designer brands are sold at knock-off prices - great location for the fashionista! All in all, I would definitely choose this hotel if I return to London again!	
May 26 2009 	Unwelcoming uninviting cold - I won't be going back	The building was conveniently close to the station, but the welcome was poor. The receptionist preferred to write in his book rather than acknowledge me as I stood waiting. The room was cold as there was no central heating on because it was summer! No matter that English summer is unpredictable and this evening was cold. I slept well - the bed was very comfortable. The room was grubby in the corners, and the window runners filthy, but overall room cleaniness was ok. The bathroom basin plug was broken and unable to stay down. The light above the mirror had a hidden switch which I never did find. There were no toiletries other than one small bar of soap. Breakfast was a plentiful buffet, with a good selection, and pleasant bright surroundings. But again, no welcome. I was ignored by the two suited employees when entering. The first sign of civility was when the waitress approached, but all she did was ask for was the breakfast voucher - without any hint of a smile let alone a &quot;Good morning&quot;. Some lessons in customer care needed here.	
May 8 2009 	Jesus ... you get what you pay for ..!!	First the good points. Good central location, near the West End sights and very cheap. We booked a few months in advance and managed to get 3 double rooms for £30.00 per room.Now the bad ...Check in time is an unflexible 3pm. We turned up at 2.40pm and were told we could check in only if we paid a £10 supplement per room. They provide no facilities for storing luggage. We had a drink in the bar in the railway station and checked in at 3.05pm.The rooms are shabby, cracked tiles in the bathroom, peeling paint and wallpaper in the bedroom etc. Overnight the road noise was unbelievable. I once slept on the roof of a hotel in central Athens and heard less noise. How a hotel in a city centre can exist without double glazing (or even windows which are the same size and shape as the window frames in which they sit !) is beyond me.Another two plus points. The bed was large and comfy and the breakfast would have been extremely good value at £7.50 per head, had the hot buffet been hot. Instead you piled your plate with luke-warm sausage, bacon and scrambled egg before a very attentive (credit where it's due) took it into the kitchen to be micro-waved.If you can book in advance and you're used to roughing it then this is the place for you. If you get quoted anything over £60.00 for the room look elsewhere. There are numerous budget hotels which will offer better value for money than this place..	
Apr 23 2009 	Excellent hotel with a fantastic location.	I stayed here for 11 nights in July a couple of years ago and I absolutely loved it. The location is lovely because of: proximity to tube station, safety of area, off license down the street and all of the awesome food places inside the Marylebone station. The staff was great, they helped me with directions and anything else I needed. The breakfast was good, minus the fellow countrymen acting like jerks towards the staff. Good thing I wasn't with them. Overall, I would recommend staying here if possible.	
Apr 13 2009 	Ideal for an overnight stay	Good location and a clean. comfortable room which looked as if it had recently been done up. Nothing to complain about, and great value.	
Apr 5 2009 	I was very surprised with the negative reviews - I thought it was great!	I stayed at this hotel recently and I was very pleased with nearly everything. The location for starters is ideal - opposite Marylebone station where a good range of food is available. Simply Food at M&amp;S was really useful. We got a good welcome at reception. I was really suprised to see all the negative reviews - we had a small problem regarding the plumbing in the bathroom but other than that I had no complaints at all.The beds looked new and there was a fresh feeling in the room. We heard a lot of traffic all through the night but I had no reason to complain - after all I do not go to London expecting it to be silent! There was no problem regarding cleanliness in the room or throughout the hotel. I would fully recommend this hotel .	
Mar 24 2009 	Fine for a City Break	The hotel is just in the final throes of being refurbished at the moment, with new carpet being laid in the hallways. Its not a complete refurbishment - we had new beds, and new TV in the newly painted room - in the bathroom it was the original suite with new taps. The shower worked well though and there was plenty of hot water.The hotel is well located and we had not problem with street noise. Marylebone station is right across the road and has a M&amp;S which we used for snacks and breakfasts. There is no left luggage facility at the hotel or at Marylebone station,. You have to go to either Paddington or Euston stations. As long as you are looking for hotel that you leave in the morning and then came to at night to sleep, this will suit you fine.	
Mar 14 2009 	Very poor and overpriced for what it is.	For £92 I had an absolutely tiny room that was dismal and uncomfortable.The shower cubicle was so small you could hardly move.The sink was so small that I couldn't fill the kettle from the tap.When I asked for a shampoo satchet I was told that was extra cost.The whole hotel felt dingy and seedy.It was perhaps better than sleeping on a park bench but even that would be questionable in summer.	
Feb 9 2009 	Run down basic and shabby!	I expected Travelodge properties to be maintained to an acceptable standard...this one certainly was not!!The wooden shelves, bath sides and toilet tank were made of dark mahogany wood and warped really badly. Paint was flaking of the walls.The excuse for lack of towels, pillows and toilet roll was to 'save the environment'. They don't economise on price, so why limit the basics?No parking and difficult to find if you're taking the car.Good for public transport - near to Marylbone station and taxi ranks.On the whole: average.	
Feb 1 2009 	Never Again	Went in Dec 2008, the hotel is an old Ramada hotel that Travelodge have bought and put their name on it, first room we had was mouldy and smelt, we were moved to the third floor, no lamp shades on wallights in corridor and a few &quot;fist&quot; indentations in the walls.second room had no heating and the shower head kept falling off and again mouldy and smelt, had to stay because we had no were else to go.Must be the only hotel were i have never had a shower in the morning because i felt everything was dirty, we did compalin and were given a free breakfast.This was served by the man who we had just seen cleaning and the lobby, it was cold and tasted funny.The staff were very apologetic about the state saying that it was going to be refurbed in 2009 starting on the lower floors first, so if you do need to stay there ask if any refurbs have been done first otherwise give it wide berth.	
Jan 21 2009 	Substandard	We used this hotel for a night's stay so that we could catch a train early the next day.We use the Travelodge chain quite frequently because they are usually such good value for money. On this occasion we were disappointed. The weather was freezing outside and the windows were only single glazed and there was a lot of condensation. Also it was very noisy near the station, even on the 5th floor. There was a lot of mould on the bathroom blind and we did not like the look of the shower. It looked tatty and needed replacing.The bed was comfortable though and the linen was fresh and clean but we had only one bathtowel between us. The TV was very nice and modern. Since the key-cards were not functioning throughout the hotel, every time we went out we had to ask a member of staff to let us back in. They were very pleasant about it but it made unnecessary work for them. They expected this to be rectified in the New Year. One of the two lifts was out of order.The breakfast was not very special. The food was not hot enough and the toaster didn't pop up properly and the bread caught fire if we didn't take it out ourselves. Rather dangerous we thought.It is very convenient for Marylebone Station but unless it has a major make-over, we would not consider staying there again.	
Jan 14 2009	Great value for money	Having read reviews before arriving we thought the hotel was going to be awful, much to our relief it turned out to be brilliant value for money. We had a twin room on the 4th floor, (booked early and paying £43 a night B&amp;B). The room was a decent size and clean. Beds clean. Yes, it needs redecorating. Again the bathroom was clean, however the taps very, very tarnished, couple of chips on bath, it is tired and needs refurbishing, but everything worked and to repeat, everything was clean.	
Jan 5 2009 	Tatty and Run Down	I booked Travelodge based on good experiences at other Travelodges but sadly this hotel is tatty and quite run down. I don't think it has been decorated in 20 years and the room I had was not very clean. The only good thing about this hotel was the staff.	
Jan 4 2009 	At £19 per room per night it was good.	I booked this Travlelodge as I wanted somewhere in central London during the (Xmas sales) time between Christmas and New Year, but did not want to pay high prices.I travelled from Swansea at 8.30am and arrived in Paddington at 11.45am. As the room was so cheap, I had booked an early check in, and so was able to drop my luggage off at 12 midday and hit the sales straight away!! Oh yes, and see the Xmas lights and see the sights etc!I arrived at the Travelodge with my Son and checked in with no problems. The staff were very friendly but the Card - Key machine had broken, and remained so during our two night stay, so we had to be taken to our room by a member of staff each time we wanted to go in. However, this was never a problem, as there was always someone available to do this. I was allocated a decent sized twin room, which was clean and spacious. The windows on the bathroom were very old aluminium double glazing and did look shabby, but were hidden behind the big curtains. However, they did allow some traffic noise, which woke me up from around 6am both mornings. (I am a very light sleeper, and my son heard nothing)The bathroom was small but clean, although the grout was stained black around the bath. The shower was very good.The room was lovely and warm, as it had a large radiator which was turned up full. (You could control the temperature of the radiator, but after being out all day in December up full was lovely!) Loads of tea and coffee etc in the room, and this was replenished when the room was cleaned.The breakfast was an eat all you want hot and cold buffet affair and was really good. The breakfast room was a little small, but we got a table with no trouble. Breakfast cost £7.50, but children under sixteen eat free, which was great news for me, and even better news for my son, who is nearly fifteen and 5'10! As stated in previous reviews, the location is really very convenient. This was the kind of trip where you left the hotel in the morning, and did not get back until very late, so little time was spent in the room anyway.All in all, although I would not be happy to pay £90 per person per night for this place, this was a decent, clean room, with good beds and a good shower, conveniently located in central London for £19 per room. The staff were all very friendly and professional. For the price, it was very good value.	
Dec 27 2008 	Slightly run-down but dirt cheap	Very handily located about 100yds from Marylebone Station. Room was tiny, I'd inadvertantly booked a single - no room to swing a cat, but adequate. Was turned away from the hotel as I'd arrived at 1.30 and checkin was at 3.00 (normally they'll allow you to check-in early, but maybe my room wasn't available).The shower seemed a bit grotty (dirty grouting and cracked tiles) but did the job.I'm not complaining, as it was only £9 a night - as I'd booked it direct, taking advantage of one of Travelodge's regular &quot;book 3 months in advance&quot; promotions.	
Dec 15 2008 	ok for £29 per night	We needed a bed for the night near Marylebone station after going to an event at the O2, and £29 was a bargain.The double room was a decent size, although layout did not make best use of it (lots of unused space, yet if you needed to use the mirror and sit in the overly large chair no-one could get past!). The room was worn - broken lightshade, cracked tiles, but clean enough, and in a decent area.For £29 I don't think you'll get any better in Central London! However I wouldn't pay £80.	
Dec 13 2008 	Worst Travelodge I have stayed in	OK it was partly the time of year which meant that I had to pay over £90 for a single room with no breakfast included but that does not excuse all the other shortcomings. The room was far from generous in size compared to the usual travelodge room. It was in serious need of care, it was shabby, needed a good clean and a good paint. The furniture looked like rejects from other rooms and just did not seem as clean as it should be. The bathroom also needed a lot of attention as the shower did not work properly and it all needed a deep clean, fittings needed repair as well. This place really was a disappointment and has seriously damaged my confidence in the Travelodge brand. On balance I think that my mark of 2 for this place is a little over generous.	
Dec 12 2008 	Best bed in London for £29	This Travelodge is definitely one of the better hotels in the chain.Situated about a 30 second walk from Marylebone tube station, it is very easy to find. There is a Marks and Spencers inside the station which is very handy although a tad pricy but hey it's London.The staff were very friendly throughout and attentative.The room was on the first floor and we were very impressed for £29 a night! The bed was suprisingly comfy, the bathroom had seen better days but I'm not complaining at all. It was clean and smelt nice, and there was plenty of space to hang clothes and dump shopping.One small problem is that the walls are quite thin so if you have loud neighbours (which always seems to happen to me!) then you'll have to bear with it until you sleep.All in all I was very impressed and wouldn't hesitate to go back here, nothing fancy just a good comfy clean bed and a nice hot shower!	
Nov 24 2008 	Really scruffy	Standard Travelodge, the room was a good size and location good but it looks like it needed refurbishing a few years ago. In the entrance lobby the carpets are stained, you pass up the stairs past the out of order lift you notice the paint kicked off the doors. The walls are marked with the paper damaged. The radiator covers are broken. In the room the carpet is stained, paint is damaged, sealant around the bath is cracked and broken, the wooden surround around the light over the washbasin is hanging loose.Hotel prices in central London are outrageous during the week so £92 for this location didn't seem to bad to me until I stepped inside and found what a dump it was.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great hotel clean and good location	I have just stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. It is very nice and up tpo usual travelodge standards. Staff are friendly and helpful. room is a decent size you get a table with a big mirror and an lcd tv with freeview. The bathroom is a little bit small but doesent cause a problem. The beds are comfy and linen was in good condition. One thing to watch tho if you are staying more than 1 night and you want a fresh towel the cleaners dont change them even if there on the floor like it states i had to ask for new towels but the reception just give you them no problems. Its in a great location just 2 min walk to marylebone train station so easy to get the tube to were you want to be. We also went for a night out and was easy enough to get the night bus back to hotel it drops you of at baker street 5 minutes round the corner. I would recomend this hotel to my friends but i would say dont go expecting 5* luxury at travelodge its basic and thats what you get. Overall for £100 for 2 nights in central london bargin!	
Oct 8 2008 	Good place for a jolly	Just stayed here the one night for a gig in London.(Jimmy Barnes). Right beside train/tube station which is handy &amp; it's pretty cheap. £40 for a double/twin. Bathroom could do with a few tiles replaced but other than that it's clean &amp; comfortable. Good spot if you are away with the lads.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location no frills hotel.	Reception staff were very helpful on check in.Twin room on 5th floor. Shabby bathroom and decor but the room was very clean and the bed comfortable. The hotel is located next to Marylebone train / tube station and is very well placed for public transport. Didn't eat at the hotel so unable to comment of food.Not as good as the rooms in other travelodges I have visited around the country but at £49 per night in central London it is a good no frills option. Perfect if you just want a place to sleep! I would be happy to stay here again as the location is so good.	
Aug 31 2008 	Good location	Good size bedroom but the bathroom is so small! Not a lot of restaurants/cafes nearby but few steps away from the Marylebone railway &amp; tube station (Bakerloo line).Book here if you're in a tight budget and only if you can get a discounted rate (around £59). For a £59, it is a lot better and cleaner in comparison to other hotels/B&amp;b of the same price.	
Aug 3 2008 	Serves its purpose	Having read some of the other reviews, I came to the conclusion that either they were for the wrong hotel or I got very lucky.I stay in Travelodges regularly for business purposes and am quite happy with their no frills approach. I tried the likes of EasyHotel and they are just to basic so Travelodges are one step up.The location is very handy being next door to Marylebone Station.I was allocated a single room on the top floor so noise was minimal, the room was a little hot but there was a fan and a door onto a balcony which opened a reasonable amount to permit air through.The room was small (I've been in and seen smaller!) but enough for what I need - reminded me of many of the rooms you see in places like The Netherlands and Austria.The bathroom was fine except the shower pressure was a bit hit and miss - I eventually worked out that if the room next door was also taking a shower it vastly reduced your pressure.In terms of cleanliness, couldn't fault it.The breakfast was fine, no issues there.I think the point you must remember with the Travelodge brand is you are paying low prices for premium locations, it would defeat the object to increase the facilities and have to increase the cost. People always complain about not having this and that but this is always mentioned to you on the website when you book.	
Jul 26 2008 	Awful - spend your money elsewhere	I stayed here recently for work having stayed in other Travel Lodges that are good value for money. It was awful! If I wasn't so tired I would have checked out and gone somewhere else.The room was so small I could hardly get dressed without bumping into bed or table. Shower room and bedroom were just filthy - like a room that hasn't been cleaned for months. Mould in the shower, hairs in the tray - yuk! I didn't want to put my feet on the floor or touch anything. Staff on reception not trained to deal with this sort of thing - felt sorry for them as obviously didn't know how to respond except to say 'other people like it'.	
Jul 23 2008	This is soooo bad!!!	The only good thing about this hotel was the location. Spend a bit more &amp; don't stay here. We thought you couldn't go wrong with a Travelodge.....boy were we wrong. On entering the hotel, there is brown patches on the ceiling &amp; the hand rail is swinging in the wind. The reception is a sort of hatch with a grubby bench in it. I felt so sorry for the staff, they know how bad it is. After going to our room, I asked to see another as the desk was hanging off the wall, the bathroom was mouldy, so were the curtains. I was given three cards to different rooms. They are all the same....very small, very shabby &amp; very dirty. What ever you do, don't lift the sheets off the mattress, or the mattress off the bed frame, yuk. In the end I settled for a room, as I was losing the will to live. Should have looked better, as there was a hole the size of a football in the bathroom ceiling, with lots of thick black mould around it...lovely. A nice piece of someone elses chewing gum next to the bin just topped it all. Many thanks Travelodge.xxxx	
Jul 13 2008 	Hot hot hot	The room was a twin over looking Marylebone underground station. Excellent location (especially for Lords Cricket Ground) Excellent value, breakfast was nice and woth the £7.50 however the bed room was far too hot and made it difficult to sleep which spoilt the stay which was a shame.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good location fair price.	Single room was very small but clean and well decorated. Good location right by the station and near to Baker Street. Would recommend.	
Jun 23 2008 	Small small small	It's been said before but I'll say it again, the single rooms are small! I had to close my suitcase to make enough room to open the door to get out. The bathroom is a wet room with shower. Mine filled the whole bathroom up with water which did not drain away for some time.The rooms are scruffy, the only plus point was a nice tv. I guess the location is convenient, but don't pay full price, it's really not worth it.	
Jun 5 2008 	Agree with Other Reviews!	It is always difficult to review a hotel when your own experience is often focused on the particular accommodation or room you stay in.We were given a first floor room looking directly towards Marylebone station. Good view! But...It was not a warm day (about 18 deg C), but the room was baking. Windows had restrictors for safety, which restricted air movement. Fan provided, but was very sick! Naturally, no air conditioning. Having the windows open had the negative effect of noise - late night revellers, emergency service sirens, early moring rush and bin men. Not a good nights rest.The en-suite was similar with a shower that showered everything, making it a very &quot;wet&quot; room!!The bedroom was VERY tired, indeed close to being a refusal to stay. We did not stay in the hotel for food - there are some good places nearby towards Oxford Street.The location of this hotel is very good, but seriously let down by its poor condition. Not recommended until refurbed.	
Jun 1 2008 	The bones of a little gem are there shame about the skin...	We actually stayed in this hotel about 4 years ago when it was a Ramada Jarvis, so we knew that the location was excellent, and our first stay was very positive. We booked a room at £49 per night (it was half term so rooms were no cheaper) which for London is a steal. The staff were really helpful and as said before the location is spot on, but the rooms have definitely gone down hill since our last trip. The rooms have been given a half hearted rebranding, but there are still the same old desks, the lift still has Ramada logos in, and the bathrooms are crying out for a refurb. The rooms have got very scruffy, and the whole hotel would benefit from a complete facelift.If this refurb took place, we would defintiely be regular guests. The loaction is fab, staff are attentive, and the breakkie cheap. But until it is smartened up, we won't be going back.	
May 28 2008 	Good location but tired	I stayed here three times during April in 2008 because of its location (2 minutes' walk from Marylebone station) and price (I booked early so got the £19/night deal). This Travelodge used to be a Thistle hotel so it's actually got some character, unlike most other 'modern' Travelodges. But, like all other Travelodges, it doesn't seem to be maintained in any shape or form.My first two stays were in rooms facing the train station, or rather the busy road next to the station. The room had only single glazing, so was noisy. On my third and final stay I requested a quiet room (I had to do this in advance, apparently) and duly found I was facing a side street and had double glazing. So it was a bit quieter.The stay was fine for the money but as I say the rooms are tired and worn out - the bathrooms are minute (even by UK standards) and on my third stay the integral sink plug was stuck down.I didn't use the 'bar' but the M&amp;S in Marylebone station is open until about 10 or 11pm and sells alcohol as well as the usual food.	
May 27 2008 	Good location great if you get a good rate.	Got a twin room here, staying bank holiday monday , 26th May, and booked well in advance on the travelodge website. Got the room for £29.Excellent value at that rate, but wouldn't want to be paying more than £50 per night for a hotel of this standard.Is basically a Ramada Jarvis hotel that has been bought by travelodge, but has not been refurbished.The rooms are at the end of their shelf life, bathrooms, windows etc are damp, and are extensively covered in mould.Beds etc clean, hotel directly opposite Marylebone station, so good rail and tube connections. Would stay here again if I could get a cheapo rate, but if you want something special for your london break, go elsewhere !	
May 21 2008 	Good Value 	This is a typical Travelodge &amp; if you can manage to book at the saver rate is extremely good value considering the location.It is right next to Marylebone station as well as on good tube &amp; bus routes.The area is pleasant &amp; as a solo female I had no qualms about returning at night.The members of staff at reception were polite and pleasant at all times. I didn't use the bar of restauarant so can't comment.The single room was tiny, but fine for a couple of nights. There was a shower room only which was also small but adequate. I was not aware of any noise either from the street or other guests and slept well The hotel is within easy walking distance of Baker St, Madam Tussauds &amp; Regents Park.The carpets &amp; soft furnishings are a little worn, but the place is clean.	
Apr 8 2008 	Not As Described 	Travelodges in London are generally of a much lower standard that those in other towns and cities around the UK but this one was dreadful. The advertised Bar Cafe was not really available - they were serving drinks but no food. A rather embarrassed member of staff offered to send out for a pizza for me, but the result was (a) more expensive than the Travelodge advertised equivalent, and (b) so dreadful that I would probably have derived more nutritional benefit from eating the box it came in.I am also seriously concerned about the maintenance in London Travelodges. When I got stuck in a lift in one in February, I thought that was just a one-off. After spending half an hour stuck in my bathroom at this place because the door handle broke, I began to sense something of a pattern. In the end the Manager had to break the door down to free me.Worst of all I have been trying to contact their Customer Services people for 5 weeks now and no one ever responds.For a few pounds more you can have a much better, safer experience elsewhere. That's certainly what I will be doing in future!	
Mar 13 2008	Travel Lodge Marylebone	My wife and I regularly stay at this hotel because It is ideally placed for the work that she does in London. However this hotel is in need of serious refurbishment. Some rooms are in a very sorry state, especially the bathrooms. We have decided to change to another Travelodge nearby just to compare them. Paul Quest	
Jan 14 2008 	Best Customer Service Ever	It is true after reading the reviews,you don't know what to expect at Travelodge Marylebone.Upon check in the staff were great and helpful, the room do looked old but their English Breakfast Buffet is the best for just £7.50per person.I have stayed in many travelodge but Marylebone Customer service is the best by a mile.Steven Benoit	
Jan 6 2008 	Overall a good experience	Having read some of the reviews on this site I was quite unsure about staying in this hotel and contemplated cancelling my reservation. It is true to say that some of the criticism is justified. Our room was shabby and in need of decoration. The room was noisy due to the busy road outside. The facilities, as with all Travelodge hotels, are limited.However, there were also many good factors. We were able to book this room for just £19 through one of the offers run by Travelodge (a bargain for anywhere, let alone London). The location was excellent - literally opposite Marylebone station. The check in staff were friendly and efficient. The room though basic was clean. If you want luxury accommodation don't stay here - but get your chequebook out. If you want a good value base for a night or two in central London this may just be the hotel for you.	
Dec 17 2007 	Needs Refurbishment	This hotel is badly in need of refurbishment. The extractor in the bathroom didn't work which probably accounted for the black mould all round the bath and tiling and the marks on the ceiling. The room had that tired, &quot;too many greasy take-away meals eaten here&quot; smell, chipped and marked furniture and marked paintwork. The shower fitting leaked, so when the bath was run, water came out of the shower head. The room was clean and fresh towels provided every day. On balance, this hotel should not rate any stars and I would not recommend it.	
Dec 8 2007 	Disappointing - even by Travelodge standards	Good location, but shabby, shabby, shabby. Room and bathroom desperately neeed refurbishing. Room was noisy and overhot, with broken control on radiator and windows which wouldn't open. Bath stained.All you could eat breakfast, but food cold and gave impression of having sat around for some time despite turning up within 5 minutes of advertised start time. Coffee machine in dining room didn't work.Staff friendly.	
Nov 29 2007 	Cheap as chips	I just needed a cheap overnight stay in London and managed to get a £26 Saver rate at the Travelodge Marylebone for a Sunday night (TOP TIP: the Travelodge website tends to have good availability for London on Sunday nights at the cheap rate - this is the third time I've booked) . The room was massive compared to others I've stayed in - it was a twin and there was plenty of room. Everything was clean and worked OK but there were a few dodgy bits where the attention to detail wasn't up to much (see pics). There wasn't anyone on reception when I arrived and after waiting for a while, I found someone in the downstairs bar who wasn't in any hurry to check me in. Didn't bother with breakfast.It's in a great location though - right next to Marylebone Station so dead easy to find and good connections. I walked from the hotel down to Baker Street, Marylebone High Street and Oxford Street and it's a pleasant walk so ideal if you want the shops/Madame Tussauds/etc.	
Nov 3 2007	Always a Great Choice	This is our third time staying at Travelodge Marylebone. We love the location, just steps outside the tube/train station and our rooms have always been clean and comfortable. The traffic noise was somewhat more noticeable this time around, but definitely tolerable. We had a broken radiator, so the room was quite warm, but those type of minor inconviences are fine when only paying 26 pounds for the room. I'd definitely recommend this Travelodge in London.	
Oct 31 2007 	Don't do it!!	Stayed as a last minute, had been warned that hotel was being refurbished but wasn't prepared for something loosely termed as a room. The heating was not working due to a radiator being broken, lights were missing, tiles damaged the sink was broken etc mould covering the walls in the bathroom. If it wasn't for the fact we couldn't get anywhere else we would have moved.... When we asked about heating we were given two blankets that looked like they were donations, unwashed and covered in stains looking mysteriously like blood. nice!	
Oct 30 2007	Great but don't book a single room	This is my preferred Travelodge when staying in central London. Although it is starting to look a little shabby and the bathrooms really need a refit it isn't as soulless as some of the other Travelodges I have stayed in and is good value for central London. The twin and double rooms are a good size and the bathrooms have baths rather than just a shower. However, don't book a single room here. My company travel agent had made the booking for my most recent stay and had only booked a single room. The room was extremely small, with barely any room to move, let alone space for luggage. These rooms should not be the same rate as the twin and double rooms. However, the reception staff were very helpful and I was able to switch to a twin room, but only smoking rooms were available. I would say this was a worthwhile compromise.	
Oct 28 2007	Good location but needs a coat of paint!	I stayed here last week booked 2 rooms for the £26 rate on the travelodge website. I have stayed in a lot of Travelodges and this is my 3rd visit to Marylebone.Check in was easy at 3pm, very friendly helpful staff on reception. At first i was given room 310, and my friend has 313. 313 was fine but 310 was very damp - the window was dripping in condensation and the curtains felt damp, I went back to ask if another room was available and ended up in the room ive stayed in the past 2 visits 414 which is in a quieter location not overlooking the road.The bed was so comfy a really good matress! The room was clean, but the heater did not work. There was a spare pillow and bath sheet in the wardrobe space and nice flatscreen tv. The bathrooms are in need of re furbishment here - shower was fine but this hotel is looking scruffy now - peeling parer on walls in the corridors and scuffed woodwork/paintwork. Lots of mildew in the bathrooms but all Travelodge hotels are due a refit now.Its a great location - opposite Marylebone tube/station with Marks and Spencers food store open til 11.30pm, other good coffee shops and a soup/juice bar within the station and cafes nearby for cheap breakfast. I never eat in Travelodges as Im vegan so nothing id eat there!I had a very good nights sleep and would stay there again, the staff are very helpful and professional there, my friend had problems accessing her room and the manager and deputy were available straight away to help. As with all Travelodges no left luggage - we got the 205 bus to Euston to leave our bags, the museums have left luggage for £1 too.I find this a good basic hotel yes its scruffy but our rooms were clean and the £26 rate is very good!	
Oct 17 2007 	Shoehorned into the Travelodge	My wife and I stayed at the Marylebone Travelodge last night, each of us in a single (me in 116, her in 215). It's been said elsewhere but it bears repeating: the rooms are tiny: two steps in any direction and you're at a wall. Shoehorned into the room is a bed (smallish, with an OK mattress), a desk, a TV (8 channels only but flat screen) and a cupboard of sorts. The bathroom is tiny too. I'm six foot three so I felt like Gulliver. The outlook is the back alley. The towels were thin and a little damp, there was no shower mat and no soap, shampoo etc. This is minimalist lodging.I don't like the Travelodge very much, but I admire the management for getting 85 pounds a night for so little space, and amenities that feel shabby (except for the TV !). The doubles might be nicer, but were all taken as the price is supposedly the same for all room sizes.The hallways are tight, and there is an odor in the air which is hard to describe, but certainly is not pleasant.The staff were pleasant at check-in. Still, the desk cannot take a reservation for a future date (you have to go to the website or call), which seemed backward. I was also a little disturbed to notice that when I walked through the lobby (also tiny) at 9p.m. there was no-one at the desk. Anyone can just walk in and slip up the stairs unnoticed.Yes, the location is great: right next to Marylebone Station, and my room was relatively quiet (but I was on the back and wondering how I would get out of my room in a fire). Speaking of fire (alarms), mine went on for no obvious reason at 9 a.m., screeched twice (I was dressed and ready in seconds) and then...nothing. Got my day started early so that's a positive. No word from anyone at the desk as to what had gone down.I'll never stay there again. Not truly awful, but not spic and span enough, too small, and too smelly. It just goes to show that in the hotel business location alone is not everything.	
Oct 10 2007 	The worst hotel ever	This hotel is by far the worst I've stayed at anywhere in the world.The bedroom was filthy, the furniture stained, the bathroom full of mildew, no extractor fan, no plugs in the sink/bath. The hallway and lift stank of damp. If I could have walked out I would have done. Never again.	
Sep 25 2007 	Phone the decorators!	Travelodge has just announced that it plans 20,000 &quot;new look rooms&quot; by the 2012 Olympics and I hope that this hotel has been penciled in for an early overhaul. The location is excellent - just beside the station and is safe and quiet - but the hotel itself is a bit on the shabby side and is looking dated and tired. The general areas are just ok but the rooms and particularly the bathroom of the one I stayed in, need a complete upgrade. The bedroom was clean and spacious but the ceiling was stained from a leak. The bathroom fittings dated back to another era. Water temperature and pressure were fine but the taps looked ancient and worn. Somebody had done an amateur DIY sealant job around the bath and the bath itself was chipped. More dampness was evident above the wash-basin area. I don't think that any amount of cleaning would make this bathroom look good. On a more positive note the receptionist was very helpful and he allocated me a room at 10 AM which was several hours before the hotel's agreed check-in time. It was good not to have to haul luggage around until 3PM. Check-out was also efficient. I got a reduced roomrate of £49 per night as opposed to the usual £80. It is definitely not worth the full rate. The Travelodges Farringdon and particularly Holborn are far superior. In future I would opt for those or the 3 Night Weekend Rate at Ibis Euston (Convenient, spotless and excellent value). Roll on the refurbishment programme.Travelodge Marylebone needs it-and sooner rather than later.	
Sep 23 2007 	Have stayed in better places.....	I stayed at this Travelodge for one night for work - being London Fashion Week pretty much everywhere else was overpriced so I managed to obtain a 'bargain' priced single room for £80... I have stayed at this hotel before with my husband and so felt quite happy to go back alone based on the fact that it has a very convenient location next to Marylebone station. Unfortunately that fact is about the only positive thing that I could say following this visit! I had a room on the first floor; there was an overpowering smell of air freshner which was trying to mask the damp smell pervading the floor. The carpet seemed wet so I'm not sure if they had had some sort of flood. Fortunately my room was dry - but it was one of the smallest rooms I have ever seen (I'm a hotel contractor so have seen quite a few!) - quite similar to a cell. The room was also dirty, the toilet broken and I couldn't bring myself to have a shower in the morning given that the fittings looked dirtier than I was (!) - and rustier.. All in all, I would say this hotel is a good choice only if you get one of the really cheap deals and don't expect a lot from it. It has a good location, but so do a lot of other hotels in London. Unless standards improve and the hotel offers clean, value for money accommodation, I certainly wouldn't choose to stay there again!	
Sep 22 2007 	Great if you like dead mice!	Hotel location is great, it is just across the street from the Marylebone tube station and about a five or so minute walk from the Baker St. line. The bar was nice and cozy and the all you can eat breakfast buffet is pretty well stocked with eggs, bacon, potatoes, yogurt, toast, fruit etc. etc. a pretty good way to start your day! If you can stay during the supersaver nights (26UKP) then I guess you could put up with the rusty fixtures, mold on the walls in the bathroom, a hard mattress, and I guess you could even put up with a dead mouse in your bathroom! I however, did not pay 26UKP I paid 49 UKP which adds up to $98 which is too much to pay for a room with a dead mouse in it! They were oh so kind (please note sarcasm!) and gave me 26UKP back! - I have since tried to contact them about this and they have refused to answer me. I guess all in all if you like rodents then go ahead and stay at this hotel  if however, like me, you dont particularly want to pay for a mouses room and board then maybe go and find a different hotel!	
Sep 18 2007 	Can't fault the location	the London Marylebone cannot be faulted for location! Checkin was smooth &amp; the receptionist pleasant. We booked 2 rooms - a twin &amp; a double.The double was adequate, though it was very disappointing to find that there was no lock on the bathroom door - there was evidence that there used to be a lock! The bed was a bit creaky but comfortable - the shower was good &amp; we had no traffic noise. The twin had the two beds pushed together - this was a little disappointing - the whole point of a twin room is two separate beds! We managed to pull them apart about 6 inches which improved things. The rest of the room was fine.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel, again preferrign the M&amp;S on the station!The rooms aren't large but for the one night we stayed it was absolutely fine. Again the location is GREAT!	
Sep 17 2007 	Absolutely fine would stay again.	Was a little worried about booking this hotel based on some earlier reviews, although the most recent ones (2007) seemed to be better. I'm glad we did, the room was what you would expect.... well it's just a hotel room, a little basic but it had a TV, tea &amp; coffee making facilities, a small wardrobe and a bath with shower. the bedding and bathroom were clean, the carpets and decor were fine and the lifts worked!We did have a small problem with an uncomfortable mattress on one of the beds in our twin room (dodgy springs). We asked for this to be changed which the staff said they would do, unfortunately when we returned we still had the same one, I spoke to someone at the front dest who apologised and moved us to another room with no fuss. Again this room was clean and tidy and the mattress was better!!In general the staff were also friendly and welcoming, similar to another reviewer we checked in at about 9.30am a good few hours early and the staff were most helpful, on checking out we asked about the luggage and were told that they didn't have this facility, some of the larger railway stations have this facility for a few pounds a day so it didn't really matter anyway.The location is absolutely A1, right across from the station/tube and easly walking distance to a few great places (Regents park, Tussauds etc.) Is short (too late eh!) when we come back to the city this is the first hotel I will check for price and availability, and I would definitely recommend this hotel for somewhere central and fairly cheap to stay in London.	
Sep 16 2007	Great for the price	Stayed here with my mum for one night while we were in London seeing a show. Was a bit concerned by some of the reviews as my mum is a clean freak and I didn't want to end up in a dirty old room. However, apart from grubby taps in the bathroom the standard of cleanliness was fine. The fittings are worn but it looked like there were new floor and wall 'tiles' in the bathroom, the beds were comfy with nice white linen and the shower was hot and powerful. We only had brief contact with staff (checkin/out and on returning from theatre) but they were friendly and smiley. I don't know London at all so use the tube all the time and this Travleodge is 4 stops from Picadilly Circus - mega convenient. As far as road noise goes - er, yeah, the Travelodge is on a road in central London so there are cars driving past it, but er, yeah, the Travelodge is on a road in central London. We paid £26 - I would stay here again at that price and probably even at £39 or £49 rate.	
Sep 13 2007 	Just about OK	My employer booked a room for me and was charged 106 pounds! I know that the booking was last minute and London was very busy - but this was a complete rip off! I was allocated a smoking room as there was nothing else available. The smell was quite unpleasant and, although a notice on the window said that it would only open to a limited extent (being on a high floor, I suppose) it did in fact open fully. This was fortunate as the room was desparately short of fresh air. The room itself was OK - but only just. It had definitely seen better days and all the furniture was dented or scraped or marked, as were the walls. The bed was quite comfortable - I have certainly slept in much worse. The room did not look very clean, but it was difficult to tell properly as everything was so old and worn. The bathroom was tiny and contained nothing but a small hard bar of soap. Some of the tiles round the bath were cracked, but it was reasonably clean. The shower (above the bath) was very ordinary, but the water was hot and the shower surprisingly powerful. There was no hairdryer in the room - fortunately I knew this was another Tripadvisor review. The corridors and lifts looked old and shabby. Breakfast was fine - juice, cereals, cooked breakfast, toast and tea/coffee. The hotel was well placed a stone's throw from Marylebone station and there was a good M&amp;S Simply Food at the station. I think the verdict is that if this had been a cheap rate (even though I didn't pay it myself) I would have been reasonably content. But for this price, it was a very bad deal. I wouldn't go back again.	
Sep 9 2007 	Cheap basic hotel.	I stayed here with my best mate in September for a girlie shopping trip. We didnt expect the ritz but there were a few problems that the hotel really should have dealt with. Starting with the bad points about this hotel, the bathroom in room 304 wasnt very clean. The taps were stained and grubby looking and the shower curtain mouldy. The skirting board on the boarders of the room was coming off and could have been tripped over if we hadnt paid attention! The room was quite hot, no air con and because of the height of the building the windows had opening restrictions so we couldnt really get a lot of fresh air. Our main grumble with travelodge is that they DO NOT LET YOU STORE BAGS! They have no luggage room, which correct me if I'm wrong, a hotel should have! This is NOT mentioned anywhere on the website, we only found out through reading other reviews! You need to drop it off at the train station and pay for the priveledge. Other than that, the location is excellent, right across the road from Marylebone station. Generally helpful staff based on the minimal contact we had with them. Check in and check out was a breeze. I'd stay there again if I could get a £15 room rate or a £26 one.	
Aug 26 2007 	Good for short stay	We wanted a cheap clean hotel with good location for our 2 night theatre break. This hotel is ideal. We got the £48 twin room deal from their website. Located 1 min from Marylebone underground station.Tea making in room, we bought our breakfast from M&amp;S also 1 min away.Staff were very friendly and helpful.Room clean,with plenty of room. We stayed in room 104 on the side street and the traffic noise was fine, even though we had the window open.Faults: No left luggage as mentioned before. We were lucky we arrived 12.30 and were allocated a room straight away.As our return journey was late evening, we had to get to King's cross after checkout, to leave our 2 cases there. This cost us £13 plus the tube fare, and took about 1 1/2 hours. There are only 2 people on the left luggage who were receiving, scanning, and also giving back luggage, so expect a queue!No air conditioning, windows do open though.Take a hairdryer, not provided.	
Aug 23 2007 	Travelodge- our experience	Me and my partner stayed at the Marylebone Travelodge for 3 nights (August 2007). Check in is at 3pm but we arrived early at 10am in the hope of leaving our luggage there while we went out and about. The staff were welcoming and helpful and despite being there 5 hours before check in they allocated us a room which was ready for us. The location of the hotel was ideal for us being next to the station as we did a lot of travelling about on the tube, the only downside to being so near was the noise at night. It got quite hot in the room at times and i would have liked to keep the window open but it was far too noisy with people shouting and talking, the busy humdrum of the station, cars, buses and taxis.The room itself was very basic but with plenty of space. The cleanliness of the room was not as good as I would have liked but generally it was okay. The room had a good sized double bed, bedside tables, an open cupboard for clothes (not many hangers) and a table with a TV and tea/coffee making facilities. The wallpaper was peeling in places, the furniture is VERY old and in desperate need of replacing and the bed was pretty awful to be honest. The mattress was very lumpy and you could feel every spring in your back. The bathroom was a marginal improvement with good space and a fairly nice bath and shower. However, on our first morning there when we showered, there was no water coming out of the hot tap. My partner visited the front desk to complain and was told to wait 10 minutes for the air in the pipes to clear before trying again before they would change our room. Luckily, after 10 minutes the water started working again but this was not the first time we had this problem.The only other problem we had was on our departure date. We had been informed that we could leave our luggage at the hotel after check out (10am) in order for us to go and spend the day out before leaving. However, at the front desk we were told there was no where to keep luggage. This meant that we had to cancel our plans for the day and catch the train home straight away as our cases were too large to cart around all day so please be aware of this!We paid £26 a night which was a complete bargain comparred to how much we have spent on hotels in London in the past and for that amount we did not expect anything spectacular- you certainly get what you pay for. Overall, this hotel was okay for us as we spent very little time there. If you are looking for somewhere to just sleep and shower then it is fine but do not expect quality or much comfort. But at £26 a night you don't really expect much!	
Aug 23 2007 	A good Travelodge	This was a good, decent hotel in central London. Travelodge is just Travelodge, of course, easy budget accommodation with the basics: bed, en suite, TV, tea and coffee making facilities. This was excellently placed and nice and quiet considering how central it was. Keep clean and tidy and pleasant front desk staff. Good for those on a tight budget or wanting a one night stop over.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great if you get one of their Saver Rates. But BEWARE no left luggage	Stayed for three nights and only paid £26 a night so this is an absolute bargain. Hotel is just outside Marylebone station and Baker St tube station(with a lot more lines) is a five minute walk away. I'd never really been in this neck of London and it's a nice mix of business and residential, traffic noise isn't too loud, it's even easliy walkable from Oxford Street. Good bus connections too from just outside the door. The hotel room was fairly standard three star business class hotel. A good size; a few scuff marks on the wallpaper where people had run their suitcases along the walls but otherwise very clean, good beds, extra pillows. The bathroom unfortunately was less impressive. Small, poor flush on the lavatory, shower fittings were quite rusty. But the shower did work well after we tightened the nut around the taps so the bath/shower selector worked correctly. We were in town to see some shows so we only spent time sleeping in the room. If you want a luxurious space to relax in, then look for another hotel. We had no meals at the hotel as there are lots of breakfast options at the station. However there were two major drawbacks with this hotel. One : no air conditioning. Our room faced due south so fortunately the weather was quite cloudy as otherwise it would have been unbearable. The window does open, which might be a problem if you have small children. It meant we could get some fresh air, but had the temperature been really hot outside it would have been almost impossible to sleep. Two : They refuse to hold bags for guests. We arrived on an early morning flight and were lucky that a room was available at 11a.m. But on our last day we had an evening flight and the receptionist said they didn't have any facilities to leave our bags. We had to drag them to the left luggage at Victoria Station. This is the first time I have ever come across this situation in a hotel and was quite angry about it as the website, of course, doesn't mention it. I now realise how lucky we were to have had an early check in. Would I go again. Not for the full room rate, no way. But at the saver rate definitely. And only with light bags!	
Aug 11 2007 	A Reasonable stop in London	The hotel was very easy to find as just outside the trainstation. Check in was very quick as had pre-paid. The corridors were quite small and a bit grotty. The room was comfortable, bed and bedding clean and the supply of a large fan was much appriciated as it was quite hot and not very well ventilated. The bathroom was a bit of a let down as there was mould on the windows and seemed dangerous as not double glazed and right over the bath. The shower curtain was way too long and easy to trip over. The loo seemed to not want to flush. We did have a hot shower though so that was fine. OK for a night but not much longer.	
Jul 24 2007 	Nothing special	After reading alot of bad comments on this hotel, I was expecting this place to be awful. However it was not that bad really. The check-in went without hitch and was given a swipe card to allow access to our room. On arrival at the room I opened the door to find occupants still there. Luckily they were not upto anything! A quick word with the receptionist got us a new room. We were put in a room normally kept for disabled visitors but this meant a more roomier room. Bed was clean and bathroom was clean. Curtains and carpet were grubby. LCD TV, but couldent get any channels. A cooling fan was in the room which we were thankful for as it was a bit humid on our nights stay. The other guests did not have much respect for anyone else as there was constant banging of doors at all times of the night.Overall the hotel was ok. As we only paid £15 per room per night on a special Travelodge offer, we couldent really grumble much. I think I would stay there again but only for £15 per night again. I would not pay anymore than that for that hotel.	
Jul 16 2007 	First and last visit	We'd never stayed in a Travelodge before, and I hope for their sake this one wasn't representative. It ought to have been so perfect, just a 30 second walk from the mainline railway station we arrive at. Stayed 2 nights, and it wasn't particularly cheap (£99), probably because the Tour de France was in town eating up hotel rooms.Travelodge make much in their publicity of the idea that they can be cheaper by cutting out the fripperies like shower gel &amp; hairdryers. Fair enough, as we didn't intend to do anything there except use it to crash out after being out in London all day. They say that they concentrate instead on ensuring you get a clean and comfortable room so you get a good night's sleep.Well, this one offered neither. The bed was one of the most uncomfortable we've ever slept (or not) on, with pocket springs which went &quot;boing&quot; at even the slightest movement. Nor was the room particularly clean, with dust all over the chairs, scald-marks from the kettle all over the desk and shabby wallpaper where (presumably) a child's felt-pen scribblings had been painted over in a colour vaguely within the same spectrum. There was a peculiar smell out in the corridor - kind of frankfurters marinaded in bleach, so who knows what that was...Staff seemed like students passing through for a couple of days, and were completely indifferent to us. Maybe their uniform should be a t-shirt saying &quot;Whatever&quot;. OK, you don't expect an effusive farewell at the end of a stay, but a little more than a vague mumbling sound would have been nice.We didn't eat there; as others have recommended, we bought breakfast at the Marks &amp; Spencers branch on the station - a lot cheaper than the £7.50 Travelodge charge per person.Positives? The sound-proofing kept out street noise. The loo was clean, and the shower was OK. Er, that's it. I very much doubt we'll be going back...	
Jun 27 2007 	Not again!	I stayed at this hotel for the second time for 6 nights in mid June 2007. I had returned to the hotel because of the close proximity to both Baker Street and Marylebone tube stations. Once more I was in a single room on the top floor. Once more the room was quite tiny, though thankfully this time there was a proper shower. I did not eat at the hotel, and had no dealings with the staff. The bed was lumpy and the sheets were rather basic. I had to remake the bed on two occassions. I had had a niggling itch when I was at the hotel and it was only when I got home that I realised that I had been attacked by bed bugs! There are numerous bites all over my body!This hotel is not up to Travelodge standards! The single rooms are tiny whilst in most other Travelodges there is no difference between single travellers and couples. The rooms are even more basic than usual, and are in a general state of decline, as is the whole hotel. The money spent on plasma screens for each room would have been better spent on upgrading the rooms.Whilst this hotel should be commended on it's location I do not envisage me staying here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	OK if you can get it cheap	As others have said, we got an internet rate of £47, so didn't expect luxury. However, the other people we went with had rooms that were OK. Ours was pretty shabby and the bathroom was awful.The suspended ceiling in the bathroom meant my husband couldn't have a shower without crouching down. There was mildew and mould in the bath and around the basin fittings. Loo seat was loose and the bathroom doors did not close properly or have a lock at all.The room also got pretty cold at night and there were no extra blankets provided. The decor was really poor.On our second morning we decided, for simplicity's sake, to pay for breakfast at the Travelodge. Avoid this at all costs. We went down before 9am and they at no time had full supplies of anything. Most of the hot food was gone and they brought replacements in such a piecemeal fashion that you couldn't eat the full breakfast at the same time! The toaster didn't work and the staff were surly.The location, however, is great so my recommendations would be:Get it as cheap as possibleGo to the nearby M&amp;S Food for suppliesGo to the greasy spoon opposite the station for breakfast (although it doesn't appear to open on Sat or Sun).Take a hairdryer -- they're not provided.	
Jun 17 2007 	2nd Time here!!	I stayed here again for 4 night in January! Yes I know its a bit late to submit the review but though what the hey!!This time I experienced problems booking in. i had booked the super saver room £15.00 per night and paid for it in advance on a credit card. When I checked in they said the money hadn't been taken so I had to pay the £60.00 on my debit card. The super saver rooms can only be pre-paid so it was there site that was faulty. I contacted my card issuer and right enough the money hadn't been taken. The Manageress's attitude left a lot to be desired.Apart from that the room no 415?? was tiny and a lot nosier compared to our previous room 209 on our trip there in Nov '06.The room was clean, tidy and warm so was quite happy. The maids visited everyday so no complaints there.We went back here because of the location to shops, food outlets and tube stations. So the location makes up for the few minor problems that we experienced this time around.We're going back here in Aug 07 for 2 night break so do a new review then.	
May 6 2007 	Great location	We stayed here 3 nights last month and would happily stay there again. The hotel is in a fabulous location - just walk out of Marylebone station, turn right, walk for 60 seconds! There were public phones on the street outside, plus on station, a taxi rank, plenty of places to eat, a Tesco supermarket 5 minutes level walk away, it's within walking distance of beautiful Regents Park, Madame Tussards etc. We extended our stay another night and had to pay 80 pounds for that compared to 26 and 49 pounds for the first 2 nights. Eighty pounds is a bit steep for what you get but the convenience and averaging it out were the deciding factors.Our room was clean (Room 204), didn't smell like cigarette smoke, looked down on the main street (and to the station entrance if you put your head out), the window opened a little and the staff were helpful.Somebody else mentioned the bathrooms and this was the only fault I could find. At first we thought the toilet was broken but there was a knack to flushing it. I like HOT bath/shower water but it seemed the water temperature had been set fairly low.All in all though I would have no hesitation in going back.	
Apr 28 2007	ok for £15!	Stayed here in February 2006. For 15 quid I wasn't expecting a huge amount but it was ok. I'd booked a double smoking room. The room was a fair size, a bit worn &amp; tatty but acceptable clean apart from the absolutely filthy net curtains - they were grey with age/dirt!The bathroom had a cracked sink but was clean. The bed was a bit uncomfortable compared to other Travelodges I've stayed in. Every time I moved it creaked loudly!The location is fantastic. Literally 2 minutes from Marylebone station, and very easy to find. Don't bother with the hotel breakfast, across the road is a reasonably-priced cafe where I got brakfast &amp; coffee for under £3.00.All in all, if you can get a room for the £15/£26 rate it's fine!	
Apr 24 2007 	OK if you don't mind mildew odors	I booked this hotel as a resting spot before getting an Easy Bus rideto Luton airport on our last day in London. I got the 15 pound rate which is close to what I'd have to pay for left luggage.The hotel is right outside the Marylebone tube station and about two blocks from the EasyBus stop.There are shops close by and in the station.The lobby and lift were fine but the odor of mildew hit you as soon as you walked in the door to the room. The entire ceiling by the window was covered in mildew. The wall paper is starting to curl and the toilet was a bit tempermental about flushing. There was a pretty big gap between the tile and the tub which was mildewy also.I wouldn't have been happy if I were spending the night, but as a place to rest after a long day it sure beat a bench in a train station. Plus we got our own bathroom.	
Apr 20 2007 	Stay away!	Would not recommend this to anyone.Yes a good price, great location but thats about it.Rooms smell (no non smoking room). Hadnt been cleaned for about 3 weeks. Cleaner must just come in and make the beds. Taps missing off the bath; toenails all over the floor. Returned to room to find the door had been left open by the cleaner. Thankfully nothing was missing. Didnt ruin our trip though as we had a great time, love london, will definately come back, but not to this hotel.	
Mar 9 2007 	Loved Travel Lodge!	23-26Feb 2007Really enjoyed our stay in London in this hotel. To be honest we didn't spend alot of time in the room. However the room was clean and fresh towels were supplied everyday. the location is great - less than 2mins walk from the nearest tube,and this will have you in Picadilly in ( 7min) we timed it!They will keep your cases if you check in early or have a late departure.The staff were helpful, we required an iron and this was provided immediately on request.The M&amp;S across the street is very handy and if in need if a quick and reasonably priced breakfast the cafe across from the station is cheep,quick and very good.Considering we have stayed in london for 1 weekeend every year for the past 8 and got this stay for the supersver rate of £26 ,I would say it's excellent value	
Mar 4 2007	Good basic accoomodation	Great cheerful staff and location, kept very clean and quite a large room. Have to agree that it really needs some refurbishment - some of the tiles were quite loose and the wall paper and upholstery on the chair were worn. You could say that at £75 it is cheaper than the local London Travel Inns, but they are all in a much better state of repair. I wouldn't be worried to stay here again, but probably not as a first choice.	
Feb 23 2007 	Ideal location cheap and cheerful	Was staying up in London for 1 night mixing business with pleasure so wanted a reasonably priced hotel close to Paddington and Oxford Circus and found this Travelodge through their website - ---. £49 without Breakfast (that was charged seperately at £7.50 each which we didn't take, seems very over priced!). Room was spacious, although next to busy road so the planned lie in ended around 7am by being woken by the busy road outside - but what can you expect from London!Ideal location, no more than 1 minute walk from Marylebone tube station on Bakerloo line (Brown one!) with 10 minute trip to Oxford/Piccadilly Circus, Paddington only 10 minutes in the other direction.Room condition was average, expectations weren't great for only £49 - would think about staying again for business due to location, but may think of trying somewhere else when taking the other half.	
Feb 19 2007 	Great Value Hotel	My son and I stayed here in a twin room from 13th- 15th February , having only paid the saver rate of £26 per night it was excellent value for money. The bathroom was a bit shoddy but what can you expect for this money,however the bedroom and linen were exceptionally clean so I would diffinately recommend it as a great place to stay if you are on a budget.Its proximity to the station was an added bonus. I hope this review helps.	
Feb 19 2007	Friendly and helpful staff nice room.	We stayed here for three nights with a group of several people. At first I was reluctant to book as I had read the reviews on this site. However, our experience was very positive. All the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful. The double rooms were of an adequate size. The windows were soundproofed, so noise was not an issue. The single room we had also booked was very small. As the room prices are the same, whether double or single, it makes little sense to book a single room. The location is excellent, well within walking distance of Marylebone High Street.	
Feb 6 2007 	Amazing Value for a Saturday Night	Ok, the rooms are a bit tired and shabby (though i believe they're in the process of renovation) but if you get the Saver rate of £26 a room this place is great value for money.The rooms don't look like your standard, modern Travelodge but i think they took over this hotel and just made a few changes to bring it into the Travelodge brand. The rooms are a bit dark and dingey but clean and comfortable. The location is great as you can see the hotel as soon as you step out of the station (less than 2 mins walk). We didn't investigate the immediate area very much as we were only on a short stay but the nearby M&amp;S Simply Food was a useful 'local' store. We took the tube to Oxford Circus which was only 3 stops so i'm sure it would be walking distance in better weather.If all you're looking for is a clean and comfortable bed for the night then i don't think you'll be disappointed. I'd certainly stay again if i got the same rate.	
Feb 3 2007	Satisfactory and Good Value	I stayed at Travelodge London Marylebone for one night on a leisure break. I arrived at Marylebone Railway Station and found the Travelodge easily.I was allocated a single room. This was smaller than I expected although adequate for my needs. I found it clean and fully functional. The room was en-suite (shower only).In the evening I ordered food from the Travelodge Bar Cafe. I found this to be satisfactory.I purchased a voucher for a cooked breakfast. In the morning I had a look at what was on offer in the breakfast room. I decided to have toast and cereal.I found the staff to be pleasant and helpful.I had paid a special pay-in-advance and I felt that this was good value. Based on my experience of this visit , I would stay again.	
Jan 27 2007	Beware of jewellry thiefs	Stayed in this hotel 5/7 Jan this year and until I checked my case when I returned home I would not have any problems in recommending it to people. However.... having checked my case I realised that my jewellry case was missing and nowhere to be found. I contacted the hotel on my return but indeed as the other reviewer who unfortunately had the same problem have not received a response from them. The hotel is clean but basic and in need of rennovation and I would have stopped here again had it not been for the apparent theft of my belongings.	
Jan 25 2007 	Bargain in Central London	This Travelodge is great if your are looking for somewhere clean and tidy in the centre of London which doesn't cost a fortune. We booked a £26 saver room on the Travelodge website which proved to be very good value for money. The room was fairly standard for a Travelodge - quite basic but had what you needed (apart from a hairdryer). The hotel is right opposite the station where you can access land trains, underground or a constant queue of taxis which are waiting outside. I'm staying here again in April.There was some noise from the road but this wasn't a real problem. You expect some sort of noise in the middle of the city.	
Jan 8 2007 	do not trust the staff	I stayed here on the 3rd and 4th january 2007On the night before leaving i packed my stuff away into my case and my jewelery box was missing i searched the room for over an hour with nothing found I then went down to reception and told them what had happend.I was told by the nice man on the desk that this is not the first time this kinda thing has happend which shocked me.He told me he would tell the manger the next day. A week has now passed and i still have no answer i think its now a mater for the police	
Nov 19 2006 	Would not stay here again.	Stayed 2 nights and not impressed overall. Checked in early and no problem there. Room was nice size but as the windows were very old and draughty, even with the heating on, very cold. Beds were very comfy and shower good after waiting 5 mins for the water to heat up. No problems with noise of traffic, we were on the 5th floor though. Room was in real need of being painted, a lot of holes and fingermarks!! Had breakfast on the first morning and was awful, bad stomach all day! Was cold and looked like it had been reheated from the previous day. Great location though, 1 min walk from Marylebone and nice walk to centre of London though not a lot of choice for night dining and drinks. Paid £75 each for 2 nights but can get a lot better hotel in nicer areas for same price. Not the worst hotel I have stayed in but would not stay here again.	
Nov 8 2006 	value for money	clean and brilliant location	
Nov 1 2006 	Good staff nice location	We stayed here for three nights in late September. The first room we received smelled incredibly mouldy and damp; we later concluded that this was in large part due to a water leak in the breakfast room directly below. The second room we received had faulty plumbing. The third room was decent. While having to shift rooms twice was dismaying, the staff were very apologetic and helpful in ensuring that we got a good room. Kudos to them for that. The room itself was pretty much like the other Travelodge I have stayed in in London (TL Kings Cross Royal Scot)--decent, clean, but a bit worn.The hotel is located right beside the Marylebone rail and tube station, which is terrific, and is a couple of blocks from Baker Street Tube station. Also, as we discovered, Paddington Station is an easy fifteen minute walk--do-able even with our luggage. Thus, the hotel is a nice alternative to Paddington area ones if one wants proximity to the station or to the Heathrow Express service. There are many restaurants close by, and Oxford Street is a brisk fifteen minute walk .Our overall impression of the hotel is that there are some ongoing maintenance issues with the property, which could make a stay rather dreary. The staff appear to work hard to make things right for guests, however, which really helps. We paid the 26 pound saver rate, and for that the hotel is indeed a great bargain. At the full rate, I think better places can be found in the larger area.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great value for 26 pounds!!	If you can get this for 26 pounds it has to be the best deal in London. The proximity to the tube is the best thing, especially travelling with kids who were sick of walking! There was a great little place for breakfast across from the station, lovely staff and cheap quick and yummy meals to start the day. We had two rooms and although one had a distinct musty smell (put hubby and one child in that one!!) the other was fine. Showers were old but worked perfectly, beds comfortable but not perfect. All in all we had a fab time in London and it was great to come back to a clean and fairly spacious room at the end of the day to sleep. If this is available for 26 pounds again, book a room and enjoy the sights of this gorgeous city!	
Oct 20 2006 	Not a bad place to stay		
Aug 31 2006 	cheap and cheerful		
Aug 31 2006 	Good Location / Good Hotel		
Aug 20 2006 	Satisfactory Hotel - Great Deal		
Jun 27 2006	home from home		
Jun 8 2006	no frills		
Jun 1 2006	A tired hotel but should get better!		
May 23 2006	Very tired shabby no air-con...		
May 17 2006	Just don't do it..		
Nov 6 2009 	Excelente comunicación y relación calidad-precio		
Aug 7 2009 	Ottimo per prezzo e posizione		
Jun 30 2009	muy bueno		
