Nov 25 2009 	AMAZING STAY!	Ugh, I hate that there are negative reviews about this hotel! My partner and I stayed here during our trip around the world and were blown away by the customer service we received. When we arrived we used the SPG desk and David McNamara went above and beyond in welcoming us to the property, gave us our SPG upgrade, allowed us to leave our bags with him so that we could immediately jump into the city. He offered great advice on where to start and asked if we needed reservations/car/etc. When we returned to our room, we were pleasantly surprised with how lovely and large it was. It was decorated similar to other (nicer) SPG properties, had a fantastic view of Piccadilly, and was spacious, clean, modern. David also sent up a bottle of wine and some sweets for us! Customer service during our stay went above and beyond, including very helpful doormen always willing to provide suggestions on restaurants and transportation. We will certainly make Le Meridien our home when in London, no doubt. As an aside, internet (of course) is very pricey.	
Nov 21 2009 	Very disappointing	This hotel is very disappointing. A great location in the middle of the London touristy areas, but the hotel is REALLY old and the rooms seem older than the actual building. I wouldn't stay here again.	
Nov 21 2009 	Fantastic Location	The hotel is in a great location. The club lounge was excellent. Although some of the room furnishings were a little worn the room was very clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 17 2009 	the pool is fab.. hope you can get the shower to work	This was another booking with lastminute and I have been delighted with their choices so far, or perhaps I have just struck lucky!This hotel is perfectly located, only a short hop from Piccadilly Circus station which is on the piccadilly line from Kings X so excellent for me.I arrived with ten minutes to spare for a fave tv prog - 19.50 - so was desperate for a quick check in. It wasn't too bad although queue was forming behind me and I got up in the lift to floor 3 with a couple of minutes to spare. Pah! Key did not fit and I had to haul luggage back down to the very small 2 station reception. I avoided this by using the concierge who found out that the reception clerk had allocated me the incorrect room and sorted it v quickly. So I only missed 5 mins of my fave 30 minute prog...And then to the gorgeous pool. 15m long and respectably deep (1m7). 60 lengths (I kind you not) later Iv am in the steam room and then the lovely spa pool and back to my room.The restaurant was too pricey for me, I was too late to take advantage of any pre-theatre offers which MAY have existed so I had a lovely and reasonable |(£10.50) Eggs Benedict yum with an extortionate glass of red wine yum yum.Too many pillows, too big (I love flat pillows, so I guess I am too choosy) so they got ditched and I had a reasonable sleep - I never sleep well anyway.Morning - I could not turn the shower on, it was too heavy to move, this was POOR. Hairdryer likewise poor quality and hard to work.Checkout - swift and friendly. Would I return - maybe, if only for the lovely pool. I'd t5ake my own food and drink tho.	
Nov 10 2009 	A very pleasant surprise!	I booked this hotel via LastMinute.com 'secret hotels' at a great rate but then read the reviews here and started to worry... but my fears were unfounded. At check-in I asked for a refurbished room and was given one on the 8th floor, looking over Piccadilly, with views of Big Ben and the London Eye. The (double) room #804 wasn't huge but was big enough, was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The location of this hotel is unbeatable, in easy walking distance of all the theatres, Leicester Square etc. The water pressure in the shower wasn't usual hotel force, but was perfectly adequate. All the staff I spoke to during my stay were very polite and keen to be as helpful as possible. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great Location!	The location can't be beat - walking distance to many attractions and right by Piccadilly Circus tube station. Hotel is older, but our room was clean and service was great. If ever in London again, we will definitely return.	
Oct 27 2009 	Worst hotel stay ever	I recently stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly on a business trip to London. Maybe my worst hotel stay ever. Had to change rooms 3 times over 5 nights due to problem after problem after problem. One room had literally zero floor space. Second room was cold and the heat didn't work. Then had a room that was too hot and the cooling would not work. Hotel was undergoing noisy construction with drilling and hammering taking place. Staff didn't know what was going on (I was told construction would cease at 5 pm, then when it continued and I complained, was told it would continue until 7 pm or later). Elevators were sketchy. At least one morning, only one was working so three elevators went by that were full before one came that I was able to get on. Twice my room was not made up until I phoned and requested it. My third room had no soap and I had to phone down and request that. And the first assistant manager I talked to handled the situation terribly, though another manager was somewhat better. It was just problem after problem after problem after problem... I won't stay here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Long in the tooth is being generous. Don't waste your money!	This is a Meridien? It's hard to believe. This place is a worn out hotel reminds me of a location where the lease is almost up and they have no desire to renew it and thus, don't spend anything to improve it. We were on the 3rd floor (room 338). The lamps in the room were falling apart, the room was small and everything was of lesser quality than a Hampton Inn back in the USA. I wish I were kidding. It was also expensive. And like a lot of luxury hotels, they soak you for everything...such as internet, (was it $30/day?) which is outrageous. The problem with soaking customers for something that is otherwise free in most other hotels isn't that we couldn't afford it, but rather that it leaves a bad felling that we were being soaked for it. On the good side, is the rather convenient location. The bed was comfortable so no complaints there. The staff was pleasant so no complaints there either.The overwhelming feeling is that this hotel is probably closing. There are plenty of much nicer hotels in London in which to stay. Don't bother.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location average room	Had booked the Park Lane Sheraton but was overbooked and offered Le Meridien as an alternative by the duty manager who was most helpful. On arrival at Le Meridien the staff were equally helpful and offered a free upgrade to a better quality double room with free breakfast thrown in (at £21 for continental it certainly would not be worth having breakfast here!!). Room was facing Picadilly but there was minimal street noise. Compact, but well furnished room with tea/coffee facility. TV with reasonable range of channels. Comfy bed but noisy a/c which i had to turn off in order to sleep. Bathroom compact but tiled and clean with a good shower. Overall the room was fairly average and I honestly don't know how much it would have cost if booked directly. Location can't be beaten, though, &lt;1min from Picadilly circus, underground, theatres etc.	
Oct 22 2009 	If You Want to Waste Your Money Stay Here!	I have stayed at Motel 6's that have been nicer than this hotel! As you can tell by the other review, this hotel is worn and beat. They obviously don't invest their profits in making it a nicer place which is a shame. Not only is hotel high priced as far as rooms go, they also stab it to you for everything else. Phone calls to the States will set you back over $10.00 per minute! They will deliver you a newspaper, but don't mention it will cost you about $4.00 each. Internet Service is way expensive. Read the fine print on all the in-room literature or you will find yourself paying for charity causes unless you opt out. Better to go to the nearest Starbucks and use their free wi-fi. The only good things about this hotel is its location, and our room was pretty quiet, and it has a gym and indoor pool. Otherwise, save you money and spend it on a place much worthier than Le Meridien...	
Oct 18 2009 	Depressing very poor value for money	We stayed three nights with our kids in this hotel. Whad too rooms: one very large one for ourselves, one smaller one for the children. I immediately noticed and was appalled by the night table lights, which had crooked and falling shades and economy neon bulbs, which I feel is totally inappropriate. How a hotel of this class could even consider giving neon to their customers for night table lamps is beyond me. Combined with the equally depressing and old and weak lights on the wall, the lighting was, generally, feeble and depressing. The furniture/upholstery was old, worn and stained. The curtain rods and hangers were mangled; the curtains themselves were old and sagged and did not shut properly. In our room, to access the curtains you had to pull back the desk, which was pressed against them. The windows in our big room were very small, giving the place a very closed-in feel. Opening them was out of the question because their was a very loud and constant hum coming from a ventilation shaft or something right outside them, which was even loud when the windows were closed and kept us up at night. You could hear people flushing the toilet and walking around in the bathroom in the adjacent room. The mini-bar in the children's room did not open, and we were told twice that it would be fixed but that never happened.As for the bathrooms, they looked like they looked like they had started to redo them but stopped midway. The walls were painted – splattered would be more to the point – with some sort of depressing non colour; it looked like an unfinished primer coat that would go under a real paint job or tiling. The fixtures and &quot;finishings&quot; were appalling. The water in the shower was lukewarm at best and the pressure very low. The lighting was also neon.The room generally felt like a deep, dark, depressing and dirty cave. When we are on vacation we usually like to come back to the room at the end of the afternoon, have a shower and rest for an hour or so on the bed while watching TV before going back out, but even that was depressing and out of the question, which means that we got very little enjoyment out of the room. On the positive side were the dining room and the breakfast, which were just fantastic. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Of course the location is also fantastic, but that does not give them every right. It seems to me they are living off that location and the reputation of other Meridiens which work very hard to offer impeccable accommodation. Except for the dining room and breakfast, nothing we experienced in this hotel was in keeping with its rating, price and supposed high standard. All in all, a very poor value for money.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great Hotel Wonderful Pool Excellent position	I booked a 'Secret Hotel' through Lastminute.com, to celebrate our 1st wedding anninversay, whilst taking in a show, chinatown etc... Upon finding out the Hotel, I was very pleased with the choice, 1st class position to West End, all the facilities &amp; amenities one would need - but reading the reviews, I became more than a little concerned with some of the comments.So I rang the Hotel directly, and spoke with the Duty Manager, to allay my fears. He was very helpful, understood and and had read the comments made. He was more than happy to confirm that the Hotel would do everything it could to esnure our stay with them would be memorable, and not effect our special day.And that it did!!.... and some.He admitted that some rooms may need some attention, but many others have been renovated; so he would make sure we had a renovated room, with as good a view as possible. We could not have asked for anymore. We were on the 9th (top) floor - overlooking The London Eye, Houses of Parliament, and in the distance Canary Wharf - London at it's best. And 200 yards from Picadilly...They even provided a chilled Bottle of Champagne and strawberries... After stopping smiling, we retired in one of Londons largest indoor swimming pools, jacuzzi and steam room - what a very pleasant way to spend a Sat afternoon, before a night on the town.All in all - I would strongly reommend this hotel, the service, and the people who work there to anyone.If you have some concerns, dont wait till you get there, make yourself heard, and as with us, I am sure the Hotel will be as accomodating as they can.Thank you very much for a wonderful stay, it was not only a joy to stay with you, but you put the icing on a perfect day.	
Oct 14 2009	Central Location but Noisy and Worn Room	Have previously stayed at Park Lane Sheraton several times, but switched to Le Meridien in the hopes that this Starwood property would have rooms more befitting the location and star rating. Le Meridien offered a huge room with high ceilings and impressive windows, drapery. Once a grand room, I'm sure. Nice sized beds for a twin room, but between the beds the carpet was patched and had a bump underneath. Flat screen TV, but bathroom was tiny and had older hardware. Service at hotel was nice. Location is ridiculously central and the tube is literally around the corner. Still, the trade-off was a very noisy Regents street hub all night long.	
Oct 10 2009 	abysmal rooms but great location	The hotel's location offers great access to the City's attractions, but the hotel rooms are very, very tired. The bathroom had paint peeling everywhere and felt dark and unclean. The hotel's staff, however, is attentive and very helpful.	
Oct 1 2009 	Not worth the money.	On my recent trip to London I stayed at La Meridien, I booked 4 nights. I moved the next day right after I arranged for another hotel. La Meridien is old and run down, the lobby smells, my room smelled dusty, it was not very clean, there was no slippers, bathrobe, nothing nice. Water pressure was low, hairdryer missing. I did not even feel like ordering room service, i went to check out the fitness club and was not impressed as well. Even when I tried to express check out from my room it did not work. I was not expecting such an experience, they really should not be charging that much for this kind of place. I moved to Langham hotel the next day!	
Sep 30 2009 	Nice Hotel 	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in June booked through hotwire. We were concerned due to many of the reviews on this site. It seems as if there are renovated rooms and &quot;soon to be renovated&quot; rooms. Knowing we booked through hotwire we were concerned we'd get the latter. Emailed the hotel and expressed our concerns. Arrived at the hotel at noon and were told we could have a room immediately or wait about 2 hours and get a nicer room at no extra charge. Room was small but extremely clean, bathroom was clearly brand new. Elevators were a little slow but no big deal. Would definitely recommend this hotel however would not pay their advertised price of over 200 pounds a night. Location truly can't be beat.	
Sep 25 2009 	100% Location - 0% Hotel	Hotel is lousy, let's be frank. You have a decent, comfy bed in a terrible hotel in an amazing location for tourists. NO ONE but first time london tourists should stay here... unless you are cashing in starwood points which is what i did. in that case, it's great. Seriously though, 5 stars? Category 5? who are they kidding? 3 star at best.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location but hotel needs some TLC	The hotel has an amazing location--perfect. However, the room I was in, which was an upgraded room, was a bit shabby and in need of some renovation. I was also positioned at the end of a very long hallway that had several sets of stairs, which were not easily navigated with luggage, etc. I was also positioned across from a very loud and frequently used door employees used to access the back of the house. SQUEAKY OLD SWING DOORS!	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent Location Nice rooms fabulous amenities	You can't ask for a better location in London. Directly adjacent to Piccadilly Circus and the tube. Near all the tourist spots, but also near some hot local spots. The staff is friendly and the hotel amenities are fantastic- the health club and spa are five star. One of the best hotel pools I have ever seen. The Terrace Restaurant is lovely- great ambiance and try the ice cream sundaes! The price is high, but worth the splurge.	
Sep 18 2009 	WONDERFUL!!!! BEST VACATION EVER	I just wanted to come up for air and just THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU for the best vacation ever. I have been bragging ever since I have returned. I got the best service ever from the bellman, front desk, housekeeping was the best ever. Oh my God the bed was the best and if I could have put those pillows in my suitcase I would have. Thank you Meridien for giving me the best vacation/birthday ever. I will return and I WILL recommend your hotel.	
Sep 12 2009 	Run Down...Very Disappointing!	Elevators don't usually work, carpets are worn and dirty, and wiring is exposed. Furniture in the rooms are sourced from three generations of a thrift market. Air conditioning and internet does not always work properly. It is a real shame that this hotel has been allowed to degrade...	
Sep 10 2009 	As Usual Le Meridien lived up to what we have come to expect!	My Girlfriend and I stay at Le M probably four times per year and each time we come away feeling totally rested and refreshed. The Staff are good and can't do enough for you and they do their best to accomodate your every need. This time, they excelled themselves, our room was just lovely, it was spacious and comfortable. We ran out of tea bags and within minutes they replaced them.The swimming pool was as usual lovely and with late check out we were able to swim this morning and get ready to come home without rush or fuss. We will return in December to recharge our batteries and once again enjoy Le Meridien.	
Sep 7 2009 	Dismal room with filthy carpeting/furniture. Bathrooms floors cracked.	Firstly the pluses:LOCATION - Can't be beat. Right there in the heart of Piccadilly. We walked to the shops restaurants and some attractions. The tube was just a minute away. BREAKFAST - Expensive at GBP20 but it is excellent. Service, food, the variety. It was like a different world compared to the other parts of the hotel. The breakfast area was new, refurbished and very well lit with natural light streaming in. The wait staff here were so friendly and approachable. They were helpful in trying to help me find one or two excellent products they had. Teba espeically went out of her way to help me and was lovely to talk to. Only one in the hotel I felt who cared abt customers.CONCIERGE - Very busy but on the whole, a nice, helpful lot. One gave me wrong ( tube/bus tkt price) info one day. But the rest gave good recommendations and were interested in helping. The recommendation to try Cocoon, a fusion place 'round the corner was an excellent one. I believe his name was Philip and he was extremely nice.The minuses:SERVICE - Coming from Le Meridien Vienna, this place paled in comparison. Noone greeted you. We pulled our own bags in. The Starwood desk person was curt. No upgrade here like at our precious location. Though they said we had one, the room was horrible. We arrived at 2:30pm and the dismal room that awaited apparently wasn't ready. We had to go away and wait for 45 mins Maria said. The reception staff are all perfunctory and business like. Not overly friendly.We requested an adaptor from the (Russian) night manager one night at 11pm. He was not very nice to begin with. Anyway, at midnight, still nothing came . My husband went down and he was on a personal call. No apologies. Just didn't care.ROOM - We used our Starwood points for 2 free nights and paid GBP 175 plus points for the 3rd . Supposedly we got an upgrade to some kind of deluxe room. Compared to the service and upgarde ( to the spacious, clean, new suite) we got at Le Meridien in Vienna, this was a major downgrade. An utter disappointment. The carpeting and furniture was so FILTHY and DINGY I was fearful my daughter's asthma would flare up. I went down to see if they could put us in a slightly more updated room. Maria snapped back that we did get &quot;the upgrade&quot; and we should be thankful because we were getting a free room for 2 nights. So, that's how you get treated here with your points, FYI! We looked at some TA member posts and their rooms looked sparkly new compared to ours. We were almost in some sort of &quot;punishment dungeon&quot;. So we were stuck with our room. I had to put my daughter on her inhaler and used my anti-bacterial hand sanitizer to clean things. The room seemed just disgustingly dirty. It was dark and dismal as well. The carpeting was so old that it was worn off and dark /mouldy in some areas. Yuck. We were so repulsed. The lighting wasn't adequate which added to the bleak and sad nature of the whole place. The bathroom was narrow, old and small. The floor was cracked in so many places. Whatever was shiny brass before was old, scratched off or chipped now. How could they be proud of giving this room out -- and to a Gold/Platinum Starwood member at that?HOUSEKEEPING - On our 2nd morning, we were awakened at 7:30am by loud talking our side our room. We just assumed people were checking out, gathering up their things and were abt to walk down the hall. But afer 45 minutes, I popped my head out only to realise it was a few housekeepers hvg a good yarn. I called customer service who called back to say the housekeepers said noone was talking and they weren't any where near our room. A blatant lie! The noise did subside for a few minutes then the talking started up again. By that time, I couldn't go back to bed and got up. When we left our room one of them stared us down as if to say, &quot; You dared complain about me!&quot; She glared at us and never said a word as we passed and just continued glaring! The nerve! But whoo!! She was scary! She continued her stare us down for the duration of our stay, even as we were leaving!NO NICE TOUCHES I can add here. Le Meridien Wien gave us the free use of our minibar, free internet, etc.. This location was exhorbitantly charging for everything. An example of how ridiculously expensive some things were: The in-room telephone rates: To make a local call was GBP 1.98 a minute! To call anywhere within Europe for a minute it was GBP 5.38. To Call the US it would be GBP 7.62 a minute. We had no free in-room internet. All in all, being a Starwood member didn't have its advantages at Le Meridien Piccadilly. The service was terrible. Everything was expensive. We didn't feel welcome. They didn't appreciate our business or want us to return. Unlike other hotels, noone here cared or wanted to please you. Our room was filthy and old. The GBP 175 plus Starwood points we paid out felt like a total rip off. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. They are thriving on their LOCATION. Business is brisk and their lobby is always buslting. Who needs good customer service when business falls from heaven?	
Aug 31 2009 	Fabulous hotel	We have just returned from two nights stay at Le MeridienThe hotel is perfectly placed, a stone's throw from galleries, main sights, theatres and night life The hotel itself is fabulous from the sumptuous beds (where do they get the lovely pillows) to the staff. Breakfast was lushThe receptionist made us feel instantly welcome and in fact all staff were more than helpfulIt was my partner's birthday and the hotel left a lovely cake and complimentary wine in the roomThis is a real find in the centre of London and we will certainly go again	
Aug 26 2009 	Enjoyable stay	I boooked this hotel with a free night promo, so I really wasnt expecting much. I have heard so many stories of guest checking into hotels with a free voucher or heavily discounted though lastminute or something and given the worst room of the house, so I was already prepared for this.Before booking, I called up the hotel to ask about room config as I would need an extra bed for my son, I was told by Maria at guest relations that although tight a rollaway could fit in the room, but for £30 I could upgrade to a deluxe with 2 queens, I asked if i could view rooms upon arrival and this was agreed. I checked in around 3pm and was greeted by a very cheerful recepionist who pointed me over to Maria, I was instantly greeted with a big warm smile by Maria who then showed us to 2 rooms that she had reseverved for us to look at. Both were located on the 8th floor and from the quick look I had both were nice, and was going to take the standard and have the free rollaway bed as to me the space was fine and would not have been too cramped, but Maria went on to tell me that I would not be charged for the deluxe room like she originally mentioned, so that was that then, deluxe room it was. The room itself was a bit tatty but very clean, the wood furniture had some intresting swear words etched into it which my son discovered, the door knobs were starting to fall off, the doors were chipped and old and goes for the window, but it was a fantistic size with a walk in closet, there were also 2 comfy chairs and as mentioned 2 comfy queen size bed, we even mananged to add a cot in for the baby and still had space to move! The bathroom was odd, in the sense that it was very narrow and long, personally I liked it, but not the norm at all, as others have mentioned, the pressure was not that good, but one got by. The best thing of this room was the natural light, even though we were the back we were on the top floor so could see london and there was a pretty clock tower facing our room, i would have hated to be on say thr 4th floor on that side as it would have been a depressing sight and probably dark. We ventured down to the pool which was cold, but nice, a good size and got very busy in the evening, the 2 guys on the gym reception were friendly and helpful.The only real gripe I had was regarding my breakfast and being constantly bothered regarding my checkout time. I ordered a breakfast plate which i thought for hotel prices was fine, and 3 egg omelette, which again for hotel prices was worth it as was it was really nice, but the waffle was £9 and was only 1, this I thought was far too expensive, £9 for 1 waffle, that really can not be justified, plus the chocolate sauce that was ordered with it was off (or something weird was going on with it )and even the lady who brought it up said there was something wrong with it but only after she took a big sniff, as it wasnt somthing you would have noticed just on appearance, I had to settle for maple syrup, and i really should have just sent the waffle back, but I was quite hungry at this point. With regards to check out I asked if i could leave at 1pm, which was fine, I even saw Maria put this on the system as I was standing with her behind her desk, yet on 3 occassions I was aked what time I would be leaving (twice by reception and once by housekeeping) the one that annoyed me the most was housekeeping as it was only 9.30am! Do the staff not all liaise with each other or read notes on the system regarding checkouts?Despite wafflegate and the checkout issue, I really did have a good stay, it exceeded my expectations but this was probably due to the wonderful Maria, who really did excel in customer service (i forgot to mention she gave the kids complimentary juices !) and is a real asset to this hotel, all the others were fine, but Maria was the one I had more contact with, even my baby liked her, and thats really something! If I ever need to stay in the heart of London for any reason, I would seriously consider staying here again if the rate is reasonable.	
Aug 25 2009 	Had high hopes unfortunately not that great.	I have walked past this hotel many, many times in the past several years and had always though it would be a great place to stay. I have stayed at other hotels in the nearby area and thought I would give it a try for a one night stay travelling with my daughter to the London area last week.So we arrive at the hotel at about 11am and there is no one at the door to help with bags, and we head to the desk to check in. We are told we could have an early check in but would have to wait about an hour, which is great news. We go for a quick bite to eat and come back at about 12:30 and are able to get checked in. We are told our bags are going to be sent up immediately, so we head up to our room. 30 mins later still no bags so I phone down and am told they have just been sent up. 15 mins later still no bags so I phone down again and am told they will be right up again. 15 mins later they arrive. I am kind of shocked at the poor service so far for this calibre of a hotel. Later that evening I asked where I could print some boarding passes and was rudely told &quot;over there&quot; with a pointed finger. Hmm. I am by no means a snob but have experienced better service in much lower end chains.The room itself was absolutely terrible, like others have posted it probably hasn't been updated in over 30 years. Carpet was stained and ripped and the bathroom moldy and had absolutely no pressure. The pillows were very comfortable, and the bed just adequate. Internet was 20 pounds for the day which was ridiculous, even more expensive than the Hiltons I usually stay at.Location is the only great thing about this hotel, it really couldn't be better. I have stayed at other Le Meridiens and this one isn't worthy of the brand name. Too bad. I will continue to stay at my other favorites in the area in the future.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent hotel perfect location fantastic staff	This hotel is a gem. We stayed for 6 days in August. We did have a club room whichallowed free internet, continental breakfast, etc. The room was large with 2 comfy chairs.Of course the beds and pillows were so comfortable. The staff in this hotel from SPG check in, to doormen, to maids, concierge were so friendly and made you feel very welcome.The room service food was delicious. I can't say enough good things about this hotel and its employees. The location is central to everything. We will definitely come back here.Excellent!!!!! A must is to eat at Richoux's which is a few blocks from hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Good location but issues with theft and dated rooms	I've stayed at the Le Meridien a couple of times before and had a reasonable experience but unfortunately this trip fell a long way short and resulted in a large amount of cash being stolen from my bags.First the positives :- The location is great and provides easy access to the whole of the west end of London. In general, the staff are pretty good and do try to assist if there are any issuesThe negatives :-Rooms - They are old and dated and in need of updating. When I've stayed in the past, my SPG status has resulted in an upgrade and the suites are nice. However, the hotel was full this time and my 'preferred room' was rejected due to the condition and location of it (my preference is for the smaller, quieter rooms on the upper floors). The second room was ok but not what you would expect for the moneySecurity - Sadly I experienced my first issue with room security in 12 years of travelling. I had a significant amount of holiday money in a travel wallet buried at the bottom of my laptop bag that one of the hotel staff found, removed only the high value notes and currencies they recognised and carefully put the money holder back in to a different location of wallet and put it back in to the bag (my PC etc was untouched). I should have used the safe and accept the error I made but someone working there is going through bags looking for valuables and doing it cleverly so PLEASE USE THE SAFE IF YOU STAY THERE.I'd stay in the same area of London again but this is now off my list of Starwood hotels to use	
Aug 13 2009 	great location	i stayed 1 nite w/ my bf before our flight back. the location is fab that u can be missed. fortnum &amp; mason is just opposite to the hotel! polite and helpful staff. one con is that u need to drag yr luggage a long way to find yr room, and some stairs u need to drag along as well.	
Aug 13 2009 	Is it really a 5* hotel?	Arrived early by taxi, doorman just stood at the door while we struggled in with our luggage and did not even open the door once he realised we were staying. Found reception, booked in but told we would have to wait until 3pm. They were able to look after our luggage so we went off for something to eat in Leicester Sq which is just 5min walk and arrived back at 3pm ready for book in. We were then kept waiting, along with three other couples/families for an available room. 25 minutes later a room was allocated but we were unable to get into the room as the electronic key cards did not work so that meant another trip down to a rather cold and unhelpful reception. Several others were also complaining about their keys not working. Once in, with a new set of key cards, we relaxed into the tidy and clean room. Very comfortable bed and pillows, large flat screen tv, pleasant bathroom, safe, minibar and reasonable storage. Only one robe had been left and no compimentary slippers! Over the two day stay we found the cleaning staff more friendly than any of the main staff. No complimentary paper appeared because reception failed to ask if we required one during check in. The first morning we tried the hotel full English breakfast but were disappointed at the size of portions (due to the small plate - £25 each). The second morning we ventured into Piccadilly and found a more satisfying breakfast for half the price (Angus steak rest 10 to12:30 full English). We must have past through the front foyer at least 10 times during our stay. Never once did the doorman open the door, ask if we needed assistance, he just chatted to passing locals. The main staff were too busy to care. In the room there was no mini bar price list so be warned if you feel like a drink or some nibbles. We even ended up having to get our own taxi as the doorman had disappeared.We treat ourselves to a 5* hotel experience every year but our stay at Le Meridien failed to meet our expectations. Maybe they should wake up and realise that the 'name' cannot be relied upon to draw future custom. I am afraid we will NOT be staying again at this hotel although it was very central for theatre land and did have nice pillows.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location but run-down rooms	London is expensive, but you generally get what you pay for. Not in this case. The location is absolutely brilliant, smack bang in the middle of Picadilly. Shopping, food and entertainment everywhere. Extremely convenient. The hotel facade was stunning, and the pool was nice. The bed was supremely comfortable, and the flatscreen TV has a great selection of channels. Unfortunately the rest of the room hasnt been touched since the 70s. The worn down furniture was stained and the wall paper peeling. The shower head (and plumbing) had terrible pressure, was adorned with grime and hasnt been replaced for 20 years. Such issues are unacceptable when you are shelling out £240 a night. For that price you get a worn down decripit room from the 70s with a new bed and tv and thats about it. No escort to the room, not that I care but most hotels in this price range dont send you off to find the room on your own. The floors creaked, the carpet was old and worn, there was no view and the lifts took forever. Im sure some rooms are better than others, and it wasnt an unpleasant exprience, but a desperately needed refurbishment would do wonders for this place, it has lots of old world charm but unfortunately the decor lets it down. Very disappointing as it could be a cracking hotel given its location. A comfortable stay, but better choices abound for the price.	
Aug 10 2009 	Comfortable but prefer others	Room I had (upgraded as SPG gold member) was good with separate desk area but overall a bit disappointed. Lifts slow and quirky and their mood noise (not music) distinctively odd. The restaurant was poor in terms of choice and value. Breakfast packed and far better option to go to one of the coffee bar chains nearby. There are better choices in London for this price.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Location	Used starwood points which made it very affordable. Paid 30GBP extra per day for club room access which offered free breakfast, wifi, drinks and hors d'oevres. Staff very friendly and helpful. 1 block from tube. Walking distance to everything. Numerous restaurants and shopping nearby. I was concerned about noise but we had no issues at all. We were upgraded to a jr. suite which was HUGE (especially in comparison to the normal hotel size in London). I would certainly stay here again!	
Aug 7 2009 	Awesome location - great choice for a classy London touring holiday	My partner and I spent five nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly for our five day visit to London. The location is truly outstanding - this will allow you to save a lot of time and energy for getting to most of the sights in London.Arrived on an early morning flight into Heathrow Airport. Since both the airport and hotel are on the Piccadilly tube line, this allows for easy transfer from the airport via the tube (MUCH cheaper and actually less hassle than the Heathrow Express train). The entrance and lobby of the hotel right on Piccadilly is quite regal looking - I felt priveleged to be staying here right in the center of the action! Check-in was handled expertly and courteously by Maria - she was eager to get us into a room right away even though it was only 10AM. We were given an upgrade to a deluxe room as we were SPG Gold members - this also provided us a lovely welcome gift of water and chocolate truffles delivered to our room at check-in - and much appreciated. Maria gave information about al hotel amenities and escorted us to our room on second floor. The kind and professional reception immediately made us feel welcome and feeling we had made the right choice in booking the Le Meridien.The room was quite large for a city hotel, furnishings looked classy and comfortable. A large walk-in closest with lots of drawer and storage space large safe, and luxury cotton robes. Room was decorated in a classic style with elements of modern art and British regency thrown in to add a little bit of local design flair. Big, heavy drapes were drawn to to totally black-out the light in the room so we could take a quick post-flight nap. The bed was heavenly - I knew this would be appreciated over the next five days of busy touring! Bathroom was good size with excellent shower (good water temp and pressure). Nice bathroom amenities provided and always restocked each day as needed. Room looked spotlessly clean to me and was always serviced and felt fresh each day when we returned to our room for afternoon break.Air conditioning always worked well in our room - it was suggested to not run it constantly as the compressor units tend to freeze up on these older units if run continuously for days-on-end. Just turn it off when you are away from the room and it seems to work fine when you need it in the evening.We never heard noises from outside our room except for one unpleasant night when the neighboring room contained a screeming baby (Literally the child screamed every two hours through out the night - thank goodness they stayed only one night!)Got a chance to use the pool a couple of evenings. What a treat to have a large, goreous pool for use in a city hotel! perfect tempature of the water, nice deep water available in the pool - and a jacuzzi spa. Fitness center also well-equipped and very clean.Restaurant (The Terrace) served a wonderful breakfast buffet - huge variety and good quality of food - albeit a bit pricey. There are also other menu options. Also had a very lovely dinner here one night - great food (French cuisine) and service Terrace Rest. is located on a glass-canopy covered terrace on the second floor of the hotel. This setting allows you to appreciate the architectual details of the hotel and also enjoy the twilight scenes and shadows as the sun is setting on Piccadilly - just delightful!Without exception - all staff that I encountered at the hotel (reception, concierge, bellman, servers, housekeeping) were very professional, friendly but unobtusive, special kudos to Maria. Only problem that I encountered was initially getting the Internet service to work - but it was quickly resolved with a call to &quot;Le Service - they diagnosed the problem with the service and called me back within 10 minutes and it worked fine from that point on. Laundry service was also lovely (and quick), but it did cost almost as much to launder the clothes as it did to buy them - but it's vacation in the heart of chic London - so just go with the flow!We throroughly enjoyed our holiday in London and staying at Le Meridien Piccadilly really enhanced our stay. If you choose the Le Meridien, you'll be right in the middle of Westminster, close to the parks, Buckingham Palace, Covent Garden, Mayfair restaurants and shopping and the West End Theatres, and more. It will cost you, but trust me - it will be a wonderful experience - I'd highly recommend this place to others seeking a high-end experience in the center of tourist London!	
Aug 3 2009 	Relaxing and comfortable stay	Got a good deal with Last Minute for a night in London with my daughter. I didn't expect much after reading the various reviews and when we arrived early for check in was pleased with the helpful and courteous staff. Our overnight bags were whisked away whcih left us free to go and get some lunch and theatre tickets. When we came back we were allocated our room which was roomy, bright and airy with large windows. Air con worked fine.Bathroom small but perfectly adequate with a range of toiletries and a bottle of water. Bed and bedding extremely comfortable. Robes in wardrobe. For the price I paid, it was extraordinarily good value. Gym looked great and pool welcoming but unfortunately children only allowed to swim from 6-8.30 in the evening (perhaps not the same rules at weekends) which was a disappointment but the only niggle we had. Would recommend the hotel for its friendly staff, fantastic location and comfortable rooms. Oh yes and the lifts are all working without any hitches!	
Aug 2 2009 	Amazing suite (SPG redemption)	I would second other comments, but this review is aimed at Starpoints redeemers. First, the overall stuff. Fantastic location in several senses: close to Trafalgar Square/Buckingham; super-easy to main stations like King's Cross/St Pancras via Tube; and smack dab in center of theater district. The staff are good but a bit harried, the facilities show a wee bit of wear (I actually found it quite comfortable, rather than tired-looking), and the hotel services like bar and internet are rather expensive. (My 'quesadilla' at the bar was 5 pounds and was smaller than a Taco Bell soft taco.) Always a wait at the elevators, which are strangely small. Now, the SPG-related notes. I booked a basic room using SPG points and was upgraded free to the largest hotel suite I have ever stayed in. (For points experts, it was a weekend and I have Gold status, not Platinum.) It is the 'executive suite' and it was probably 90 square meters (950 square feet). There were a spacious living room with seating for 8, two full bathrooms, a little entrance hallway, and a very grand bedroom with an old-fashioned covered bed with carved wood posts and draperies at the sides (don't know the name for this). Spacious round dining tables in both the bedroom and living room. There was even a little cabinet with old books. For a family with children, this would have been an amazing place to relax after a hectic day on the crowded streets. The room was labeled SPG, so maybe it's generally available to upgraders?Bar: I also received a 5-pound discount on a welcome drink. Quite needed, as the drinks are fairly expensive, from 7 or 8 pounds for a beer to 13 pounds for a glass of champagne. You get a generous-sized plate of munchies (pretzels, wasabi peas, peanuts), but still.I am not sure if this was an SPG amenity or part of the points redemption, but I got a note at check-in offering a welcome from room service. It turned out to be a platter with an orange, a few fresh berries and a little bar of organic chocolate. Combined with the *four* free bottles of spring water in the room, that was terrifically welcome after my journey.Finally, as part of SPG gold, received free 4 p.m. checkout without a problem despite what seemed to be a busy weekend at the hotel. Based on overheard conversation at front desk, this is usually 50 pounds extra.	
Jul 30 2009 	great location	this hotel is located right near a tube stop and walking distance to lots of sights all over london! the hotel is near lots of restaurants and nightlife. the staff was a little indifferent, but the rooms are roomy and nice.	
Jul 25 2009 	Overpriced view of the dining room	I stayed at the Meridien Picadilly for one night on business, checking in early following a flight from Australia - so paid for two nights. The room was typical for London - very small, but imagine my surprise when I opened the curtains to find a view of the dining room.The bathroom taps dripped, and the floor boards creaked.A room like this should be heavily discounted - not the 500 Pds corporate rate I paid.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good hotel great location	We stayed our first three nights in Europe. Very easy to get to from Heathrow on the Tube; arrived at the hotel at 9:30 am and they were very accommodating holding our luggage as we went to get food -- then they had our rooms ready at 10:00 am! which was a bonus for weary travelers. The rooms were larger than I expected -- older but completely adequate and clean. The air conditioning was superb for a European hotel -- the BEST of our whole two-week trip through Europe. Skip the hotel restaurant -- there are SO many other wonderful choices available. The location of this hotel cannot be beat -- you can walk to EVERYTHING and the tube stop is 1/2 block away. You walk 5 minutes through PIcadilly Circus and you are in Covent Garden and Leicester Square for dinner. Walk the other way 5 minutes, literally, and you are at the back gate of Buckingham Palace through the gorgeous Green Park. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Cant beat the Location	The location is IDEAL off Piccadilly, close to everything and the Tube stop and yet quiet. Although the front desk always had a wait, not the end of the world. The gym/spa has been upgraded from the last time I was year (about 1 1/2 years ago)... love the pool but the locker areas need stiffing up. The rooms are good in that they are are not your standard shape and decor and bed are very comfy; big bath towels too! Wish they provided the bill under my door like all the other Starwood properties, to save me from having to wait to check out. Overall a very good hotel and pleasant stay,	
Jul 22 2009 	Great Location and Great Staff	My son and I stayed one night and were plesantly surprised at the hotel. This my thrid trip to London this year on business and 1st time staying at this hotel. After reading some of the reviews, we were a little concerned especially since I was planning on going back to the hotel July 24th for 2 nights with my family of 5 for vacation. The front desk staff was extremely helpful . We arrived at about 1:30pm after a 10 hour flight from LAX, and the room was not ready as they were full the night before. I advised them that we had a meeting we needed to get changed for and leave by 3 pm. They offered the spa for us to freshen up in and change. They then rushed the room and had us in by 2:30. We got a nice gift of fresh fruit delivered to our room as SPG members. The bed was great even though the room needed a little updating we were very satisfied. We got a family room with 2 double beds, and it was huge! We can not wait to go back this Friday! The people who had negative feeling of this hotel must be very picky!	
Jul 21 2009 	Hotel ok but forget the Restaurant !	We have stayed in the LE MERIDIEN as we were having a short Trip to London. We do always try to stay in Starwood Hotels because, until now, we have always been very satisfied with this Group. However, this might change...The HotelAs many before, yes, the Hotel is outworn. It's old but charming. We had a Room on the 4th Floor. They said this floor was renovated, but then I don't want to see the other floors. The carpet was so dirty I would put shoes on to my dog to pass over it.The Pool was great, but also there the changing Rooms are not what you expect in a 5 Star. It was more like a 3 Star or less.The BreakfastSplendid. No really, this was by far the most complete breakfast I've ever seen in a Hotel. Above all expectations !The RestaurantWell, that's the other side of the story. Worse, worsen or catastrophic, you can chose. Personnel which is not clearly speaking English, or does not understand this Language (hey, yes, we are in England !), stupidity without an end, simply unbelievable. Forget it, go to Planet Hollywood next door and you are better served then here. Food was cold when served, sides only partially supplied and drinks, ah yes, still waiting for them.So above all : get another Hotel. It's much to expensive for the results you get. I will definitly not stay in this Hotel again, and, yes, dear Starwood Group, you better give me an correct answer to my request otherwise, it was the last Starwood Hotel I've ever stayed in ! Hope this is worth you the 50 £ you did not want to cancel on the invoice.But hey, its your money....	
Jul 11 2009 	Nice hotel with issues	Plusses: location, responsive staff, nice in-door pool and steam room, plus a well-stocked Club lounge and food presentation. Minuses: Guest rooms could benefit from an update, housekeeping was hit-or-miss, and common areas were uncomfortably warm. Overall, a nice but unexceptional stay.That said, I still would return to this property.SPG PLA on points.	
Jul 10 2009 	Terrible rooms but good location	This is not your typical Le Meridien as the rooms are terrible. The carpeting is full of stains, the AC is not existent and in the common areas it is uncomfortably warm. There was also a very bad odor in the room that never went away. The only plus here is the location which is right in the middle of restaraunts, night life and site seeing. I travel to London a few times a year and I will not stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly ever again. This hotel is in MAJOR need of renovation and I suggest they shut down the entire property and rehab the entire property.	
Jul 10 2009 	a great hotel in a great location	This hotel was in a great location (as there was a tube strike) our whole stay and the city was in gridlock. We were able to walk to most attractions, great restaurants/ shopping and theatre. The a/c wasnt good, but you get that in the uk/europe. The concierge here were magic, they were the most helpful during our months visit to europe. Of mention was the young south afrikan dutch boy.dont waste your money on upgrading to club statis , it wasnt worth the money and the staff were over run each night trying to keep up the drink and food.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location hotel ok	The hotel location is fantastic, pool is a very special feature of this hotel, the SPG club lounge facilities are below par for Starwood, as the space devoted to the Club lounge is cramped and stuffy. I experienced great service from front door staff, but check in was slow. Requested newspapers don't arrive, so be sure to insist. Platinum upgrades are possible, but not without requesting.	
Jul 6 2009	Great start to 50th anniversary trip.	Our first stop on our European trip to celebrate our 50th anniversary was LeMeridien Piccadilly. It was a fabulous location, very nice room and excellent breakfast (included). Would definitely stay there again. Only problem encountered was mini-fridge never worked, but we were incorrectly charged for 4 bottles of water. Credit was issued with apologies.	
Jul 1 2009 	the manager sally is rude	was discriminated against at the front door when entering after hours. complained to the manager sally, but she didnt care and was rude. not happy- particularly as I spend over 200 nights a year in starwood hotels.	
Jun 30 2009 	Still my place to stay in London	This was my 3rd stay at the LeMeridien Piccadilly in the last year and Im happy to say this was the best one yet! Things have improved since the last time I stayed here. Some of the rooms have been upgraded; they are clean, nice but still on the small side. However, the building itself is old, and very warm in the common areas, to the point where its almost uncomfortable. The two major draws to this hotel are the Staff and the location. As I have said in a previous review location is the best in London. The Staff at this hotel is what keeps me coming back. I am a huge Mandarin Oriental fan, and generally stay there when there is one available. However, I could not think about staying anywhere other than this hotel.From the moment I walked in, I was happy to see Jaques, by far the best doorman around. He goes out of his way to help every guest......I even saw him obtain a blackberry charger for a guest who was in desperate need. I also saw him escort a guest to a destination nearby. Again Mark, Konrad and Ali make an excellent team and are professional and efficient. I had to change rooms and Ali moved my stuff in minutes, which was greatly appreciated. Mark is a pleasure (and also hilarious). The concierge team here is top notch. Paul , the head concierge has years experience. Luis and George make an awesome team. I have taken every suggestion they have provided and they have never steered me wrong. You want something done they will take care of it. Filippo, was also very helpful and a pleasure. He handled several of my requests. The club lounge, which is a recent addition is relaxing. There are always cold drinks, breakfast in the am and snacks at 530pm. The lounge manager Holger, keeps it spotless fully stocked and takes great pride in his work. The guy works hard and is pleasure to be around. Michael and Mai also work in the lounge and are both excellent and go out of their way to help you. During evening snacks, they have a cured ham leg that is very good. At 3pm I was in the mood for soem, so Michael went out of the way to the kitchen to get me a fresh cut plate of it. Thanks!Maria is the SPG relations manager and is wonderful! She switched my room to a newly renovated room and was the best!Laurence at the front desk handled my checkin and was vvery professional. My reservation came with free inroom wi-fi, but there is no WIFI. So naturally I wanted in room internet, so he naturally took care of it in a text book manner. He is also a very sharp dresser. In this review I tried to focus on the individual staff members and how they made my stay the best yet. For anything regarding facilities check the previous review	
Jun 24 2009 	Superb location	Stone throw from Piccadilly Circus tube station. 5 min walk from Leicester Square. Walking distance to Oxford Circus. Room small. Bathroom good size. Friendly staff. We asked for a converter and one was brought up immediately. Flat screen TV but very limited channels - satellite channels available for fee. Internet service available for fee but free on Mezzanine Club level. Nice selection of continental breakfast item and afternoon snacks. Make sure to take some time and use the pool facilities. Only downside 1) feels like part of the room was renovated and part was not. The bed was comfy. There was a giant stain on the headboard that's satin/fabric but if you don't look closely you won't notice. The furniture however felt sticky. 2) There were only 2 elevators and one was out of service starting the 2nd night we were there - so be patient. You can't beat the location though.	
Jun 23 2009 	Lovely London getaway in a great hotel	I enjoyed a lovely stay in this hotel in June on a great deal from hotwire. For location, you can't ask for better. Right in the centre of nightlife, shopping and tons of restaurants, you can't find a better spot. Saying that, our stay was quiet and relaxing. All guests have access to a lovely pool, jacuzzi, sauna and gym. The hotel also provides all the towels you need plus lovely robes and slippers. The pillows are gigantic, the beds are very comfortable and the shower pressure is perfect. It's a great spot for exploring the city too with the Piccadilly line seconds from the hotel door.I have been to London before but this was the best trip ever with great thanks to this fantastic hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Forget it	I have a couple of words for you: worn, old, tired, outdated, pricey, noisy..The location is good if you are in town for shopping. But things are sooo outdated in this place. Elevators under renovation (causing minute long waites), staff has seen better days (not rude, but not really friendly/helpful eitehr), the rooms are outdated and worn (my superior room was large in size though), furniture was certainly classy (30 years ago). Slowest internet I have seen in a business hotel. And no WLAN in room.	
Jun 20 2009 	Very Dissapointed	This was my first stay to Le Meridien Piccadilly. My firm uses this hotel almost exclusively since our London office is in close proximity (literally a 3 minute walk). I was excited to stay here, since it looked so great on the website. I was truly dissapointed with the rooms in the hotel, especially for what we were paying a night! After this trip, my colleagues and I are seriously discussing staying elsewhere in the future.I must say, the staff was excellent. Every interaction with them was positive. They were helpful, and definitely went &quot;above&quot; (as I would expect with this brand).Upon check-in, I was told I was being upgraded. I really would hate to see what the &quot;standard&quot; room looked like if I received an upgrade.Comments about the room:1. Floors squeeked terribly. I know this is an old hotel, but come on - something can be done to fix this. I'm an early riser and was tip-toeing around because I didn't want to disturb the people underneath me.2. Carpet was extremely worn, and extremely dirty. I left socks on (which I NEVER do) because I felt the carpet was so nasty.3. Bathroom looked like the cleaning people ran out of cleaning supplies. Tiles needed serious cleaning.4. Room smelled musty. In speaking with my colleagues (who were staying on other parts of the same floor - the 4th floor), they said the same thing.General comments:1. Charging for the Internet in this day and age (especially at the rate we paid per night), is silly. The bulk of people I saw in this hotel appeared to be business travelers.. There's no reason why I should have to pay for Internet, especially when many other chains now provide it as part of the room rate.	
Jun 20 2009 	Very Disappointing; Certainly Not A Credit to Starwood or Le Meridien	Despite the somewhat negative reviews on TripAdvisor I booked this hotel using Starwood Points. I also paid 60 pounds per night for an upgrade to the Club level where I was informed via the website that rooms had been upgraded. The room I received was not at all upgraded; in fact, all furnishings were old, the room was on two levels, with the desk &quot;upstairs&quot; and the bed, a lumpy, very uncomfortable affair, &quot;downstairs&quot;, and a tiny bathroom that was well below the typical size for a London hotel. Back at the front desk I asked about the so-called upgrade and was informed that yes I'd been upgraded. The hotel finally agreed to put me in a better room but after an uncomfortable first night I left the hotel, very disappointed.If the entire property was as you view upon entering the lobby, fine. Sadly, it's not at even close.	
Jun 15 2009 	Not worth the Le Meridien brand	This is was my third and last stay at this hotel. This hotel is clearly stuck in time and is only good for its location (next door to starbucks) and for its fantastic gym and full-size pool. Everything else is not worth the brand. I travel 2 weeks of every month and stay at primarily Starwood brands, so have been in different Le Meridiens across Europe. The ones in Vienna and Turin are very nice, and even the dated property in Brussels has a lot going for it. But this London property just needs too much in repairs. So where do I begin... Every time I stayed here I had to move rooms. If the room furnishings, which are generally very old, were ok, then the bathroom are typical of 3-stars or less: rusty shower heads and bathtubs, low ceilings, banged up doors, reminding me of college student dorms. They don't have the concept of SPG floors yet. One time they had no other place to move me but a smoking room. It smelled so bad all week, I had to smoke a cigar just to enjoy my stay, run air on full and keep window open. This time, at check-out they gave me a 100pound gift-charge from the mini-bar!!! Luckily I caught it by the time I left. This last time, I booked a spacious club room for 300+pounds/night to make sure I get a nice room. No luck, my first room had barely any space, was clearly newly remodeled. But the good ends here. The newly remodeled panels for power and light switches were comming off the wall, the windows had to be closed with curtains because they faced inside the building, and to get to this &quot;club room&quot; I had to climb through 2 flights of stairs, which I wasn't told by the reception employee. Called the service desk, they found me a temp room for the night before a nice new room became available next day. The temp room was one of the old ones, large, but horrible bathroom. The next they, as promised they moved me to a very large room facing parts of the Picadilly st. But this room, again with dated items, smelled already, had to run air for 2 days. Of course, even the air didn't work, as they were working on it that day. Next day, a little better, but again, while parts of the bathroom were upgraded, it was a shoddy work clearly and shower heads had no cold water option, just warm and hot. Finally, to make this stay even &quot;better&quot;, a 9-story hotel had only 1 elevator working, which added 5-mins of waiting time. So, finally, what i saw was that some staff really tried and were clearly working to help the situation. But they are overwhelmed by the expectations people have of this brand and the lack of resources the hotel places on properly meeting the brands expectation in reality. Starwood needs to do a full exam and take its brand until they get in shape. Just see the Vienna and Turin locations to see what Le Meridien should look like.	
Jun 14 2009 	Pleasant Surprise	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. There was some concern with a few of the negative reviews, but we were pleasantly surprised that none of it was evident. The internet service was pricey, but this seems to be fairly consistant for hotels in London.	
Jun 14 2009 	What a shame !	I stayed two nights with my daughter aged 10. After check out, they sent me an invoice two days later for £120 of minibar !!! Of course, I never used anything from that minibar. I sent the same day an e-mail to the writer of the invoice and to the guest relation manager... I am still waiting for an answer to my claim and for my money back.What a shame !!! If you stay at the Meridien, don't give your credit card number !!!	
Jun 11 2009 	good hotel for its price point but they need more staff	Location's great, a few yards from Piccadilly circus and tube. No complaints there. I was staying on a client's account, but I believe the room rate was very attractive (tho' that's probably a function of the recession - may not always be the case!). The room was fine, typical 4-5 star London hotel style, a bit overdone for my taste but no complaints; very little sunlight, but again, this is in the middle of a big city, so no real complaint. The bathroom was good, with a bathtub and good lighting. The internet worked fine (tho' like all the ancilliaries it was very expensive) and there was a kettle to make tea (the most important facility in my book!).Breakfast was very good - a multicultural choice with great variety, in a sunny room with a good range of newspapers available. The pool, in the basement, was a plus, about 15m long (or wide - it's square!) and was very busy in the early morning with people swimming laps (which I like - I train better in a crowd!).Everything not included in the room rate (launcry, internet, etc) was very expensive, as you would expect in central London. No surprises, and I'm sure the hotel's overheads are huge too - can't fault them too much here.My main complaint was the thin staffing. It took two calls and almost half an hour to get a light bulb in the room replaced. At initial check in, I had to wait over 10 minutes to check in as there was only a single clerk on duty. Also at check-in, I couldn't correct a reservation mistake without going back to the travel agent... in a different time zone, so in effect it took a day to resolve. Some more flexibility at the check in desk on this would have been appreciated. Furthermore, once I'd extended my stay, and requested the associated revalidation of my room access card... a junior clerk had to ask for help to reprogramme the thing, and then it stil didn't work, thereby necessitating another trip downstairs to get it fixed (and therefore starting a conference call late). A few more bodies on the customer service side might have resolved some of these issues faster.All in all, this is a perfectly good quality hotel in a super location, with only a few service glitches to mar the experience. Whether it's good value or not, fairly obviously, depends on how much you pay, and these days that's a rapidly moving target!	
Jun 6 2009 	Fantastic Location Fantastic Staff	This was my second visit to the hotel on Starwood Points as a Gold SPG member. This year, having read some of the recent comments about air conditioning, I contacted the hotel in advance to make sure I could get a room with a good air conditioner. The response was immediate and fantastic. SPG concierges Maria and David tag teamed to answer all my questions and offer me an upgraded room with good air conditioner. When I got there, I found they had booked me in an upgraded junior suite with a separate living room, bedroom, and modern bath and an air conditioner that kept the room to my liking (cold!) The room didn't have a view, other than the air shaft, but other than needing to call the concierge in the morning to check the weather, it wasn't an issue. The linens were soft the bed extremely comfortable and the overall service during my four day stay perfect. As I was visiting my daughter who lives in London and staying alone at the hotel, the location, along with the tube and bus access, was a great convenience I felt safe at all hours and didn't have to take any taxis, even in the evening.	
Jun 3 2009 	Thank you	My girlfriend &amp; I spent last saturday night in London &amp; had an great time staying at this hotel. I have to be honest and say that this was a complimentary night very kindly offered by the hotel, as we'd had an awful room on our previous stay there. We were given a deluxe room on the 4th floor (room 423, if interested) and it was everything we wished for &amp; more, stunning, apart from the view, which always seems to be looking inwards at all the ducts &amp; other rooms. I do wonder which rooms get to overlook Piccadilly.However, I'd just like to thank the hotel for keeping their promise and giving the two of us a fantastic w/end. Our faith is very much restored in this hotel. Thank you very much.	
Jun 2 2009 	Time for an upgrade	Just had a two night stay at Le Meridien which prooved to be disappointing. I have stayed many times at the hotel and this is the first time I have been disappointed. You can not fault the staff, location, pool or the Terrace bar. However, I think it is definetely time for the rooms to have an upgrade. Checked in at 6pm after a long day at work which involved travelling from 5pm that morning. 1st room - stank of paint, so at least the upgrading has commenced. Waited an hour for 2nd room which I didn't mind. Settled in for an early night - room service and a movie. The movies did not work despite the valient efforts of an engineer. Had bath instead - enabled me to notice that the bathroom needed a good clean. Had to ring down for a hairdryer. Did not get much sleep due to thinness of walls and noisy neighbours, plus the curtains did not close properly so woken up by day light. Booked to stay at the Haymarket Hotel round the corner for my next trip to London. Looking for another hotel for trips in November &amp; December.	
May 27 2009 	Le Meridien Piccadilly...Great Location	As Starwood Preferred Gold Members, we typically book Starwood properties for a majority of our travel. Having booked this hotel then reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, we were a little nervous as to what we were going to walk into. Please note, we were pleasantly surprised and pleased with our selection. We were so glad that we didn't change to either of the other Starwood properties in London! This hotel is within walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Regents Street (great shopping), theater district (Phantom of the Opera/MaMa Mia/etc.), major attractions (Westminster, Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, Buckingham Palace, St James/Green Parks, etc). If walking is not your cup of tea, the Piccadilly Underground is a 1-2 min walk to the left of the hotel and a bus stop is right there. As for the staff, we received a warm welcome from everyone we met throughout our stay. Our room was not ready when we arrived, but we were given access to the gym and club floor immediately so we could freshen up. Our rooms were ready within in 45 mins of arrival for early check-in. Through out the week all sort of kindness was displayed to our family. For example, one particular bellhop, Vasco, was really great to our son. He always entertained him as we entered/departed the hotel. My intent is to publicly thank him for making our son smile and laugh.As for the room, yes the carpets were worn, there was a stain on one of the headboards, and we were missing one valance from our window, but the beds were really comfortable with crisp white linens, fluffy pillows, large white towels, bathrobes, a flat panel tv, and temperature control panel for our room. Our rooms were cleaned and bed turned down nightly. Our family enjoyed the pool at the end of the evening. It's great for relaxing! Don't forget to bring your swimsuits.The positives outweigh the imperfections of this hotel. We would definitely stay here again for the location and service.	
May 27 2009 	A fantastic stay for a surprize celebration	My husband surprized me with a theatre trip for my 50th birthday. The hotel was brilliant, in the centre of everything. Staff were fantastic and couldn't do enough for you.Being able to leave our bag knowing it was safe on the day we left meant we could enjoy a full day around London.Only thing that we were not sure of and could find info on was the autocharge mini bar. Hope we were not charged for just looking. Other than that could not fault this lovely hotel and would love to go again very soon.	
May 26 2009 	Reasonable Expectation = Excellent Stay	We stayed 6 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly. We made our reservation via hotwire. We were initially a little nervous about it as we read some horrible reviews here and on other travel websites. But we decided to take a chance anyway and we are glad we did.On the plus side: As noted by all the positive reviews, the location is indeed unbeatable. (Proximity to night life is a high priority for us.) Our room was huge for London standard and clean, and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. The pool is beautiful and the gym was excellent. We were generally happy with the service. The young woman that checked us in was very helpful. The doormen/concierge/bellmen/housekeepers were all professional and friendly, very responsive in all of our interactions. We were a little irked that when requesting to delay check-out by an extra an hour, the staff at reception asked for an extra £50. Otherwise, the service was reasonably good.There are certainly little imperfections. The carpeting and some of the furniture in our room need some serious updating. The elevators behaved somewhat erratically, the toilet flushed very slowly, the walls/door were a little thin so we can hear the housekeeping staff working pretty early in the morning. The room would not have been satisfactory if we were paying full rack rate, but I think it is simply unreasonable for people to pay hotwire prices (or even expedia or travelocity prices) and expect 5-star luxury. The hotel is being updated (perhaps very gradually) as we noticed renovation crew down the other end of our floor, and I assume if you pay the full price, you would be given an up-to-date room without all the little imperfections. All the shared facilities (health club, pool, restaurant) are of four-star quality. Like other top-rated hotels, prices for additional stuff like mini-bar and wireless internet are very expensive. Given the location, you should have no problem finding cheaper and better alternatives for these services.So, we are very happy with our stay, and feel we got excellent value for the price we paid.	
May 22 2009 	Great Location Needs a bit of refreshing	I love London and this hotel is in a very busy location. I prefer renting a flat in Mayfair or Nottinghill. The staff is fabulous, helpfull and full of great information. Our rooms and hallways are we bit dated and need to be freshen up. The mattresses are wonderfull.	
May 21 2009 	Much improved especially for SPG Plats--now a great pick!!	Last time I stayed at this property (on business) you couldn't get me out of the hotel fast enough--the location was great, and the health club (especially the pool) very nice, but the room but dusty and old. I spent another ~30 nights on business in London last year after that and didn't return to the Meridian, all the while advising my colleagues not to stay there.For a recent vacation I thought I'd give it another try, given it's proximity to Piccadilly, the West End Theaters (Theatres) and Chinatown, and we were glad we did. The key is to ask for a &quot;renovated room&quot;, which all seem to have updated furniture and been cleaned this century.What really makes this hotel is the club lounge, which is free for Starwood Platinum members. Holger and the other lounge staff really went the extra mile to make our family feel welcome and meet our needs. Their performance, and the convenience of the lounge, the free snacks, coffee and breakfast, are a big part of the reason why this hotel is now my new favorite for London.I should also mention Maria at the SPG front desk, who went out of her way to help us when the Europe SPG Platinum desk was unable to. Great service all around.Finally, the pool is amazing-reminiscent of an underground roman bath. It's also usually empty, which suited my 4 year old just fine.me	
May 21 2009 	Great Location but Overall Disappointing Stay	The location of this hotel is great and we knew that from living in London and from staying at this hotel before. We were just coming in for the weekend and wanted to stay in the heart of everything so despite not really liking the hotel much last time, we booked again. I think this will be our last stay though.The staff is nice, the bell guy is always there and they always open the door and greet you. The downstairs looks nice but we were disappointed with our room. We're starwood preferred platnium (or something!) and usually get very good upgrades. We called down to make sure we had gotten an upgrade and they said we had but the room looked like a standard room. I couldn't imagine what the standard room was like. The room was fine, very comfortable bed, but again, not very big and didn't offer anything special that an upgraded room would. The bathroom is okay, nice products and the shower/bath combo is okay, but I hate that there is a single sink and no where to put your toiletries, I had to put mine on the floor.We called the concierge for help with a dinner reservation and it took him an hour to call back -- we had booked ourselves by then. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on that.Oh and my ultimate pet peeve - the in-the-drawer blowdryer that takes half an hour to dry your hair! For a 5-star luxury hotel, and a supposed upgraded room, this is unacceptable. See the photo.Overall, we pay more than £200 per night for an average room at a well-located hotel. I think we could do much better spending the same amount of money elsewhere in the area. We got free bottled water in the room but besides that, didn't get any perks (and I don't know what that room upgrade was!) for being Starwood Platnium. We love Starwoods and generally like Le Meridiens but this will be our last stay at this one.	
May 12 2009 	Much better than expected!	My boyfriend and I picked this hotel blindly from Hotwire. I was excited when the name showed as Le Meridien, as their hotels are highly rated all over the world. And then we Trip Advisored it. Reviews were mixed - people either loved it or hated it. So we were both a little wary about what sort of experience we would get there. Suffice it to say that we were very pleasantly surprised. The location absolutely cannot be beat. It is very centrally located right on the curve of Piccadilly Circus, 15 minutes away from Leicester Square, 20 from Covent Garden, 10 minutes away from Oxford Street and all the shopping of Regent Street literally right around the corner. There was also a huge branch of Barclay's across the street and a large Boots chemist as well. Upon our arrival, we were tired and worn from our travels of the night before. Our flight had been delayed by over 12 hours and the airline transferred us to another, sub-par flight so that we could make our reservations at Gordon Ramsay. When we checked in, the lovely lady at reception gave us a choice of rooms. We could either take the one that was immediately available or wait an hour for the nicer room to be ready. No prizes for guessing, we waited for the nicer room.We were able to leave our luggage with reception and go next door the Starbucks and have a nice cup of tea and a sandwich and rest up a bit while our room was being prepared. We also took the opportunity to stroll down to Green Park and back to enjoy some of the rare London sunshine. When we got back to the hotel our room was ready and we were thrilled by what we saw when we opened the door. The bed was large and made with very comfortable linens and the fluffiest pillows ever. We had been placed in a room towards the back of the hotel so we never got any noise from the busy street below. We had a flat-panel television and a well stocked mini-bar. The room itself was charmingly decorated with a mix of modern and traditional style furniture. The bathroom was fairly large with marble flooring and vanity. The toiletries were nice as well. Contrary to what I had read on Trip Advisor, the air conditioning worked just fine and we were very comfortable with being able to adjust the temperature to our liking. The service was impeccable. Every receptionist was friendly and the concierge was knowledgeable and polite. He even looked up the kick-off time of the Manchester Utd. game for us. We'd gone to Borough Market on Saturday and brought back a can of foie gras and when we couldn't locate a can opener, we mentioned it to the concierge and he sent someone from room service up to take care of it for us. The young man from room service appeared just after we made it to our room, whisked the can away and reappeared five minutes later - the foie gras was opened and presented on a lovely little plate. You can't ask for much more than that!I was rather sad to leave London after our wonderful stay there. I will certainly be back!A word of advice - it does pay off to become a Starwoods member. Do not hesitate to mention this upon check in. The staff will go the extra mile for you if you do.	
May 10 2009 	great location accounts department shocking!	We booked a 'top secret hotel' and stayed here on a weekday in Jan 09. Location is excellent, right at the bottom of regent street, tube right outside. The room was really big and the bathroom enormous (see photos)! As mentioned in other reviews, the furniture was a bit shabby and worn for a 5* hotel.There is a health club and swimming pool in the basement and it is really nice. We didn't use the gym but went swimming and into the jacuzzi and at no extra cost. The pool is huge for a central hotel and beautifully maintained. We felt like it was our own private healthclub as there wasn't anyone else there.Don't drink in the bar- £12 for an irish coffee! although the service is goodThe only gripe that I have is that they added a £39 charge to my visa bill without telling me, for mini bar drinks which we never had- must have been the people before us. I have called them 3 times and written to them to try to get my money back but they don't respond, it's infuriating!	
May 6 2009 	Old but wonderful	I had read some very negative reviews on this site of this hotel before I left for London and I was terrified!! My husband was traveling for work and I was going to be with the kids. My mother would also be staying at the hotel on some of the dates.I was so pleasantly surprised when I got there. The room for the family was large, the beds comfy and the location just amazing!! And I am a sucker for a good turn down service. Yes, some of the items were old (the hairdryer, and the carpet and one elevator was broken the whole time we were there) So for me that pushed it down to a 4 star instead of a 5 (but those things were so minor).The staff is very busy at all times but they never seems frazzled and they always smiled.My mother's room was small but standard European small, nothing unusual. And the appointments were top grade.I got a great rate via Hotwire but they treated my entire party as if we were paying full price.It was a wonderful experience.Oh, and yes - internet is expensive but there is a Kinkos about a 10 minute walk away which is a fraction of the price!! But then again, most hotels are expensive for internet.	
May 1 2009	My best stay in London ever	Hotel was fantastic - great room, perfect location. I was only in London for 2 nights, and I was able to walk around and see all the sights from this hotel. It is my new favorite hotel in London!	
Apr 22 2009 	Central location halfway worth the money. You can do better.	I just returned from a 5-night stay at Le Meridien. The staff were very accommodating, but this hotel, which is already quite expensive, charges for everything. They even charge for internet access in their lobby. This hotel is quite old with an interesting war history (ask the doorman). This means there are some lovely architectural touches, but that it's also outdated and crumbling around the edges significantly more than you would expect. On the plus side, the beds had the most incredible pillows and you are just steps away from the Piccadilly Square Tube station, which is a straight shot from Heathrow. I will not stay here again, though it could have been much worse.	
Apr 20 2009 	Some surface flaws but the staff makes this hotel a top place to stay	We have just returned from a 2 night weekend stay at this hotel and we found the whole experience overall to be excellent. As an SPG Platinum we were upgraded to an Exec Suite and apart from some discolouration of grouting on the bathroom tiles which was repaired within an hour of my raising this as an issue, the room was good. Now if you want a modern London hotel then this is not the hotel for you - if you want character and staff who are extremely friendly/professional/courteous then this is the place for you. This is my second visit to the hotel and I can only say that we had an excellent time. We used the club room which was superb and the whole buzz in the hotel left you with a great feeling. We went to see Priscilla which is only 10 minutes walk from the hotel and again that was a great show. We had lunch on Saturday in the Terraces restaurant and this was extremely good.Overall, this is not a modern slick uber-chic hotel - and nor would I want it to be - it is a beautiful building in a prime location with the friendliet staff you will probably meet in a London hotel - so give the hotel a break those of you who criticise the smallest of flaws and enjoy the experience.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location - everything else lets it down.....	I stayed here last October so I apologise about the late review.We were going into town for a meal and thought we would take the oppertunity to stay over. We booked the Le Meridien as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel through an online company. When we found out it was the Le Meridien we were very happy as the location was amazing and the hotel looked great.Check in: fairly straight forward - check in staff were pleasant, process fairly quick. We had to leave a security deposit of £50 which is fairly standard now in top London hotels. The reception area was impressive and we set off to our room.Room: The room was disappointing. Very small and reminded me of a room in an old peoples home! There was a step up to a balconied area with a chintz fabric decorated chair and a small table. We were disappointed with the size of the room. All the norm facilities within the room.... mini bar - very expensive, hairdyer, tv etc.Unfortunately my travelling companion was leaving very early the following morning so the plan was to get breakfast in the room at 6am, I would then stay on - have a swim etc before checking out.We ordered breakfast for between 6am - 615am. This is where the problems started. By 615am the breakfast hadnt arrived. I called down and was told it would be with us soon. We had ordered at the most popular time apparently and they couldnt get all the orders out on time. I found it quite odd that this time was the most popular on a saturday! It also would have been nice to get a little call advising it was running late.Breakfast turned up at 6:35am which meant my partner had to rush his... I decided to eat my fruit and cereal later on and went back to sleep.Between 730am and 10am Someone from the hotel attempted to enter my room 3 times.The 3rd time I called out but noone answered.I went to the door and there was a gentleman hotel worker outside the door. I asked him what he wanted - I need to change towels I was told. But Im checking out today I advised him. Yes and? was his response. Well surely you would just change the towels when you clean the roo? No response. Was there any reason why someone had tried to come in 3 times? He didnt know but suggested I should have put my Do Not Disturb sign up!! I phoned reception to complain and was told that yes i should have put the sign up. I tried to explain that I didnt as we were having breakfast and surely the staff should know if someone was checking out.There was no apology offered. This completely dampered my visit and I decided that I would not stay to use the facilities so I checked out.I paid my bill on leaving and everything was fine.2 days later I received a letter saying that the hotel has charged me an additional £15 which I queried. I was then told that it was for 2 cans of redbull and some crisps within the room. I advised I havent had anything from the room and reluctantly they agreed to refund me.I was really disappointed with our stay. The room cost just under £200 and was no way worth the money. I was disappointed with the service and attitude offered. Despite the fabulous location I would not chose the Le Meridien again. There are better hotels with better service.	
Apr 5 2009 	3-Star Hotel--Expensive and Completely Over-rated	I decided to spring for the extra cost of staying at the Le Meridien. Wow, was I disappointed. So, disappointed that this is my first TripAdvisor review ever.My room was small and smokey--despite my request for a non-smoking room. The staff then showed me other rooms that had tiny windows that looked at other windows 10-15 feet away--they were like maids rooms. They let me move hotels and didn't charge me.Anyway, their website is beautiful, their hotel is not. It's worth about 100-125 pounds a night--then maybe stay. The health club and pool were very nice.The staff, however, is incredibly pleasant and helpful.	
Apr 4 2009 	The worst hotel stay I have ever had. Free would be too much	We booked this hotel through Hotwire thinking any 5 start hotel would be a nice place to be. Well, not this one. The location is the ONLY plus to the hotel. You are in the heart of London's theater district.We were greeted with an old outdated room. No problem as long as the bed is comfortable and the room clean. NOTHING was to standard. The bedding was old and shabby, not the least bit comfortable. The hairdryer was from 1945 and did not work at all. The toilet would not flush. The shower would not drain, leaving you standing in dirty water above your ankles, with black mold or grime floating out of the drain itself. The room was hot and would never cool off. Lastly, construction took place every night until 11 pm, RIGHT outside our window. Since we were staying 4 nights, the next morning I went to talk to the front desk about a new room. I was told they would send maintenance to address my &quot;issues&quot; but another room would cost me 80 pounds additional a night. Sorry but that’s all that could be done since I wasn't a Starwood Preferred Member. WELL~ actually I am a member. I just didn't provide my card at check in. Suddenly the tune changed and my membership HAD to be made known at check in...Nothing could be done now. Later that night we retuned and yes the shower drained and (Since I INSISTED) a normal hair dryer plus a clean duvet was brought up to the room. The man who brought the duvet handed it to me and left ME to change the bedding without taking the old bedding away!For 3 additional days the toilet did not flush, the room wouldn't cool and the construction did not stop. Upon checking out I was told how sorry they were and yes we should have been moved the next day! Can you imagine? Our compensation? 5000 Starwood rewards points. What a joke. The hotel managers and desk staff were RUDE. The gym is fine and the pool nice. Don't waste your time with this hotel.	
Mar 19 2009 	Could be a four or five star hotel with a little work	My family and I just returned from a six day trip to London where we stayed at the Le Meridien. The hotel is one block from Piccadilly Circus, one of the best locations in London! It has a Starbucks two doors down and the walk to the tube stop takes only a couple of minutes. We went to the theater the last night of our stay and it too was only a five to ten minute walk. The hotel is pretty dated but the rooms are plenty big. The decor is good but not great. Bathrooms are small but well lighted. We stayed in a room facing Piccadilly Street and even with the windows open it was not noisy at all (unlike New York, car horns are not used much in London). We upgraded to the concierge floor service and were glad we did. For about $30 pounds per day we got free breakfast (continental plus), afternoon tea, and evening cocktails and hors d'oeuvres. It was well worth it for a family of four. Service at the hotel was spotty. The front desk and the people working on the concierge floor were frinedly and very helpful as were the bellmen. The people working at the concierge desk downstairs were not very friendly at all and certain of them were not very knowledgeable. Others have written that the rooms are hot and they are (I am guessing 78 degrees at night). We called several times during our stay to report it. Each time they came and worked on it and each time the temperature did improve but only for a day or two. I assume that since it is an older hotel they have difficulty regulating the temperatures throughout the hotel; in fact the lobby was usually very cool. Overall the hotel was good, but with a little work the hotel could be great.As for London, it is an amazing city. There is so much to do and see. The city is so much cleaner than major US cities. The tube is easy to use and the black cabs are very clean with extremely professional drivers. From Le Meridien you can easily walk to Leicseter Square, Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square. Also, it is not very far from Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament (you could see the clock tower that houses Big Ben from our room). What a great trip!	
Mar 14 2009 	tired worn and dirty	I stayed here on a recent business trip because it was one block from my meetings. Location is excellent, the hotel is not. The rooms are 'refurbished' but not renovated (at least the 2 that I saw). In addition to the generally poor cleanliness (pubic hairs in the tub, dirty carpets etc), I heard the television (and banging bed frame) from the room next door when trying to sleep, was awakened by a false alarm fire alarm (that was never explained by the hotel, or told it was safe - a quick phone call or phone message could have been sent to every room), 'slept' in a sweaty bed due to the lack of air conditioning and a thick duvet with no other bedding option, and was kept awake by the hallway light coming into my room and directly onto my bed from all 4 sides of the door frame (see pic - it didn't turn out very well but the light was bright). Not great for someone needing to be fesh and alert for an important meeting the next morning.There was an external construction problem that resulted in a power outage and internet outage for at least 16 hours - until the time I left. When I asked to be moved to another hotel, the manager, Angela, graciously agreed and booked me into the Park Lane initially (which is of poor standard in my experience) then eventually into the higher class Sheraton Towers. This was a welcome change - updated, silent rooms, airconditioning, internet that worked, excellent service. The hotel staff at the Le Meridien were, when approached, very helpful and kind - it's just that they did not offer any information about the internet/power outage on their own. Unfortunately, the hotel is in poor repair and just not up to anything near a luxury standard. Twice now I have had disappointing experiences with the Le Meridien chain (see my Vienna review) and I will not be going back for a third. I suggest that if you can get a room for under 150 GBP and are on vacation, staying here may be worth it for the location and the pool. Anything more than that and you will be disappointed. For people travelling on business, there are better places to spend your company's money.	
Mar 13 2009 	Never again	Got an amazing deal at the Meridien Piccadilly through hotwire.com. Read the reviews here and thought &quot;well, it can't be THAT bad.&quot; I'm here to tell you... it can be.Location is very central. About 100m from Piccadilly Circus tube stop. Lobby is very nice and, initially, the service was good. They upgraded me to a club room. It was big (with 2 en suite bathrooms), but not very clean.... stains in one of the bathtubs, the carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. Then, one night during my stay, the fire alarm went off. We evacuated only to be told it was a false alarm. Then, the power went out. And remained out for easily over 12 hours. My understanding is that this was an external problem and uncontrolled by the hotel. That doesn't excuse the fact, though, that the hotel said NOTHING about it to its guests. If I hadn't called down twice to the front desk, I think they would have pretended it didn't exist. For something billed as a 4 1/2 star hotel, I found this unacceptable, and, to be frank, downright appalling (plus, shouldn't there be a backup generator?). When, after the lights had been out for 16 hours, I called down again, and they arranged to move me to the Sheraton Park Lane down the street. Couldn't have been happier to get out of there. Will never stay there again, nor will I ever recommend it.	
Mar 10 2009 	fantastic location - smart hotel!	Right on the curve of Picadilly and regent Street - so fantastic location for central london. We had a &quot;secret hotel&quot; price so the value for us was quite good - although breakfast must be overpriced at £20-25 each even if its location is spectacular. (check if your rate includes it). Amazing swimming pool in basement. Check-in could be nicer, the head man was pretty rude and gave us a &quot;no smoking room&quot; which stank of smoke (so we changed it).	
Mar 5 2009 	as they say: this hotel has a great location but that is all!!	.and that's all.. it's not a 5 star hotel.. in your room you can hear whatever happens in the other rooms.. and outside...very bad service, bad mannered and self-important, and the concierge is simply without brain	
Mar 4 2009 	no 5 star rooms and no 5 star service but you'll get charged a 5 star price	We stayed at Le Meridien for one night only on Sat 28th feb 2009 and purchased through top secret hotels.On arrival we were given keys to our room which was so small we had to take it in turns to walk past the bed to the cupboard. The carpet was completely thread bare and coming up on one corner of the room and the wall paper on that same corner was peeling from the wall. The room although had been cleaned just looked dirty and smelled like someone had been smoking in there. the bathroom was tiny and could only fit one person in at a time,i have never complained in a hotel before in my life but this was a special occasion and we'd paid extra seeing as it was a 5 star hotel and we wanted to splash out on a bit of luxury so we went straight back down to the check in desk to complain about the room. To their credit they gave us another room which was much more acceptable considering the star rating of the hotel - although I think you are paying more for location here than luxury as still not what I would expect from a 5 star, definatley a 4 star but no higher than that.about an hour later we got sent a bottle of white wine with compliments of the hotel. Lovely! however on our return home we discovered a letter from Le Meridien to find that they had actually charged us £25 for the 'complimentary' bottle and had taken the liberty of taking the money directly from our credit card. We rang them to complain and they've agreed to refund the money - although we're still waiting for it!The spa and pool were lovely, really nice and relaxing but the service was terrible, the room not really up to scratch and I'm so peeved that they have charged us for the so called free wine.As I said before, I never complain and I've never written a review either but if we hadn't complained we would have been lumbered with that terrible dingy and tatty old room.I would never go to that hotel again, I've been to 100's of others in London which are much cheaper, much much nicer and newer rooms and the service has been better. The location is great but half the fun of London is walking around and exploring so next time I'm there it's back to Russell Square for me.	
Feb 23 2009 	The dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in	I was delighted to get a booking at a price within my company budget but I got a real shock when I arrived. The room could have been lovely, but it needed a good cleaning. It was disappointing to find blankets on the bed rather than duvets, I am always suspicious about the cleanliness of blankets. However, while trying to get over the shock of being charged £12.00 for a G&amp;T I looked around the bar and spotted that the floor was covered in thick, thick dust; clearly no cleaning had taken place for years. I left bags with the concierge and was assured that these would be in my room when I returned in the evening. They weren't. I had to chase and still got a call from the concierge because he wasn't sure which were mine. Not very impressive. Didn't bother to try the food - if the customer facing areas were dirty I dread to think what the kitchens were like.	
Feb 20 2009 	Very good value	Frankly don't understand the negative reviews - this is a 5 star hotel in Piccadilly and for the Last Minute price (I paid £129 for a double) is a serious bargain. You would find it difficult to find anything better in the area for less than £200.	
Feb 18 2009 	do not stay on the third floor	this hotel has a great location but that is all!!arrived with my family late last wednesday night, we had prepaid for interconnecting rooms and had requested not to be given rooms looking on to the restaurant.Despite our request, we were given rooms on the third floor which look directly into the restaurant, it took a while to open the interconnecting door, a camp bed was then squashed in between the interconnecting door to keep it open and the room was extremely hot, in a very poor state of repair ( holes in carpets, mini bars not working, brick hard beds and decoration that was maybe fashionable 30 years ago). the room was also dirty.We voiced our displeasure but were told there was nothing else available. I asked to have the air conditioning fixed to try and cool the rooms as the heat was unbearable and no windows could be opened as it was directly on to the restaurant. I waited until 02.15 am and finally give up and went to bed. We suffered an unbearable night, nobody slept because of the heat and the uncomfortable beds. We had originally travelled on the wed night so our kids would be well rested as we ahd planned to be oding lots of activities during our stay.i complained next morning and was told that we would be moved. our new rooms were ready @ 3.30pm that afternoon, however these rooms were really smoky and the key for the interconnecting door was not available. we were told to wait for an hour and an air purifier would be put into the room. we waited for anhour and then i decided to investigate if the room was ready, the door was slightly ajar and there was no air purifier present and still no interconnecting door opened. we finally got into our rooms and unpack @ 5.30pm. this is not a five star hotel, i have stayed in many and never complain but i feel obliged to in this case. on our second morning at breakfast we were able to see other poor souls in the rooms that we had been given on our first night as we had direct view into these rooms once their curtains were opened.NOT GOOD ENOUGHSTAY CLEAR!!!!	
Feb 12 2009 	Perfect experience	My wife and I have just returned from a theatre break in London during whch we stayed in this hotel. It was an excellent experience!! Highly recommended!	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Location OK room	We stayed in the Le Meridian last Saturday night for one night only. Originally we had booked this hotel as we had been advised that they would be able to accommodate 3 people in a room. When we arrived, the receptionist mentioned that the room had a king size bed and when we queried this with him, he told us that we had only been booked in for 2 people. It had been pretty obvious with 3 people standing there that we had booked for 3 people and it was written on the confirmation email. The only suggestion they provided was to put a camp bed in the room. This was very disappointing considering the amount of money we had paid for a room which we thought would accommodate three people. We mentioned it to the travel agent on our return and they said that according to their systems the hotel was still offering rooms for 3 people. Despite this, we weren't in the room long enough to worry about its state. The location is great for Shaftsbury Avenue and the Theatre District and also write on the Piccadilly line.The room itself was well worn, possibly not as bad as other peoples experiences but was showing its age.	
Feb 9 2009 	Everything's 5 star except for the rooms	I booked this Saturday night stay for my wife and I via the fantastic Top Secret Hotels facility via lastminute.com. As a result, it was only £129 for a double room.We were greeted from the taxi by a very polite doorman, who welcomed us to the hotel, took our bags and ushered us in to the impressive lobby towards a check in desk. We were given a tag for our bags and told they'd be delivered to our room. The check in clerk was impeccably polite and very efficient. He explained that if we wanted to take a Smoking room (we're non-smokers), he could offer us a bigger room on the 9th floor and guaranteed that it didn't smell of smoke. We took him up on his offer (Rm 903) and headed to the lift. Everything looked amazing.......until we got out on the 9th floor. Very worn corridor with old wallpaper and tired furnishings led to the room and as we opened the door we saw a dirty, worn carpet, paint peeling from the skirting boards and very rickety, cheap furniture. Even though the price was fantastic, it was a 2 star room at best and I complained to the front desk. After some discussion, we were offered an free upgrade to the Executive Floor (8th) which we took with thanks.The room was better - the whole 8th floor itself was clearly refurbished - but I have to be honest, it was merely clean and averagely decorated. No style, nothing modern and not comparable to other 5 star London hotels such as The Howard Swissotel or The Athenaeum. But for one night, at £129, it was fine. Certainly wouldn't pay more.We took our swimming stuff to the health club, which is absolutely fantastic - a huge square shaped pool complete with fountain and centrepiece, loungers, magazines, a very nice clean steam room and jacuzzi. We passed the gym, which had a very impressive freeweights room complete with punchbag and boxing gloves.Back from our party, we had a good night's sleep, although we could hear the lift's robotic floor announcements from the room (we were in 804).So all in all, it's a fantastic 5 star hotel that is badly let down by the tired rooms. If you need a nice place to crash and want to enjoy the facilities, get a good deal and go ahead, but for a longer stay, I'd look elsewhere.	
Feb 5 2009 	great location average hotel	I booked two nights through lastminute.com and paid £198 for the stay - i think this is a fair price.The location is great for a visit to London it is very central for attractions and under a minutes walk to the tube (piccadilly) and even closer to bus stops.On first impressions the hotel looks good ( 5 star). Reception is fresh and modern, staff were polite and welcoming.Our room on the 6th floor was not bad at all ( a good 3 star or low 4). It was a good size with a huge bed, desk, table and chairs and a wardrobe with a mini bar and safe. The decor is a bit 'old fashioned', i.e patterned green carpet, flowery bed cover and pictures to match. The bathroom was not huge but did the job and was clean and tidy.The hotel corridors do look tired in places and are in need of a lick of paint.We did not eat in the hotel at all, they were charging extortionate prices. Continental breakfast £18, full english £24! So if you're a brekkie person get an all in deal or else walk the 30 second to starbucks, left out of hotel. Also if you go left out of the hotel and then take the first left there is a little cafe called 'piggies' and they were advertising breakfast for £4.50. We did however venture into the bar where beer was £6 a bottle a glass of wine began at £7.50 and cocktails were starting at £12, but when the bill came the cocktails were on special for £6 - a bonus.The hotel seems to not live up to the 5 stars it claims to havein certain areas, whereas other areas could easily be 5 stars.Would I stay here again - Yes so long as i got a good deal, i wouldn't pay rack rate.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great Location.... and that is about it!	Well what can I say apart from DON'T BOTHER!!I stayed in the Meridien for 2 nights while I was in London for a theatre weekend. Boy do I wish I checked in somewhere else!On first appearence it seemed quite nice the Foyer is clean and respectable and the staff where very friendly. A good first impression! That all went straight down the pan when I was shown our room however.Our room was very tired, and hadn't been redecorated since at least the late 80's, there was also a bucket of champagne on the side which would have been a nice touch if it had been for us, but they had managed to check us into the wrong room!, this in a way was a bit of a God send because upon further investigation the bathroom smelt as if somone had been sick in there the previous night.Upon notifying reception we where awarded with an equally tired room with a stunning view of an air vent which allowed little to no natural light in. upon speaking to reception again I was told that this was one of their better rooms and the only one available for us.We had brekfast in the restaraunt which was ok, it was modern but the windows could have done with a wash and there seemed to be a shortage of food available from the buffet tables. The one redeeming fact though was that if you where lucky enough to get your hands on a chocolate muffin then you would be in muffin heaven as they where truly some of the best muffins I had ever had.We spent as much time out of the hotel as we could and certainly will not be visiting again. I was told by a member of staff that the hotel was part owned my Lehman Brothers and due to their bankruptcy it is likely that this hotel will not see a much needed lick of paint for a good few years.As I am in London quite a bit I was able to see the funny side of things although thinking about £320 going down the pan soon sobered me up! The location is excellent no doubt about it, but it is not worth the price tag that this hotel puts on it and besides London is easy to get round by taxi's and tube. I will never return to the Meridien or any others in its chain due to this shabby rip off of a hotel.Some advice - If you have booked then cancel this hotel, if you are looking to go to London then don't even consider this place. I would recomend 'The Gore' or 'The Howard' both are very good high class hotels which are in central London and carry a cheaper price than the absolute dive they call 'Le Meridien'	
Feb 2 2009 	Fantastic	This was my 6th stay at London but the first time at Le Meridien. I booked a twin room for myself and my son. On checking in we were offered an upgraded room with queensize bed. We were happy with this so accepted it. Checking in was very professional and hassle free. We went up to our room and we were very impressed. The room was very clean and spacious.After seeing a show and having a meal we came back to our room and retired for the night. We were both asleep in next to no time as the bed was so big and comfortable. It was also very quiet. The only thing that spoilt the silence was a couple who were in the room next door. At 7.30am I was woken by the lady and her partner talking at the top of their voices but this is no reflection on the hotel. My son and I went for our breakfast and were seated in less than 5 minutes but we still recieved an apology for the wait. There was plenty of breakfast fare to pick from.Overall all the hotel was lovely and all staff we met were curtious, professional and friendly. This hotel was the best one I have stayed in out of all the rest. I will definately be going back	
Jan 31 2009 	Dark mouldy little room	I stayed at this hotel from 15th-17th January 2009 and was dissapointed in all aspects of the place. I'd booked through lastminute and paid £198 for 2 nights...which I though was great as I was expecting a 5* hotel right in the centre of it all. I was down there for my 30th birthday with my boyfriend to do all the usual sightseeing etc. The location of the hotel was brilliant and the entrance was quite grand. At the reception I checked in and only just heard the receptionist saying 1 night. I told her that I had booked and paid for 2 nights and I felt as though I was not believed and had to search out my confirmation email and they photocopied it etc! Please be aware that you have to put a £100 deposit PER NIGHT down too, I didnt hear this as the french receptionist whisked my card off and made it sound like it was just a one-off (it was only when I got home I realised that £200 was missing). We went to the room (room 230) and was greeted with very out of date furniture, appauling darkness, mould in the bathroom, flaking paint, a window that didnt open and the frosted glass revealed a lovely air-conditioning unit behind it that screened the sky, there was also a dirty towel stuffed down the back of the bedside cabinet and I had to go around plugging lights in etc. I felt too embarrased to go to reception due to the earlier problems and the fact that I just wanted to go out and see some sights so I left it.When we got back I wrote to lastminute to complain about the way in which it was sold to me (i bought it as a 5* top secret deal but infact they advertise the hotel on their website as 4* so I felt like I had been misold). I also listed all the problems. They did write back to apologise and give me some spin on how the hotel is 5* (why do they advertise it as 4* then?). They also included an email from guest relations at the hotel saying that the next time i book with them i will get a free upgrade to one of their decorated rooms. Why on earth would I want to go back?? I think I read this on someone elses review too.So, all-in-all the location is fabulous but the hotel itself is not...i would say its a 2 or 3* at most. I hope this was helpful xx	
Jan 23 2009 	A Hotel of Two Halves	Location, Reception area are the 2 winning points of this hotel. The bar is dead, tatty and unappealing, the mezzanine coffee area is cramped and uncomfortable. The hotel has been partly refurbished, so one lift is old and tatty - the other spage-agee - quite jarring. However service is good, especially doorman, concierge. Room was OK space wise although tired. Check-in was frazzling experience, rooms not ready even though it was mid=afternoon., then given wrong one, got complicated and tiring. Location is fantatstic as you can walk everywhere, first tiem in London didn't need a taxi. Overall Hotel is trading on it's former glory, need investment especially in bar areas.	
Jan 16 2009 	One warm night in January	If you go to www.lastminute.com and look at the 'Top Secret Hotels', the one that has the title 'Historic hotel, a step away from Piccadilly Circus - 5* - London, is Le Meridien Piccadilly. It is currently available for £99 per night, room only.Now that's a pretty good deal for a Standard Double with a walk-in rate of over £250 - except for the fact that Le Meridien has a number of rooms which are less attractive, particularly if you are staying for a few nights. I'm loath to call them sub-standard, maybe 'difficult to let' is a better term.Our room was well furnished, clean, comfortable, the double bed was good quality and the linnens &amp; pillows superb. It was not till we'd unpacked our stuff that we realized that the Window had been boarded over. If you pushed your nose to the glass and strained your neck upwards, you could make out two tiny patches of sky through three small panes of glass above head height, but as these were sealed shut it is fair to say that the room had no window, and consequently the room was very warm and stuffy.Now I'm sure the fantastic reception staff would have moved us had a better room been available - and the staff are very professional - but we had unpacked and didn't bother. The hotel states on the Lastminute website that there are limited rooms at this price - but it does not say that there are problems with the rooms on offer. I leave the choice to you, but at £99 I shall definately be back.	
Jan 13 2009 	Poor standards - great location	Just returned form a long weekend with my partner.Making it a point to always stay at SPG hotels for our trips, we booked at LM Piccadilly this time, because we wanted to be more centrally located. We have previously stayed at both Sheraton Belgravia and Park Tower - both great hotels.We have Platinum SPG status, and this rewards us with free upgrade to best available room, late check out etc. Normally, all perfect, and probably the best loyalty program in the hotel industry today.Not at the Le Meridien Piccadilly though. Although we had checked before leaving from home that suites were available, we were told upon arrival, that they were sold out. Instead told to wait about 20 minutes for an upgrade to a family room. Fair enough. However, the room was dirty, very run-down and a smoking room, stinking from cigarette smoke. We protested, and were told we could wait until late afternoon to get another room. So we did. The room was non-smoking, slightly cleaner, but very cold. The windows did not close properly, and the heater (vent) at full steam could barely keep up, and at that setting unfortunately very noisily. OK - run-down and out-dated, but relatively clean and functional. Nice bathroom. Just not the type of room you look forward to returning to after a full-day shopping. Needing a place to crash - we moved in...Breakfast was a disaster. By 10am Sunday morning, they were out of bread, toast, cereal, fruit etc. at the buffet. No eggs, no bacon, and only the beans you could scrape off the pan were left. It stayed that way for 30 mins. In the mean while, guests were scavenging the buffet for whatever food they could find. Staff did their best, but restaurant management failed utterly. Dirty dishes were not cleared from the tables, and some guests began piling them up on empty tables. Completely unacceptable, and then at £20 a head.Having had a hard night falling asleep because of the cold and the noisy heater, we again called reservation to check if any better rooms were available. Again, suites were available. We then asked for the upgrade at SPG reception again, explaining the situation, but now suddenly no suites were available... strange. When confronting the management with this fact, they claimed it had been an error in the reservation system.Honestly - we are not nitpickers, not troublemakers and not looking to complain. We have spent thousands and thousands of dollars and euros at starwood hotels around the world, and just expect the loyalty program to work both ways as promised. Being lied to is not acceptable then.All in all, I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone, especially at the current rates. Location is great though, and the gym/health area is quite decent too.	
Jan 9 2009 	A Crushing Disappointment	Me and the Catman spend a lot of time in London Hotels for Business and pleasure and were delighted to find a good deal at the 5* Meridien where we hoped we could combine the two.Despite (or maybe because of) the amazing location, the room was one of the grimmest I've ever stayed in...small dark, cramped, with broken fixtures and outdated furnshings. The window was obscured by a massive pillar which filtered out all the natural daylight but alas none of the the street noise from below. There was only one robe and limited towels which confirmed my suspicions that this room was usually given to single travellers and the bathroon was a state. Neither the antiquated hairdyer, the towel rail, or the light up mirror worked and the toilet was horrible. It was one of those syphonic flush ones that were fleetingly fashionable in the 70's (where the water level is precariously close to the brim like in the USA) . Shocking. By any standards we would have been disappointed but for a 5*? As Andy Milman would say: &quot;Are you having a laugh?&quot;. Avoid unless you want an authentic 1970's hotel experience but without the style, kitch or irony.	
Jan 4 2009 	Huge deception - far from Le Meridien standards top location	Numerous stays in Le Méridien hotels in Austria and Germany made me book the London Le Méridien without hesitation. A huge error! Run down, worn out, neither external nor internal soundproofing, outfashioned room decoration... - nothing to do with the functional modern and stylish quality rooms you have in Vienna, Stuttgart or Hamburg. After a horrible night in room 343, I got 2 categories upgraded to room 422 and ... basically nothing improved on the fundamentals.This hotel has a great location and is one of the very few Central London Hotels that features a large indoor pool but it is in desperate need of renovation.	
Dec 17 2008 	Hated it	We travel a lot and stayed in many many hotels. We booked 2 standard rooms 4 nights from July 16 to July 20, 2008 through Starwood for about $700 each. The rooms were very small and very dirty. The furnitures were all torn and run down. White sheer drapes were black and missing hooks. When we pointed these out to our bellman, he appologized and called manager. Meanwhile my daughters brought the tea and cookie tray to our room and noticed that the used coffee mate wrappers from previous guest was still in the tray along with other trash including pill wrappers. Manager came and saw these items and upgraded us to executive standard rooms. The same size and moderately cleaner . The staff were very nice, friendly and knowledgeable. We have stayed in many Meridian Hotels but this one needs major remodeling or change the name to a motel. We will never go to this hotel again nor recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 6 2008 	on the minute I opened the door...	It was a wonderful stay and the hotel lived up to all the good reviews it has received. Is ideally situated and very safe to walk around at night. My double room was very spacious and made a great first impression on the minute I opened the door. The hotel was spotless with excellent staff, very friendly and helpful.	
Dec 6 2008 	A Second Review	Well this is our second review of this hotel, we have actually stayed there twice since my previous review. One time we took my mum and 2 nephews down to London for 3 nights! We do stay here quite a bit and the staff know us quite well. There were no issues when we arrived, we recieved a very nice upgrade to a two room suite and they had ensured my mums room was suitable for her and my two nephews, 7 &amp; 9. The rooms were close together which suited as made going out easy!No issues with the rooms, as I have stated before in an ideal world they could do with some refurbishments, but there was nothing looking that old or worn, just a little tired maybe! Bed was huge and very comfortable. My mum used room service a bit with the boys and got everything she asked for the way it was asked for, my nephews dont like certain sauces etc, usual thing!We dined at the Terrace one evening just the two of us and the service was excellent as always as was the food! Adding a special to the menu would possibly be our only suggestion, but that is nit picking really!We had breakfast in the hotel each morning, which with 5 of us was not the cheapest, but the boys were discounted and as we prebooked through the email we were sent the week before it cost about £5 less per person! While the boys enjoyed the buffet breakfast I have to admit the Full Breakfast plate they do is superb and I go for this everytime!We returned a couple of weeks later just the two of us and this time we were upgraded to a slightly different room. It was on a higher floor and was certainly more modern in feel and clearly recently decorated. We thought it was excellent and while I know there are ongoing rumours of a refurbishment of the hotel if this is the type of thing they are planning on doing it would really push the hotel to another standard as it got a very good balance of the character of the hotel with a more modern feel!Really over the two stays I cannot fault anything, if I were to nit pick it will be good when the lifts are finished as you may have a slightly longer wait than when all 3 are working, but this is nothing major! My wife misses the flowers in the lobby when you walk in and while I appreciate the reasons to give more space for guests, I must say I would prefer the flowers back and a little less space!They are very minor things and it says a lot of our opinion of the hotel that they are our only complaints! I must say a word about the staff who are great, always make you feel welcome! We shall be back there in December and very much looking forward to it, the location is great a especially if the weather is not so great!	
Dec 5 2008	Fantastic location	We stayed her in early November. You cant get much better on location if you want to be close to everything. Parking is a bit of a pain, it cost me £140 for 3 nights, still I think the car enjoyed it. The hotel is clean and spacious and the service was excellent. The hotel has an excellent spa with a large pool which is excellent for lane swimmers. Foods good and the bar just below reception was cosy and friendly. There are loads of hotels to choose from in central London but this doesn't disapoint. I would recommend it.Steve &amp; Niki Ash Vale	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect location. Some "buts".....	Stayed for one night at Méridien Piccadilly with my teenager son.The location is just perfect: walking distance from shopping area and many London attractions.We arrived at the Hotel at 4pm, and at our surprise the room was not ready. We have been proposed though a &quot;temporary room&quot; in order to refresh and leave our luggage.Our &quot;regular&quot; room wouldnt be ready until 7.30PM but since we were going out for a concert, we had it when we came back at night.Room was very comfortable with two queen beds. The furniture and overall decoration is a bit dated and need some refurbishment.Long long wait to have hot water.....We ordered room service and it has been longer than announced (45min instead of 30) but again personnel was very nice and offered us a drink.I had buffet breakfast (excellent!) and my son room service breakfast (excellent too).We have been proposed late checkout (as SPG Gold members) at 4pm.Overall our stay have been pleasant and would recommend Le Méridien Piccadilly.	
Nov 6 2008 	Great Location	The Meridien's location within London could not be better and the service was fantastic. The rooms are definitely dated but very clean, and it sounds like they are planning on refurbishing the hotel soon, which I hope will put the Meridien on par with other hotels of its star rating. The shower's water pressure was perfect and the water actually drained unlike at some other older hotels. I think my only complaint was how thin the walls were. My room was located right next to the stairwell so the door constantly shutting and peoples' voices woke me up at all hours of the morning. There was also some drilling nearby early one morning. That said, I'd gladly stay here again because of its proximity to great shopping, museums and nightlife.	
Oct 24 2008 	Right in the Center of Everything	I met up with a friend who had come to London on business and we stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. The room was huge with a capital &quot;H&quot; and you can't get much better as far as the location. Nightlife was abundant and so was food! The only cons were 1) on more than 1 occassion the front desk forgot to give us the wake-up call we had scheduled and 2) the internet in the business center is crazy expensive (set the timer on your cell phone and use the internet cafe in Le Tocadero across the street). Otherwise, was a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 12 2008 	Not worth your while regardless of location! Glad I have an up-to-date tetanus	Was just transferring in London for one night, the night of my anniversary, so decided to use some of my Starwood Hotel points to stay at what I expected to be a nice hotel and romantic experience. I have high expectations for hotels like Le Meridian and Westin in the Starwood chain. I used 8000 Starwood Points plus $150US dollars on check-in as normally this room was going for almost 300 pounds per night so I thought I was getting a fair exchange of points and dollar- value.Having been to London many times I have seen the hotel from the exterior and it looks so regal and grand on Picadilly I was expecting the hotel to be just as grand inside. The lobby was fine. Sadly only one elevator was working for the hotel so that did cause delays throughout the night and next morning and left a bad first impression. I told the desk clerk on check-in that that night was my partner and my Anniversary and if there was any upgrade or a nicer view room at the same rate that would be appreciated. He told me flat out that this hotel does not give complimentary upgrades which I know is not true but what can one say in response to that! I collect Starwood points and over the years have stayed at many properties free of charge and collected at even more but by no means am I an elite class points collector.I am not certain if this clerk decided to move us to the cheapest room in the house but it certainly felt that way. The room had a king size bed which was nice although was too large in the room of this size. We did have an outside window although the non-smoking room had many cigarette butts stubbed out along the outside window ledge. There was no view to be had regardless although looking at the stone and iron work of the gables was sort of pleasant. The bathroom which had an amazing toilet, by that I mean it was not pressed up against a wall so you have to sit on it sideways unless you are &quot;petit&quot;,. The typical shower amenities at all of the Starwood properites were to be expected.That night when getting into bed I scrapped my leg on the side of the bed and upon inspection noted that there was a spring sticking out of the side of the mattress. Fortunately I had my tetanus shot recently. I really didn't realize how severe the cut was until the next morning when there were streaks of blood on the sheets of the bed where my leg must have bleed for some time. I left a note on the bed warning the cleaning lady of the blood on the sheets and on the spring poking out of the bed. I also left a note for the management telling them of my experience and upon my return home the following week still hadn't heard from the management. I sent an email recently and still have yet to hear from anyone at Le Meridian Picadilly so I just don't think the hotel is providing proper due diligence when it comes to handling legitimate complaints about problems with thier services and physical property. I will update this review if I do infact hear from the hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	would not recommend	i booked this thru the starwood preffered guests site for 4 nights. as it is 5star hotel i had no qualms paying almost £300 pounds.the night before we left i stumbled upon this website and checked out the reveiws. everyone of them was bad but i hav to say not bad enough. at first the hotel seemed run down in need of a good clean which for a 5 star hotel is very poor. we had a coffee and pastry in the bar and it was ok. the staff were all very helpful and when we went downstairs for a cocktail before going out for dinner evreything so far had been rather dissappointing but bareable. after our meal at a local restuartant we went back to our room for the night. our room overlooked regents street and the noise was incredible. i finally gave up trying to sleep around 3.30 am. then there was this smell that appeared from nowhere. it was as if a cheap chinese restuarnt had turned out in our room and and started cooking!that was enough for me. i went down to the front desk told them i was checking. beleive it or not but i called claridges and got a room for an extra £40 per night and went there. what a differnce.i have stayed in 4 mereidien and and wouldn't hesitate to recommend them but this was embarrassing. whoever gave this 5 stars should be investigated under the trade description act. don't stay here and if you booked it i would recommend you try and cancel it and go somewhere else.i will also be contacting spg	
Sep 25 2008 	Very Disappointing Experience	Good things first:The hotel is centrally located with easy access to the underground station. The beds and bathroom are pretty clean.Bad things:The reception and service is terrible and the people are mostly impolite especially the receptionists.I was woken up by banging noise as if someone was doing some maintainence work immediately outside my room in the hallway around 7 am. The complaint was not taken seriously by the receptionist.The television was of the old bulky CRT type. I blew their wiring the moment I plugged in my laptop on arrival.I even found a lady underwear with lots of dust at the back of the drawers.Beware!! They charge you double the already expensive internet rate of 25 pounds a day if you connect two laptops.We did not use the other facilities in the hotel ... so.. no comment on those.Overall, the hotel falls very short of the rating of this hotel. This should be no more than a 2-3 star hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	great location needs redecoration	This is my third visit over 3 years to this hotel. Le Meridian Piccadilly is in need of redecoration. especially the bathroom!Although the hotel is very central it could be noisy as well.As a Muslim I can not eat pork products however I love the wild mushroom and grilled tomatoes in the English breakfast. So I ordered English Breakfast with the expectation of more mushrooms as ? do not want any bacon. My in room breakfast had only 1 (small) mushroom, 2 cherry tomatoes and very little amount of eggs. There were lots of jam however all was accompanied with just 2 slices of bread!	
Sep 2 2008 	the terrace restaurant	I celebrated my 30th Birthday Party at the Terrace Restaurant on Sunday the 31st of August and I need to say it was totally disappointment to me...only the food was good, the service( for which i paid an extra 12.5% )was a completely disappointment...there was no service at all. The waitress when asked about the beer wasn’t able to answer what they got in stock, not mention we have to ask her to top up our wine glasses and remain about the water we ordered at the beginning. I felt like not a sigle person really care about us on that special occasion, it really meant to me a lot as i invited my closest friends to celebrate my birthday in style but not in a nightmare.	
Aug 31 2008 	not the best	The bedroom we had was on the top floor small, and bland in decor, none of the widows opened. there was only one lift working, so long waits!!. The breakfast buffet....TERRIBLE... scrambled egg made with JELLIED EGG..MAKE YOUR OWN TOAST, not even a choice of fresh milk ONLY skimmed, BUT, the staff were pleasant. Never again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Not up to par - decor from 1960s!	First the positivies: Nice staff and service and great location. Price was not a problem as I got the room through reward points.And the negatives: Dated. Eiderdown in room would not look out of place in my late Grandmother's home. Lots of blue and pink flowers. I was upgraded to a 'superior' room but it was only available at 5 and the room size was tiny which was a bit of a shock considering I waited 5 hours to have the benefit of a free upgrade. You live and learn...Guys - spend some money here!! The building outside looks beautiful and your location is second to none. This could be a great hotel....	
Aug 21 2008 	Great service poor value and very tired rooms	Last weekend my wife and I travelled up to London to see the musical 'The Jersey Boys'. We stayed as usual at Le Meridien in Piccadilly and received the usual high standard of comfort and service. London hotels tend to be grossly overpriced, the rooms are usually small and more often than not in very poor condition. To be fair whilst you can't fault the location and the level of customer service at this hotel the rooms are very tired now. The bathrooms in particular appear to be from a different century with discolored tiles and creaky plumbing. To be fair this is an old building and it is situated less than 100 metres from Piccadilly circus. Despite its failings it is better than most London hotels and will remain my regular choice when staying in London. This is because of the location and the service. At £200 a night it isn't cheap, nor can it possibly be described as value for money but you won't find a more convenient place to stay for a couple of nights. Sadly, compared with the rest of the world London just doesn't get the concept of value for money or quality. In fact London is fast becoming the biggest travel 'Rip Off' in the world, it is very sad but true. Unfortunately, I really can't see this changing. Oh yes and The Jersey Boys is one of the best shows we have ever seen. Catch it while you can	
Aug 17 2008	Star Rating??????	Having stayed in many London Hotels with various star ratings l find it hard to imagine how the Le Meridien Piccadilly London has gained a 5Star rating!!!! The Hotel itself was very nice but the room(806) left much to be desired, It was in dire need of redecorating smelled of tobacco( I booked non smoking) and when taking a shower you do not expect foul smelling sewerage to come up the plug hole onto your feet! After reporting the incident twice, Other than a very insincere &quot;sorry&quot; and &quot;we will look into it&quot; nothing else was done or said. I can honestly say that I have stayed in better guest houses in Blackpool. 5 stars? try 3!	
Aug 16 2008 	Good Central London Hotel	This hotel is very central. We travelled to London via Heathrow, so its on the Picadilly line - one quick train journey and you are there. Staff are extremely professional and friendly. Room really clean, smallish as would be expected in central London - but not a big deal and is outweighed by the plusses. We stayed on the fifth floor, and could hear traffic from the city but it didn't keep us awake. The breakfast was fab (included in our booking, it would be quite expensive if one had to pay for it on top of room rate - so be careful when booking - check what is included in your rate). The swimming pool is spotlessy clean and there are no extra charges (a friend of mine paid to use the pool in another hotel in London, so check that our too when pricing around).So would recommend if you want to be central, near shows, etc. We never had to hire a taxi, as we walked everywhere at night and used the tube by day.	
Aug 15 2008 	Ok but nothing special	Stayed here with some business colleagues for one night. The hotel was really nothing special. Staff were quite snooty, not warm at all. The rooms were old fashioned and nothing to write home about - awful sachets of Cadbury's drinking chocolate etc, like a Travellodge. The breakfast was pretty decent but had to pay for this ourselves. We had gone out with clients and wanted to bring them for a drink in the hotel bar after dinner but this closed ridiculously early at something like 1 am (thought hotel bars usually stayed open late for residents?) and we were directed to Chinawhites, no thanks!The location is pretty good but I think there are better hotels in London. Won;t be going back unless the company is paying.	
Aug 4 2008 	Overpriced Dirty rooms are very tired	The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the location. The rooms are very beat up, carpet is filthy, bathrooms are very small. The tv is a 1980 vinatge tube tv with 10 channels.The prices in the hotel are outragous.breakfast 25 poundsinterned 20 pounds per daylocal phone call 5 pounds for 5 minutesI would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
Aug 3 2008	NOT up to snuff 2 0r 3 stars at best!	Not a five star Hotel in my book and I have stayed at many! My Partner and I had 3 days in Copenhagen 7 days on an Atlantis Celebrity cruise and 3 days In Stolckholm prior to our arrival at Le Meridien. By far Le Meridien was the only disappointment for accommodations on our trip. First room was loud, dark and clean but not well maintained. It had a pour odor. it was a large room, dark but had 2 bathrooms I will not go into all the details, but it is room 625.We requested the room be changed, but it took some persuasion of the front desk to accomplish the task. Finally once I asked the clerk if they would accompany me to the room and I would show them first hand the issues, they relented and changed the room. The new room offered was on the &quot;renovated&quot; floor and would be much smaller, I said I understood. Upon leaving the elevator on the floor of the new room 413, one could tell upgrades had been done. The room itself was smaller but had been somewhat renovated. Again there was a musty odor which lasted the rest of our stay, one can not open the windows and had to have the AC running, this may have caused some of the mildew odor. Some of the room was fresh and new while other parts were not. The carpet was old and torn with obvious coffee stains. The bath room had new tile, but the paint was dirty and you could not close the the door. The bath had great water pressure and plenty of hot water, but the side of the tub had plywood attached as its &quot;cover&quot; which was warped and peeling away. The sink drain was extremely slow, but they did clear it up halfway through our 6 night stay. When getting info from the concierge about sites and restaurants, he didnt have a pen to write things down.I might sound a bit picky, which I am generally not. But this is supposed to be a five star hotel, its standards should be considerably higher than they are. We were very disappointed.	
Jul 28 2008	Good location but very poor service	Very good location close to Piccadilly. I arrived at 2pm and my room wasn't ready. Went out and returned at 4pm - room ready but luggage not there. I rang twice for it and eventually had to go looking for it. The room was small and shabby and had a televison from the 1950's and a similar number of channels. Breakfast was good. Very expensive for what was delivered.	
Jul 18 2008 	Not a 4-star hotel	We so regret not researching reviews of this “4-star” hotel before booking. The reasons we chose it were the alleged wonderful pool, Jacuzzi and great location. Turns out the only great thing was the location. Upon walking into the lobby, we were greeted by a musty mildew odor, which permeated every corner of the hotel, including our room. Carpeting throughout the hotel was dirty and in need of replacement, or at least a good cleaning. When we arrived after 13 hours of travel, only one freight elevator was working, for which there was a queue. This didn’t exactly make getting to our 6th floor room easy. Signs posted in the hallway stated that elevators were being updated. We got to our room to find our room key card didn’t work—and no elevator back to the lobby. During our week, the key failed two more times. Our room was noisy due to the squeaky floor above us (sorry to those below us) and the hotel staff who had long, loud conversations outside our door during sleep time. The walls were paper thin, to the point where we could listen to actual conversations next door. The bed was so hard that we woke up with backaches every morning. Furniture throughout the hotel was generally worn. The dresser and wardrobe in our room were in disrepair. The tile on the bathroom floor was cracked in several places. It was also apparent that painting had not been done in a long time and some was even peeling. In the middle of our stay, the one, small wastebasket in our room disappeared, never to return. A few days before checkout, we came in to the room to see the curtain was coming down. It was never reattached. In-room movies were offered, but the good ones cost 35 pounds. In-room Internet use was 20 pounds per day. All this for $500 USD per night!The pool area was most disappointing, as we looked forward to relaxing after walking all over London. The Jacuzzi was shut down for “maintenance” during our whole stay of 8 nights. We wondered about the wisdom of performing scheduled maintenance (elevators as well) during the high travel season. The “heated” pool was not heated; in fact, it was really cold. There were only three lounges and two chairs, crammed onto one side of a very small patio area. The cushions on the lounges were filthy. In the restaurant where they served breakfast, a baby grand piano was used as a serving table. We noted that one leg of the piano was buckling, and pointed it out to a server. She stated that it had been that way for weeks and was it was all right until Matt said that he rebuilds pianos and that it was, in fact, quite dangerous. In fairness, she did get her manager, and the next day the piano was fixed. But if we didn’t tell them about it, would they have waited until a baby grand fell, possibly on a child?The staff was very nice, albeit somewhat deferential, but not very competent. We had to contact our credit card company in the U.S. It took about a half hour for customer service to figure out how to connect the call.On the last day, we arranged for a late checkout at 3:00. We went sightseeing and out to lunch, and returned to our room at about 2:30. The key card had already been disabled. We went to the lobby to renew it, and when we returned to our room, the maid had started cleaning it, ignoring the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door. Her explanation for her presence was that she had been told to clean the room. Interesting, when we had yet to check out. We travel a lot. We have stayed in many international hotels and this is by no means a 4-star hotel. Jeanne and Matt	
Jun 30 2008 	Excellent Location	We stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly for one night. The check in was very quick and staff very polite. The porters were very helpful.The room was spacious and the bed was really comfortable and large. The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment with the toilet being crammed into a small space which I think a large person would have found difficult to fit into!There was a good choice for breakfast but the full English was a help yourself buffett and the food was not that hot.The hotel is a stones throw from Piccadilly Circus and its location is ideal.All in all I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	We had a great time at this hotel.	I am going to tell you that I read every review for about 2 years back but my travel service offered a good deal on this hotel but I left the united states with a little trepidation on what we were going to find when we got to London. The Chelsea flower show was going on that same week so we could not get a room for the first night. Arrived on our 2nd night, check in was smooth, no member of the staff was ever rude to me, or indifferent at any time of our stay, in fact always willing to help. The doormen were friendly and smiling, tho not always knowledgeable about locations, always ask the guy with the top hat that works in the daytime. I had much better luck with the concierge who had maps to give out.The problems with the safe were fixed within an hour, and even tho we requested that the mini bar have all the items removed when we came back later the manager came up and removed all the stuff. I am a diabetic so it is really important that I can go out and buy some drinks and have cold water to drink out of the fridge. Diet Coke is the only sugar free soft drink offered in England so you will get real tired of it there.At first I was a little miffed that we were put on the 2nd floor with really no view, and real close to the elevator, but in the grand sceme of things it really turned out to be really good.We had our breakfast in the room opposite the hall and rushing out to do all the touristy things we were in and out quickly and we were gone from 9am until 9pm every day we were there.The bed was king and nice, and after all the feathers in France and Switzerland (which I hate) it was so nice to have a tradional bed with sheets and blankets, and so comfortable, the room was spacious with a nice tv. It had 2 bathrooms!We did not use the pool, or any of the restaurants, or room service because we were out the door seeing the sights.The breakfast was delicious, I had fresh pineapple every day, and we departed every day charged and ready to go.The location is really prime. Right in the heart of Picadilly Circus.We had a travel pass so we hopped the bus to Harrods and back, walked over for donuts and dinner toward Leichester Square, Chinese food just blocks away. Fish and chips, Soho, Charing cross road etc. The tube station half a block.We did spend about 30 pounds using the internet, and yes you can go down the street for cheaper, but it was the time saved using the computer and getting what you need and getting out.They have 2 computers in the rooms downstairs and only a few times did we have to wait or come back at a later time. I would like to see them put more computers in this room but, It was better that lugging my laptop around for 14 days.The phone charges are very pricey, I did not use the phone in the room, I took the elevator down to the lower floor and used the pay phone to make a call. Since we had prepaid check out was simple. I did provide a credit card but no charges were put on it that I know of. The traffic is very congested right out front so be prepared to do the time with the taxi getting out of there, we hired a private car to take us to the airport. We stayed at this hotel for 8 days and I will definitely stay here again.-Luv2travel2-	
Jun 18 2008 	Enjoyable stay from luxury hotel visitors	My partner and I recently returned from a 10 day visit to the UK, during which we spent 5 nights in London. We arrived and had 4 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly, then left for Scotland, and returned for our final night in London again at the Le Meridien Piccadilly before flying home to the USA the next morning.My partner has stayed at this property on numerous occasions for business purposes, so we decided to stay here, as well. Also entering our thinking was the high cost of London hotels combined with a crazy exchange rate of 2 GBP to US$1. As a result, we used our Starpoints to get a junior suite for all 5 nights. Typically, this hotel requires 20,000 Starpoints for a regular room per night. For a junior suite, it required 22,500 points per night.The hotel's biggest plus, in our opinion, is its location. It is only 30 feet from the Piccadilly tube stop. As a result, it is VERY convenient from Heathrow Airport--basically, a 45 minute straight-shot ride, almost guaranteed. That's faster than the express train to Paddington and much faster than a taxi during rush hour or other crowded times, considering downtown London traffic. The location is similarly convenient to getting around London, both by walking and by tube. For us, that's the greatest selling point.After a smooth check-in, we got to our room and realized we had been upgraded to a full suite, complete with a separate living room with full bath, and a separate bedroom with full bath. Considering it was free, we were pretty impressed. The decor wasn't spectacular by any means, but it was sufficient and satisfactory. The bed was quite comfortable. The bathrooms were reasonably sized, considering this was London. (We've stayed at a number of different London hotels, and these were definitely more spacious.)My biggest gripe turned out not to be my most common one. I usually am displeased with air conditioning in European hotels, but the bedroom sufficiently cooled to make me reasonably comfortable. In addition, we requested and quickly received 2 large fans, one for the bedroom and one for the living room, to make us more comfortable. Our big gripe turned out to be the lack of working elevators. They were obviously working to repair/renovate one of their 3 elevators, leaving only 2 working elevators. That lasted only about 2 days, and then there was only 1 working elevator. As a result, being on the 9th floor, it became an exercise in futility as we waited for the elevator. Probably worth a call to ensure that you don't encounter that problem--or perhaps request a lower floor if appropriate to assuage the problem. We had some service issues--as usual, I must say. A maid walked into the bedrooom without identifying herself, which was a tad annoying. I called to make sure that didn't happen again, and never recevied the expected apology/reassurance call. We called to complain about the elevator service, and never received a follow-up call, as well. I therefore complained to the front desk and asked that a manager call to discuss how the issue could be rectified--we felt a complimentary meal or something was in order considering the ridiculous waits of 20-30 minutes for an elevator, after all. We never received any follow-up calls. Finally, I raised cain at the front desk for the 3rd time and managed to get them to knock a few charges off to compensate us for the wasted time/ridiculous waits. When we checked out, however, those charges were never removed, so we had to cause another stink to get the credits that were promised to us. Nothing too major here, of course, but enough to remind you that this wasn't the Four Seasons.For 5 nights free, we felt like we definitely got our points' worth! Of course, it wouldn't be terribly worth the price based upon the exchange rate, but that's a London hotel for you. Considering the prices of your typical London hotels, of course, the Le Meridien might not be your worst bet. We had a fine stay, with some minor issues, but love the location. Your call!	
May 10 2008 	5 star prices 3 star experiences	I have been trying all of Starwood's properties in London, and booked this hotel when they ran a triple points promotion. The location is great. Its right at Picadilly Circus, the heart of London for tourists. The property itself is showing signs of age. If one were charitable, one would say it is &quot;charming&quot;. My room was spacious, but the fixtures showed signs of age. There was a big brown spot inthe bathroom tiles, and I could spot the paint wearing off at places. Don't get me wrong - it was still grand and regal, but kind of old. Staff was stand-offish. I guess they deal with a lot of tourists visiting London for the first time, and have little patience. Check in took quite some time because the front desk staff was a bit confused (Le erideint does not seem fuly integrated to the Starwood system yet). Check out was quick. Ordered room service one, which arrived in time and was decent. Getting out of the hotel to Heathrow via taxi was a nightmare because it takes 20 minutes to get out the immediate vicinity at peak hour. Long story short, its probably not a bad place if you do not have too many options or are using Starwood points. But I would try other hotels first.	
May 4 2008	One of the Nicest Hotels I have ever seen	I stayed at this hotel with a large group travelling Europe. We all agreed that the hotel was amazing! The lobby was very large and the attatched restaurant was very classy. The dinner buffet was plentiful and incredibly reasonable. The rooms were gorgeous, although not as large as I would have expected for the price. Room had a really nice shower and I loved the down feather comforter on the bed. The hotel shuttle to the airport was also very nice.	
Apr 22 2008 	Mixed experience	The staff is not too helpful at this hotel; the reception staff is partially untrained, which I do not find a problem, but I dislike hearing arguments in front of me. At the bar whatever we ordered came not the way we did (i.e. juice without ice came with ice etc.) Every single time we ordered something it come wrong.The concierge made a big fuss about the Billy Eliott tickets he found for us and when we went, the theatre was half empty. We were almost late, because he would not let go of the tickets, probably he was expecting a big tip on top of the tickets, which cost 50% more than it said on the ticket. The room, an executive one, was a normal size, but the bathroom was so small! Everything is dated though clean. The restaurant is very nice and so is the service and the food. It needs renovation; the location and the old building are so perfect, that it is a pitty that the interior does not live up to it..	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Location	We spent three evenings at this property. Upon arrival the bell captain did not like the room assigned to us and suggested that he &amp; I work with the front desk. After looking at 5 different rooms my wife &amp; I chose a room overlooking Regent Street. The room was very large and the bathroom very small. The paint in the bathroom was peeling and the floor in the bedroom creeked. Yet we truly enjoyed our stay. Room service was very quick and attentative. The front desk very pleasant and wanting to serve your needs at all times. The concierge was always busy and I never fealt that he enjoyed his job.The location was central to everything you would want to do in central London - restaurants, stores, museums, sites, etc. It is so close to Soho, Covent Garden, &amp; Knightsbridge.Don't expect luxurious rooms, but for the price I'm not sure you will find a better place to stay within the vicinity.	
Apr 9 2008 	Good location mediocre hotel	This is basically a 3-star hotel with a 5-star location. Rooms are dingy and service is mixed. Patrons are nickled and dimed (a local call for 2 minutes will cost you 5 pounds; internet access for 24 hours costs 20 pounds) which I wouldn't mind if the hotel itself were a little more luxurious.That said the pool/fitness club was good. Location is central, which saves lots of time over a tourist visit. I stayed at a second luxury hotel during my stay which was cheaper (on Priceline, 5-star hotel search) , more luxurious, and in an equally good location (Sofitel St. James), so in the balance I'd recommend shopping around.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Hotel	The biggest advantage of LeMeridien Picadilly is the location. Only a few steps from Picadilly Circus you can walk to the major places or at least have excellent access to tube and busses.Additionally the building, the breakfast room and the rooms have style and the pool is awesome. Some Rooms might need refurbishment, but you can talk to the friendly stuff about the kind of room you would like.For a short stay in London, where time matters the Hotel is my 1st choice.	
Mar 23 2008 	Good experience	Stayed first time at Le Meridien. Location is excellent and the service was also great. Rooms were a decent size for London hotels, though the furniture could be improved.Will probably stay here again	
Mar 5 2008 	The Perfect Location........But......	Hello all. I am a Canadian expat working in China. I travel often and I recently chose the Le Meridien at Piccadilly Circus in London, UK.First, as a Gold Starwood member, I was upgraded to a suite which was a lovely little perk. The concierge and front desk people are really switched on and overall the hotel is a good one. Below is my complete review: A note to the wise, you should select this hotel only if you rate hotel location over hotel comfort. What do I mean by this, simple: the hotel is old, it is oddly shaped and it's rooms could use a good overhaul.Saying that however, I stay at this hotel religiously - every-time I visit London. Why you might add? Because I value location over all else. Yes the rooms are old, the hotel is old and the televisions in the rooms are ragged, but my god the hotel is just a one minute walk from Piccadilly Circus. This essentially means that I can spend my entire time in London and not have to take a taxi - which can get outrageously expensive.Starwood does a decent job, don't get me wrong. They recently renovated the restaurant and the buffet breakfast is great, but it is the location of this hotels that tops all others. The hotel rooms are a few years behind the times, and are in need of an upgrade. They are clean enough and Starwood does what it can, but if you stay at this hotel it's all about Location, Location, Location!!!!!I hope that helps.China Expat	
Feb 21 2008 	I would stay there again in a heartbeat but....	I have read all the reviews on this hotel. I think until the rooms are renovated, which is soon people need to decide what is most important to them. The good in my opinion far outweighs any negatives. I can not imagine a better location. My wife and I had our 2 daughters, aged 5 and 8 with us. We were literally able to walk to every theatre, as well as most of the big attractions. The Tube is steps away, as are buses. There are always cabs in front. Convience abounds. The public areas are magnificient. The pool and health club are truly something to see, and for the kids was a great break in between sightseeing. The staff was very friendly, but if you do a little research on your own, I truly felt as if we knew more then the concierges.It was very suprising at how little local knowledge the concierges had. They gave us incorrect information on times, as well as how to get to certain places. They couldnt have been nicer, but thats not the most important part of a concierge. We had a &quot;newly renovated room&quot; It was better then the non renovated rooms, but the carpet was worn as were the bedspreads. The room was a nice size and clean, so since we spent so little time in the room, it did not matter. There are a lot of nice touches at this hotel. Its very charming. When you book, speak your mind. They do try to accomodate you. They make you feel wanted and welcome. We had a bad experience at the Terrace rest there.They took it off the bill upon checkout. If you are looking for the most luxurious room in the world, dont stay here. Its a 5 star hotel as far as public areas and location. Id say 3.5 for the rooms until they renovate. It should not stop you from staying at the hotel.	
Feb 21 2008 	Overpriced and notvery nice	I got booked into this hotel for work back in September.You can’t fault hotels location, it is great right in the middle of London! The check in staff was pleasant and helpful.I have seem about 3 lifts in the hotel in my short stay and got stuck in one of them, so not so good. The executive room was big with 2 bed in it just for myself, when I got back to the hotel around midnight, the staff got slippers out for me, placed mints on the pillow and tomorrow’s forecast.However, my room was opposite 2 lifts and there was another lift on the left of the room. I didn't realize hoe noisy they get all through the night. I was constantly woken up throughout the night by staff and then people staying at the hotel from 6am!So not a good night sleep, though my bed was comfortable.There were tears on the carpet and the room needed sprucing up.I think for the cost of £425 (this was corporate rate as well!) the hotel is over priced and need some modernization and not have rooms next to lifts and charge that much money for it!	
Feb 14 2008 	Did not live up to expectation	We picked this hotel because it was close to the theatre and restaurant where we were spending the evening. The location is excellent, a short distance to Piccadilly Circus.First impressions were really good, the hotel is in a beautiful building and the public areas have been renovated very well, with a good attention to detail, and felt very modern. The lobby, bar, restaurant etc were great. So we were excited to see what our room would be like - opened the door and so disappointed! I think the renovation stopped in the corridor! The room was extremely small, and felt like i was in a completely different hotel to the one I had just entered minutes before. Floral bedspread, floral curtains, with the most awful view (overlooked interior courtyard with ugly huge pipes and vents). I guess there was a small consolation we didn't overlook the busy road. The bathroom was very small, and the door didn't open fully into the room without hitting the basin. The shower was good though, all very clean and i liked the toiletries provided. Overall, a disappointing stay and we would not return.	
Feb 11 2008 	One of the worst hotels I ever stayed at	My husband and I stayed at the Le Meridien in Feb 08 and paid around 320 pounds per night. Our room was orginally booked for 2 weeks but by the end of a week, we couldn't tolerate almost everything and moved to another hotel. The hotel was old, depressing and in serious need of a refurbishment. Our room had a huge crack on the wall, the floor boards were creaking, the towels had yellow stains, there was a large pillar in the middle of the room in front of our bed (not a pretty sight to wake up to) and the bathtub, was so tiny that everytime we bathed, our arms were rubbing against the shower curtain. And the staff? For starters, they did not deliver my husband's dry-cleaning on-time, did not change the fused light bulbs in the room despite numerous requests to do so and failed to bring up the correct order when we did room service. I'm still baffled by how the hotel can claim to be a 5 star establishment when it's clearly a 3 star hell hole.	
Jan 27 2008	Great Location...Updated starts next week	Had a great 2 night stay at the Le Meridien Picadilly. Upgraded to an Executive Suite as a Starwood Platinum on points.The hotel location simply cannot be beat. It is right in the center of the city and right next to all of the theatres.Service was outstanding. David the front desk manager was very acocmodating and one of the best hotel associates I've every dealt with.Hotel is beginning renovations next week starting on the 9th floor and will take 10 months. I was told it will be renovated very silmilar to the Le Meridien in Vienna which is very modern and nice. This will be a great look for the interior due to the location.	
Jan 24 2008 	Could be worse could be a lot better too.	Our room was an Executive and in itself it was okay, but no more. A bit on the tired side with outdated colors, creaky floors, wobbly furniture and a tiny and fuzzy tv with a few, completely uninteresting, free-to-air channels. Unfortunately it was also located facing the back alley near some sort of generator, which was noisy and caused the entire room to vibrate ever so slightly most of the time. It was quite hot in the entire hotel, therefore also in the room. The A/C was very noisy but unable to cool the room in any noticeable way. Since there was also no ventilation in the bathroom and all windows were wired shut, staying in the room actually became rather unpleasant.We found it very odd that a 4/4.5 star hotel in this price range offered no complimentary services whatsoever. The basic breakfast service could be purchased separately for apprx 50 USD per person per day, which we found rather steep. Furthermore we were informed by the hotel staff that our reservation did not include their morning newspaper or access to their pool/spa area or any business facilities.All in all we were left with the impression that for all the amenities and luxurious facilities advertised, nothing was included and everything was stunningly expensive. Whether this is the norm, or whether we were simply offered reduced services for booking at reduced prices through Hotwire, I couldn't say.The best thing to be said about our stay in this hotel is its location, few steps from Piccadilly Circus and underground station - and luckily the Soho area offers a wide range of good cafes and restaurants as an alternative to the 50 dollar breakfast.	
Jan 23 2008	special stay at LeMeridien!	I'll say I do agree with some other comments that they need some refurnishment - but i was talking to some staff members and so they told - there is a refurnishment comming up in 2008! looking forward to.the staff was really helpful, so my mum dont speak english and she always find staff what speaks german as well! they also have a germna menu in the terrace restaurant and so working there 2 waiter and managment - are germans and really helpful (what to do in london) i would give the hotel 5 points if the rooms are perfect - but will come back after the renovation.... so it has been a great time, in one of the hearts of london - walkdistans to mama mia, stomp, marry popins, chicago, caberet, Josef, Dirty dancing, and many more musicals as well to so many sights.... like piccadilly circus, trafalgar square, green park and hydepark, charing cross, chinatown, soho, westminster abby and house of parlament and big ben and much more..... thanks you for the great time!	
Jan 12 2008 	Great in every way	We booked a theatre package which included a one night hotel stay and theatre tickets. I feel that we got a really good deal. We chose the hotel because it seemed a good price considering the location and the apparently luxurious facilties. It didn't disappoint. WIthout exception, the staff were extremely polite and helpful. My friend used the concierge to book a restaurant table and the service was very efficient.The room was a reasonable size, in very good decorative order, very clean, nice bathroom, and had all that you would need - tea/coffee making facilities, robes and slippers, toiletries, sewing-kit, mini-bar, latest edition magazines (Newsweek and Harpers Bazaar). There was a raised mezzanine type area with bannisters, which had 2 armchairs, a table and TV. The room was at the back, and overlooked Regent Street. There was double glazing which kept out most of the noise, but we did hear a little in the night. There wereTV channels in quite a few different languages. UK channels were only terrestrial ones, plus BBC New 24. A sports channel or some of the Freeview channels would have been nice.Breakfast was served in a bright terraced restaurant and was extensive- cereals, fruit, cheeses, ham, smoked salmon, danish pastries, croissants, chocolate gateau (too early in the day for me to eat that!), home-made muffins, different breads. The hot buffet had the usual things, bacon, sausages, baked beans, mushrooms, scrambled eggs,etc.. My friend wanted soft boiled eggs and they made some for her. There was a la carte at an extra cost.We used the swimming pool, which was lovely. It was in the basement and had lovely high ceilings and decorative columns, blue tiles and a fountain. The jacuzzi was very hot! We didn't have time to try the gymequipment or the squash courts.The hotel location was brilliant. It was very close to Piccadilly Circus tube station, very handy for the theatres and the shopping in Regent Street.I would certainly go back again. When I was looking for somewhere to stay, I found cheaper hotels, but it didn't cost much more to get top class facilities. Or maybe we just got a really good deal!	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Location	Le Meridien has a great location right on Piccadilly. Easy access to public transportation, shops, theater, etc. We initially were set up in a room on the second floor. Some of the rooms in the hotel have yet to be updated, and this was one of them. The heat wasn't working, and it was located right above the busy loud street. No worries, just make sure to ask for a room that is on the courtyard, and that has been updated. Once we moved, it was very nice and quiet. They have a nice cocktail lounge downstairs, very comfy after a long day of walking. Afternoon tea as well, but didn't try that. Comfortable beds, great shower pressure. Helpful staff. It's also a very pretty building.	
Dec 14 2007	Brilliant Central Location!	I stayed one night at Le Meridien, having got it for £120 on Priceline. For this price, I thought having such a central hotel in London was brilliant. All the staff I encountered were lovely and we were upgraded to an executive room. Having said that, I am not sure I would want to stay in a standard room at full price. Our room was huge, but the bathroom had clearly seen better days. It was immaculately clean however. For such a central hotel, however, it was extremely quiet during the night, and the turndown service was very good. We had robes, slippers etc and the hotel was just the job. We did not try any of the food so cannot comment on that. If you can get a deal on Priceline, excellent, but I would not pay £360 for this hotel, which is what the full price should have been.	
Dec 9 2007 	Dreadful disappointing room	Having stayed at the fabulous Meridien in Boston, I was excited about our stay for 2 nights at this Meridien with a group of work colleagues. Our room 231 was tiny. bathroom was in the room, modern design ok, but the toilet cubicle was open top and botton so if someone was using it, you could hear everything. No extractor either. floor tiles cracked in the bed area, rug under bed all torn at edges. one of the dressing robes was completely ripped inside. Why was this not noticed ? Only mirror in the whole room was the shaving mirror..ridiculous ..for £300 a night. bar area downstairs tiny for a 5 star. breakfast possibly the worst I have ever had at a 5 star hotel. bacon totally salty, eggs that were runny and cold..yuck. we ordered club sandwiches the night we arrived and it took 25 mins for them to arrive and the chips with them were cold ! Staff were nice and the location is great but I would never stay again at this hotel and would check out the other hotels in the area. Very bad value for money !	
Nov 8 2007 	great location/FriendlyHelpful Staff	Arrived early evening. Asked for an upgrade (booked on priceline.$300/nite for 4 nights) I got a free upgrade as a starwood holder and then elected to pay additional 4o pounds ($80.)per nite for a better upgrade. Each time they offered to show me the room before choosing. I took the additional $80/nite upgrade.Room was very nice &amp; large. 2 double beds.. a large bath, all marble. After some of the reviews I had read I was not expecting much but was pleasntly surprised.The downstairs lounge/bar was overpriced but ok.Biggest compaint would be there were no posted prices for the mini-bar and a small bottle of water wound up costing over$4. Dinner was too expensive so we found some nice places nearby .The staff was extremely friendly, pleasant and very helpful. Gave us maps, directions and suggestions for dinner.Would not give 5 stars but definately give 4 stars (5 stars to the service and staff).Location was terrific.all buses nearby, could walk to so many popular attractions..enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 27 2007	My Shabby Experience-	a) Stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly on the 24th October, 2007 with my Wife and three Children-Childrens room was OK except it smelt of mould-desk light did not work and for £280 plus vat for one night-room needed total refurbishment-4/10b) Our room being totally honest had no window-at £250 plus Vat-I immediately complained and the Hotel Check In Manager (Female) told me that actually they have clients who like rooms with no window (sort of incredible)-c) She was helpful and did move us to a nice room next to the Childrens-which was fine-but did not make for a good start-d) Overall the staff were no where near up to the standard of a 5 Star Hotel-the basement bar is very shabby and in my opinion the areas of the hotel I have seen need total refurbishment-Its a pity as it has the potential to be a great Hotel-overall rating 4/10	
Oct 3 2007 	Very Average for a 5*	I was given a theatre breaks voucher as a christmas present, and the company had about 10 five * hotels to choose from. Aside from The Ritz, I had heard of Le Meridien and was told it had a good reputation.Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 2 nights, mainly because we had heard of the great pool. After arriving a few hours before check in to drop off our bags, we were told it was possible to check in early. Not only that, but we had been upgraded to an executive room. Well i had already booked a superior room so it seemed to be a great start. However, after arriving in our room, i must say i was hugely disappointed. Although not a bad sized room, the massive oversized bed took up the majority of it. Don't get me wrong, i love a big king sized bed, but this was absolutely insane. U could fit about 10 people in it and it made the room seem small. Bath was very small. The reception area is lovely, and the staff downstairs were extremely helpful, if slightly intimidating. Although a young couple, we received the impression we should have millions in our bank to be able to come in. So even walking out in jeans to sight see we felt out of place.The pool was average. But there was only the two of us in there. If there had been a few more it would have seemed quite small im sure. And the jacuzzi was out of order for the whole stay -slight let down. But there's also a sauna.Breakfast was good, and we dined in the terrace restaurant that evening. I have to say its fairly expensive, but the food and service was out of this world. By far the best feature of the hotel - i would recommend eating there. Also there's a nice bar in the foyer.I admit, i thought this hotel was good, but after staying in a few 5* hotels and plenty of 4* hotels, it certainly didn't meet my 5* expectations. I'd class it an average 4*. If its a special occasion, i would recommend staying somewhere else.	
Sep 29 2007	Complicated Hotel	I have a lot of mixed feelings on this hotel so I gave it an average score. The hotel itself seems very nice - the hotel staff is super helpful and goes out of their way to make you feel welcome, help you out, etc. Where my problem lies is the room itself. I really felt like we got 5 star service with a 2 star room. Since I stay in the room more than I enjoy the service - I gave it overall 3 stars. The room was small, had a bed spread that made me feel like I was staying in the country - seriously clashed with the over service provided. There was no real desk in our room at all and limited space to put our things. It was honestly hard to get past the bedspread, hehe. Add in the german phone sex channel that comes on at 11pm on their TV ....and you get the point. High quality service with low quality rooms.I will say the location is great as you are a 1 min walk from Picadilly circus, the tube station, visitor center, etc.	
Sep 24 2007 	Had a very enjoyable stay	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights for my mother's birthday. I have stayed in 5* hotels abroad but not in this country so I didn't quite know what to expect. The check in was smooth - we arrived at noon even though check in wasn't until 3pm, but out rooms were ready for us. We dropped our bags off outside the hotel and had to enter a bus lane to do this - this could have cost us a £120 fine so be aware!The breakfast was great - a massive selection and we really filled ourselves up on this as we were doing the touristy thing and didn't really have time for lunch.The rooms were clean - stocked with plenty of tea, coffee and biscuits and a great size - only thing that was a problem was the enormity of the bed...the duvet didn't really fit on it and I got cold quite a fewtimes in the middloe of the night with my other half (who seems like he was over the other side of the bedroom, stealing the covers!)The leisure centre was very good and a great addition to some of the London hotels I have stayed in, great pool, steam room and changing rooms.The location was great, couldn't fault that.Although we had a great time and enjoyed our stay at the hotel, it didn't quite live up to my 5* expectations - I was imagining a bit more grandeur in the rooms; similar to the experiences I have had at 5* properties in Thailand and the Caribbean.	
Sep 17 2007 	Dont Bother	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in,it is not a what a real 5 star hotel should be - at best its a 2/3 star.The room was cramped and dirty. Carpet was torn in places.Bedspread had stains - cobwebs everywhere and the room smelled of human sweat , masked with air freshenerThey really didn't care when I complained - I was just passing trade - so they gave me the worst room in the building.and I pre-paid £230.00 for one night - not including b'fast.Dinner was over cooked - had a slight metalic taste to it.Whoever owns or tries to manage this place hasn't got a clue.I have worked in Hotels and Catering for 25 years -and I have stayed in some really bad places - but this is the worst.They need to lose 2 stars.Dont stay here - you will be disappointed	
Sep 13 2007 	Fantastic location.... Not a great hotel anymore....	I stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly 20 years ago when it really was a 5 star hotel and decided to stay recently in view of my previous good experience. How sad I was to note the tired, shabby state it has been allowed to become by the current owners. The room size was ok but the furnishings and decor were completely worn out - nowhere near 3 star let alone 5 star status. The hotel has been 'flogged' to the limit and should have been refurbished five years ago. The interconnecting door between rooms had virtually no soundproofing and, in order to catch some sleep, I had to knock twice to silence the neighbours who were having a lively conversation at 1pm. The bar has always been expensive but even I was surprised when we were charged £45 for four ordinary drinks and the privelege of sitting in threadbare armchairs. The staff were friendly and helpful but they are working with a worn out product and even they can only do so much!	
Aug 24 2007 	Alright considering it was booked on Priceline	We had three rooms for two nights before our cruise and then one night after. All were booked on priceline and we were quite happy with the price we paid considering how expensive London is. The location of the hotel is excellent. The service was good but not great, with some lapses, but they tried to please. The public areas are quite nice and well maintained but somewhat outdated. We had a variety of rooms, from a tiny room with two twins to very large rooms during the second stay. All of the rooms were very outdated. The looked like they had not been redone since the 1940s and probably haven't. However, linens were quite good. The bathrooms were spacious and amenites there were nice. Overall, I would stay here again if I got the same price ($240/night) but would not pay more for this hotel.	
Aug 21 2007 	OK but overpriced	Stayed two nights. booked through SPG and got &quot;upgrade&quot; to tiny box of a room on 8th floor.It's an average 4 star hotel, certainly no better than the Royal Lancaster which is 60% cheaper.Average dinner in terrace restaurant (with leaky roof and forgotten orders) came in at £170 +. Don't stay here if value for money is an issue. Great fitness club/steam etc in basement. No plan to return. There's better value elsewhere in town.	
Jul 30 2007 	Central location good rooms if you get upgraded	In contrast to many of the reviewers posting here, we had a great time at Le Meridien Piccadilly. I should caveat that statement, though, by saying that we were given a &quot;double upgrade&quot; due to Starwood Gold status. We were initially a little underwhelmed that our room was a &quot;double upgrade.&quot; But, based on others' room experiences, I suppose it really was an improvement over the norm. Not a large room, but very clean and comfortable, with a big window overlooking Regent St. The AC worked really nicely, and we had no noise problems whatsover. Even the shower was modern and great. So, it looks like we avoided some travelers' problems by getting the upgrade. We also enjoyed the chocolates with turndown service.As others have noted, the various service fees at this hotel are a bit much. 2 pounds for a local phone call. Something like 20 pounds for 40 minutes of in-room internet. 20 pounds for a not very impressive breakfast buffet. Much better to go to one of the many nearby eateries for a more affordable start to the day. The best thing about this hotel (depending upon your interests) is its location. If you want to be in the heart of things, especially for theater, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace, shopping, etc., you can't get much more central. And, the Piccadilly Circus tube stop is just steps away. That said, the crowds on the street can get annoying after a while, so you need to consider carefully whether or not you really want to be in the heart of things. I'm not one for staying in Times Square in NYC, and this is sort of similar to that (although not quite as intense).	
Jul 29 2007	Fabulous location...great hotel.	The hotel is in a Fabulous location...easy walk to the Leicester Square where TKTS is located and easy walk to Buckingham Palace and Cabinet war rooms, Parliment, London Eye etc...a few minutes away from Picadilly Circle where everything is so energized and lively. Right on a bus stop and easy to get a cab so we LOVED the location. We booked thru otel.com and had breakfast included in room fee and that breakfast was spectacular...it normally would cost atleat 20GBP...we LOVED it.The concierge was really helpful and always nice and available. You can even get umbrellas from him when it rains.I was hesitant to stay due to the bad reviews on tripadvisor but we are totally thrilled with that hotel and would not want to stay in any other location...but do try to get that breakfast included...usually available at otel.com...didn't see it on the other sites...it made a big difference since the food in London is so expensive.	
Jul 5 2007 	Stay Elsewhere!	We were expecting a 5 star hotel and were shocked to find that our room was a hole in the wall, with no wall between the bedroom and the bathroom, a dirty bathtub, stained sheets and poor electrical function in the room.It started off badly when our room was not ready upon our arrival, we waited four hours until the room was &quot;ready&quot;. Then the overhead lights kept going out. We'd call the hotel staff and they were blaming us for &quot;plugging something in&quot; but it wasn't the outlets that didn't work, it was the overhead lights. Three times they had to fix the fusebox until I insisted that there was a problem with the lights that needed to be addressed. Finally someone came up to the room, took the transformer bulbs out of the lights over the desk and left. Thereafter we didn't have a problem with the lights anymore but we had no desk lamp either.I also asked for a hairdryer. Housekeeping insisted one was in the room already. Yes, there was a HOLDER for a hairdryer but unless it was invisible, the hairdryer was absent. Housekeeping agreed to send up a hairdryer. What they sent was an old CRUDDY hairdryer someone had left in the hotel. Why was it left in the hotel? Because it was BROKEN! The elements heated up but no air was blown - the fan didn't work. I calmly asked them to provide a hairdryer that actually workedand informed them that, in the future, they should at least clean broken appliances before supplying them to their guests.The experience soured us on London, and I doubt we'll be going back anytime soon. I am sure there are nicer, better hotels for the outrageous amount of money this hotel charges.	
Jun 18 2007 	Very expensive hotel	I wanted a nice central hotel as we were going to see Mamma Mia. My room needed a make over, the bath and sink leaked and the carpet needs refurbishing. I was very disappointed for the price l paid. They gave us a free bottle of red wine as it was my husbands birthday by a nice friendly receptionist. On arrival l did not find another receptionist friendly to begin with l think it all depends who you have. I have stayed at better hotels.	
Jun 8 2007 	Good Location Bad Hotel service	We recently stayed at this hotel due to the recent reports however we learned that this hotel does not cater well to families or US citizens. Examples, every concierge gave us wrong directions and inaccurate info. We asked for area restaurants and they replied &quot;just out the door&quot;. OK, but do you have a list of restaurants around the Picaddilly Circle...&quot;no&quot;.The doorman was best at directions and recommendations.We had a very small room for three persons and had a funny smell in the room.There is a charge for everything, the hotel computer terminal internet access is VERY expensive. A three ounce coke at the bar was $10. The hotel restaurant has more atmosphere than taste.London is an expensive city but this hotel added to the frustration with small overpriced rooms and bad concierges.The London taxis are excellent and are fair priced.	
May 22 2007 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	It was the most over-priced and over-rated hotel ever! It was dirty, run-down, smelly, thin walled and simply ugly. Customer service was terrible! O, I had several thefts from my room also. I do not understand how this hotel is a four star one. I understand that hotels in London are generally run-down but this hotel is unacceptable for its price. Stay away from this place!	
May 20 2007 	Good location nice food	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for one night, as we were attending a dinner there.Check in was fine. The first room we were offered had only an internal window overlooking the restaurant and bar, which we didn't like. There was no problem changing it to one overlooking Regent Street. The room wasn't very big, and the wardrobe was tiny, but it was perfectly ok for one night. The room was clean and traditionally furnished, if a little gloomy. Oddly, there were some small holes burnt in the curtains.All the staff were very friendly and helpful - doormen, porters, check-in, chambermaid, and waiters.The formal dinner was very good. Afterwards, although the bar was crowded, the staff did their best to rearrange the furniture to accommodate our party.Service in the restaurant next day was a little bit slow, but friendly and they apologised, and the food was excellent.The central location, handy for nice shops, was a big bonus. Our room had double glazing, but we could still hear street noise - but that is to be expected if you choose a really central location like this. Nothing that ear plugs couldn't fix.	
May 11 2007 	Beware!!	We booked the LeMeridian Piccadilly through United Vacations in Nov. 2006. After an all nite flight arriving at the hotel at 7 a.m. we had to wait all day for a room, actually took a nap in the spa waiting for room. The first room they gave us was very small, very dated with extremely faded bedspread, lamp shades hanging from lamps and very unsatisfactory and asked for another room. We spent our first nite in the second room they found for us which wasn't much better. After &quot;upgrading&quot; with two cost increases we got a larger room more like a Jr. Suite size but still was pretty worn and in need of remodeling. There is NO WAY this is a 5 star hotel. Can't believe the pictures of rooms I've seen on web sites, ours was NOTHING like any of them. Location is great right next to subway and within walking distance of many attractions. Would NOT stay there again for sure.	
Apr 25 2007 	Needs a facelift	We stayed at the hotel over the weekend of the London Marathon. We had booked the hotel through Priceline’s blind auction for about £450 for 3 nights (Sat, Sun, and Mon) including Priceline’s fees and charges back in January. The Le Meridien Piccadilly is often won on the blind 5* auctions for Mayfair on Priceline. Given that there were 35000 runners in the Marathon and 700,000 people watching it – we thought cheap prices would be hard to come by. The rack rate for the room was £310+ VAT. I was disappointed there was no obvious way to email the hotel to make requests.LocationIf you want to be near Piccadilly, the hotel can’t be beat. Now that the universally recognised terrible Regent Palace Hotel is closed, I would guess it is the closest hotel, at about 30 seconds, from Piccadilly Circus and the nearest Tube station. The entrance to the hotel lies opposite Waterstones bookshop (I think the largest in London) and about 100 yards from Fortnum and Masons. There are dozens, if not 100s, of bars, restaurants and coffee shops within a few minutes walk of the hotel – but don’t forget this is Tourist Central so prices are set accordingly.The BuildingThe hotel is to be found in a large Victorian 7 or 8 story high building. It straddles Piccadilly and Regent Street. The entrance is on Piccadilly and whilst not overly grand it can’t be missed as the front of the hotel is swathed in flags bearing its name, but don’t expect Red Carpets. Rooms are double glazed but Regent Street and Piccadilly are subject to VERY heavy traffic virtually 24 hours a day, so even up on the upper floors you will hear the traffic. With this is mind you might want to opt for one of the rooms overlooking one of the side roads. Check InWe checked in just after noon but our room wasn’t ready, we were told to return an hour later. We were given the room we wanted, namely a non smoking King Size. We were told we wouldn’t be given any Starwood Points for our staysPublic AreasI was disappointed to see that much of the ground floor space of the hotel is given over to shops that face onto Piccadilly and Regent Street. This means that the hotel lobby is quite small and not very grand. Yes, there is a bit of marble here and there but there is little in the way of public areas that one expects in a grand hotel. The Oak Room, once the hotel’s signature restaurant is now a small lounge area, open only part of the day – this room was very disappointing and dark – a room like this should have windows! 3 lifts are to be found, all creaky, not very luxurious and only 2 of them working during our stay. The hotel corridors were quite wide but the carpet was in a poor state with numerous marks, stains and cigarette burns.The RoomWe got the room we wanted, a large King Size, Non Smoking, High Floor. The room was large, and from the floor plan, one of the biggest on the floor. The room had no view to speak of, looking out over a side street. The room was decorated in what I call 1970s/ 1980s luxury - floral curtains and Victoriana furniture. Nothing was broken, but everything looked a bit tired. The TV was small and old fashioned. Light switches were old and tatty. The bathroom was very tired. Worn marble, no separate shower, fittings looked very old. Nice selection of toiletries though. Plumbing was a bit suspect, you could hear water draining around the hotel in the bathroom. There was a turndown service in the evening. Room service was incredibly expensive - £8 for a coffee. TOP TIP- The English breakfast delivered to your room is £24, but, as we found there is nothing to stop you ticking everything on the menu and paying just one fee. We had 4 fruit juices, Coffee, Tea, Cereals, Croissant, Toast, Fruit bowl and a full English breakfast – plenty for the 2 of us.The SpaThe hotel has an excellent spa, gym and large subterranean swimming pool. We were told the pool “wasn’t working” the one day we tried to use it, so a big thumbs down here. We were allowed to use the steam room and whirlpool.Bar and RestaurantsThe main hotel bar is in the basement and is your typical London smoky club bar. It was dark and we found it a bit dingy and very 1980s. Costs were very high. £5 for a small beer, £10 for a scotch, and £7.50 for a small house wine. The main restaurant is a conservatory and looked nice, but on Saturday night at 9pm it was dead.ServiceService was definitely not 5 Star. We were hardly ever addressed or acknowledged by staff. Staff seem incredibly inflexible, my partner asked for a champagne breakfast delivered to the room one morning and was told they don’t do such a thing, unbelievable. In the 4 days we were there we didn’t encounter one English member of staff, Ok not unheard of in the English hospitality industry but several had major problems understanding English.ConclusionThe hotel likes to think of itself as a 5 star, it isn’t really – It isn’t a bad hotel, and we did enjoy our stay. The hotel is a solid 4 star hotel. It needs a bit of a makeover and in some areas the hotel needs to get more service orientated. Don’t be disappointed if you get this hotel on Priceline, but it’s nowhere near as good as the Sofitel, which we were awarded last time.	
Apr 14 2007 	Would return	I was worried about the mixed reviews of this hotel but we were pleasantly surprisedWe are a family of 4 with 12yr old girl and 10yr old boyAs most people know it is hard to find a room for 4 in Europe. The reasons we chose this hotel were, rooms for 4, pool, location and price. We had a great deal at 150pounds plus VAT, this also included the buffet breakfast each morningWe arrived at 10am and as expected the room wasn't ready. We went to have a bite to eat and walk around some. We returned to the hotel at 2pm and they did have one room ready but the one they had set aside wasn't yet ready as the people in it were platinum starwood members and had a 4pm checkout. That was fine with us because we are Gold members and we would get the same on our last day. They asked us to go into the Oak Room and have some tea and biscuits while we waited, which was complimentary because of the waitThe room was definitely worth the wait. It was huge. Since it was a corner room it had a hallway with a single sleeper sofa, armoire and desk, then around the corner there was the bedroom with two queen beds, sofa, tv, another desk and armoire, along with the minibar and chest of drawers. This room could physically fit 5 people but that doesn't show anywhere on the website. I guess you would have to call the hotel directly in order to book it for 5 people. The front desk sent up a large bottle of water, some chocolates and fruit cups since we had to wait long for our room. I thought that was a nice touchThe room was in great shape, it was the old style of decor not the new style of the renovated rooms they show on their website, but it was fine with us we thought it was pretty. It had a large bathroom with a shower with great water pressureWe took advantage of the heathclub downstairs and the hot tub after a long day of walking did wonders for sore muscles. The kids really enjoyed the poolBreakfast each day was good, it was the same every day and I guess I would have liked some variety. There was plenty to choose from and this isn't a complaint just an observation, and it was free with our roomThe internet in the room was expensive so we opted to purchase an internet card and use the terminals they had in the lobby. The 24 hour charge from your room was 20 pounds. We purchased a 90 minute card for 10 pounds and used it all weekThe location was perfect for getting to many places. If you are looking for more of a residental feel to the neighboorhood you are staying in, this isn't the place for youWe found everyone we encountered to be helpful and very nice We would definitely stay here again given the right price	
Mar 26 2007 	Good place if you can afford it!	The older rooms in this hotel are not so nice, but the newly renovated rooms are really good...and generally larger (or at least feel larger!)My wife and I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and we really loved it for its incredible location! It is located on Piccadilly and is really right in the hub of where all activities in London happen! the theater district is nearby and so are the restaurants and shopping! Also it is a short walk to the Trafalgar Square!Overall it is bit pricey hotel...but then London is steep! We really loved our stay here as we could go everywhere and still return to our hotel which was a short walk of underground ride away!If you can afford it, it is worth it!	
Mar 17 2007 	Can't beat the location; well appointed but tranquil hotel	OK - this is my second trip to London &amp; second time staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. I mainly relied on my bf the first time we went as he told me it was a great location, central to everything. And being a Meridien a trustworthy brand. I am very high maintenance about hotels - I tend to pick them apart but honestly not much to pick apart at the Meridien Piccadilly. I have stayed in much better hotels &amp; definitely worse.Beautiful building / street exterior - doorman greets you at the revolving doors bringing you into the small, but lovely lobby. There is a concierge desk &amp; a check-in area. There is a beautiful tea room/lounge off the lobby very old school looking. A small room with two computers (pay for use) and a few chaises/seats scattered. Not a grand lobby per se, but everything you need &amp; free umbrellas to check out for your stay. The room first time around in 2005 had a view half brick wall / half staring at rooftops (but not over rooftops). Small by my standards, but this is London - it was an Executive Room. Lovely bed, very nice bathroom (no shower curtain) - but the best was a heated towel rack!!! Gotta love that! It was a pleasant stay, close to a lot of things, the tube is right out the door. There was a bar in the basement that I went to to have a drink - not lively, mostly business people.The room this February 2007 was larger (and actually on the same floor right next door to our 2005 room funny enough!). It was definitely larger than our first room, and being a size queen (ah hem, about rooms) I was very happy this time. Everything was just so; nice furniture, bathrobes, not over the top not too boring. No view to speak of that was the only sour note. Either you face the street or the courtyard which doesn't offer anything pleasant to look at. This room was also an Executive Room ($400-450 per night).There was a shower curtain this time! Very excited about that - I can never get used to Europe's no-shower curtain obsession - I make a mess of the floor every time!Overall my impression is a very good one. If you are a tourist to London or a repeat visitor, this hotel offers many great options.Pros:-an excellent &amp; very central London address with easy access to the theater district &amp; shopping; the Tube is right outside the hotel-very nicely furnished rooms with really comfortable beds; the rooms are cozy and nicely sized-bathrobes-free umbrellas-easy access by train from Heathrow to Piccadilly Circus-good breakfast buffet if included in your price-very quiet &amp; relaxing atmosphere (see Cons, though) - good if you want to escape the buzz of Piccadilly CircusCons:-my biggest gripe are the views I had each time - see if you can't get a room overlooking Piccadilly Street (not the interior courtyard) - but no street noise to keep you awake a night-nothing trendy or exciting about the atmosphere - it is a very hushed environment - if you are looking for a hot hotel bar scene it is not here-$40 per day internet charges - unavoidable but ridiculousOverall: highly recommended because of the overall quality of the hotel &amp; the location/accessability. I'm sure there are more opulent and grand hotel choices in London but this is a 4 out of 5 for me - and my cons are really not major cons in my opinion.	
Mar 5 2007 	Central Location!	The staff were very professional &amp; helpful, the room was good, if not a little old -fashioned &amp; the breakfast was lovely. We also made use of the leisure facilities &amp; spa which were very good. We paid £200 B&amp;B for a twin room which was a good price for such a centrally located hotel however, I wouldn't pay the full price of £310 + vat.The only problem that I found with this hotel is the noise at night. Our room overlooked Regent Street &amp; as it was a Saturday night all we heard until 4.30am was music, sirens &amp; taxi's beeping their horns. Apart from that a very enjoyable stay!	
Feb 28 2007 	over-priced	Stayed there on a business trip in Feb 2007 - This hotel is definitively not worth the price quoted (GBP 320 + taxes). The Exec room was ageing very badly and I got the impression, that although it had everything you would expect from a 5* hotel - it is not one. The room on the 4th floor seemed very old, had stained carpets and curtains. As I arrived early morning they did not have a room for me, but checked me in, and assured, that upon retrun from business meetings in the evening I will have my luggage in the room. When back to the hotel at around 6.30 pm - I got my Exec room, but my luggage was not there. I had to wait additional hour and a half to get my suitcase delivered to my room.The roomservice is poor, and the quality of food just about average.Would definitively NOT return to this hotel, nor recommend it to anyone going to London. Can find better value for money elsewhere.	
Feb 19 2007	Prime Position	My wife and I stayed at Le Meridien for three nights from February 11th. You literally could not have a better location if you wanted to visit theatres, Covent Garden or the shopping streets that surround this hotel; but it comes at a price!The room we had was quite small, smaller than I am used to with Starwood hotels, but it was really clean and well appointed. My only real irritation during one night was noise from the next room through the connecting doors, even though locked it does make the soundproofing rather thin, the people having gone to sleep leaving their television on! Lovely bed though - very comfortable.Dinner was excellent, again though a little pricey, around £160 for a three course meal for two with wine and pre-meal drink. Worth the indulgence on one or two nights perhaps? Breakfasts are disappointing, for £20 you would expect more than bacon and scrambled egg as your only hot option, extra mushrooms would cost another £5, sausage would cost another £5,etc. A pot of coffee or tea on the table would also not go amiss, it is tedious to keep attracting the attention of a waitress for a top up. There are numerous food outlets surrounding the hotel if you do not want to pay these pricesStaff overall very helpful and polite and made a genuine effort to make your stay pleasureable. Other plus points are the health spa and pool recently opened, a huge Waterstones bookshop across the street, plus Fortnum and Masons to see what you could buy if you had the funds. It is a perfect hotel if you want to be right at the centre of the action in Londons West End	
Feb 18 2007	a outstanding experience	I stayed at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for three nights in december 2006 just before Christmas. Because my flight was delayed I arrived really late in the evening at about 11.30 p.m. The staff member at the front desk was extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel facade and lobby were beautifly decorated and athmosphere was wonderful. I got a deluxe room on the second floor overlooking Regent street. The room was absolutely beautiful very much like the one posted on the official Le Meridien webpage. It was spacious, it had about 40 square metres and ceeling was about 4 meters high, the style of the design was edwardian, simple classic luxury. The bathroom was also extremely nice. Every morning I experienced a wonderful breakfast in the Terrace restaurant, which overlooks Piccadilly. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially those in the restaurant. The food was exquisite. There were about fifteen tipes of smoked salmon, twenty tipes of tropical fruit, fiftteen tipes of Fortnum &amp; Mason marmelade, a range of freshly baked breads, bagels, about ten different kinds of cereal, ex. For me the hotel appeared absolutely outstanding. I also got the chance to read some of the reviews on this site and one caught my interest. The man who wrote it also added some candid pictures of an absolutely pathetic little room. I cant imagine what I would have done if I got a room like that. I believe that the amount of money that you pay per room in this hotel should be over 400$. The room I stayed in was worth slightly more than that. I dont know how much that gentleman payed for his room but he couldn't have payed more than 250$. All in all my experience was simply fantastic. If I were to go in London again I would deffinetely stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly because it is one of the top luxury hotels in London.	
Feb 15 2007 	Awful experience	I came to London on business for two weeks and left this hotel in the middle of my stay. I arrived and was told there were no non-smoking rooms available, but the smoking rooms did not smell. When I requested to be moved, the front desk told me I should leave my things packed until further notice and they could move me - which could be days. My towels had hairs on them and the room was dark and did smell. It did not feel clean and I was very uncomfortable. The customer service was terrible and most of the time I was left waiting for someone to even notice I needed to ask a question. The location was nice, but this should not be a five star hotel and it certainly charges as if it were. I do not recommend this hotel at all.	
Feb 11 2007 	Not 5 star and overpriced	For the money and the location its OK, but for a little bit more we could have got a REAL five star. The first room we were shown to had no window and no bathroom!!! It did have an open shower, and as much as my partner love each other we do like to shower in privacy. There was no bath, and a space where you could hardly get you knees apart called a toilet. On the upside the room did have a large flat screen TV and a huge bed. Prefering a window and a modicum of self respect we asked to change rooms. Our room was changed, and we were put in a standard room, (Travel Lodge style but smaller) with a tiny bed. It was overall much better as we did have a proper bathroom and a window.The duvet was too small for two people, and at the end of our stay we found out we were in fact 'upgraded' to a business class single.Everything was over priced at the hotel (even for London) and overall, we would probabaly saved £600 of the £800.00 it cost us if we had stayed in a travel lodge (with a bigger bed a duvet) and caught a taxi into the centre.That said, its location is fabulous, the concerege were good, some of the staff had difficulty understanding English!!! (We speak BBC English so wondered about this)Would not recommend the hotel if you are looking for 5 star accomodation, but would recommend it if you only want a great location and to pay an inflated price for the service recieved.Best	
Feb 9 2007 	Nice gym/location awful rooms	Very small, cheaply finished room. Great gym w/ POOL, steam room, and spa. Would not return here though just for the gym because the room was really pretty lousy compared to other hotels.	
Feb 8 2007 	Excellent Stay	We stayed at this hotel for a 3 night break 1st to 4th February. I must say that we were a little apprehensive about going to Le Meridien Piccadilly due to the negative reports on 'trip advisor'. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived - the receptionist was so attentive and professional - we had a room on the 5th floor looking out onto the front side of the hotel. It was a large room with a very large comfortable double bed and the bathroom was adequate with a brilliant shower. The bedrooms have two hairdriers, one in the bathroom and one in dressing table. My sister-in-law stayed on the 7th floor for one night 3rd February with her husband and 2 children and they had a magnificent room which cost £200.00 for the four of them with breakfast.The breakfast in the morning has to be the best we have ever experienced in a hotel - the staff were so polite and the leisure facilities were also the best we have ever seen.The prices charged were far below what we expected (if you want to get ripped off big style - try the Hilton Metropole at the NEC in Birmingham).We will definitely return to Le Meridien Piccadilly in the future as we had a fantatic time in London.	
Jan 27 2007	Definitely not 5 Star	I have just returned from a stay at this hotel and yes the location is fantastic - I had always wanted to stay at this hotel and wondered how good it would be - I made a point of emailing the hotel months before my stay to ensure that I had a very good refurbished Executive room and not one of the poor rooms mentioned in some of the reviews - I was assured on many occasions that I would not be disappointedI am afraid to say I was disappointed!! My room was supposed to be refurbished but I cannot believe it had been refurbished in the last 18 months as I had been told - the carpets were badly stained with black marks running round all the edges - the bathroom had been updated but only in so much as a few of the key tiles had been updated with something more modern leaving all the exisiting sanitary ware and original old tatty tiles in the majority of the bathroom - the bath was tiny with a terrible shower - certainly no power shower I can assure you!! The temperature was difficult to regulate on the shower it either virtually scolded you or was freezing cold!I had to go out to dinner with hand dried hair as the electrics failed to work in my room and although they sent an engineer up within an hour to sort this out - this really should have been checked before my arrival - once that was finally sorted the remote control for the TV didnt then work and needed new batteries - again something that should have been checked before hand in my opinion for a hotel of this standardI wasnt offered an alarm call or newspaper on check in and wasnt asked if I wanted a turn down service in the evening - the air conditioning in the room was very complicated and not explained which resulted in the room being far too hot for the whole of the night - some instructions would have been helpful!I was very disappointed as at £300 without breakfast a night I was expecting a lot more!! I complained and waited with my coat on for over an hour only to have to call again to remind them I hadnt heard back and was still waiting- the duty manager got in touch and said he would do his best to sort out something for me - when he came back to me I had been in the spa and had a treatment and could not be bothered moving rooms as I was by then undressed with wet hair having had my treatments and wanting to prepare for dinner - he did offer me though another room which was kind of him and he was very apologetic and polite promising me a lovely room if I chose to stay again at the hotel so I thank him for that!My dinner in the restaurant that evening was quite poor for the price with very tough breast of duck - I mentioned this at the time but nobody seemed very interested? The restaurant itself is beautiful and the breakfast in the morning was simply superb - the best full english breakfast I have ever had in an hotel - it really was something special and beautifully presentedThe spa in the hotel is lovely - I had a wonderful Decleor facial with a wonderful therapist and enjoyed the fantastic facilities of the leisure area - the hotel has one of the best indoor pools in London and a nice jacuzzi and steam room at the side of the pool - this part of my stay was very enjoyableOn check out I had to remind the desk of all the problems I had experienced and they did eventually offer me a 40% discount on my rate and promised me a lovely room should I wish to stay again so I cannot fault their customer service - it is just a shame that I wasnt given a nice room to go with the £300 per night I had paidI sometimes think this is just London hotels for you though - overpriced and definitely under delivered in terms of the luxuries they should be offering for the prices they chargeIn my opinion The Landmark has the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in in London for a similar price to this hotelI will try it again if I am offered a good rate and a beautiful room and hope to report back a different experience second time round	
Jan 24 2007	In the "pick your own price" internet booking lottery you can't beat this hotel	January 24, 2006If you are lucky enough to draw this hotel in the &quot;pick your own price lottery&quot; on one of the internet booking services, you'll get a wonderful hotel at a good rate in a great location. The room was nice, the bed comfortable, the bathroom quite sufficient, the room clean, the service very good (though I didn't ask for too much). Yes, as others say, it could stand a bit of paint here and there, and yes, the carpet in some places is a little worn. But, all-in-all, it is very nice especially if you are looking for the perfectly located hotel. If you are willing to spend hundreds more at one of London's famous and gracious five star hotels, you won't get anywhere close to the additional value that is offered by le Meridien when you are lucky to have it picked for you by one of those internet booking services. It is well worth it's 4 star rating.	
Jan 20 2007	Le Meridien Picadilly was wonderful	All the hotels in London were expensive. We got this room for about 225 pounds for a family room. They upgraded us to a beautiful suite. The lobby and rooms were impecible and the staff very helpful. The best of all is the location. Walking distance to shops, theater, tube, and some museums.	
Jan 20 2007 	Great Location but old holte with poor service	Stayed 2 nights at the Meridien Piccadilly. Great location, though the rooms (or at least my room) was completely outdated and need an urgent refurbishment: carpet smells, air smells, airco is terribly noisy, bathroom is small and inconvenient, my neighbouring room had a cold and I could hear each cough. For 250 GBP the night, not really up to standards. Ordered room service once, paid 35 £ for poor food.... Will definitely look for another place in London next time	
Jan 15 2007 	Location Location Location	Yes, the rooms are small but the location cannot be beat, well worth the price.	
Jan 9 2007 	Large slightly faded room fabulous location great pool!	This older hotel gave us a large corner room with two double beds, and views out three windows...one of which was in the bathroom. There was a desk, walk in closet and two armchairs; great for a family. And...it was free with Sheraton points! Prices we've seen for the property seem high; just like all of London. With the tube and theatres just steps away, this central location is a great place to splurge a little or redeem those hotel points. And - to the great joy of our youngest - a gorgeous pool. Be sure to check pool hours...and ask when children can swim. We weren't told that only adults are allowed after 8 p.m. until we showed up to swim one evening at 8:30. The desk staff was competant and the conceirge really didn't answer the one question we asked, but the door staff was exceptional - helpful, friendly and watchful at all times.	
Jan 2 2007 	City centre	I have stayed in Le Meridien for 5 nights in may 2006. I was satisfied with room that i've got, very clean and tidy. The breakfast was magnificent, very nicely located. I also enjoyed the bar in the hotel that served all kinds of cakes,sweets etc.but the prices aren't that nice.All in all, not so cheap but you get what you payed for. Only thing I disliked was noise, but when you want to stay in centre that's something you have to deal with.I would definately go there again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Below Par	Thought the hotel was disappointing given the price and my previous experience of a Meredien Hotel. My room was a bit poky, bed not great, service so-so and every time I waited for a lift the delay was so long I wished I'd brought a good book with me. Attractive building and the location is in Picadilly. Overall OK but poor value	
Dec 1 2006 	Don't Waste Your Money	If you are a non-smoker I'd advise you to not stay there. I had booked a non-smoking room and when I opened the door to the room I was almost overcome with the stench of smoke in the room. My throat hurt and I had a headache from staying in this &quot;non-smoking&quot; room. The carpet was old and stained. The bathroom tile and grout appeared dirty and stained. I asked for another room, but none was available. I asked if they had a room deodorizer and was told I could check down the street at Boots (a health &amp; beauty store), but then was told that they were closed. I was charged a total of $559.47 per night, so it wasn't cheap!	
Nov 30 2006 	Dated	Great location but hotel is dated. Reception staff is not the most friendly although other hotel staff is helpful. Simply put, five star prices and three star service. Look elsewhere.	
Nov 19 2006 	Very dissapointing	Le Meridien Piccadilly, 5 star hotel with a fantasic location. Location is the only thing going for this hotel. The service is appauling, i have never been treated so badly or felt as if i didnt belong. The room was very old fashioned and the restaurant had very limited options. Breakfast is very overpriced compared to other 5 star properties in the city and the choice of food is very limited. Having stayed here 2 nights i did decide to move on to the Royal Garden Hotel which was considerable better. I stayed at Le Meridien because the chain is known for a guaranteed enjoyable stay, however in the future i wouldnt use this as a certainty. I recomend this hotel is avoided at all costs.	
Nov 4 2006 	Great location some 'minuses'....	Stayed at Le Meridien with family (wife+two kids) in two connecting rooms.Hotel location is great (heart of London), rooms very spacious and well equipped.Breakfast room is beautiful, with nice sight.Concierge very helpful (we lost our mobile phone charger and he found one for us immediately).Hair dryer was not available in the room (though we requested it to housemaid and we had one....but my wife had to wait after her shower in the morning and was quite surprised that an Hotel of this category didnt have hair dryer...).All in all would come back there for the beautiful location, and would suggest other people to go there, but only at discount rates (the Hotel is not worth paying a fortune for the room!).	
Sep 24 2006 	Le Meridien - Great location!	We enjoyed the location and the size of the room given the price. Furnishings were nice if a little tired. Our booking included the complimentary breakfast which was very convenient each morning. It is nice that they had 24 hour concierge but their recommendations were very touristy. Best to do your own research and either book on your own or be prepared to tell them exactly what you want.	
Sep 19 2006 	Great Room Okay Hotel Horrible Service	We arrived at the hotel in the early morning after an over night Trans Atlantic flight. Our room was not ready, but the hotel provided us with an empty room to rest and freshen up for the day. The staff itself was very unorganized and cold. It was as if they were doing us a favor by checking us in. The public areas of the hotel were very strange: The lobby was art deco with modern accents, the tea room was Louis V style with very gaudy accents, and then a classic british bar. Nothing flowed! The health spa however was AMAZING with a gorgeous mosaic tile pool. sauna, and hot tub along with a relaxation room. The staff in the health spa were the COMPLETE opposite from the reception area, warm and friendly and willing to help. The concierge at the hotel was as RUDE as rude could be. When we asked him a simple question he did not even look up at us, and barked back with something completley irrelevant. Our room (2 queen bed family room) was VERY large even by American standards. The air conditioning worked wonderful, the bathroom was clean and spacious, and we even had a balcony overlooking Regent Street, which was a wonderful place to people watch and enjoy coffee in the morning and a drink in the evening. This was one of the nicest rooms I have seen in a European hotel. If you have never been to London, I suggest taking the Double Decker bus tour, because it allows you to see EVERYTHING in the city, I also suggest the London Eye ( but buy your tickets in advance to avoid the long line), SKIP Harrods it is the same thing as Neiman Marcus or Bergdorf Goodman but just double the price. I reccomend dinner at Le Pont De La Tour which offers al fresco dining along the Thames, along with Quaglino's which is just a short walk from the hotel. The location at the Le Meridien is UN MATCHED!!!!! If they got a new concierge and re trained their staff this would truly be a shining hotel!	
Sep 17 2006	Shabby 3* room for a 5* hotel	We were disappointed with this hotel. My partner and I travelled to London to celebrate our anniversary and thought it would be a treat to stay in a hotel that is highly regarded.We had a room on the sixth floor which was in Edwardian style. We found the following problems with our room: 1. Extraction fan in bathroom not working2. Air conditioning unit rattling and very noisy3. Carpets were matted and old, frayed in some parts and a section messing between the bedroom and the ensuite bathroom.4. Mini fridge was not working5. Peeling wall paperIn my opinion the quality of the room was a 3* rating however advertised as 5* hotel which was thoroughly misleading.The plus points are:1. Helpful staff and 5* service and facilities2. The hotel is in a great location.We will not be returning to Le Meridien in Piccadilly, however my partner and I are well travelled and have stayed in Le Meridien hotels around the world and have been impressed of their 5* standard throughout.	
Aug 31 2006 	Location Location Location	My family and I recently returned from a wonderful 8-day vacation in London. We booked this hotel several months ago via Starwood Preferred Guest, using a combination of points and regular payment. Because of this combination, the reservation got messed up and I spent a great deal of time straightening things out with Starwood, luckily right before we were to leave. So, I was a little nervous about what to expect when we got there. Things worked out and went very smoothly when we arrived, so I thought I would share my views on some of the comments that have been made in earlier reviews.1. Room availability: of course the room wasn't available early in the morning when we arrived, we weren't expecting it to be. So we checked our bags and went for a walk and some breakfast. By the time we got back, the room was ready and we checked in without problems. We needed more towels, robes and another luggage rack, all of which were brought to us immediately.2. The room itself: since we are a family of 2 adults and 2 almost-adults, we booked a &quot;junior suite&quot; which has a king bedroom, living room with queen sofabed, and 1 bathroom. Although the way the rooms connected was a little strange, we had enough space for all. The room was always immaculately clean, but it was somewhat run down in condition (curtains, lamps). The bedding was comfortable, with down pillows. The bathroom was large and the shower was great. We also had 2 TV's and a minibar that we used to store water and breakfast items in. In short, it was comfortable and clean, 2 very important features.3. Air conditioning: worked very well, no complaints.4: Public areas: there is no real lobby to hang out in, waiting for the rest of the group or just people watching. The elevators always worked fine. We were so busy that we never got the chance to check out the pool or gym. Didn't even bother with the restaurants.5. Internet: yes, very expensive at the &quot;business center&quot; which consists of 2 computer stations and a shared printer. We used it only to try to print out our return boarding passes, which we couldn't do anyway because of new restrictions at Heathrow. It cost 3 pounds (about $6) for 15 minutes, and the connections were slow, so not much could be accomplished. When needed, we used the internet at McDonalds, Burger King, and Boots drugstore, all very close to the hotel and much, much cheaper.6. Services: we had turndown at night. Otherwise, didn't ask for much, other than concierge recommendations. Always a line to talk to him, and his advice didn't help when we needed it- computer down, after hours, etc. Instead, I highly recommend talking to the doorman, Fillipo, who was so nice and awfully cute too! His advice was very helpful and sincere.So, would we go back to this hotel? My family says yes. I guess I could agree, based on the fantastic location, the cleanliness, and the comfort. We could walk, take a bus, or the tube on the corner, very easily. The Tesco market nearby had reasonably priced groceries and water, even breakfast items. The room cost about $600 per night, which is not cheap, but I have nothing to compare the price to, being new to London. It is a very, very expensive city and the exchange rate is not favorable right now. This hotel won't provide deluxe treatment, but staying here will allow you to have London at your fingertips.	
Aug 26 2006 	Le Meridien Piccadilly - A Lesson In Poor Value	I called the week before we left just to make sure our reservations were OK and they had us down for a standard instead of deluxe room. They said they would correct the problem (thank God I called to check!). When we arrived the room they had for us on the fifth floor was not ready and we would have to wait hours past the check out time to get into it. They told us that they had another &quot;deluxe&quot; room on the 2nd floor if we didn't want to wait (Jesus, they had a whole week to plan!!!). We were exhausted so we took it. The carpet was well worn and the furniture was dusty. There was virtually no drawer space. The bathroom was small and the water from the shower leaked on to the floor no matter what you did with the shower curtain. The air conditioning system could only blow cold air and it didn't matter how you adjusted it. The mattress was fair to poor as far as support goes. Also, the pillows where so worn that they were hard and had no fluff. We had also asked twice for a roll out bed for our daughter and they forgot both times. When they finally brought the bed one leg was broken and we had to prop it up with towels. They had no other bed to give us. When I had called earlier in the week they told me that they had free wireless Internet in certain parts of the hotel. This was just another lie. Internet, wireless or otherwise, was anything but free. In fact, Le Meridien Piccadilly charges ludicrous rates for internet and telephone phone. Don't even try to ask anyone for any information about the service. Everyone I spoke to turned out to be dead wrong . I found a Le Meridien Piccadilly Telephone/INTERNET Directory under a pile of brochures in our room. A fifteen minute non calling card call to the US made from the room will cost you 83 pounds. That works out to about $160 dollars for 15 minutes at the current exchange rate. If you use a calling card there is a 2 pound charge every 30 minutes for use. Do yourself a favor and pass this hotel by. If you intend to spend the money they charge at the Le Meridien Piccadilly you deserve much better than they provide.	
Aug 9 2006	Tired And Grubby Room	Stayed for a long weekend to celebrate wedding anniversary, decided to look for a better hotel than we would normally book. The public areas of the hotel are as you would expect from this class of hotel but the room was extremely disappointing. The bathroom was grubby, wallpaper coming away from walls, grubby looking bath, mould around the bath and shower made the most astonishing wailing sound. The paintwork in the bedroom was very dirty, wallpaper was coming away from the walls and worn away in parts, the room generally looked old and tired. traffic noise from outside was VERY loud and stayed so until 2 a.m. We have stayed in many hotels in london, visiting 3 times a year usually, this is the most expensive hotel we have stayed in {£180 per night} and the worst.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great location fine service small room	I have recently spent a few days in the hotel. I was a little scared after some reviews here, but I am generally quite positive about Le Meridien brand, so I decided to try.I have not come across with most of the problems mentioned here. The hotel service was impeccable, I would admit in terms of service the hotel approximates the best hotels in London. I had probably the best breakfast experience in London, most of the staff are nice looking and attentive ladies, the interior is great (this is a terrace with glass roof). Unfortunately, I did not have time to go to the health club - you will not often find a hoel with swimming pool in the Central londonAlso, the Executive room I stayed in was elegant. The bed was very comfortable. But - the room size was well below my standards (I do not think it was 25 sq m as shown on their web-site). The wardrobe was OK for me, but for two people in the room it would not be acceptable. And I did not get any upgrade as Platinum Starwood member. This is why I am unlikely to return to the hotel, although in general it is not bad.	
Jul 11 2006	Handy but dated	This hotel is perfectly placed for all the action in Piccaddily Circus and Leicester Square, however i do have to warn you of a few pitfalls.The 5 star rating i am positive only relates to its proximity as the decor is dated, the carpets and curtains are tatty. The shower in my room didnt have a temperature control, the telly didnt work, the room looked out onto the back of another part of the building with ugly features.We had a party of 12 booked into 10 diferent rooms and upon giving the first receptionist the booking details, it was passed no less than 5 times between her and another member of staff who hadnt a clue what she was doing. Meanwhile one of our other party went to a third receptionist and got booked in whilst the other 2 were still playing tig with each other. Before we knew what was happening the whole party(with the exception of 2) were booked in by the one person. The first receptionist actually gave up and asked people behind us to come forward to be booked in.Having been to many hotels around the world, this is is worse than most of them.	
Jul 10 2006	disappointing	My husband and I recently visited London and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Our first room was a disaster - with a faulty air conditioner fan that keep making noise all night long, as well as nearby guests who were partying until all hours of the night. (I gather they were attending a graduation ball, being held at the hotel)The hotel, after 2 nights,l did move us to a beautiful suite - with a separate sitting room. I appreciated their attempt to try and make our stay more pleasant. Another note - we visited the hotel restaurant twice and at both times was told that the restaurant was not serving meals. At dinner, the restaurant did not open until 6pm. On Sunday, we tried to have lunch at noon but were told that the restaurant had finished breakfast and would not open until dinner time. For a hotel of this price not to have a restaurant open for lunch is surprising. All in all, I would not stay at this hotel again and would look for another hotel.	
Jun 27 2006	great for our family	I have stayed in other hotels in London with my husband but wanted a hotel for the entire family and did a lot of research before choosing Le Meridien. It turned out to be a great choice. We got our best price by using Starwood reservations, booking a room with two doubles for our two children and ourselves. The room was large and clean with a great view. The reviews on Trip Advisor seem to indicate that the quality of the rooms varies widely, so my husband made sure to specifically ask for a high quality room when we checked in. I cannot stress enough how nice it is to have the pool in the hotel. The location was fantastic and after a long day, we would go down for a swim. The health club looked great, as well, though we never had a chance to use it. I would highly recommend this hotel for families with young children (ours are 4 and 10). One more thing--the concierge was very helpful and even introduced us to our new favorite Indian restaurant---Veraswamay just around the corner was amazing.	
Jun 25 2006	Great location room was ok	Stayed here for honeymoon in October 2005 for 6 nights. Booked through Priceline.Hotel location is central and convenient. We were given a large room with 2 small full bathrooms (not a suite, just a large bedroom), but it was definitely one of the older non-renovated rooms. There is a Starbucks and Cafe Nero next door, and there are lots of restaurants nearby.	
Jun 21 2006	Great location helpful staff decent room.	My husband and I were in Europe for our honeymoon and spent 5 nights at the Le Meridien Piccadilly. It was my second time at this hotel and the room wasn't as great as I remembered, but it was fine, defiantly not a newly renovated room (I think I must have had an upgraded room last time without knowing it).The best thing about this hotel is the location, you couldn't ask for a better spot. Shopping, restaurants, pubs, theatre district and the underground about 20 steps from the hotels front door. Also, there was a small little cafe just around the corner from the hotel (Piggy's I think), we went there every morning for a small breakfast with coffee, it was only about 7 pounds for the two of us which was great!I would defiantly go back...but would request a room on a renovated floor.	
Jun 20 2006 	Perfect Location for being in the thick of it!	Stayed here for 2 nights with my husband on a biz trip (without kids). Purposely thought we'd try a hotel in the very center of everything instead of our usual South Kensington hotel. I thought it was a wonderful hotel! The T is across the street, banks are within a block, Boots is across the street along with a cheap internet cafe. Starbucks next door. Could walk to everything in 10 minutes.Our room looked smaller and a bit different than the ones shown on the website as we had one of the top floor rooms with a &quot;dormer&quot; window--I think the room was smaller than the others, but it still was plenty spacious and the bathroom was a good size. I liked the turn down service with slippers--a nice touch.Had tea and drinks in the parlor which was quite pricey but the ambiance was nice and the service was very good. We used Priceline for our stay and at $200 per night, I think it was a steal--especially by London prices.I think I might bring the kids here next time!	
May 3 2006	Great experience!	My husband and I just returned from London after staying at this hotel for three nights. We stayed on the 4th floor in a newly renovated room. The room was spacious, clean and very comfortable. The decor was lovely and the bed had gorgeous new white linens and extra pillows. The hotel was very centrally located and was less then a block away from the underground station and many restaurants. The staff was extremely courteous especially the front desk manager. I am a very tough hotel critic and I would reccomend this to my friends and family and plan to stay again on my next visit.	
Apr 27 2006 	Pleasant Stay at Meridien Piccadilly	My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April 2006. We had a room with 2 queen (double) beds on the 9th floor with a view toward the London Eye and Big Ben. The room was quite large but definitely needed updating. When we booked the room, our reservation said we had an Executive room with 2 Queen beds, which this room was not. When we enquired at the desk about the difference, they told us that none of the Executive (meaning remodeled) rooms had 2 queen beds, which differed from their web site and our confirmation. I didn't have a copy of the confirmation with me so we were stuck. But, when we told them about specific problems with the room (eg., the towel warmer wasn't working, light bulbs out, etc), they promptly fixed them so we were content. My husband uses this hotel when he travels on business and always gets an Executive room, which is says are extremely nice. So, if you want a great room, you need to pay for the upgraded rooms.The rest of the hotel was fabulous - the breakfast buffet was very nice and the wait staff was typically very attentive. We didn't any other meals there so I can't comment. The health club and pool were fabulous! One of the best indoor pools we have ever used - gorgeous, very comfortable water temperature, and the room was kept nice and warm so you didn't freeze when you got out. The location was perfect for us - great access to the tube and convenient to the theatres and restaurants.	
Feb 20 2006	Not what it used to be...	This used to be one of my favourite hotels in the world... I had amazing memories of it, stayed dozens of times, including one long stay of 3 weeks whilst I was moving.I regret that my last visit was a major let down. I took a friend for a weekend as a special treat, upon arrival the public areas were immaculate and pleasing as always. I had to wait some time to check in as the desks were busy, however the actual check in was ok.We were then sent to our room on the 9th floor, no lift to the last part and long dull corridors to walk along. I was shocked when I saw the room, the smallest I have ever seen, a little tired, and not the executive room that I expected.After complaining by telephone ( and they seemed shocked that I would complain about this room! ) I was asked if I would like to see a different room. This alternative was on a low floor, with a view or a brick wall, it was large but very, very tired and grubby looking with odd furniture including a dirty pink sofa!After deciding to put up with the room we were originally allocated we decided to visit the leisure centre. All I can say is that in the days when Champneys were running the centre it was stunning, - its now very poor indeed. Half of the services and facilities are gone, eg: The Relaxation Room - now just full of empty boxes, no bathrobes are provided and they refused to fetch us robes from the hotel.I found on this visit the staff appeared very stressed, unfriendly and not wanting to help in any way.	
Feb 12 2006 	Rooms have seen better days but comfortable and well located	It's true the rooms are little faded and the details haven't received the attention you'd expect in a 4-star hotel, but it would be a mistake to overemphasize the faults. The rooms are perfectly comfortable (and mine was a good size for London)and the public areas are all very fine. In fact, the pool/gym/spa area is newly renovated and superb. The size and atmosphere of the pool area is particularly impressive. Remember your swimsuit.Much has been made of the location, and truly if it's the West End you're interested in then it's all on your doorstep. At the same time, be prepared to be amongst the tourists. You're at the center of it all there.Service was friendly enough and did the job. They loaned me an umbrella on a rainy Sunday, so count me grateful and satisfied.Overall, it comes down to value. If you're looking for a sub-200 GBP place, a good standard hotel, and that sort of location, you could do a lot worse. Though I think with a little effort, you could also do a little better.	
Jan 22 2006	best hotel in london	Extraordinay!I have made 27 trips to loondon in the past 18 years. Le Meridien, PIccadilly is probably the finest hotel at which I have ever stayed in the world. The only warning is that the food is extremely overpriced however, the staff is extremely courteous and friendly. The location cant' be beat. I am almost a little reluctant to give this out because it is not a hotel for &quot;American Tourists&quot; it is a classic. Even though our trip last month was with three children (ages 17, 12 and 11) I can think of no finer hotel in central london.I have stayed at the Miyako, the Hyatt on Union Square, and the St. Francis in San Francisco; the Century Plaza in Los Angeles; the Palmer House in Chicago; the Breakers in Palm Beach; Fontainebleu in MIami; the Waldorf Asoria; Georges le Cing in Paris, and many, many others. This is by far the finest hotel for comfort, accesibility, congeniality and the feeling of being &quot;home&quot; in a five star hotel. I am almost a little reluctant to give this review because I don't want a lot of ugly tourists cluttering the place up. I don't want to sound like a snob but the genteel atmosphere and refined, professional mannerisms of the staff probably aren't for everybody. That's fine. If you don't like a full service, profesional staff and accomodations then you probably shouldn't go here in the first place. I am booking another trip for July with my wife and three kids.Thanks Le Meridien. You have never let me downCharles Kramer	
Jan 18 2006	8 out of 10 stars	My mother and I spent four nights at Le Meridien in Piccadilly in mid-August. The hotel is one block away from the main center of Picadilly. This was our first visit to London, and it felt like we were staying in Times Square in New York. For those who prefer somewhat of a quieter stay, I would suggest staying somewhere in Kensington away from Picadilly. However, if you want to be &quot;in the mix&quot;, this hotel is perfect. The first room they gave us was great... until we took our shoes off and found that the rug was soaking wet. However, they quickly apologized and changed our rooms, although our bags went missing for awhile. After this brief debacle, our stay was quite nice. It is noisy in front of the hotel, so I would suggest trying to reserve a room towards the back.The room had a nice selection of tea and cookies to come home to, which was a nice touch after a rainy day. Also, we loved the fact that slippers were laid out for us each evening, and the housekeeping staff left a note on our beds each evening denoting the temperature and weather conditions for the next day. We walked virtually everywhere from our hotel - including Buckingham Palace, restaurants and The Producers. All in all, this was a nice hotel. I'm not jumping up and down about it, but I wouldn't be upset if we stayed there again.	
Dec 30 2005 	Disappointed	I had booked well in advance a newly refurbished non-smoking Executive Room but because I made a late check-in (which was pre-announced), I was given the worst room they had in the category. Since the hotel was fully booked they could only offer me a larger smoking room instead. If they call these rooms newly refurbished I can only give my condolences. The carpets are filthy, the walls and ceilings have visible cracks and the furniture is really run down. The health club is nice but they only have one therapist available who works in the afternoon, so forget a morning massage. I have stayed here several times prior to their renovation, and frankly I found the rooms much more comfortable in the past. In the health club they had several therapists so there were no problems to get an early morning treatment. I can not recommend this hotel and it is a pity because the location is great!	
Dec 28 2005	Used Priceline Upgraded and had a great stay!	I have just returned from staying at the Le Meridien Piccadilly for six nights including Christmas. Used Priceline and got a rate of what would equate to 100 GBP a night, and was initially placed in a &quot;classic&quot; room, which was code word for &quot;unrenovated and small.&quot; That's OK, though, 'cause I'm an old hand at checking into hotels and then asking nicely if there's anything else available. We were shown another room which we could have for an extra 30 quid a night, which was nicer than the first, but still not great. The lovely duty manager then said &quot;we have a room for you&quot; and showed us a fantastic corner room overlooking Regent Street and the great Christmas lights - it even had a (tiny) balcony. We paid an extra 40 GBP a night for the upgrade, but that's fine since we usually spend about 135 - 150 GBP a night in regular hotels in London anyway! The room (it was a &quot;44&quot; room) was apparently an &quot;executive&quot; room, and it was HUGE! Walk in closet, nice bathroom (although they could use more storage space for toiletries), expensive minibar, nice widescreen TV. BEST BED I'VE EVER HAD IN ANY EUROPEAN HOTEL - it was a chore to drag ourselves out of it every morning. We were in the London area to visit family over the holidays, and since we stayed in the hotel over Christmas the hotel gave us a complimentary Christmas cake and a beautiful gift from Molton Brown (six 100ml shower gels in a presentation box). On Boxing day we returned to our room to find a plate of satsumas and dates - such a nice gesture! We really appreciated their thoughtfulness.Staff were very attentive and very genial, everyone was very smiley and willing to help - except the gent who sits at the desk by the elevator lobby, he was always rather sour, and was very rude to a woman he was dealing with as we passed him. His attitude was haughty and management really should reconsider his employment. Hello, you're in the HOSPITALITY industry, try being hospitible you miserable ---!Housekeeping staff were great, and we appreciated their turndown service and the interesting ways in which they arranged our &quot;traveling friends&quot; on the bed (tedddy bear and stuffed dog)! Hotel restaurant, the Terrace, was excellent - the food was of fantastic quality but definitely pricey, ambiance was nice, servers were unobtrusive and efficient. Burlington Bar OK.We will DEFINITELY be staying at Le Meridien Piccadilly again, especially if we can get such a fab deal on Priceline. Tubes: next to Piccadilly and not far from Green Park. Lots of good restaurants / coffee places in close proximity. Good shopping. VERY touristy area, so it can get very crowded, but if you're a tourist this is a great place to stay. Wholeheartedly recommended.	
Dec 25 2005	Nice rooms great health club unbeatable location !	I stayed 3 nights at Le Meridien Piccadilly just before Christmas with family. We booked 2 Classic rooms for 99GBP per night exc. Taxes (Winter Warmers special offer). And I have to say that I was a little bit worried because of the reviews I read on Trip Advisor.I have no reason to worry, indeed we really enjoyed our stay. I give you here my feelings about this hotel.- The first impression just after the doorman welcomed you was very good : the lobby is nice with an impressive Christmas tree in the middle.The check-in was a little bit long, but the desk clerk offered us a free upgrade to Executive rooms because there were no connecting rooms as we requested in the booking form. Nice surprise !- These rooms were nice : of course, they were not very large, “only” 25 square meters, but it’s quite normal for London. If you want to have a better idea of these rooms, you can look at the website the picture on the Meridien website, this is very representative. The rooms were quiet at night but we didn’t have a view on the street. The king beds were perfect, extremely comfortable. Not 5-star, but much better than many Hilton, Sheraton…The only problem we had was the A/C in one of the two rooms. It was impossible to lower the temperature so the room was too hot.- The service was very good : for example, there are two housekeeping services : one in the morning to prepare and clean the room for the day, and one in the evening to prepare the bed for the night and to give little chocolates and a weather forecast for the next day. The concierge was helpful.- The health club in the basement was also very appreciable and is really an asset: a very large pool (15x15 meters) which is supposed to be one of the largest in central London, a Jacuzzi and a steam bath. Each time we used it (in the evening), the pool was empty. It’s really cool, when you go back in the hotel after a long day to enjoy this large pool, just 50 meters of Piccadilly Circus !- Finally, the location is unbeatable : next to Piccadilly Circus and Regent Street, you can go by foot to many interesting points in London (National Gallery, Oxford Street, Leicester Square, London Eye, British Museum, New Bond Street, Harrod’s…) An excellent value !	
Dec 20 2005	Enjoyable stay	I enjoyed my stay at the Meridien, the room was very nice although a bit small, but then when you visit a city you're hardly ever in the room anyway. The only negative thing was the price of drinks in the Burlington bar. £12.80 for a drink was much too expensive, in fact there was a couple arguing with the barman about the prices, they eventually paid but headed off to see the hotel manager.	
Nov 29 2005	Perfect Hotel for the money	Fiancee and I stayed here over the Thanksgiving holiday. Paid $900 for 4 nights including tax. Requested an upgrade to a king size bed that put us in a nicer room than I feel we would have gotten normally.This is not a 5-star hotel, but I don't think you could do any better for around $225/night in this location. Right next to Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Sqare, Trafalger - we even walked to the Thames several times and Harrod's at Knightsbridge - though we tubed back due to the cold and wind.Room showed no signs of decay although the shower was never really that hot. Bed was extremely comfortable. An iron was delivered promptly when requested though it was a bit old. Expensive in room internet and business center downstairs. The gym in the basement was exceptional - a great plus while traveling to be able to use a steamroom and workout facilities.Had one incident where the housekeeper just walked into the room without knocking - that was the only poor housekeeping experience we had.An excellent value, service, and location for a London hotel.	
Nov 28 2005	Our experience was fine	We had two rooms for our four-night stay this past week. Our son and daughter had an executive queen, and although the room was called queen, they actually had two twin beds rather than two queen beds. My husband and I had an executive king room.Both rooms were large and comfortable. Although the floor we were on was posted as non-smoking there was a strong odor of smoke nearby. One of the maids said some guests bring their own ashtrays and smoke anyway.My husband used the health club every morning and liked it very much. The doorman and all of the other men in the hotel staff were courteous, very helpful, always cheerful with a friendly hello. The women on the staff (check-in desk), on the other hand, were unhelpful, distant, and abrupt. They should take lessons on hospitality from the men on staff.The nightly turndown service was wonderful. The bathrooms were large. Showers had excellent water pressure, and there was an abundance of fresh towels.The lobby was decorated beautifully for Christmas. And the best feature of the hotel was the LOCATION!	
Nov 23 2005	Guess we got lucky	We got a deal at Le Meridien through Priceline and after reading reviews on this site, I was pretty nervous about what we'd get. But I guess we got lucky because the experience was terrific.We arrived late from a long trip from Croatia and were upgraded to a deluxe room on the top floor. It was perfect - big, clean and charming. We were facing south and could see Big Ben and the ferris wheel on the Thames. Our room looked like it was recently remodeled, but it still retained old-fashioned charm. Big bathroom, huge tub, all very clean and well-kept. One annoying thing was that the elevator only goes to the floor below ours, so we had to walk a flight of stairs each time back and forth.We were too busy seeing London to even spend much time in the hotel, so I can't comment on the bars, restaurant, or supposedly amazing health club, but each time we returned to the hotel, we were welcomed by the doorman and front desk and it felt like we were back in a great comfortable place.The biggest plus is the location because it's really amazing. Steps from Piccadilly Circus and the tube, and within walking distance of Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, Covent Garden, the Theatre District, even Hyde Park if you want to hike. It was great being able to run back in to the hotel in the middle of the day to drop off shopping bags or change.Guess we got lucky with the upgraded room, so I'd recommend to other travelers to try to get the top floor, or pay extra for a &quot;deluxe.&quot;	
Nov 21 2005 	Not that impressive!	I stayed at Le Meridien Piccadilly one night at the end of the business trip. From a location perspective this hotel has it all. Extremely well location in the heart of London's attractions.As a Gold member of Le Meridien I was upgraded to the &quot;best&quot; available room in the hotel. Whilst the room was very large by European standards it was well worn and not very clean.I was also given a smoking room versus a requested non smoking room.I paid GBP 129 which seemed very reasonable compared to other hotels in the area.	
Nov 13 2005	Disgusting	This hotel is definitely more of a motel. The facilities were disgusting (stained furniture, wallpaper, worn carpet, outdated bathroom, etc.) and the staff was terrible. I would NEVER stay here again, at any price.	
Nov 12 2005	Hotel is nice but..........	Just returned today after staying at Le Meridien from the 5th-12th of November. After reading the mixed reviews I was a little concerned but since it was already booked and paid for, I went with an open mind. First problem arose when I checked in. American Airlines Vacations booked me into a Junior Suite, which is what I had paid for, Le Meridien had me in a regular room and would not move me. When I showed the desk clerk the information from AA Vacations showing the description as a Junior suite with separate bedroom, 2 televisions..etc, I was informed that by the desk clerk that AA made the mistake, not them and to take it up with AA when I returned home. Prior to leaving for London I looked for a ticketing office address in London in case of problems while vacationing and the address listed by AA on their website for a ticket office, no longer existed, so I'll call AA Vacations on Monday and ask for a refund between the regular room I was given and the Junior Suite I paid for.The staff(not those at the front desk) were accomodating and very helpful with questions and directions. The Concierge and bell staff were very friendly as well as the Doorman. Room was worn out, couldn't get a newly renovated one as there were no non-smoking ones available. The chairs and carpeting were really worn, to the point of fabric missing. The mini bar didn't work so I had to have room service deliver ice daily. The room service staff told me that the refrigerators were leaking in some rooms and they were turned off. My room faced Regent Street and having read prior reviews I was aware of the noise issue, and it was noisy especially late at night and into the wee hours of the morning. It wasn't people noise, it was bus and car noise. After a few days, you just adjusted to it. The room was very hot, even with the heat turned off. I was lucky that one window could be opened and the room cooled off within 20-25 minutes.My room rate included the English breakfast, ate there once and that was enough. I can't believe they actually charge people £22 a person for that breakfast, it was horrible. The eggs and the bacon were not cooked at all, the waffles and pancakes had a grainy texture. The best thing about this hotel is it's location. You are within walking distance to everything and the Hop On/Hop Off bus pick up is in Piccadilly Circus. The theatres are all within a 5 minute walk as is Leicester Square. There are numerous eateries and pubs within a few minute walk. It was wonderful in that respect. There is a Tesco Market about 1/2 block away on Lower Regent Street. Starbucks is a few doors down as well as a Cafe Nero and a Garfunkels Diner across the street.Would I stay at Le Meridien again? No, I can honestly say that the price they are charging is just too expensive for what you are getting. It's great location wise, but that's about it.	
Oct 18 2005	Not worth the money	Rude staff. I was downgraded upon arrival without being advised, no apology. Personal correspondence to the former guest was delivered to the room whilst I was in it. Then, after a struggle, I was given a 'suite' which meant my friend had to sleep on a very uncomfortable sofa-bed. If you book a suite you'll be sorely disappointed judging by the one we were given. The laundry was delivered 2 hours later than advised which meant we didn't have time for dinner before the play. The in-room entertainment didn't work and we were advised the engineer had gone home! Again, on departure very rude staff. For a twenty-four stay in London about 4 hours were spent in the hotel sorting out the poor service. I stayed in the Sanderson two weeks later - an example of what a 5 star London should be.	
Oct 4 2005 	Our 6 day stay was delightful	Our check in was effortless, we got a beautiful room with a queen size bed and larger than average bath. There was plenty of walk around room, two plush chairs and a good sized desk. Windows overlooked Piccadilly Street on the fourth floor. We had not ordered a basic room and they didn’t give us one. The furnishings were a little past their prime but clean.Room service was prompt, the food expensive but delicious. I toured the spa downstairs but didn’t get back to use it. It was 5 star, including the pool. Breakfast was included in our plan but I only used it once. The quality and presentation of the breakfast buffet was top notch, the service was well intentioned but inept. Plenty of room for improvement but it felt like they were working on improving while I was there. The desk and concierge staffs were knowledgeable and interested in answering our questions. The room service and room cleaning staffs were on their game. We asked for late room make up each day without suffering a diminishment in the level of service. You cannot beat the location or the “grand old style” of this hotel. Less than half of the place is refurbished but the old look would qualify as “Shabby Chic”, if you were visiting a friend’s house.I thought some of the previous reviews from Priceline users were insightful, don’t expect the best room when you booked at the lowest price. In many hotels there isn’t much range between the best and the worst. Here there is and it sounds like you get what you pay for.	
Sep 21 2005	Great Location	My stay was Sept 14-20, 2005 at Le Meridien Piccadilly. I booked on Priceline with a rate of $198 per day, including all taxes and Priceline fees. We arrived at 11am, but were not able to check in until 2pm (expected, so no problem). The room had twin-beds, and faced a building that was very close (no view - but who cares). The room was a bit warm, and the AC was ineffective. Opening the window as an option, but the noise made it impractical for sleeping. The location is the best feature of this hotel - close to the Royal Academy, Leicester Square (theaters) and Covent Garden (food). One block from the Picidilly Line tube stop.The only downside is to expect a 5 star hotel (as advertised on Priceline). I would give this hotel a 3 to 4 star rating at best (hotel quality) - except for the location, which is 5 star.	
Sep 19 2005 	Le Meridien Piccadilly - very good experience	I am just winding up a 5 day stay (Sept 14-19, 2005) at Le Meridien Piccadilly. I booked on Hotwire getting a very favourable rate of $181 per day for a 4.5 star hotel, including all taxes and Hotwire Fees. The lowest rate on the hotel website for this period was GBP276.I had room 505. Check-in was fast and friendly. No upgrades were available as the hotel was fully booked for Fashion Week. The room was ready at the advertised time (2 p.m.). It was comfortably large for a solo traveller - twin-bedded and very quiet even though it was at the front of the hotel overlooking Piccadilly. Lots of light. Comfortable sitting area (tho chairs and carpet had a couple of spots), large TV, good bathroom with a couple of cosy robes. super bedlinen and a comfortable mattress. All my advance requests had been honoured including non-feather bedding, non-smoking, and reservations at a couple of top restaurants. The toiletries supplied were adequate. Housekeeping was good and the turndown service quite elegant. The Times was left on my door every weekday. Room service was prompt. Concierge, reception, bellmen and doormen were helpful, even solicitous. I liked the Burlington Bar although it was smoky. Didn't try the restaurant.The location was super - steps away from the royal Academy, Green Park, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Theatre Land. Easy walks to Trafalgar Square, South Bank, British Museum. There's a Starbucks half a block away as you exit the hotel towards Piccadilly Circus, and a good cheap internet service in the bottom of the Burger King on Piccadilly.Very happy with everything, really	
Sep 13 2005	Tourist Central	Reception lied to us about our room.Also did not seem to care that our bed was broken when we told them at checkout.At check in we were told they upgraded us. Check out receptionist told us thats the room we booked. Miscommunication somewhere.Would not stay here again.	
Sep 11 2005	A Wonderful Stay!!!	I recently stayed 3 nights at Le Meridien Picadilly. I prepaid through hotels.com.Upon arrival, the front desk clerk spent a great deal of time finding us the best room available. She was very gracious and was truly concorned that our room would be to our liking.Our room was a lovely large room on the 4th floor. It had a wondefully comfortable king size bed with high quality Irish linen sheets. There was a seating area with two overstuffed chairs and a table. The room was lit with beautiful sconces and an overhead chandelier. Okay, so the carpet was a bit worn here and there and the stuffed chairs were a tad frayed. This did not detract in anyway from the charm and comfort of the room. The maid service was fabulous and kept the room impecabbly clean. The towels in the bathroom was thick, large and plush. The toiletries were average Le Meredian house brand and not exceptional, but what do you expect?We had the buffet breakfast and yes it's expensive - ALL of London is expensive so get over it. The buffet was beautifully presented and well stocked with every type of breakfast food imaginable. The service was excellent and fresh coffee was brought to us each time we depleted our cups. It was a lovely stay!!!!	
Sep 6 2005	Mixed feelings...	RECEPTION LIARS:We arrive to check-in the hotel at 1pm, and reception tells us that the two (quoted:) CONNECTING rooms are not ready, and suggests that we return in an hour. We head out for lunch, and return around 2pm, and reception still tells us that the rooms are not ready, and asks us to wait a little more. 30 minutes later, we get out and do a little shopping in order to kill some time. We return once again at 4:30pm, and reception tells us that only ONE room is ready. He promises that he will personally come up to our room and hand us the key to the second room. So we check-into the first room, only to find out that there is no connecting door to the second room. I look at the floor plan of the hotel on the door of the guestroom, and learn that there are actually NO connecting rooms on the floor. We wait another hour and half, and by 6pm I go down and ask about the no-connecting-door problem. Reception tells us that connecting rooms are only available in suite format (which we did not make reservations for), and that we would have to pay more for that. I dismiss the issue, and just ask for my second key, which FINALLY is ready...CHECK-IN TOOK 5+ HOURS !Other cons:- room layout is strange, where part of the room is raised on a platform, this makes the room feel smaller than it really is, making movement in the room a little awkward.- ceiling tiles in the bathroom jump when you open the bathroom door- wallpaper beginning to peel- expensive internet charges: (a) 20 pounds/day in the guestrooms, (b) 3 pounds/15 minutes in the business centerOther than that, the hotel is conveniently located in Picadilly Circus, making it close to Chinatown (cheap eats for the high costs of living in the UK), the shopping malls in Oxford Circus, Theatre District for operas and musicals, the National Gallery, and Trafalgar Square. Buffet breakfast was very nice at the Terrace every morning, which served a full selection of foods. In spite of the long check-in process, the staff were very polite...	
Aug 31 2005	An excellent stay	An excellent location in the heart of London makes this hotel an extremely convenient choice for getting about. The room was pretty good, a lot larger than I expected for the price and split over two levels. The view over Regent Street made us feel right in the thick of things, but there was no noise to worry about. The staff were all friendly and helpful and extremely polite. The pool, steam room and jaccuzi were fantastic. All for £155 + vat per night. A great deal. We would definitely choose Le Meridien Piccadilly again.	
Aug 22 2005 	Renovation needed urgently but great location	I stayed on a buisness trip in the Meridien Picadilly for two nights and the whole experience was ok. Negatives were the huge humidity spot on my ceiling not really approprate for a 5 stars hotel. I was shocked to see that noone bothered to put some paint on it. The bathroom was spacious but no hairdryer! Shampoos, creams etc are ok but not enough. Front desk was good and friendly. I travelled by myself so the security in the front door (locking the door after evenings hours and allowing entrance from a side door) was a positive surprise. The guard was very friendly. The newspaper arrived only the first of the two days I was there, I don't know why... Possibility to make some hot chocolate in the room and mini fridge content were also good elements. I wouldn't rate the hotel really with 5 stars though. The location is fantastic. More central it can't be. Breakfast buffet was rich (typical English breakfast and healthy choices), staff really friendly and doing their best. Another negative point was the fact that the swimming pool was closed when I was there and when I wanted to visit the cigar room it was also closed and I was not given a sufficient explanation. All in all however I would stay there again for a short business trip, because of the location.	
Aug 19 2005	Thought it would be nicer...	Upon arrival, the staff, as everyone does, asks for a credit card number to hold in case of any &quot;charges that may occur&quot;. We had no problem with this, as we know that every hotel does this...they hold your credit card and charge that card if anything occurs. NO. They charged our card at check in. They charged our card 500 dollars. Seeing that it was myself and my best friend, we had a set amount of money for our spending in London. When finding out that they charged the card, we spent hours on the phone, calling back to the US (which we were paying for). I calmly spoke to the front desk (as I am not one to scream at anyone for an error), and they denied charging the card. Finally, we had something faxed over stating that the card was charged by the hotel. It took us 15 days before we got that money back in our bank account (when we were already back in the states). The staff was very rude and unwelcoming. The location was amazing, however, I would have much rather stayed at a hotel that had an &quot;OK&quot; location, but with better service, and nicer rooms. Our room was small. Two single beds, a dresser with a tv, and a bathroom. The window faced a brick wall. Did I mention they were doing renovations in the hotel that week, and it was REALLY LOUD? Maids kept this &quot;just clean enough&quot;.When I go back to London, I never stay at Le Meridien, and I never will again. The Le Meridien Piccadilly gives the Le Meridien chain a bad name.	
Aug 17 2005	Three night weekend stay.	Everything fine with the reservation. Checked-in at 10:30 on Saturday not expecting for room to be ready, which was the case. The female receptionist was very functionary and did not look up from her computer monitor once until check-in complete. She also did not use my surname.Returned at 16:00 and was given key to room. On arrival at large room (think we may have been upgraded) our luggage was not waiting for us (why were they not proactive and have it there upon entry?). Called Concierge to ask for it and after a while it arrived. Porter was pleasant but was adamant not going to tip for no proactivity and delay. The public areas are lovely and in excellent condition. The sixth floor corridor and our room 623 was in dire need of refurbishment. Our bathroom was perhaps 4 square metres in size and two people could not use it simultaneously, it also was very dated. Having written that, all the bits and pieces functioned correctly.On day of check-out a male employee entered our room at 10:30 without knocking, my girlfriend was lying naked on the bed! One would think establishing if someone is still in the room before entering would be common sense.Breakfast service was slow and confused despite restaurant not being full. Some of the waiting staff have an insufficient command of English.I think the hotel markets itself as a five star, but the bedroom product and service delivery are in my opinion not five star. I question whether the hotel offers value for money.Good location though, some thirty metres from Piccadilly Circus.	
Jul 20 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading reviews - especially from Priceline customers (which we were) - I wasn't sure that we would be happy. I have to say, from check-in to check-out we were treated very well, and although I have to assume we had an older un-refurbished room we were happy and comfortable. The room and it's furnishings were a bit dowdy &amp; worn, and nothing like those on the hotel's web site or brochure but as a Priceline bidder, that's what I expected. I also wasn't surprised that we were given twin beds as I had made 2 requests in advance - non-smoking and a double bed - prioritizing the non-smoking which we were granted. It would have been nice to have both, but again, for the rate we got, it was fine.I also have to compliment the staff. We were departing on the 7th - we were in the lobby checking out just when the news came across that the explosions in the tube were not due to an electrical fault but bombs. The staff was calm and put the guests first (which was above &amp; beyond as far as I'm concerned - being originally from NYC I would have totally understood if they had all been distracted trying to confirm that their family &amp; friends were safe). They found us a taxi and we had no issues leaving London, although it was with great sadness for the City and it's people who, like all civilized people, should never have to worry about suicide bombers let alone actually experience one.	
Jul 15 2005	Good Location	Although the location was wonderful, the hotel room was very small, the bath as small, and we had to come to the conclusion that we were paying such a high price because of the location. We were able to walk easily to our destinations, some to the transportation to get to those destinations. Shopping was close. The hotel was very accomodating with our 9:30am arrival from the US and had our room immediately available. The concierge left a lot to be desired as we could barely understand his heavily accented English and eventually gave up asking for his advice. Internet access was an extra charge and you needed to purchase prepaid cards to use the lobby computers for 15min increments.	
Jul 11 2005 	Tale of two cities	This hotel depends on if you get an upgraded room. Mine was small with water stains on the ceiling. Interior room was quiet, but no view. The hotel staff was friendly and the location great, but I couldn't wait to move to a different hotel.	
Jun 14 2005	The Piccadilly is first class	The Piccadilly was first on my list for location, but after a great arrival and room it started to be an experiance.Great StaffGreat foodLeisure Club was fantasticIf you want the 5* treatment try the Le Meridien Piccadilly.	
Jun 12 2005	Great location/good hotel	Booked directly through the Le Meridien web site. I was nervous about this hotel with the amount of negative reviews but wanted to stay in the Piccadilly area. Also looked at the Ritz but decided to try the Le meridien.With a wife and 2 children in tow the choices are very limited. Booked a oversized 2 queen bed room for $390 GPB. We arrived about 11:00 AM and were told our room wouldn't be ready until after 2:00 PM. Had lunch and went back about 1:30 PM. Staff immeadiately came from behind the desk into the lobby and told us they had upgraded us to a king suite for no extra charge. Room was very nice and clean. Everything was in working order. Staff was always polite and helpful. Can't attest to bar or restaurant as we never used them. Lost power in half the room one morning (fuse?) it was fixed by the time we returned. Can't beat the location. Walking distance to the Abbey, Parliment. Big Ben, War cabinet rooms, Trafalgar square, Threatre district, underground, ect.	
Jun 12 2005 	Great Staff Great stay	I found a great deal on Priceline and said what the hey. I usually go to Trip Advisor to get reviews but didn't this time. I travel to London at least twice a year so I've experienced lots of various hotels and this was a great experience. When I first arrived they gave me a King on a smoking floor, I asked to be changed to a non smoking room and the did so right away. June is the beginning of the busy season so that was good. They even upgraded me. The room was spacious for London standards and the bathroom was nice with extra amenities. I'm not being generous here because I'm used to 5 star hotels. The room service was great in bringing up wine buckets and table settings. The brand new health center with indoor pool was just a few weeks old so that was great to start the day. Location was great. I usually have to buy a week long tube pass but only needed the tube one day because everything was so close. Futnum is across the street, England’s oldest and most famous cheese shop in right behind that and the city's best wine shop is on the way to Regents park which is 1/2 mile from the hotel. What a great day in the park. I loved the hotel and would go back as soon as I can. Not sure what all the bad reviews are about which scares me since I thought Trip Advisor would be a help in planning vacations but it's really it makes it more confusing.	
May 12 2005	Faulty Towers - Worst Hotel	Horror story. Faulty Towers. Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at. We finished off a wonderful trip around Ireland staying in cheap B&amp;Bs, and they were wonderful. We thought we would top off the trip by spoiling ourselves at the Le Meridien, paying 300 GBP per night.We first arrived at the hotel and a drama was taking place in the lobby, a woman was upset as the Hotel staff were trying to find a master key to unlock her door (the master key wasn't working) there was an 18 month old child locked in the room (this went on for 45 mins). The manager didn't not seem concerned, he called the woman neurotic???We arrived around 1pm and our room wasn't ready, they said they would take our bags up to the room when it was ready. We arrive back at the hotel 5 hours later, and they were unable to locate our bags, this went on for an hour. My husband was angry, as the staff gave up looking and said they couldn't help us. We demanded to speak to the manager and we were confronted with the same indifference. We ended up searching for our bags, eventually they were found, stuck in a broom closet in the lobby.Our friends were also staying at Le Meridien, they didn't provide a bed for their two children (they confused the bookings) so they slept on pillows on the floor. They were not compensated or given a lower rate for the inconvenience.	
May 11 2005 	Kinda shabby but conveniently located	I stayed for business for a week and the Picadilly Le Meridian is conveniently located in Picadilly which is great for access to restaurants and the theatre. The rooms were a bit shabby and need renovation. The bathroom was ok, the best feature was the towel warmer. Definitely bring your own shampoo/conditioner - the ones that they provide are terrible. The service level is pretty bad at the front-desk. Be patient because you will be there a while. The concierge provided incorrect information to restaurants that were closed or pretty bad. There is no special club/business access and the internet stalls provided were always out order. If convenience is your most important feature then stay here it is close to the tube station and centrally located for restaurants, shopping, theatre and other points of interest.	
May 8 2005	good location avg hotel	We stayed at this hotel 4/18-4/24. The location is good. Starbucks next door, tube a few feet down the street. The room was clean but very small. The entire hotel needs to be refurbished. Not bad but not great.	
May 3 2005	The Merridien DOES NOT disappoint. Great Hotel	First, we did not use Priceline to book this hotel and I've noticed that most complaints are from Priceline customers. We did, however, pay in advance through Travelocity to get a better rate and upon check in, we even got upgraded for free (which was a really nice suprise!). The room, located on the top floor, was great. It was much larger than I expected; very clean and very elegant. We couldn't be happier. Here's a general pro/con list of our hotel stay:PROS*EXCELLENT location. Right next to the Picadilly line which is the only direct Underground line to and from Heathrow airport. Minutes from all the theatres and shopping.*Great service. Staff was extremely polite and helpful*Great room. Very comfortable. Hotel is overall very lovely. Not at all a convention type hotel. Just very quaint and personal. Robes, slippers, high quality bath products... all the amenities you could ask for.CONS*Food is expensive (Turkey club cost USD $28) and toll free calls are USD $4 per call. They also charge for use of the business center in the lobby.*The top floor (9th floor) is only accessible by stairs from the 8th floor. I thought it was good exercise after all those beers at the pubs, so I didn't mind, but if you have problems walking up stairs, stay on the 8th floor.*Took a long time for the water in the shower to turn hot. I assume it's because it's on the top floor and the plumbing is old but this never bothered us very muchI think, if you spend the money, you will not be disappointed. If you're trying to get a good deal from a discount site and are buying unsold inventory, well, what do you expect? I would recommend this hotel and would stay here again without question.	
May 2 2005	awful - bad room aircon not working and very poor food	We arrived during an unusually hot day and the room we were first shown to was 1. small, 2. no aircon and 3. directly above a very noisy road.We had investigated the hotel and agreed a room type before we arrived. However, the room we were shown to was not the standard agreed. They did try to change it but could only offer another room with a mal-functiouning and very noisy broken air-con.......Food was terrible. Afternoon tea was the worst ever in a UK hotel. Breakfast was even worse. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was full of hungry customers walking around the empty buffet trying to find something to eat. They had &quot;run out&quot; of most breakfast staples and we could not even order them from the waiter.Would not stay here again or even eat in passing!	
Apr 24 2005	All they want is your money!	I can't believe how expensive this hotel was. The services are mediocre at best as are the rooms and I opted for an upgrade to a small suite. No breakfast included and if you wanted just Continental Breakfast that will still set you back more than 30 dollars. Place around the corner called Piggys has great food at very reasonable prices (open only for Breakfast and Lunch). Although the location is terrific I felt like they were just trying to take every single dollar I had with no thought to our needs. Asked about a DVD and was told the concierge would rent me one for 50 pounds - you can buy one for less than that. Probably won't stay there again. Worst of the Le Meridien's I have ever spent any time in.	
Apr 15 2005	Great stay	We booked our room through American Express and stayed 7th &amp; 8th April After reading some recent reviews I felt very dubious about the hotel, but we were highly pleased. The check-in staff were delightful and we were allocated a lovely refurbished room on a high floor at the front of the hotel. No complaints whatsoever. All staff that we dealt with were charming and helpful, the bar on Friday night was quite buzzy and fun. We look forward to staying there again. And the the location is terrific.	
Apr 8 2005	Lovely location	We booked a room at the Meridien through Expedia, and got an extremely reasonable rate. When we arrived we were upgraded to a very large suite with two baths in the older part of the hotel (which I find personally more attractive because I like the old-fashioned British style). I think it helped that we spoke French, and the Bell was very nice also in helping us secure this wonderful room (he called the front desk after we found our first room to be very small). Even trying just a few words in French would be a plus when you arrive, I believe. The location is perfect. We generally prefer smaller, intimate hotels, but everyone was extremely professional. The breakfast was nice, the bar a little depressing. Overall a very positive experience.	
Mar 13 2005	Think '3-star' and you'll be happy	FOR A 5-STAR, this hotel just didn't cut it. We were here for 4 nights at a great priceline rate and were excited to get such a deal. When we got there, we were ecstatic about the location (really prime) but sad that we were not so fortunate in our actual hotel. Exterior under construction, check-in rude and lengthy, room smoky, tasteless decor, walls paper-thin so we could hear the noise from the street (very loud)!If you think '3-star'--a step above Travelodge in the US--you will be happy with this hotel. (And I have to say I spent one night in October 2004 at the Holiday Inn Ariel Heathrow that is ranked a 3-star hotel, and the quality of the hotel FAR exceeded the Le Meridien Piccadilly. THAT was a great priceline deal!)	
Mar 8 2005	Great Location	After having booked another hotel, I tried priceline (you get a better rate there) and was given the Le Meridian Piccidilly as our hotel. After a horrendous flight (that's another story). We arrived at the hotel, check in was quick, and we were given room 531. However, the A/C in room 531 was malfunctioning (I'm asthmatic - so that's a problem). We called the front desk, and they were plesant, helpful, and switched our room to 644, where we spent the rest of our trip. 644 - is on a smoking floor, but in a wing with 3 other rooms, so I ended up keeping the window open for most of our time there, which wasn't a problem for me (it wasn't as bad as it could of been). Our room was well kept, spacious, and a great place to relax at the end of the day. The front desk was great; they were able to handle almost all of our requests. The only one they couldn't - was for a voltage adaptor - they say there are american outlets - but there aren't, so bring one with you, and I think that's why we had such a good trip, we stayed on top of the hotel, and if there was something wrong - we told them, and they fixed it for us. There's only 2 things that I'd stay away from at this hotel - the room service (It was great, nothing special) and the phones - outrageously priced. Would I stay there again - yes.	
Mar 5 2005	An embarassment to the Le Meridien group	I stayed at this hotel on the last night of a four week holiday during which I had stayed in a range of accommodation from 5 star hotels to £15 hostels. This hotel had the lowest standards I had encountered.On arrival I was initially put off by the fact that only one lift was working and I had to wait in a rather long, slow moving queue just to get to my floor. On entering my room I noticed that it smelled awful and the bedspread looked so old and tattered that I was surprised it hadn't disintegrated; but as I was in a hurry to shower and change for a night out, I ignored it. On entering the bathroom I found the bath was dirty - really dirty - clearly someone had tipped into it a bucket of dirty water, maybe after mopping, and allowed it to dry in great grey gritty splodges all over the bath. Still in a hurry I cleaned the bath myself, happilly using one their lovely white towels for the job, before showering.When I came back to my room to sleep I noted the lovely turndown service. Imagine my surprise when on climbing into bed my foot got stuck on something, on inspection I saw that it was caught in a hole in the top sheet. On even closer inspection I saw that my feet had about 20 different holes in both sheets to choose from. I wonder if the instruction to the turn down staff is &quot;don't turn down too far&quot;!! So I remade the bed and slept on top of the ancient tatty bedspread using a couple of lovely blankets I'd bought on my travels to Ireland to keep warm.Le Meridien Piccadilly:- Bring you own everything - air freshener, bathroom cleaner and bedding. Not even a one star establishment.	
Mar 3 2005 	Location location location	We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and can say we were totally satisfied with the room and location. We booked the hotel for 200 USD on Priceline. When we arrived we were offered the same upgrade deal as mentioned in other reviews ...we turned it down, but said we were willing to wait for a non smoking, King. Within an hour they had a room for us. At the price we paid, it would be hard to do better! We had a King Size bed, marble bath, table and chairs, desk, fax machine, internet access and plenty of windows! Every night, they set out terrycloth robes, slippers and chocolate along with a printed weather forcast for the next day. In the morning, they left the daily newspaper and replenished our tray of Coffee, tea, hot chocolate and shortbread biscuits. My 2 complaints were ... #1.food prices at the hotel were beyond belief, don't eat there. We found a small deli-like place around the corner and a Pret a Manger down the street both had resonable priced meals #2. they don't have satellite TV, so you're stuck with 13 choices. Overall, I would put it on par with a higher end Radisson or Sheraton, but the location bumps up the star rating ... and in London, location is important! We were just off Piccadilly Circus, close enough to benefit from the many restaurants but far enough away not to be bothered by noise. The tube station is virtually yards away. (Be wary of hotels that say tube stops are a short walk away ... a short walk to Londoners could be a 1/2 mile or more. Now that might not seem far to some of you, but after a full day of walking the last thing you need is another 1/2 mile!) Where location really counts is after 12midnight when the tube closes. If you're staying further out from the center of things, you'll have to take cabs after 12 and that can get expensive. The Le Meridien Piccadilly is within EASY walking distance of the theater district &amp; Covent Gardens (big restaurant &amp; club area.) We never took a cab.	
Mar 2 2005	Bad Start Excellent Finish	I was hugely disappointed with the hotel at first. I was given a twin smoking room with the worst decor of any hotel room I had visited in recent memory. Not only that, the room was Noisy - neighbors, cleaning staff, water pipes, and traffic. Not pleasant. I complained to the curt woman who had checked me in at Reception. Her response was, &quot;You paid for a standard room. And that is what you are getting.&quot; After two sleepless nights, I pleaded with management to be moved. The manager was kind and understanding, and a True Credit to his hotel; he put my needs first! Too bad half my stay had already passed but at least something positive was done.	
Feb 23 2005	Good location but only OK	Hotel is in a great location, but the hotel is only OK. Only had a twin room available but offered an upgrade for 55euros more. We declined as this would have put the final price at about 300 USD for the off season. This was a priceline stay so I wasn't expecting much. But the difference is staggering when we then moved to the Marriott Park Lane. Then you realise how poor the service/rooms are at the Meridien. If the Park Lane was a 5 star the Meridien is a 3.	
Feb 23 2005	Sacrificing room quality for location	Feb 05 - stayed at the hotel on business for my husband and leisure for me. From porter/doorman to check-in everything went smoothly until we got to our room in the &quot;attic.&quot; Tiny and dated. We requested a move and took a slightly larger room with twin beds and a window with obstructed view (might as well have been no window). They said this was the only other room available, but the hotel did not appear that busy. The ash trays indicated it was a smoking room, but it did not smell like a smoking room and I am very keen to that. However, we found out it was in a smoking area, as smoke from other rooms seeped into our room in the morning. This second room was dated, but acceptable. Terribly hard to control the temperature in the room.Other details were lacking. Concierge was polite but cool. Laundry service was late when requested at a specific time for a reason, and laundered sweater smelled absolutely awful when returned. Upon check-out, they reduced part of the laundry bill.Staff in the bar was quite rude to our colleagues and catering in the meeting room was disappointing.Much in agreement with other reviews, the location is certainly the advantage of this hotel. I was relieved we weren’t paying for our stay. You would definitely be paying for location if staying here.	
Feb 11 2005	Best of both worlds?	Ok, we got the room via priceline for about USD170, fully expecting them to put us in the oldest and smallest room! When we got there after a long flight, I asked them if there were a difference in rooms. The lady at the front desk kindly told me there were Edwardian rooms and there are modern rooms. (Translation: Old tatty rooms and newly renovated rooms). I readily paid the difference of 40 pounds per night for the newer room.   The Result? A well appointed room with a very comfy king bed, good linens. There was even a printer fax machine in the room. The room is sizable by European standard. (I am from Asia and get spoilt by the size and amneties in Asian 5 star Hotels). The bathroom is an odd shape but very acceptable. I haven't seen the older rooms but I can imagine the difference based on comments in this site.  So for around USD220, I get a good room and comfy king bed in the heart of the theatre district. The staff was very accomodating and pleasant. I haven't tried any of the restaurant what with all the choices around Covent Garden etc. Can't complain! 	
Feb 8 2005	Perfect Location for a Great Priced Hotel	PERFECT location! Like many, we booked via Priceline for a 5 star hotel and got the Le Meridien Piccadily. While probably not a 5 star by American standards like the Four Seasons, for European standards, this hotel was wonderful. We paid only $175 US per night, which is like staying in a 3 star London hotel not on Priceline. We had a beautiful king sized room with a lovely bath and a great view. The location is perfect for travels all around London. It is located one block from tube stop, Piccadilly Circus, and you can walk to most shows, Covent Garden Market and to Hyde Park. Also, the lobby is lovely and the staff is helpful.  I ditto the last review about getting to the hotel from Gatwick. The Gatwick Express train was perfect and inexpensive.  Would definitely return to Le Meridien. 	
Jan 18 2005	Wonderful London Wonderful Locale	Great location! We booked via Priceline for a 5 star hotel and got the Le Meridien. I have traveled extensively and have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this one is definitely a SOLID 4 star but for the price we paid (we bid $169 + tax USD) who can complain? We were even upgraded to an &quot;exclusive room.&quot; The location was perfect, no lies. We were within a block from one GREAT tube stop, Piccadilly Circus and we can walk to most shows and to Hyde Park. Also, the lobby was beautiful and the staff extremely accommodating BUT NO ENGLISH staff, all were from Eastern Europe!The only let downs are as follows: the room was not clean when we arrived (there was minor bathroom grossness that should not have been there). For continental breakfast, room service with tip was about $90.00 USD (CRAZY!). While I expect to pay more for room service, this was astronomical. Great tea and great rolls and croissants and we ordered 3 mornings, it was fun but expensive!Getting there from Gatwick (the cheapest and quickest way): take the Gatwick Express train from Gatwick airport (you can buy tickets just outside customs and they are about £12.50 each way I think) to Victoria Station (very crowded train and a 30 minute ride). The trains leave every 10-15 mins. When you get to Victoria Station, find your way downstairs to the taxi stand and get a black cab. The price is about £15 for the cab. You will pass Buckingham, Trafalgar Square and really awesome sights on the way. When you get to the hotel, they should be kind enough to have your room ready. I highly recommend this place and you will definitely enjoy yourself here!	
Dec 23 2004	Location Location Location	Prior to our trip, we were concerned after reading the conflicting reviews at this website. Having booked our trip through Priceline Vacation Packages and the extremely low price made us especially warry of our accomodations for six nights in London. We were pleasently surprised. Upon our arrival at the hotel at 10:30am the reception desk searched for a non-smoking room with two beds. Not only were we able to get to our room before normal check-in, but the room was very clean and tidy and acceptable size. Further, it did not face the street and thus avoided the noise. We found the staff at the reception desk, the doorman and the cleaning staff very professional and courteous. We stayed from 12/15 to 12/21. Finally, the location cannot be beat by any other hotel in London. It is central to the theaters, restaurants and Regent street shopping. There was aways a taxi when needed and it is a short walk to Picadilly Circle and the Underground.	
Dec 21 2004	Great Location	Stayed at the Le Meridien on SaturdayGot a great deal on the internet £152 incl breakfast.We arrived at 15.00 but the room was not ready yet, so we left our bags and went shopping. Great location just a quick walk from the tube.Got back at 17.00 and the room was ready. It was a new style room and the bed was really soft, massive telly and very strange bathroom.I think people have mentioned it was open plan, but still I found it very strange.Really quiet though, I think the hotel must have full but once you closed your door you did not hear anything.The bar prices are out of this world, 2 wines and a G &amp; T £20!!!!!!!!!!The breakfast was great, but I must admit I would not pay £22.50 for it. It is a really nice hotel but I have marked it average due to the silly prices for everything, just plain greedy in my opinion.	
Nov 30 2004	5 * Location 3 * Room	I can't say enough good things about the location of this hotel. It is less than a block off of Piccadilly Circus. Great for sightseeing and shopping in the surrounding areas. The lobby and staff are definitely what I would expect from a Le Meridien, but the room was dated and in need of a refresh. I did book via Priceline, so I was not surprised by the room. It was perfectly adequate in size, amenities and cleanliness. It just wasn't a 5 * room.	
Nov 24 2004	Right at the centre of London	We booked here for 3 nights via Priceline website and having some previous reviews on the place were slightly apprehensive regarding the quality of it. We need not have worried as we found the hotel and the staff excellent. Our room was large, clean and quiet with a kingsize bed. We got an early check in after a long flight from abroad and found the bed really comfortable. We have stayed in quite a few hotels in London and this was up there with the best of them. The location of this is absolutely superb also and makes all the theatres walkable aswell as many pubs, clubs and restaraunts. On returning home we were charged for items from the mini bar we had not used but on querying this the amount was removed again without question. More good service. I would add that the bar in the hotel and the restaraunts, be it for breakfast, lunch or dinner are expensive. When we were there the leisure facilities are still closed although you can use the facilities at a gym nearby.	
Nov 20 2004	Great hotel but Priceline customers Beware!	While the Piccadilly Meridien is a very nice hotel, with a fabulous central London location, room availability to Priceline customers is suspect. Upon check-in, we asked for a room with twin beds, and were told only a single King (smoking) was available. Later in the week (after my wife arrived under her own priceline reservation), we requested a single King, and were told only twin beds were available. In each instance, we we offered an 'upgrade' to get the room configuration we desired for 30 plus pounds a night. We were also told on several occasions that since we were &quot;priceline&quot; customers, we did not have any options (NOTE: priceline bookings do not offer room preferences - single/double, smoking, non-smoking , etc).The Meridien is also in the process of updating rooms, and it seems priceline customers are allocated rooms on the older floors. We ended up paying an upgrade fee for part of our stay. All of the rooms I saw were more than adequate.That being said, the hotel is in a perfect central location for both business and leisure stays. The Piccadilly Circus Tube station is 100 meters away, and Regents St and Oxford St are within easy walking distance (some of the best shopping in London).I would definately recommend a stay here, just be aware that if you book under Priceline, chances are you will have limited room selections, and plenty of opportunity to upgrade your room.-P. White	
Nov 15 2004	Good deal at Le Meridien Piccadily	We booked this hotel on priceline and loved it. The location is great for tourists, especially if you are comfortable taking the super convenient London tube. The beds were deliscious and we slept great. The staff were super nice and we even ran into Cheri Blair in the lobby! I would have been less happy if I paid more for the hotel but for $150 on priceline it was a fabulous deal.	
Nov 9 2004	great location - worth the priceline price	ok, I've read the other reviews and I went to the Piccadilly with an open mind. This was perhaps my 12th time in London, and my best friend loves the city and took us on a four day theater trip. What a great location for theater! The underground takes you right from Heathrow airport to Piccadilly Circus, and a one minute walk takes you to the hotel. Leicster square is a 3 minute walk and the entire west end is within walking distance. The hotel is listed as a 5 star hotel, but for certain reasons it truly is not. The lobby was smallish but attractive, and the staff were very friendly and helpful if you needed them to be. There was always someone there to open the doors for us. The problem was the room itself. We had quite a spacious room with a comfortable king size bed and nice soft pillows. But the decor of the room screamed stodgy 1950's England. They need new carpet, new wall paper, and all new furniture. Nice desk area, but the sitting area was just ugly. The bathroom served its purpose, but should be much larger - and the old fashioned drop ceiling was faded and peeling. A perfectly wonderful 4 star room and bathroom, but certainly not a five star experience. Also, it's taken almost a year and they still have not re-opened their pool and health club. I love to take a quick dip in a nice pool, but I'm not trudging outside for the 3 minute walk to the L A health club in November. That much being said, London is very expensive for Americans (as the exchange rate with the pound is awful) but if you use priceline- you can get a rate of 200 dollars or better at this hotel. This price, the good 4 star room and the amazing location makes the Meridien Piccadilly an excellent choice. J.Gitter Bloomfield, N.J.	
Nov 9 2004	Good experience and location	The hotel is nice and was perfect for our 3-night stay in Oct 04. We got a great deal on priceline so I was very happy with what we got for the price. I would have been disappointed if we had paid full price.Although a little small, the room was clean, and the staff helpful and courteous. The location on the Picadilly line was perfect. Close to the Picadilly station making getting around the city quick and easy! The only downside is that we had a hard time finding a place close by for our meals.	
Nov 8 2004	Definitely 5*	We went to Le Meridien Piccaddilly for one night. We were more than impressed by the whole experience. The 'room' was more of a mini-suite, beautifully furnished and tastefully decorated. We were on the 7th floor so had a great view over the city. After going out in the evening and returning to our 'suite' we found a bottle of champagne waiting for us, our bed turned down and chocolates on the pillowcases. A card giving details of the following days weather was also placed on the turned down bed. All towels had been renewed while we were out, having only been used the once before we went out. All of these things make it special. We had a very, very good weekend and would not hesitate to go again.	
Nov 5 2004	Not a good experience.	Great location. Staff is very unfriendly, actually rude. I've been there twice on business and have not found much to like about the service. Wrong food orders delivered for room service a few times in the week. Letting them know of the problem, the offered to take the food I never received off my bill! And, didn't.The rooms were very nice. The health club excellent. The bar is smoky, but comfortable.	
Oct 26 2004	Wonderful stay at Le Meridien Piccadilly - Oct.18-252004	We enjoyed our experience at the Le Meridien Piccadilly and will stay there again when we return to London. We had written ahead of time to tell management we were celebrating our 25th Anniversary and had selected their hotel during our stay in London. When we checked in, they upgraded us to a beautiful suite with a large bath on the 9th floor. We had champagne, a fruit bowl, and bottled water with a very nice note from the manager upon our arrival. Our suite had a king size bed, 2 TV sets, and it was very quiet (no street noise at all).The hotel personnel were very pleasant and nice. The hotel is so convenient to the theatres and the Underground Tube.	
Oct 20 2004	A Horrible Experience	What a dirty hotel with absolutely the most unprofessional staff I have ever encountered. The carpet had tears, bedspread stains, broken glass in the bathroom, broken light in the bathroom, broken toilet and I (disappointingly could go on).	
Oct 14 2004	Best hotel in London - for the price!	When we started planning our trip to Europe, I was appalled at the prices of hotels in London. A friend suggested that I try Priceline. It was my first experience doing this, but I was successful in getting a room at Le Meridien Piccadilly for 7 nights at $140 per night. I faxed them a request for a king bed rather than two twins, non-smoking room.We arrived after spending a couple of weeks in France, and was greeted by the nicest gal at the reception desk. She asked for my voucher from Priceline, informed us that we had been upgraded to a luxury room on the non-smoking floor (4th), and that they would comp us breakfast each morning. I was floored! I had mentioned in my fax that we were celebrating our 10th anniversary, but never dreamed that we'd be treated so royally.When the bell captain took us to our room, sure enough, it was luxurious. We had a large, very comfortable king bed with lots of pillows. The bathroom was complete with all the toiletries you'd expect, a towel warmer, large bath sheets. The room was spotless. I noticed that there was double-insulated glass on our windows and it blocked out any noise that would have come from the street below. I glanced over to see a welcoming bowl of fresh fruit, a large bottle of Evian with two glasses, and a note from the hotel manager, welcoming us to Le Meridien. We had such service and attention the entire week we were there. Each morning we'd go to the 2nd floor where the Terrace Restaurant hosts a breakfast buffet, overflowing with goodies. On the main table, there are 8 or 10 chafing dishes with scrambled eggs, made with real cream, bacon, sausages, mushrooms, black pudding, beans, hash browns. At either end of this table, you will find baskets of fresh croissants and pastries. On one side table, there was an assortment of cereals, fruit, and yogurts. On another side table, there was smoked salmon, cream cheese, bagels, cheeses, sliced meats. The waiters would greet us with a piping-hot cup of coffee and orange juice. Toast, both white and wheat, appeared just for the asking.The concierge made several reservations for us, and guided us through the bus and tube routes when we needed help. There is internet service available in their business center, and I purchased acard for 45 minutes of use for 7 pounds. Their bar is on a lower level from the lobby, quite a charming place for a glass of wine or ale. As you can tell, we loved this hotel. The location is superb. It's situated right in the middle of the West End, and we could walk to almost all the sights on our list! Don't be afraid to stay here...they will not disappoint you!	
Oct 13 2004	We liked it!	After reading reviews on this website, we were a little concerned about staying here. As recemmended, we reserved a room away from the street. Room #445 was excellent. It was comfortable, cozy, and very quiet! You really can't beat the location with its proximity to the tube, restaurants, nightlife, etc. We had no complaints.	
Oct 3 2004	Better than expected	Just spend 4 nights at the Le Meridian Piccadilly booked through Priceline - was apprehensive having read the previous reviews, but was very pleasantly surprised. Check in was swift, and luggage was quickly delivered to our nicely furnished and very clean room which had all the facilities you'd want. Bathroom was small, but what can you expect in central London. Tea Coffee on hand, fax machine in room, morning paper, chocolates on turndown etc.Had a couple of drinks in the Terrace. Would recommend it over the bar, as it's so unusual to be able to sit overlooking Piccadilly. Only complaints: Housekeeping a little inconsistent with towel replacement, language skills of serving staff, incorrect charge to minibar, but otherwise great. Recommended.	
Sep 22 2004	I disagree entirely with the bad reviews of this property	We had a fabulous stay here on September 10, 11 and 12, 2004. Two rooms on the seventh floor. The first was traditional in decor, large, and exceptionally clean and well organized with a king-sized bed. The second room was slightly smaller and very modern in design, with at least a 36&quot; (and possibly larger) flat-screen television against one wall and, again, a king-sized bed. The bathroom facilities in the more modern room were slightly odd in that they were open (with the exception of the toilet) to the rest of the room.Staff was consistently polite and helpful. The Terrace restaurant on the second floor, where we only had breakfast, was bright and lovely with its skylights. My only complaint with the Terrace restaurant was with some of the waitstaff who, although they tried, were not native English speakers and communication was sometimes more difficult than I would have expected in London, the capitol of the English-speaking world. Directly off the lobby was a beautiful room, dripping in gilt and Venetian chandeliers, in which afternoon tea and morning coffee was served. Directly down a few stairs from the lobby was the Burlington Bar, a very dark, welcoming and clubby sort of place.The lobby itself was small with very little seating. The centerpiece of the lobby was a large table upon which rested an enormous fresh floral arrangement which, during our stay, was constantly being tended to with fresh flowers. Above the lobby was a beautiful stained glass ceiling.About the only aspect of the negative reviews on tripadvisor.com of the Le Meridien Piccadilly I can agree with is everyone's assessment of this hotel's wonderful location (oh yes, and the hotel's rather steep prices). Otherwise, as I read the other reviews, I almost feel as if they were written about someplace else.	
Sep 14 2004	It's a 2/3 star in a 5 star location	The location of this hotel is excellent for day and evening activities alike. It's within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, the British Museum, and the West End theaters. So, what's wrong with it? It is presently undergoing a remodel and most of the rooms (99%) remain exceptionally worn while bordering on poor condition. We had a corner suite that was larger than most rooms, but the carpet was horribly stained, the shelves were literally coming off the bathroom wall, the room fax/copier didn't work, and the pillows spewed feathers from their worn seams. While I can understand the hotel undergoing a renovation because it desperately needs it, the hotel's level of disrepair and uncleanliness is simply inexcusable for a &quot;5 star&quot; establishment. Finally, the concierge was extremely rude to us when we asked about making copies of our VAT receipts through the &quot;business center&quot; since our room copier didn't work. It was like pulling teeth to find out that they could make copies for a fee. (The conversation went something like &quot;Our room copier does not work and has not been repaired during our stay, the brochure indicates we can get copies made through the business center, we were wondering what the procedure is for making copies. Concierge -- You want copies? Yes, there is no copier in the business center, is there another eway we can we make copies of our receipts? Concierge replies yes and stares at us blankly. We ask where can we have the copies made? concierge replies &quot;here&quot; and again stares at us blankly like we are suppose to guess about the details. We ask what is the procedure. He says &quot;I guess I've have to make them since your not allowed by the copier machine and there well be a charge.&quot;) Then, he made us wait for 10 minutes while he looked away from us and read what appeared to be a morning paper until he rudely summon another hotel employee to make the copies for us. In conclusion, the only thing that saves this hotel from a wrecking ball is its location which is undeniably good. Everything else at this establishment needs improvement. If you can find a solid 3 star in a good area then take it before this hotel.	
Aug 19 2004	Wonderful location superb refurbished room	The location is simply perfect for tourism, a stone's throw from Piccadilly Circus. We had two rooms – one was a superior room, traditionally decorated, large with an entrance hall and seating area; very comfortable despite the furniture being a little dated. The other room was an upgraded refurbished room – again, very large and extremely comfortable and very nicely decorated. Downside: shamefully high bar prices, and they charged us for a minibar drink we hadn't had.	
Aug 16 2004	Awful	Our room at the Le Meridien Piccadilly was cramped and dirty. The bedspreads were stained and there was long black hair all over the bathroom wall. It was quite an unpleasant experience. I recommend avoiding this hotel.	
Aug 9 2004	It is not the greatest but I liked it	Essentially I agree with the 06/20/04 review. It was good, but not great. I paid $ 199 per night on Priceline in high season. I felt that I got a good deal and would stay there again for the same money. In light of the fact that everything in London is EXTREMELY expensive, I recommend the hotel.	
Aug 9 2004	A Little Worn	Not a 5 star hotel (not my room anyway). Room was small and a little worn. Housekeeping did a good job of cleaning, and the reception desk were very helpful and nice. There were three of us in family and from Priceline we got room with 2 twin beds. Upon check-in I requested a roll-away and was told it would be an additional 60pds. No thank you. She then told me I could just call housekeeping which I did and had a roll away all week (complimentary). Wonderful location, close to everything. Everything is expensive in London....	
Jul 13 2004	Avoid	Having loved the Meridien Hotels I had previously stayed at I was looking forward to the Piccadilly, unfortunately it was a total let down, it was like a bad 4 star hotel rather than the 5 star that it is supposed to be.Housekeeping failed to clean the rooms two days running despite us having vacated the rooms between 08.00 and 17.00 hours and had to be chased up. The toilet would not flush which led to three attempts by maintenance to repair the fault, which they failed to do and the noise from the Cheers bar across the street till 3am does not make for a good nights sleep. In addition our mini bar was stocked with half drunk drinks and half eaten food, from previous guests which failed to be cleaned out even after requests.The good points - the location is superb, the food in the terrace restaurant is very good and the front office staff excellent.What is sad is that now my faith in the quality of Le Meridien hotels has been severely dented.	
Jun 20 2004	Good Not Great.	This hotel has a good location, close to the underground, shops, plenty of restaurants. It is a tad shop-worn (but welcome to Europe!)Wait until the GYM and spa is complete, otherwise you walk 3 blocks to a TINY La Fitness (that smells like a dirty sock). Hotel is about 4-star by USA standards, requested and received upgraded room. Staff was nice. Rooms were attractive. Booked room on priceline for $225 per night. Starbucks next door makes for a good breakfast choice, as the hotel's offering are a RIP off....$35 for a continental breakfast. No thanks!	
Jun 6 2004 	Good Location	The reviews written for this hotel is rather mixed but I guess it all depend on your personal experience. Stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in April 2004. The room that I got was rather big, confortable and clean. Luckily it did not face the Piccadilly road thus it was less noisy but there was no view from the window coz it was facing inwards opposite another building. The food in the hotel was fine but it got bored after the 3rd day of breakfast with the same menu. The location is superb for theatre, shopping and even the park. Took the bus a lot, bought my self the daily pass and lots of buses pass by to all major attractions. The tube was too crowded so prefer the bus. Hope to go there again soon. 	
May 22 2004	Lousy Housekeeping Staff	When we arrived, nobody helped us with our bags. We were directed to a room, which had not been cleaned by housekeeping. The toilet had not even been flushed, and there was dirty toilet paper in there. We notified the receptionist. We were directed to another room. It was extremely small. Even though the room had been &quot;cleaned&quot; by housekeeping, the papers on which the glasses in the bathroom sat had not even been replaced. The bedspread looked old and dirty. The room was generally dingy. Our keycards also did not work. Everytime we went to our room, we had to go downstairs and ask them to rekey our cards. At 10:00 pm that night, the phone started beeping nonstop, like it was off the hook. We called engineering. We had to unplug the phone to make it stop. Good thing we weren't expecting any calls. Only if you are willing to sacrifice quality for location should you stay here. This is a two-star hotel.	
May 19 2004	Loved the Location and Hotel	My husband and I just returned from London. We stayed at Le Meridian Piccadilly because of bidding on hotwire.com. I was worried after reading some bad reviews here, so my husband emailed the hotel and asked for a larger room. Wow...we got a SUITE! It was a two room suite with a foyer. The manager also sent us a complimentary fruit tray. The street noise was a little loud as its a busy street out front. I used ear plugs and slept fine. The location is perfect. We walked everywhere. Its very close to the theater district so walking at night to shows and dinner was fine. I would recommend this hotel. The staff were all very nice, breakfast in the restuarant was good, and the door man was pleasant to speak with. We would go back again in a heart beat. Cindy	
May 15 2004	Ask for a quiet room	I've stayed at this hotel twice, and I'd stay there again. The staff was very accommodating and easy to deal with. Given that the hotel is in central London, the rooms are adequately sized. Our room had two twin beds, a well appointed bathroom, and a terrycloth bath robe with a gentile 300 word entreaty (please don't steal our robes.)We never ate at the hotel (why bother?) but the lounge areas are comfortable, albeit smoky, places to hang out, especially when they're not pre-reserved by convention groups (about half the time).The close proximity to the tube and the theatre district is a double edged sword. Piccadilly is a busy street, with 4-5 lanes of traffic. I found the rooms facing Piccadilly to be pretty noisy. Given that I had a Priceline reservation, I thought I'd be unable to change. It wasn't a problem. So, ask for a room that isn't facing Piccadilly. The workout facility has been under renovation for a long time. The free alternate facility is a health club, two blocks away, but fully stocked. I went jogging around Green Park &amp; Hyde Park, which are a five minute walk away.I've stayed at nicer big city hotels (Intercontinental Sidney comes to mind) with more modern refurbishment. Like I'd imagine London’s Savoy or Mandarin Oriental to be. But I have no real complaints about this hotel, and I hope you enjoy your stay!	
May 2 2004	Wonderful staff at Le Meridien	We came to the Le Meridien Piccadilly by way of priceline. After reading some of the previous reviews, I was worried I had made a mistake by booking on Priceline.Within hours of arriving at Le Meridien, all my fears were dispelled.We stayed in the hotel in late March, 2004. The staff was wonderful, and could not have been more attentive to our needs. We asked for non-smoking rooms--done. We asked for adjacent rooms--done. The rooms were always clean and fresh. The concierge was knowledgeable and helpful. The front desk was quick and attentive.The rooms were somewhat small and dated, although the furniture was acceptable. Like many old buildings, the walls are thick and quiet.I wish I could say what the dining is like, but the prices were out of our league.As many others have written, the location is unmatched. The front door is only about 50 yards from the Piccadilly Tube station. If Le Meridien is to be your London &quot;home base&quot;, I would recommend buying a Tube pass, and only using the Underground. The only time we had to take a taxi was for our 6:30 am flight home from Heathrow. We were even able to take the Tube from Heathrow to our hotel on the way in.The only way we were able to afford Le Meridien was because they accepted our bid on Priceline at $150/room/night for 6 nights. Otherwise, the rack rate was about $329/night. That price is beyond our means.Enjoy the wonderful staff at Le Meridien Piccadilly!	
Apr 21 2004	A great hotel	I have stayed in several of the 5 stars hotels in London and never have I received such value for money. We booked the Hotel directly for a weekend away and was shown to a lovely bright room. Every single member of staff I met was smiling and cheerful. We decided to eat in the restaurant on the first night and the food was amazing, the way we were treated, we felt like royalty and breakfast each morning was superb! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this Hotel, and I plan not to leave it too long before we return.	
Apr 7 2004	Wonderful Stay and Great Location!		
Mar 8 2004	Great location - little else to recommend		
Jan 30 2004	Gem of a hotel		
Jan 25 2004	what a rip-off		
Jan 15 2004	Average		
Nov 16 2003	worst housekeeping service ever experienced!		
Oct 20 2003	Disappointed		
Oct 1 2003	Excellant Hotel		
Jul 31 2003	More like a 2 star Hotel!		
May 25 2003	Excellent everything-we loved it.		
Oct 26 2009 	Mais ou se sont caches les 5 etoiles...		
Oct 7 2009 	centrale ma mi aspettavo di più		
Oct 5 2009 	??		
Sep 30 2009 	weltklasse		
Sep 28 2009 	????????		
Aug 22 2009 	Emplacement Incroyable !		
Jul 21 2009 	Bel hotel historique emplacement idéal!		
Jul 9 2009 	???????????????		
Jun 10 2009 	piccola chicca		
May 5 2009 	Situación inmejorable		
Apr 5 2009 	?????????		
Feb 8 2009 	?????????		
Jan 28 2009 	Souvenir inoubliable		
Jan 13 2009 	En el mismo corazón		
Jan 5 2009 	???????????		
Dec 13 2008 	Schönes altes Hotel in Top Lage		
Aug 12 2008 	Terriblemente viejo		
Mar 27 2008 	Super place		
