Nov 22 2009 	Nice place but get to breakfast early cause NOT enough tables!	- trendy hotel.- vibrant location.- close to tube, good transport links.- 'continental' breakfast - un-fulfilling as usual.Not enough tables meant sitting at a desk on the side, which was awkward and annoying. No one seemed to be tidying tables either, which made the problem worse.- AirCon wasn't very effective.	
Oct 27 2009 	Typical Hol Inn Express	Typical Holiday Inn Express in a good location for Wembley. This was our second stay here in 2 years to go to the Wembley NFL game. Short walk to Finchley Road underground station &amp; only 1 stop away on the Metropolitan line. Also not far the other way into central London.We paid £290 for 2 rooms for 2 nights including continental serve yourself breakfast which is pretty good value in London. Decent choice for breakfast but the room in which the stuff is laid out is far too small - you keep bumping into other people trying to get their juice &amp; cereal. Room typical Hol Inn Express with all you need. Nice showeroom en suite.They don't seem to be able to get their &quot;twins&quot; &amp; &quot;doubles&quot; sorted out. Last time here we clearly booked a twin room but were initially given a double - not ideal for 2 grown up heterosexual men - but they managed to change us to a twin! This time we booked 2 twins &amp; got a twin &amp; a double although on this occasion the double was OK as I was sole occupant &amp; later they did offer to move the furniture round if I wanted.Good place to stay if you want to go to Wembley.	
Oct 19 2009 	GR8 deal and location	this hotel is very new everything is greatthe rooms are kinda small and no closetbut other than that very goodservice was in consistent depending on who was in the front deskchinese girl was very nice and helpfullother people kinda of annoying and unpleasentthe only problem we had was the phone my wife tried to call abroad and wasnt clearly informd about the outragous cost of 6 pounds just for pickin up the phonethat really sucked and we paid like a 100 pounds for ten minutes	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean modern noisy indifferent service	Clean modern hotel, adequate breakfast included in room rate. Location: name misleading. Hotel is NOT at Swiss Cottage but close to Finchley Road underground station. Situated on busy main road, front rooms noisy, impossible to open windows because of noise/pollution. Rear rooms in principle quieter but there is a continuous low grade buzz from air-conditioning/heating plant. Reception staff unsmiling and unhelpful. A practical place to stay at a decent price but little else.	
Oct 9 2009 	A great Holiday Inn	Holiday Inn would have us believe that their hotels (within a certain brand - Express, Crowne Plaza, etc) are all the same. This we all know is not true. However this particular hotel is great - true it is their most basic brand, so do not go expecting 5*. But the staff are freindly, rooms well maintained and clean - location is fantastic. (200m or so from the tube - within 20 mins from your room you can be in Central London). There is even a car park (albeit small). Straight oppisite there is a massive cinema complex, within 200M there are loads of restaurants, from high end Japanese, down to doner kebab take aways.Please keep it up Holiday Inn Swiss Cottage.Adam	
Sep 28 2009 	polite helpfull check inn.	we stayed 2 nights at this hotel, we found it very clean and quiet, although it is on a main road, it is close to finchley road tube station, and also the main bus routes, the continental breakfast is very good, and runs from 7-11 am, the jubilee line into london operates from finchley road station, but every weekend the line is closed for maintenance work, so we had to use the busses, the hotel check in staff were realy helpfull, no matter where we wanted to go, they knew what bus we should get. there is a small car park in the hotel which was full when we arrived, the staff directed us to another car park across the road, where we could park at the same rate charged by the hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	Tremendous value	We stayed there for 6 nights in sept 09, the location is perfect in relation to catching the tube, maybe a hundred yards or so. Also there is a mall complex across the street with a half dozen nice restaurants, reasonably priced, and a large grocery store, and cinema. The hotel itself is completely clean, the breakfast good, although no cooked meats or eggs if one must have those; seating for the breakfast was fine. The personnel were helpful and friendly, room was clean, everything worked well including the air conditioning and all fixtures in the bath. It does not have a room safe, nor is there furniture with drawers if that matters to anyone, it didn't to us. Although not centrally located we found that the price more than made up for taking the tube each day, as we would have needed a tube pass regardless of where we stayed. The best thing I could say about this hotel is that if and when we take a vacation to London again i wouldn't even bother to check other hotels, I'd stay in this one again.	
Sep 19 2009 	What They Don't Tell You	Saw this hotel on several websites which state 'ample car parking available'. What they don't tell you is that it costs £20 per night. We booked it because it looked new even though it was more expensive than another hotel 100 yards away we have stayed at before and like which was not only a bit cheaper but included full english breakfast and has free car parking. If Holiday Inn Express had bee upfront about the additional cost of car parking we would not have made the booking!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Convenient with good parking	Easy to access by car, with parking available. No free Wifi, but available at a cost. Breakfast very ordinary. Close to underground.	
Aug 27 2009 	Reasonably priced modern hotel	Good value hotel. Clean and nicely furnished. Family rooms available (2 adults, 2 children and a baby fitted into our room -- just!). Breakfast is OK (but the area where it is served is a bit cramped). Rooms at the front of the hotel are very noisy (it's on a busy main road) but rooms at the back are reasonably quiet. Close to bus stops and Finchley Road underground station. Supermarket, shops and a few restaurants just across the road from the hotel. Hotel parking is expensive -- £20/day!	
Aug 19 2009 	Good location 	We stayed at the Swiss Cottage hotel for an overnight stay whilst visiting London for a concert at Wembley. The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk from Finchley Rd tube station (zone 2) and opposite to the o2 centre, which houses a Weatherspoons, Zizzi and Nandos restaurants &amp; multi screen cinema. The hotel is on the main road but we didn't experience any problems from street noise.Wembley stadium was only a few stations away on both the Jubilee &amp; Metropolitan lines and we found this hotel ideal for Wembley.The hotel was spotlessly clean and the reception staff were friendly &amp; helpful. We booked a family room which was adequate in size, only slight grumble was the beds aren't the most comfortable &amp; the fold out sofa bed was very uncomfortable if you were tall, but fine for a small child. The continental breakfast was very good, with ample choice of cereals, juice, pastries, muffins and yoghurts. Only waited 5 minutes for a table. Very good basic hotel and would stay here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Very good basic hotel	We had a four-night stay at this hotel because it was nearby to some relatives we were visiting. We thought the price was very reasonable. The rooms were clean, modern and comfortable. The ensuite was quite good too. The hotel is very modern and the included breakfast was very good, considering the cheap rate we got. Our only complaint was that the beds were very uncomfortable and the double too small for us, although I understand this is the usual size for hotel beds in the UK. We are also used to top sheets on the beds, which again doesn't seem to be standard in UK hotels. My final gripe about the bed was that the blanket was for a smaller bed, so didn't actually cover you when two people were in the bed. We considered asking for a room with a bigger bed, but didn't bother in the end, as we had pre-booked over the internet and doubles were the only size avaiable.The hotel is across the road from a shopping centre with a good selection of restaurants, and is also very accessible into the city with bus stops and train stations nearby. The car park is very small for anyone travelling with a car. This did not bother us as we were returning our hire car on the day we arrived in London.I would recommend this hotel, but suggest inspecting the beds before agreeing to the room.	
Aug 13 2009 	Affordable convenient clean 	Stayed here for 6 nights and found it quite fine - easy walking distance to the underground, rooms clean, modern and reasonable size, and the breakfast quite decent - all within a price that's hard to beat for London. Asked for room in the back to avoid street traffic and found no troublesome noises.	
Aug 10 2009 	Ideal for short stay break	This is the second time we have stayed in Swiss Cottage and again found all the staff helpful, the accommodation was clean and room was well maintained during our stay. The breakfast which was included in the room rate was more than adequate. The only negative would be the room being slightly on the small side and not enough storage etc. A few minutes walk from Finchley Road tube station makes this hotel ideal for the sight seeing visitor.	
Aug 9 2009 	Perfect location for Wembley	Stayed here with my wife and sister-in-law for 1 night whilst attending a Take That concert at Wembley.Booked on the intenet and requested a quiet room at the back of the hotel. The sofa bed in the room was made up ready for us.The room was an adequate size and although it was a very hot day, the a/c cooled the room perfectly. There was no external noise at all during the night as the room simply overlooked the car-park at the back of the hotel.The breakfast was good - the usual selection of cereal, toast, pastries etc.Perfect location as only 2 minutes walk from FINCHLEY ROAD underground station (NOT Swiss Cottage station as the name of the hotel may suggest!).	
Jul 30 2009 	Spotlessly clean and very conveniently located	Stayed here for 3 days as a long weekend break. Service is brilliant so polite and cheerful and the hotel is spotless from top to bottom. I reckon that by moving 10 minutes out of the city I saved £50 a night easilly. Finchley Road Underground is only 100 yards away, or get a 13 or 113 bus from right outside the door to Baker Street or even straight thru to Piccadilly Circus. Dont forget your Oyster card makes the travel so cheap and easy.I parked at Northwood station which is on the Metropolitan line as is Finchley Road, its a 30 minutes trip to the hotel. Northwood has a huge car park and costs £2.50 per day, or £1 per day at weekend, AND you can pre-pay, so we paid £4.50 on Saturday morning and abandoned the car till Monday afternoon. Thats the way to do it !There's loads of bars and food nearby (the chinese takeaway 4 doors away is very good and the hotel lent us cutlery!) Across the road is a shopping mall with a Wetherspoons and about half a dozen restaurants including a Nandos if you like spicy chicken.Also handy for Camden market which is WELL worth a visit.Definitely be back here - I have only given 4 for location and value as (1) fair enough it isnt in overlooking Hyde Park or the Hanging Gardens of Babylon and (2) dont suppose you can ever call £75 a night cheap BUT it's much less of a rip off than the rest of London ! Graham and Kung.	
Jul 24 2009 	This hotel is not at all how it's descibed on their homepage it was a really bad experience	I can only agree with &quot;Julia 2857&quot; in the former reveiw. She have had exact the same experience as we did. When I first saw the reveiw I struck me that it could have been me writing it. I hope Julia does not mind that I copy her reveiw below:&quot;Since I have had good experience with Holiday Inn hotels in the past I was not expecting any of the problems that we encountered at this hotel. To begin with, the room faced a busy main street which made the room terribly noisy at all hours of the day and night. The beds were uncomfortable, particularly the sofa bed which was hardly suitable as a bed. Even though we stayed at the hotel in the middle of the summer, albeit of the London type, the blankets were ridiculously warm (heavy comforters), and the room temperature control did not function properly. All of this amounted to a miserable stay in the hotel which almost spoiled our vacation. The only positive things that I have to say about this hotel are that the breakfast was quite nice and fresh, and that the underground station was conveniently close.&quot; What I need to add to is that we were able to move to another room after the first night which did not face the street and that made the room more quet during the rest of our stay.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good choice for that price	As for me, quite good hotel with good service. I stayed there for 4 days. It was written somewhere here, that it is too noisy from the side og the street. Must say, that it is individually, as for me, the noise is not high... if windows are closed, surely.	
Jul 19 2009 	This hotel was the worst part of an otherwise lovely trip to London	Since I have had good experience with Holiday Inn hotels in the past I was not expecting any of the problems that we encountered at this hotel. To begin with, the room faced a busy main street which made the room terribly noisy at all hours of the day and night. The beds were uncomfortable, particularly the sofa bed which was hardly suitable as a bed. Even though we stayed at the hotel in the middle of the summer, albeit of the London type, the blankets were ridiculously warm (heavy comforters), and the room temperature control did not function properly. All of this amounted to a miserable stay in the hotel which almost spoiled our vacation. The only positive things that I have to say about this hotel are that the breakfast was quite nice and fresh, and that the underground station was conveniently close.	
Jul 13 2009 	Wonderful location	Really wonderful location and nice clean hotel. Staff not really helpful but did give very good directions to Abbey Road(within in walking distance). Great continental breakfast. O2 shopping center across the street and has nice book store and couple of nice places to eat. Wonderful market just 2 blocks or so down the road. It was a good deal for the price and would stay there again next time in London. Tube station just about 2 blocks away and bus close by. I would ask for a room in the rear because Finchely Road is very busy. I had requested a room in the back (triple) and was very happy to have received it! The 3rd bed- cot was very uncomfortable but all in all wonderful place	
Jul 12 2009 	characterless hotel but did the job	The Express Holiday Inn on Finchley Road was a clean, convenient hotel. There were lots of options for meals within easy walking distance of the hotel. Breakfast was adequate, but the breakfast room was quite cramped when the &quot;breakfast rush&quot; was on. The staff were pleasant. Internet access was not included in the room rate, and relatively expensive. This is a practical hotel. It is not one you'd stay in if you wanted an &quot;experience&quot; of London, or a hotel with character, but it was quite fine. If I was returning to the area again, I would be happy for a return stay.	
Jul 11 2009 	A nice hotel	Just spent a week at this hotel, and overall it was a nice experience. Nice staff, good location, close to the Finchley road tube station and the o2 centre.Quite new hotel, but there was a strange red spot on the carpet. Did not eat at the hotel, as there are several nice places to eat just across the road at the o2 centre.We were unfortunate to get a hotel towards Finchley road, which is quite loud and the a/c is almost as loud.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great location friendly hotel	Me and my husband visited Express by Holiday Inn Swiss Cottage on the 4th July for 2 nights. We travelled to London to watch Take That at Wembley.On arrival we tried to park in the only hotel car park (has about 5 spaces) and when we saw through the barrier that there were no spaces, we stopped for a second in the bays adjacent.As we did this the lady in the car next to us said don't wait here or stop, when we looked at the car we realised it had a clamp and she was waiting to get it released. Good thing she was there otherwise the same could have happened to us. Do not stop in behind the hotel for even a minute!!Just come back out of the side of hotel and straight across the lights and park in the O2 Centre car park opposite.The car park charges are huge in this area, but simply exchange your ticket at reception when you want to move your car and pay £20. We left the car in this carpark for over 48 hours and only paid £20 for our entire stay (use public transport while you are here and pay only once for parking otherwise it will be £20 per day or everytime you move the car).There was a small queue at reception but this moved pretty quickly, our room was not ready when we got there, due to them being fully booked but our luggage was tagged and taken to a secure staff only locked room.The staff are very friendly and happy to answer any questions you might have or to give you tips on where to go etc.Turn left outside the entrance of the hotel and 2-3 mins walk is the Finchley Road tube station. This is on the metropolitan and Jubilee line and is direct to many attractions or a change to anywhere in London pretty much.Everything we visited was a 5-8 min journey away.Rooms are simple but extremely clean, decent sized bathroom etc. Like many reviewers have said there are no closed cupboads, but the hanging and shelf space was plenty for myself and husband for our stay.Bed was a little soft for me, but i seemed to sleep soundly enough.Breakfast is a serve yourself continental. Cereal, yoghurts, fruit, cheese's, bread, muffins, toast and danish pastries, hot drink machine and juices there was plenty of selection and all very tasty.All in all we had a very nice stay, and the location of the hotel was a big part of this. Don't forget to have a drink or food in the weatherspoons opposite as for London it is very cheap (sunday chicken dinner and glass of wine £7.49)!Would recommend it for anyone going to Wembley as only 7mins (1 stop) away.	
Jul 8 2009 	Enjoyed Stay. Will Return.	I stayed at the Swiss Cottage Holiday Inn Express for two weeks at the end of April. Although not in the CBD, it was very well located within one block of a two-line tube station. Time to central London was 15 minutes, and 25 minutes if you had to change trains (which I seldom had to do). The neighborhood, while not atmospheric, has all the conveniences and services I needed within one block of the hotel. The hotel itself is four years old and has all the advantages of a new facility, which I appreciated. My room was small, but very well thought out and arranged; I lacked for nothing. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the breakfast was remarkably generous. . Because of some street noise, which was not extreme, I did ask to have my room changed from one facing Finchley Road to a room facing the car park, and it turned out to be very quiet. I enjoyed my stay there and will return. As long as one understands the Holiday Inn Express model, you will not be disappointed.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice hotel in convenient location	We stayed in a quad room with 4 people. The room was a bit tight with sofa sleeper unfolded, but similar to most European hotels. The hotel seemed to be cleaner and nicer than most London hotels in this price range. The continental breakfast had a good variety and tables were always available to sit at. Note that they do charge extra beyond 2 people unless they are under 18 yrs.Location is excellent. It is an easy 5 min walk to Finchley Rd tube station which takes you anywhere in London in 15-30 min. There are plenty of restaurants nearby, including a mall across the street with at least 6 restaurants and a grocery store inside. There are 2 pubs across the street too, Australia Bar and Whetherspoons, both nice places for pub food and drinks. A little Kabab restaurant across the street deserves special mention. They had excellent Indian/Pakistani food at great prices (Chicken Biryani plate for 5 pounds with a drink!).The only negative about the hotel was you have to pay for wired internet and it was slow.	
Jun 28 2009 	Fantastic value modern building generous breakfast	We spent ages researching reasonably priced London hotels, and although this one was a little more than we had hoped to pay for (accommodation in London seems to run about three times the price of anywhere else in England) we were very pleased with this hotel. The rooms were modern, the shower was powerful, and the generous breakfast - juice, fruit, bread, rolls, cheese, ham, marmite, cereal - was an added bonus. The staff were generally very helpful; the only exception on check-in when a trainee made a huge deal out of the fact I was paying with a different credit card than the one I booked with.	
Jun 23 2009 	Quite satisfied with stay	Stayed 7 days in room with twin beds with my adult daughter. Room was small but well organized. Very clean. I took along some wire hangers because previous reviews said hanging space was limited. That was a big help and we just left them there. Breakfast was well stocked with good choices and adequate protein available. Helpful,friendly staff. Arrived early and they stored our luggage until we returned at check in time. Lifts and A/C worked well. Hair dryer in room. Convenient location a block from Finchley Rd tube station. Shopping center with restaurants and Sainsburys grocery across street. Had good meals at Nandos and Fine Burger there and at Passage to India restaurant in next block. Only negative was that beds were not supportive for bad backs - not terrible but not great.	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent value clean with breaky	Stayed for 2 days whilst in London. Picked hotel based on comments from trip advisor. Was not dissapointed. Hotel is within 1 block of the tube. Rooms clean. Shower was hot. Staff were helpful and the free conty breakfast was superb. Rest/pub across the street was cheap.	
Jun 21 2009 	Consistantly good value	I have stayed here many times on business over the last 4 years. It is your standard Holiday Inn Express format but the location is excellent with Metropolitan and Jubilee line Tube Station 200m away, coach link to Stanstead Airport 100m away and a shopping complex with a cinema, variety of pubs and restaurants and a supermarket just across the road.While the furnishings are beginning to show signs of wear and tear the place is always clean and the staff helpful and efficient.A reliable, no frills hotel for about £75 a night in London with breakfast included.......you can't go wrong.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good value for money	Chose holiday inn swiss cottage for its price and proximity to tube station. We stayed for 4 nights in end of may 2009. The hotel is close to central london. Check in was quick and hassle free. Lifts come very quickly so no waiting needed in lobby. The rooms are clean and neat and come with tea making facilities, which seem to be a rarity these days. Our room came with a double bed and a sofa bed(which we closed up) as it wasnt needed, so we had plently of space. For me, in any hotel, linen is very important. Thankfully the hotel has 100% white cottton sheets and linen. Only problem for me was the noise from the street which could be heard at times, but was not too bad.The bathroom is nice and spacious with plenty of space to leave toothbrushes etc. Also they have decent hand wash and body wash(brands I would use at home) in the bathroom which is a big plus.Breakfast is continental with a decent amount of seating. Never had to wait for seating. All in all a very good hotel, and very good value for money. Will recommend the hotel to others.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great value for money	This hotel is a budget hotel but the highlight is the location near tube station, closer to the central london, decent ambience &amp; buisness like atmosphere. the rooms are not that spacious but for this price in the london city I will still call it value for money. I had to catch eurostar for paris in the morning so they served breakfast for me &amp; my family at 4 AM in the morning as there is no 24 hrs coffee shop in the hotel so i liked that service !! I will surely stay again !!	
May 28 2009 	It is just ok	you will never go wrong with holiday inn. Rooms are in the same style. The hotel is close to tube and you can get to centre london easily. Beware! The hotel is not next to the swiss cottage tube station!	
May 27 2009 	Clampers- be very wary	Hotel is 'ok'. Still newish- not tired yet. However I would recommend that you do not drive ANYWHERE near the hotel. Even if you have booked a parking space. Either that or keep your car rolling, dont come to a standstill. I had a close-shave (stopped infront of the car barrier) but I witnessed at least 3 others (I couldnt warn them- it was that quick) who were caught out. They seem to store the cars over in Sainsburys carpark/back around the VW dealership across the road as well if you managed to get clamped- could walk across and recover your own car! Due to the parking problem I wouldnt recommend this hotel. The hotel's customer services itself didnt respond to my questions etc.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	We paid a total of £138.00 for 2 nights using their website, about 2 months in advance, for a room for 3 people. We had 2 beds, 1 a sofa. This was excellent value for money. The hotel seems quite new, it was spotlessly clean and the room decor was pleasing. Breakfast (continental) was included and perfectly adequate. Staff was helpful and kept our luggage until late pm on our last day. Location was good for the price. Make sure you take the finchley rd stop on the jubilee line and its a 2 minute walk from there, a few stops on this line brings you to oxford st. I would certainly use the hotel again. The only better option would be a hotel on the picadilly line to heathrow to avoid changing.	
May 24 2009 	For the price -unbeatable!	Book through their own website -good offers. Less than 100 £ per night for five nights!Breakfast was for us satisfying. Rooms were spotless (my Mum checked EVERYWHERE). However, some people might be bothered by the noise from the street. We weren't.It is a bit off from the city centre, but the transport possibilities made completely up for it.Tube was close and convenient, so were the bus routes. Restaurants in the shopping centre very good, as was the Sainsbury's.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a bargain in London. One of the best values for the price we have ever found!	
May 13 2009 	Value choice for London	Most of the reviews give the same info, which is the reason I booked it for us: myself, my wife and three teenage relatives, i.e., family trip.Service was very nice despite the fact that we arrived late and had not made exact descriptions of all arriving persons in beforehand. So, there was a little hassle with getting an extra bed into one our rooms but it worked out ok after all. All our questions we're answered well and we felt like someone actually cared for us.Rooms were modern with all you need. No luxury but very clean. As always in London (in our experience) the rooms were pretty small but London's not the place to spend your days in the hotel... The whole establishment seemed quite recently renovated.Breakfast worked well with cereal, bread, some fruits etc. At times it got a bit crowded but the earlier you get out of bed, the more room you'll have.The subway and buses took us to all places we wanted to go to smoothly. Even if we got back to hotel late in the evening we felt safe - it seemed like a quite peaceful place. Also there were many shops and even a little modern shopping centre close by if you needed to get some snacks etc. to your room.I would probably book this hotel again.	
May 7 2009 	Cant fault it	We stayed at this hotel for a week while visiting our son who is living in London and working at the O2 centre opposite the hotel. My husband did a fair amount of business and I found it easy to find my way around London using this as my base.The hotel is spotlessly clean. The rooms are small but adequate. There are no closed cupboards or safe deposits in the rooms but it was ok. The breakfast was the same every day but more than sufficient. The staff were extremely friendly and obliging and gave us an early check in and a late check out. All in all I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
May 5 2009 	Great hotel on Finchley Road	I found this to be a great little hotel in an excellent location.Finchley Road is a great location if you want to be outside the congestion zone (I had my car) as its easy to get anywhere in the West End by tube.The staff were excellent and all aspects of the hotel stay were 100% Nothing at all to fault really.I will use this hotel again.	
May 1 2009 	does what it says on the tin!	i went here with my girlfriend as we had beeb out in the area. the staff were really nice, especially joseph on reception!the first room we were given wasnt to our liking but joseph happily changed us to a better one and even let us grab some croissants from the kitchen (we had arrived very late!)room was fine as was the bed and the shower was good. Basically its was what i expected from a holiday inn and i wasnt unhappy with anything, good clean basic accommodation, does what it says on the tin!	
Apr 23 2009 	Perfect Hotel will always always here	I stayed here twice. first time i got a good rate 50 pounds a nyt the second stay was more expensive 80 pounds a nyt. Overall, the hotel is absolutely perfect at least for the price you pay.Positive:1- location: 1 minute walk from Fincely Road tube station. Buses stops just outside the hotel. Close to Waitrose (supermarket) and O2 shoppign centre which has cinema restaurant. and the whole fincehly &amp; st john street are full of restaurant  [ taxi costs 10-15 pounds from King Cross]2- quiet: i stayed in rooms in the back side in both times3- Price4- Breakfast5- nice staffdownside:not all the rooms are the same side. and the price of the rooms seem to be changing everyday, so if u book online today, make sure to double check tomorrow coz the price just goes up and down.	
Apr 1 2009 	Comfortable	A good little hotel with an absolutely great location, very near to a tube station with direct trains to bond street and other Central london locations.Has small but neat rooms and an adequate cold breakfast consisting of Breads, cereal juices and coffee/tea etc.Staff is consistent with the rooms being serviced on time and well everyday.Downside to the hotel is the total lack of cupboard space (ie: not cupboards at all but racks instead) in the rooms and also an absence of room safes which is somewhat compensated for lockers provided in the lobby free of cost.Stay here if you are getting a good deal....worth not more then 80 pounds the most.	
Mar 18 2009 	Absolute gem of a hotel	Stayed here for tw nights 15 - 17 March with my 11 year old daughter. Booked a room with double and sofa beds £77 per night. We weren't disappointed. Check in lasted 2 minutes, very friendly girl in reception. Room and bathroom (which I'm very particular about) where SPOTLESS. Bathroom door had us amused in that you could close it normally but could also swing it back and close it at the toilet cubicle so you could both use bathroom at same time but loo was seperated from shower and sink. Great idea! (We're easily amused) Our room (101) was to the front of the hotel but the noise from the main road was non existant once the window was shut so it didn't bother us at all. Really colourful bar / breakfast area. Breakfast had a great choice - cereal, rolls, muffins, crossants, toast, cheeses, cappachino, etc. All fresh. Staff were lovely.24hr Sainsburys in the 02 centre right opposite. Finchley Road and Frognal overground station is a 5 min walk to your right where you can catch trains to Camden Road and Highbury. Finchley Road undergruond station is no more than 3 min walk to your left where you can hop on the Jubilee or Metropolitan lines into the West End or City. 4 stops to Bond Street station which lands you right opposite the Disney Store and Oxford Street.I can't recommend this hotel enough and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Clean modern and excellent location	Booked last minute for one Saturday night stay at the end of Feb, to attend a show at Cecil Sharpe House in Camden (walking distance via Primrose Hill). If we’d booked sooner could probably have got a better rate but booking 2 days before and got best online flexible rate of £109.50 inc VAT and continental breakfast. Check-in was fast, friendly and efficient. Had asked for high floor room and was allocated top floor room 606, facing the 02 centre on Finchley Rd. Didn’t notice any noise coming in from the busy road at all. Rooms are simple but spotless, functional enough for a short stay. Might be a bit of a squeeze for 2 people for longer than that, with more luggage. Bed and pillows comfortable and room stayed at comfortable temperature. Location not the prettiest but great transport links with the Metropolitan and Jubilee line at Finchley Road tube station across the road. Also walking distance to West Hampstead and its overland train lines Thameslink and the North London link. There are also plenty of buses, taxis and you can walk to Hampstead, Camden etc. There’s lots of food options inside the 02 centre (we had dim sum at the London Hong Kong restaurant) and Waitrose &amp; Sainsburys supermarkets, if you want to buy your own.Didn’t try the bar area but breakfast was fair selection, well stocked, with self-service drinks machine. Check-out again was fast and efficient and front desk very friendly and genuinely interested in whether you’ve had a comfortable stay. Usually stay at Marriott Regents Park but if I could get a competitive rate would happily stay here again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Clean and convenient choice - would return	Stayed here on business for one night only. The hotel is on the busy Finchley Road about 200m from the Tube Station of the same name.Well run and clean / well presented, you can expect the usual standard / spec if HI Express room and a reasonable selection at the complimentary continental breakfast buffet. Staff were helpful and welcoming.Limited car parking at the rear. If you're a light sleeper a room overlooking the car park will be amazingly quiet for such a busy part of London. Would definitiely return.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great value - great location	If you book via the Holiday Inn website they guarantee the best price we paid £59.50 for a double room including breakfast - great value! v close to Wembley as on the same line and central london. I would definately use this hotel again.	
Jan 19 2009 	Perfect stay	Went to London in December 2008 for sightseeing and stayed for 4 nights. Typical Express by Holiday Inn Hotel, high standard facilities, very comfortable rooms and very clean.The O2 centre just opposite is a nice place to spend 1-2 evenings when you're back at the hotel and eat or watch a movie ([-]).Tube is just 2 minutes away and Jubilee/Metropolitan lines have excellent service, to any major tourist attraction in London (typically only 5-15 mins).Would definately go back and recommend this hotel to all friends.	
Dec 31 2008 	Good midrange hotel	This is a very good 3 star hotel close to central London. Rooms are small but modern and clean. The breakfast is very good and the breakfast room nicely decorated.Close by you can find a supermarket, lots of restaurants and a cinema.The tube is just 5 mins from the hotel.	
Dec 26 2008	excellent stay	LEONIDAS HELLAS ATHENS.we stayed at hi for three nights.By the time we pass the entrance everything was ok.The front desk was very kind.The room and also the toilet were very large!Unusual for london hotel in such a price.Breakfast ok and check out very quick.About cleaness perfect.THANKS A LOT.	
Nov 12 2008 	Very nice	Very nice hotel. New, modern, clean, very convenient location. Very good breakfast included in the price of the room. I have only two complaints: 1) According to some curious designing concept, it doesn't have ANY drawers or conventional closets or wardrobe in the room. It only has shelves and an open wardrobe with only six hangers. So, even it is OK when there is only one person in the room, it is rather inconvenient to store your clothes and underwear on the shelves, and share just six hangers between two people, or even a whole family, in the room.2) For 7.5 pounds a day, for Internet service, I would have expected a fast broadband connection, instead of a very slow one, suitable only for checking email, and unsuitable for anything else, not even watching a video on YouTube, or anything of the sort.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great Value Very Comfortable Hotel	We stayed here for four nights, as a group of five in August 2008. We booked two rooms, as one person bunked on the pullout bed. The pullout bed was uncomfortable, so next time, I'd hire an additional room. The location was excellent - just a short walk from the tube station. There are also plenty of bus stops out the front, I even think that one of the airport buses stops out the front. The free breakfast was great. Cereal, yoghurt, fruit, cheese, toast, tea, coffee. More than enough food, even close to the time when breakfast due to finish. The room, whilst not spacious, was great for two people - it was clean and everything was relatively new.We paid under 100 pounds per night for each room, which I think is great for London - especially due to the location and breakfast.	
Oct 8 2008 	Very nice hotel	I stayed at this hotel for a training course and found it very conviniant. Within a few yards of the tube and a 24hour supermarket over the road.I used the priority club check in and everything was ready for me and was the fastest check in at a hotel I have ever had.Breakfast was very nice, cereal, toast and danish pastries.I have another training course later this year and hope to stay at the hotel again.The only slight problem with the hotel was other guests who thought it fine to go in and out of rooms at 1am allowing the doors to slam shut one evening.	
Oct 3 2008 	Excellent value for money	This was our second stay at this wonderful hotel. This is a very nice hotel indeed. It is clean, modern, safe and offers great connections to the city. The area also offers good services, O2 shopping centre, Sainsburys, pharmacy, M&amp;S Simply Food, NHS hospital almost round the corner, Post Office, etc. Almost everything in the Hotel is perfect, some points to mention;- A/C in public areas not always switched on, the air stuffy in the afternoon and evening. Strange.- They have improved the breakfast, little bit more to choose from and better quality bread rolls and pastry. Good !- Breakfast room male attendant provided a service with smile- Some of the Reception staff seemed at times to be stressed/bored. Most of the times very friendly though!- Execellent housekeeping service. Very clean room every day - wow , thanks ! - Hotel maybe needs new towels soon, especially the large ones are thin and at times did not smell fresh.- The rooms facing the back are really peaceful.- An internet station in the lobby would be nice, would be convenient to check some last minute details on a tourists itinerary ! Hope you have a wonderful stay !	
Sep 26 2008 	At £60 a night an absolute bargain for London.....	We stayed at the Express by Holiday Inn - Swiss Cottage for just one night to celebrate my Wife's birthday and paid the unbelieveable price of £60, which to me is a fantastic price for near central London.The hotel itself is typical Express by Holiday Inn, very modern, nice lobby area with breakfast room and bar area, lifts to the floors (and stairs also) and a pleasant room albeit a little on the small size. We actually had a family room which had a sofa which converts to a bed, believe me, it would be very tight for anymore than 2 people in these rooms but for a couple it is absolutely perfect. The bathroom is also nice, with a shower (no bath in our room) and toilet area seperate from each other. All in all it was a very bright and modern room and most importantly very clean. We looked out on the small car park at the back and I would recommend booking a room at the back if you are a light sleeper as the traffic out the front is quite noisy.Breakfast is a standard continental, rolls, bread, pastries, juice, water and hot drinks. It does the job, but don't expect it to keep you going all day.Staff were excellent throughout and eager to please. We checked in half an hour before rooms were ready but the girl on the desk made a few calls and we were able to head to our room. We also asked for an iron and board for our evening wear and this was not a problem also.Location is first class, just a 2 minute walk from the Finchley Road tube station which will take you anywhere in London. There is the O2 centre right opposite which has a few bars and restaurants although it seems at present to be in the middle of some extensive renovations. There is a Sainsburys supermarket at the back of the O2 centre also.If you really want just a light meal at any point the often maligned but fairly honest Walkabout bar (Aussie themed) is situated just across the road. We had two burger meals and two pints of beer for the princely sum of £10, how very un-London like!!!!!To sum up it is an excellent modern hotel with very friendly staff (not always guaranteed in London) and has an exceptional location just yards from a major tube station. If you can get the hotel at anywhere near the price we paid you will be getting one of the best bargains in London. Highly recommended.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great location i will return	Great hotel near Finchley Road tube station (jubilee line), Frognal train station, national express coach A6 and several bus lines. Rooms was clean, normal size, and the bathroom too. Continental Breakfast. Ner the hotel there are many restaurants, pizzeria, fast food, supermarkets, etc.I suggest it.	
Aug 8 2008 	A God Send	Clean and comfortable room. 2 adults and 2 kids fit nicely in a queen bed and fold out couch. Bathroom lacked a tub (kids didn't care for that), but the toilet can be separated by a door that has a unique way of swinging. A plus when the kids or other adult is showering or readying themself at the sink.A little out of the way, but within easy walking distance of 2 tube lines. Asked for a room on the back side of the hotel and it was very peaceful.Quite a few restaurants w/in walking distance and a market right down the street. Breakfast in the morning was more than adequate and included fresh fruit, cheeses, toast, yogurt, cereal and a lot more. Also, had a bar during afternoon/evening hours.This was a fantastic hotel during the heat wave. Not all hotels in London have A/C!! They also have an ice machine...another rarity in the city. Stayed here for 6 nights and it was as nice as being home.	
Aug 6 2008 	Excellent Location Value and Comfort	The Holiday Inn Express Swiss Cottage was booked through IC Hotels Group for 85 pounds per night. This occured a month in advance for the summer high season of July. After many previous, pleasant experiences at other Holiday Inn Express', I felt this location would be no different. Indeed, this hotel is a fantastic hotel that has clean, comfortable rooms, excellent transportation links, friendly staff and overall a great value/quality ratio. Anyone arriving from London St Pancras (perhaps from the continent) will appreciate the direct link to Finchley Road station via the Metropolitan line where the hotel is a very short, 200 meter walk from the station. While the hotel is across the street, a crosswalk is provided infront of the hotel. People who enjoy stairs can also use an underground pedestrian walkway under Finchley Road as well. The only issue with this route is a few small staircases within Kings Cross St Pancras Station where a lift is not availble for practical reasons. Otherwise, the &quot;Met&quot; line, is comfortable, and being a sub-surface line is a spacious train to travel with luggage. The nature of the Metropolitan Line also means fewer stops between St Pancras and Finchley Road as compared to the Jubilee line after Baker Street Station. Also, you should not have to worry about which direction the Metropolitan Line is headed, it should always stop at Finchley Road. Heading to or from Heathrow is more difficult. The most direct way would be to use the Jubilee Line at Finchley Road heading southbound, changing at Green Park for the Piccadilly Line. Be advised that there is a rather long and busy interchange between the two lines at Green Park, and this may not be fun when loaded with luggage during peak hours. Arrivals from Gatwick are easier, a train from Gatwick to London Bridge Station and change for the Jubilee Line. Still, once settled at the hotel, the transportation links are excellent. London Buses Route 13 heads straight into Oxford Circus. There is a stop just in front of the hotel. The Metropolitan and Jubilee lines both call at Finchley Road Station, the latter passing through many sights of London and also reaching Canary Wharf. Though it didn't apply to us, the motorist will be happy to discover a small carpark behind the hotel with direct access to the hotel lobby.Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was ready on arrival and the lobby was quiet. Pamphlets about local attractions or transport links were available. The staff were friendly and efficient, offering recommendations for dining choices in the area. The lifts were small worked well. The brightly lit and clean hallway lead to our room which was facing the car park and appreciably quiet. Rooms overlooking Finchley Road are likely noisier given that Finchley Road is quite busy, punctuated by the crosswalk where crossing is a multi-step process. Frequent guests of other Holiday Inn Express' will instantly recognize the decor. Modern, fresh and inviting furnishings are present, all very clean and operating properly. The bathroom WC can be separated from the shower and sink thanks to a double-hinged door. While the bathroom is small, it is quite a typical size for European hotel rooms and is not out of the ordinary. As is the shower, which can be hand-held. It is advisable to do so, given it would be easy to inadvertently soak the floor. The room itself contained a double bed and a sofa bed which is also a double bed. Storage space is adequate for four people, as are the beds. Novel cubbyholes make use of every available nook, which is necessary. Extra linens are hit and miss, reception said they had to check if a spare blanket was available and if it was, I was to collect it at reception. (Sorry, no delivery) An extra blanket was indeed available that night. The window operated well and could be opened for fresh air. The HVAC system worked efficiently. The area is also a highlight. It appears to be quite safe and have plenty of amenities. A Waitrose supermarket is close to Finchley Road Station. The O2 Centre (Mall) is across the street and features a variety of restaurants on the second floor. A Books Etc. is also in the mall. The area is also rather busy, however, but well lit at night. Breakfast in the morning was delicious. The collection of pastries are tasty, so tasty that the kitchen often runs shortly after setting a batch down and must bake a new one. The dining area is reasonably comfortable and spacious with televisions provided. By around 9:30AM, the room was pretty busy but there was still an open table or two.The actual breakfast &quot;buffet&quot; area was a bit small, it was located in a room and often you might come close to bumping into another guest with a tray. Check-out was as speedy as check-in. Again, the staff were very kind and held out luggage after we checked out free of charge in anticipation for our late fight. They also were able to call a cab, (actually a private hire vehicle) for us to Heathrow. For four passengers and luggage, it took around fifty minutes and cost just forty-eight pounds fifty. Overall, an excellent choice. Holiday Inn Express Swiss Cottage boasts friendly and efficient staff, an excellent, lively location close to amenities and transport, clean and comfortable rooms and breakfast in the morning. Perhaps the only concerns would be the small &quot;food collection&quot; area and the potential for a noisy room given the congestion on Finchley Road. Otherwise, highly recommended for.	
Jul 22 2008 	Good Customer Experience	Spent one night with three adults in the room, which was clean and well appointed, though a little cramped with the extra bed in there.Reception area was quite welcoming as were the staff. We were a little early for booking in and our room wasn't ready so we were swopped to another that needed the sofa bed making up. Ten minutes wait and we were in. I took the car and hadn't booked a parking space so paid £20 for a secure garage next to the hotel and staff parked the car for me. You need to ring the hotel if you want a space on site and it's only £15 but very limited numbers. There's a small public car park next to the hotel at the rear of the main street and I was told that the ticket machine hadn't worked for 3 monthe - so you might get lucky!The continental breakfast was fine without being spectacular and overall I felt the hotel offered good value for money with staff who actually seemed pleased to be working there.	
Jul 17 2008 	Enjoyed our stay	This hotel was perfect for us (2 adults &amp; 5 teenagers). We stayed in two rooms each containing one double bed &amp; one sofa bed. Therefore one room had 3 people and the other had 4 people. Since we were on a budget we purchased the rooms ahead of time for the cheapest rates. www.holiday-inn.com The Sofa bed was a double size that slept 2 and the other regular double bed fit two. We had to make two separate reservations for each of the rooms, one with 3 and one with 4 people. Otherwise, it kept saying 2 rooms weren't available for 7 people....hmmm. So, we made two separate reservations, which worked out with the outcome we wanted.The breakfast contained yogurts, pastries (baked there..yum!), cheese, coffee, tea, cereals, hot chocolate, etc... It was a good breakfast with enough variety for everyone. The way the American dollar is it was nice to have a free breakfast for the 7 of us!!!There's a grocery store across the street as well as a nearby chinese restaurant &amp; Subway sandwiches. The subway ( is also nearby so it was easy to go from the airport to the hotel (about an hour away for London Heathrow). We also took to the subway to London City airport for our flight out which was easy to do as well since the subway goes all the way to that airport now. I think it took us 45min. It only took less than 5 minutes from the subway station (Finchley road) to the hotel. You'll see the hotel to the left across the street as you exit the subway station. The Swiss Cottage stop is one too early so wait until you reach Finchley road so you don't have to lug your luggage an extra 1/4 mile like we did!The hotel has internet for about seven and half pounds per day. The decor looked new to me in a modern style. I loved it!! There was a gathering space for breakfast, TV, &amp; a little bar as well. Very comfortable.Our rooms were on the back side of the hotel so we had no trouble with street noise. Other reviewers said to ask for the rooms in the back due to street traffic noise in the rooms to the front. Anyway, we asked for rooms in the back and got them!!! We also arrived early (noon) due to our early flights and they had one of our 2 rooms ready which they let us in. We were very thankful for this because we were dead tired from our long flights from the USA West coast to London. If they didn't have a room ready they would have held our luggage for us (very nice). The rooms had showers, no tubs. Very creative design with the door to the restroom/toilet room. The rooms were very clean and were a great respite from a hectic schedule. Downtown is about 45min- walk away (the way teenagers walk). We did the double decker bus tour the 2nd day there and walked to the nearest stop to get it. Therefore, we didn't buy subway tickets &amp; got a lot of exercise!My son skateboards &amp; we were right in leaving his skateboard at home because we never saw one skateboarder in London.The staff was wonderful. They were very friendly and accommodating. We discovered that if you need to rekey a room key then all the others won't work anymore for that room. so you need to redo all of the keys for the room if you redo one. Since we had 4 keys per room they did get a bit tired rekeying them until we figure out what was happening. One person would rekey it, then the rest wouldn't work. Then another would rekey it, and then the others wouldn't work. Then we just rekeyed them all at the same time &amp; TADA!! they all worked &amp; the staff was happier!!!!!!!For the price, 85 pounds/room prepaid I thought it was a great hotel. because it...-fit 4 people/room-breakfast included-close to subway-new decor (either newly remodeled or new)-quiet rooms-holiday inn-nearby grocery store and food places-Reasonable price. (thanks!!!)	
Apr 18 2008 	great location for wembley arena	stayed here for fa cup semi final .wembley easy to reach by tube from finchley rd station and central london only 10 mins by tube. hotel bright and modern .good service,good continental breakfast ,room a little small but 4 of us shared using the double sofa bed, which meant it was very reasonable. the o2 center opposite the hotel was great ,plenty of resteraunts ,shops and a large sainsburys .can not fault this hotel.	
Jan 29 2008	Extremely POOR customer service	Stayed there for 3 nights. Our big bag of laundry went missing on the first night. We followed due process as advised by the hotel. Outcome was that hotel manager advised that their staff don't steal and provided NO compensation. Basically called their guests liers.Extremely poor / non-existant customer service. Be careful to ensure all your belongings are accounted for at all times.	
Jan 3 2008 	Only stay here if you are English or have English sterling? Confused?	I have stayed in here about 3 times as it is close to where I have meetings otherwise I would stay elsewhere.Last twice I stayed here I was given a key card to a room that had already got guests in it! HOW Embarrassing is that! NOT ONCE BUT TWICE! Seems if people arrive and are allocated a room at the front of hotel they complain and are given your room at the back hence the mix up.Also only stay here if you have English money? Whatever that may be???? I thought it was sterling same as what was used in Scotland &amp; Nothern Ireland. For some reason this hotels has found out that Scottish &amp; Nothern Ireland sterling is different from English sterlingso they only accept English sterling, confused? I thought sterling wassterling? I always wondered if this hotel could be charged for racisim? Anyway if you are English or have English money you will be fine once your room has been allocated and secured. If you are in your room put the lock on.Some restuarants across the road that are nice and also a wetherspoons(we have these in scotland too - amazing). Subway afood chain about 5 min walk and tube station about 8min walk.	
Dec 24 2007 	Good value for London	In terms of comparing this hotel to similar priced hotels in London then it is an excellent hotel to stay at. It is located in zone 2 for the tube and the nearest tube stop (Finchley Road) is just a 3-5 min walk away - turn left when you come up the steps from the tube, walk until the traffic lights after the O2 shopping centre, and the hotel is on the opposite side of the road. The rooms were the standard Holiday Inn Express, though I did have to ask for extra pillows as only one was provided per person (though the girl behind the desk had no problems with issuing extras).We had asked for a room at the back when we backed based on previous reviews and it was nice to see that this request had been fulfilled when we checked in. It is on a very busy road, so I would recommend other guests make the same request. Breakfast was a busy affair, which was not helped by the fact that all the food is in a little room which quickly got jammed up with people picking food, waiting for toast etc. This was the only thing that let the hotel down. Receptionists were all very helpful and would definitely stop here next time we are in London.	
Nov 18 2007 	Fantastic	Excellent reception area - bar, wide screen TVs, lounges.Fantastic breakfast buffet.Gorgeously refurbished modern rooms.Friendly staff.Good location - across the road from the train station. Can't find any faults with this hotel - 10/10	
Nov 10 2007 	great location clean but noisy if facing finchley road	Very modern hotel in great location, a couple of minutes walk from finchley road tube station - exit the tube station, cross the road, go left for about a minute and you've arrived! The hotel is opposite the O2 building which has a habitat, sainsbury's, nando's, books etc, an italian restaurant and a cinema amongst other eating places, so no shortage of places to eat. Also there is a Pizza Express about a minute down finchley road and a plethora of independent restaurants. After reading previous Tripadvisor reviews on here, I phoned the hotel on the evening before my arrival to request a room at the back as the front-facing rooms can be noisy but alas, I was placed in a front-facing room. It didn't bother me as I wear earplugs when sleeping anyway so the road traffic noise wasn't loud enough to be heard when wearing the earplugs, but it would probably bother those who are light sleepers or who aren't used to traffic noise.The hotel is immaculate and very modern. The service is friendly and efficient. The room was immaculate and was cleaned / provided with fresh towels for each day of my stay. There was a hair dryer and extra towels in the room. Hand wash / shower gel was provided but you would need to bring shampoo as this was not provided. The shower was great.Breakfast is a continental buffet style, so you can help yourself to croissants, yogurt, toast, cereals etc as much as you like. Tables get cleared away for you. Breakfast is on the ground floor near the lobby and it was a nice atmosphere having breakfast watching the news on the big plasma. As a hint though, if you are intending to drive to the hotel and need a parking space in the hotel car park, you need to phone the hotel beforehand to reserve a place. The cost is an extra £15 per night.To summarise - a modern, immaculate, basic hotel in a great location - the Express by Holiday Inn does what it says on the tin. It's very quick tube ride from finchley road to central london. The only thing is to try and reserve a room at the back. I'd definitely stay again and recommend it.	
Nov 9 2007 	Excellent	Perfect location near the Finchley Road Tube Station. Great service staff. Small rooms but OK. Make sure you ask for a room in the back. I understand the rooms facing the road can be noisy.O2 Center accross the street had everything we needed, moderately priced eating (Indian the best?), book store, super market etc. The neighborhood is very busy but probably reflective of middle class, student and imigrant life in London.Internet in the downstairs area only...comfortable. Good breakfast but very crowded area.	
Oct 23 2007 	comfortable	A clean and comfortable hotel located close to Finchley Road Tube station and on a main bus route allowing convenient access to Central London. Rooms at the front the hotel overlook a main road with heavy traffic passing from early to late, there is double glazing but this doesn't eliminate noise completely. Breakfast is of standard HI Express quality served in a small area next to the Bar.	
Oct 17 2007 	Decent Clean Hotel	We stayed in a family room for ten days in September. The room felt rather crowded but I guess that is normal for London. The bathroom was decent with a powerful shower. The hotel is a very short walk away from Finchley Road tube station which gets you to central London within 10-15 minutes. An added bonus is the O2 centre opposite with its big Sainsburys and the multiple restaurants. Eating out was never a problem.Breakfast was a rather basic continental one but was enough to get you going. Internet was not available and the daily paper delivery was quite erratic.All in all it was a satisfactory stay in a decent, clean basic hotel.	
Sep 28 2007	Nice hotel shabby service	Nice, modern hotel in great location (albeit on busy road) in North London. Small walk from Finchley Road tube on the Jubilee Line. Sainsburys, bars, shops, chain restaurants over the road.Rooms are standard Hiexpress quality, small bar downstairs and self-service buffet breakfast.Be warned - during my stay there was NO internet, telephone or movies! This seems to be a common theme on this thread.Didn't get my free newspaper due to a mix-up and staff were lazy, lazy, lazy. Don't expect any level of courtesy or service. Hotel manager wasn't even in during my entire stay so nobody to complain at.Only stay here if you're paying low rates.	
Sep 5 2007 	I would reccommend it!!	We stayed here for an overnight layover coming from the US on our way to Germany and on the way back. The hotel was clean and modern. It is about 100 meters from a Tube Station. It also has a pickup point directly in front of the hotel for the bus going to Stanstead Airport. The bus cost to the Stanstead airport was 20 pounds. The price of the hotel includes self-serve breakfast. Overall our American group liked the hotel and would stay here again. One note: If you are familure with the tube tickets they are priced by zone. This hotel is just outside of zone one so you must buy a zone 1 and 2 ticket to get to the hotel from victoria station which is where we arrived from Gatwick airport via the Gatwick express.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great Location and Great Hotel	Our family of 4 stayed here for a week. We requested rooms in the back of the hotel and they were fairly quiet. London was experiencing a bit of a heat wave and we had to open our windows at night and at times it was a little noisy, but not bad. We had 2 rooms on different floors as they could not get us 2 rooms near each other that were not facing the street. We felt that the hotel was very safe and we were not at all uncomfortable that our two teenagers were on a seperate floor. The breakfast was great. It is a close walk to the Finchley tube stop. The price was great for London. We would stay here again. The hotel helped us reserve a minivan and driver to take us back to Victoria station to catch the Gatwick Express. It was cheaper than taking a regular cab and they could accomodate our large suitcases.	
Sep 1 2007 	Predatory Pricing	While this hotel provides an acceptable level of accommodation and is in a good location I found the pricing policy unacceptable and predatory. I booked a room via the internet at he Holiday Inn Brent Cross at short notice as the result of a family illness but found that hotel to be too isolated and decided to move. Being a &quot;walk in&quot; at Swiss Cottage the price was a bit higher, especially later in the week on the night of an international soccer game at Wembley Stadium.I had to extend my stay by one night (Saturday) when my mother died and found that the price for the same small room had doubled to 189 pounds. I was in no state or position to move hotels. Again there was a sporting event at Wembley, rugby this time. I sincerely doubt that I had really been offered the &quot;last available room.&quot; This standards at this hotel are OK (though I didn't get my &quot;free&quot; newspaper on the weekend) but the pricing policy is predatory and unethical. The staff did not have the latitude or compassion to offer a more reasonable price for a customer in difficult and unusual circustances. The law of supply and demand took precedence over any other consideration.The rooms are definitely not worth 189 pounds and my initial experience with this hotel chain will be for ever coloured by the greed which it displayed. I will neither stay there again nor recommend it to anyone else.The hotel should develop a pricing policy for circumstances such as I have described.	
Jul 30 2007 	Great hotel in a perfect location - even for motorists	I needed to stay near central London but with an easy drive out of town since I had to go to Herfordshire on both weekend days. The Holiday Inn Swiss Cottage, near the centre of London on the A41 Finchley Road, but outside of the congestion zone, fitted the bill.I was not disappointed. Hotel was clean, rooms were comfortable and well designed, if a little small. Continental Breakfast was included in the price and there was a good selection. Staff were couteous and professional.There were plenty of facilities for shopping and dining along the Finchley Road and the underground was a few minutes away. At the weekend when I drove, I found myself at APEX corner in 20 minutes.Two notes of caution1 - I had a room overlooking the busy Finchley Road. You may need to close the window at night (use the air conditioning if it is hot) to drown out the noise. If you are a light sleeper, ask for a room facing the back.2 - If you drive, tell them in advance. They will reserve a spot for you in their very small car park behind the hotel. If you don't, you may be out of luck. Parking was 15 pounds - not bad for this area of London.I would certainly return when in London.	
Jul 23 2007 	Pleasant break at the inn	Stayed here for 3 nights in mid July. Found the hotel to be very modern, clean and quiet. The air conditioning was highly efficient and the options in the continental breakfast buffet to be plentiful. Only 5 minutes walk from Finchley Road tube station which is on the Jubilee and Metropolitan lines. All local amenities are nearby. The rooms are not massive but for the price in central London this is to be expected. Would most definately stay here again.	
Jul 21 2007 	Great Return to this Hotel!	After staying here in Sept. 2005, my husband and I decided to return for 6 nights in May 2007. We had previously booked our room for 76 GBP/night and found that the rates had increased to 93 GBP per night. Overall, we were still pleased with the value. Since our first few days were warm and we're accustomed to a/c, it was nice to stay in a hotel that has a/c. I forgot to request a room at the back of the hotel, and our room faced the street. We didn't notice much street noise, though I was woken briefly by a siren one night. Hotel staff was friendly and efficient and had our room available for us far before the check-in time.As before, the breakfast suited us perfectly, allowing us some options and variety during our week-long stay. We also appreciated the proximity to the Finchley Road tube station and to the plethora of bus stops just outside the hotel, taking a bus to Hampstead one day and in from Bond St. on another. The O2 Centre restaurants and the Pizza Express served us well for dinner (the Wetherspoons pub was particularly handy and delivered good value with a pleasant atmosphere).Overall, we were pleased with our stay and would be likely to return.	
Jul 13 2007 	Nice place	Stayed here for a couple of nights....hotels in London are expensive and this came in on the cheaper side! But it did the job just fine - the room wasn't that huge, there isn't a proper wardrobe, it can be a bit tricky where to put luggage etc. On the plus sides, there was no noise from other rooms, the room was clean and modernly decorated, bathroom was nice, great shower. Best thing about the hotel is it's location really, handy to get to the tube station and into the central area of London. Finchley Road is also a nice place, good vibe around. Staff were polite and friendly and got me two extra pillows (for some weird reason there was only one pillow on each bed and no extra ones in the room, similarly there could have been some more towels in the bathroom). Breakfast in the mornings is good too. Overall, good for value and had a good stay there.	
Jul 4 2007 	Great Hotel for the Money	We just returned from our European vacation and had an excellent stay at this hotel. The room was a little small for 3 people but was clean, well maintained and the staff very friendly and helpful. The location was great. Only a 5 min. walk to the London underground which took you to all the major attractions in 15-20 mins. We enjoyed the continental breakfast that was included in the room rate. It had choices of cereal, fruit, rolls, cheeses, coffee and juices. With it being so expensive in London, eating the breakfast helped to keep costs down.Do check out Nando's Grill across the street in the O2 center. The grilled chicken was excellent at a very reasonable price.I would highly recommend this hotel as you couldn't get better value for the money at under $200 a night. For London in the summer, this is very cheap. I originally booked a room in Central London for $200 night but after research through this site, found it was old and not in good condition. I cancelled after finding the Express at Holiday Inn-Swiss Cottage which received good reviews from this site. The reviews at trip advisor have been very helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2007 	Cannot fault this hotel. Perfect for visitors to London	As a couple we needed somewhere to stay which would allow easy access to Wembley stadium and to visit Londons main attractions the following day, with parking, and in a lively location, which was clean, modern and comfortable. This hotel was perfect. This hotel met every need i had and exceeded my expectations. The hotel was easy to find, although it is within the congestion charge zone, we did not have to pay because it does not operate on weekends. We paid £20 to park the car in the hotels garages which was a massive saving compared to parking accross the road at th O2 centre. To park there it was about £50 for 24hours i think! The reception staff were efficient, friendly and cheerful. I had asked at the time of booking for a room at the back as i had read on here that front rooms were noisy. We got a room on the top floor at the back. It was VERY quiet. Perfectly clean, modern, air conditionned, nice view to garden area, and most of all it was a very comfy undisturbed nights sleep.The nearest tube station is the Finchley Road stop which is on the Jubilee line. This was less than a 2 min walk away and from there you could be at any of the main london attractions within a few stops. Wembley took approx 5 stops and from there was a 10min signposted walk away. Ideal.We didnt have the breakfast but the facilities downstairs looked good, however the hotel is on a busy part of Finchley Road with many shops, bars, restaurants all around so you have loats of choice nearby.The staff let us pay a half day rate (£7) to leave our car in the garages for an extra 6hours the day we checked out which was very useful for us. And again a bargain compared to other parking prices nearby. this was a nice option to have.I will definitely return to this hotel the next time i go to London, regardless of the purpose of my visit, due to its perfect location, how easy it is to find, and the overall excellent package i got during my stay here.	
Jun 3 2007 	Fair	I've never stayed in this part of London before, but this time I wanted to give it a try after reading that it was an upcoming, safe area and this was a new and affordable hotel (we were three persons in the room and I did NOT want to end up in one of the old hotels in Paddington/Bayswater)The hotel : Nice start, were asked if I would prefer a later check out due to a card I had (nice surprise), had requested a room at the back (and got one).Room : Decent. Except for the extra bed (the sofa), that perhaps below the standard one excepts from a new hotel such as this one. &quot;Average London size&quot;, which means not very large, but not as small as the many more or less old, rebuilted ones downtown. Breakfast : Decent. Not spectacular, but choices enough. Sort of the standard HIE, I think. Location : Nice. Actually, I was quite surprised. 02 center right across from the hotel, but also a nice, safe area to walk around in. A few smaller shops here and there. Easy access to downtown (10min+ on the tube, not the busiest schedule, but worked fine for us. Both Oystercards on the local tube station, they were very helpful)But a busy road is just in front of the hotel (so get a room in the back).VERY convenient with the National Express stopping just ouside the O2centre (if you fly to/from Stanstead).I'm not sure if I'll stay there again, but have no problem recommending it.NB : Please note that the tube is FINCHLEY ROAD, not Finchley Central or east Finchley.	
May 31 2007 	Good value can be noisy	I stay here regularly when in London - even paying full rate, is very reasonable compared to hotels closer to the West End.A couple of minutes walk from Finchley Road tube station, or several buses stop almost outside going to Central London (or direct buses to Luton or Stansted Airports in the other direction). Safe, busy area with a large Sainsburys supermarket just over the street (open 6 a.m. til midnight), a cinema and some restaurants (Nandos, upmarket burgers, Starbucks, etc.). No restaurant in the hotel although free breakfast and a bar in the evening.Hotel is fairly new, rooms always clean and in good condition, air conditioned but this can be tempermental. Staff generally helpful.Main drawback is traffic noise for the rooms at the front - Finchley Road is very busy virtually 24 hours a day, so try to get a room at the back or consider earplugs.	
May 8 2007 	Stayed at Better	Nice clean hotel in a convenient spot near Finchley Road tube station and a bus stop.Don't make the mistake I did of getting off at Swiss Cottage tube station. Despite the name of the hotel, it is a good 10 min walk from that station. Finchley Road station is virtually across the road.The slightly overpriced wireless internet didn't work at all. It was a weekend when I stayed and was told that it wouldn't be fixed until the following Monday.Another downside. No fridge! I can understand not having a mini-bar available, but an empty fridge so I can stock up on midnight snacks/drinks would have been nice.There isn't even a vending machine in the lobby.On the upside, breakfast (largely cereal/bread/fruit) was free.	
Apr 14 2007 	Modern and clean	I live in the area and booked this hotel for family coming to visit. We like it because it's new, modern and clean. I recommend checking prices both on their website (which by the way has lots of photos) and calling the hotel directly, as in my case the price quoted by phone was lower than that on the internet. As others said, ask for a room at the back of the building. Also, for the same price some roomsare a bit more spacious than others. Another point to note are the low ceilings, but this wasn't a problem for us.My family had previously stayed at the Quality Hotel Hampstead, also in the area, and they found it ok but a bit old. If you can get them at the same price, the Holiday Inn has better rooms, however my guests preferred breakfast at Quality Hotel, as Holiday Inn has only a few dining tables and they didn't like having to sit on a sofa to eat their food.As others said, the O2 centre, just opposite the hotel, has a choice of restaurants, a supermarket, and a Starbucks. To get to the city centre, as a cheaper alternative to the underground, you can catch bus N.13 on Finchley Road, which goes to Oxford Street, Regent Street, Piccadilly Circus.	
Mar 28 2007 	good hotel good price review from monterrey mexico.	Antonio Pliego, Monterrey, Mexico we have stayed there twice now, the first time on december 2004 and then a year later on december 2005 and both times it was a very good choice, and better for the price. It is a good new and clean hotel with very friendly hotel staff, the rooms are quite small for america standards but you can still sleep very comfortable in the rooms, the hotel is very good located in front of the O2 shopping center mall which is very good cause you can shop, and eat in there a wide variety of options there, also cinema theatre there so plenty of entertainment. Theres even a Sainsbury supermarket in there so if you need to buy cheap things you can allways go there and save some money. For the transportation it couldnt be better cause in front of the hotel theres the swiss cottage tube station (subway) and bus stations as well. In all a very good choice if u want to save real money on your london stay and very conveniently located near a nice and posh neighborhood.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great hotel just north of Central London	I was very pleased with my stay at the Express by Holiday Inn - Swiss Cottage. The modern rooms were clean, and the road noise mentioned in other reviews wasn't an issue. When booking the room, we requested a room facing away from the street. This request was honored.The complimentary breakfast was fine (cereal, bread, juices, tea, coffee, etc), and we ate breakfast at the hotel every day.The tube is a three minute walk from the front of the hotel door (Finchley Road stop), which is about 15 minutes from central London.If you walk about 10 minutes to the south, there we ate at two very good restaurants near the Swiss Cottage tube stop. The first, Eriki (Indian, ----) , was very good and reasonably priced by London Standards. Dinner for two with one starter, two entrees, and two drinks came to about 38 pounds.For a cheaper meal, nearby Arabesque (Middle Eastern Food, on Winchester Rd.), was pretty good as well.I can't speak about the options at the O2 Centre across the street, but it seemed like typical &quot;mall food&quot; you can get almost anywhere.All in all, if I return to London I'd stay there again and look forward to it.	
Mar 6 2007 	Clean modern and convenient	Good clean, contemporary low frills hotel not far north of central London. Contemporarily designed breakfast room (incl.) features cereal, toast, pastries, yogurt and various drinks. Rooms are small but efficient, as is the bathroom. Only 2 minute walk to Finchley Road tube station (Metropolitan and Jubilee lines), which is only about 15 minutes to central London. Mall across the street with cinema, bookstore, grocery store (Sainsbury), and several restaurants (Italian, Chinese, Indian, burgers, chicken, and pub). Safe neighborhood with relatively heavy traffic; some other restaurants and shops. Good choice for tourists, families, as it's a bit less expensive than more central hotels, yet is clean, safe, efficient and modern.	
Nov 8 2006 	Very convenient London Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 1 night. It was very conveniently located, only a 2 min walk from Finchley Road Underground station (Jubilee Line). Shops/bars etc opposite the hotel. The room was very clean and comfortable. Only problem being we were in a room at the front of the hotel, and as other reviewers have said it is quite noisy, esp. for a new hotel (better sound proofing needed!). It didn't matter too much to us as we were only there 1 night, and got back quite late, but definitely request a room at the back!All in all very good esp for under £100/night.	
Oct 6 2006 	Clean Hotel in a Good Area	This Hotel is certainly value for money. It is Bright, Clean, Comfy Beds and the Staff are Excellent, check in hassle free. We had a problem with the original room that we were allocated and upon receiving our complaint, a member of staff got straight to resolving our problem quickly. I do recommend that if you book this hotel through the HI Express website, request a room to the rear of the Hotel, the noise level is to a minimum. The front of the hotel is situated right at the Traffic Lights on the main Finchley Road and can be noisy. The room an average size, was cleaned daily with fresh towels, there is also Tea/Coffee facilities &amp; Breakfast is continental. there is also plenty of brochure information that you can uplift about the Underground Bus Routes and Trains to the Airports. The number 13 Bus Stop is outside the main door and will take you to Trafalgar Square via Baker/ Oxford Street and passes Lords Cricket Ground and Regents Park for London Zoo. The O2 centre across the street is superb, plenty of places to eat plus a Gym,Cinema &amp; large book store &amp; there is a Sainsburys/Waitrose Grocery Store close by. The underground is served by the Metropolitan and Jubilee Lines - Good Service direct to Central London via Baker Street, Journey time around 15Minutes, ideal for Paddington Station where you can connect to the Heathrow Express. I also recommend the London Pass to include the Travelcard not just great but terrific value for money. Would we return to this hotel........definately.	
Sep 25 2006 	Very clean!	The hotel was very easy to find, and it's very close to the tube station at Finchley Road. It's also extremely close to the National Express bus stops (if you were to go to Stansted or Luton airports). Right across the street was a mall with a lot of restaurants, a Sainsbury's, and a book store. Definitely try eating at Cumin - great Indian food. The hotel room was extremely clean, and after a very long flight...the sight of it made us tear with joy! haha. The room was very well air-conditioned, and the entire building just looked so clean and technologically advanced. Beds were comfortable, and bathroom clean (they had shampoo/soap dispensers). The bathroom door was very cool - it had a dual function, where it either closed off the entire bathroom, or just the toilet area...which would let others use the sink/shower while you're using the toilet. At night, you definitely hear the traffic noise outside, and a surprising amount of cars pass by. But this didn't bother us (3 of us) since we're pretty heavy sleepers. I can't comment on the breakfast because we left really early to catch a flight. Definitely would stay here again.	
Aug 21 2006 	Tourist Alert! Clean bright budget hotel in London!	This sparkling, modern, well-located hotel was one of the reasons we enjoyed our August trip to London. (Well, the mercifully cool weather was also a factor allowing unlimited sightseeing. But the hotel is fully air conditioned . A must for summer trips to London.) We had a family room for 4 nights, £89 per night, under 500 Euro for the whole trip. Brilliant high season value. We were 2 adults and 2 kids, one aged 17 in one family room. Sounds crowded, but somehow the room layout, sparkling decor and general.ambience created a sense of well being and comfort. If ,like us, you are no longer prepared to rough it but refuse to pay a king's ransom for a few nights in London (all the other hotels we contacted insisted on a full price second room for our 17 yr old) then book this hotel. Its beside the tube and beside the drop off point for National Express coaches to and from Stansted. We knew where we were going so had little contact with staff, but they were extremely friendly. Our luggage was stored after checkout, an evening flight allowing an extra day sightseeing. Our kids loved the O2 centre across the road with its great value Pizza Hut. We found the food stodgy and would have preferred a better choice of restaurants, but if your kids are like ours, always howling for pizza or hamburger, you can feed them cheaply here. There is a pretty bar in the hotel for a nightcap.Farewell to grim, depressing budget hotels! This is a find.	
Aug 14 2006 	Avoid front rooms at all cost	Have just paid £109.50 (plus £15 hotel parking) for the worst nights sleep of my life. Before booking for this hotel confirm with them that you want a rear room. We stayed in room 214 which faces the main road. The hotel is at a crossroad junction. ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT you have vehicle noise compounded by braking noise and reving-up to pull away from the traffic lights. Fortunately the hotel is new so cleanliness was first-rate, the bathrooms are large and clean, this was a blessing as I resorted to sleeping in there for a few hours. The staff are friendly and apologized about the noise, I understand that its not their fault as they didn't build the place. I also understand and expected the place to be just a little above the standard of a Travel Inn or Premier Lodge hotel. I won't be staying there again.	
Jul 10 2006	Very nice hotel	This hotel is very new and modern and thus sparkling clean. The O2 Centre across the street has a movie theater, a bunch of restaurants and a supermarket. The Finchley Road Tube station is a block away.Staff was very welcoming and understanding. In-room wired Internet access was 7.50 GBP. There is an Internet cafe nearby.	
Jul 4 2006 	Reasonable value business hotel	I had two days in London to ensure my holiday in France could become a business trip and booked this hotel so I could spend an evening with friends in nearby Hampstead. It was just fine for a standard business hotel but I was only staying there becuase of location.	
May 24 2006	We liked a lot	I'm Italian and I've been in London last week with my girlfriend. We read a lot of reviews on this site and we chose the Express By Holiday Inn. The hotel is very very confortable, very clean and everything worked fine. My room was very big (especially the bathroom) and the price (224 pounds for three nights, booked through internet) was really reasonable. It seemed to me that the photos on the site weren't nice like the room in fact is, so I took another picture. The staff is kind and helpful.Continental breakfast (served till eleven!) was good and enough.In front of the hotel there's a big shopping center that's a good place to go when you need something (anyway subway stop finchley road is at three minutes by walk). No probs to reach the hotel in the night (this area seems to be quite safe).The only negative point I can underline it's that the hotel is in zone two so you need a travelcard for the zones one and two at least and more or less 20 minutes to reach the center (piccadilly, trafalgar etc.). That's why I don't advise this hotel to that people who wants to be free to reach the hotel many times a day.At the opposite I really advise the express holiday inn to all the others (at the same rate naturally).I definitively will came back here another time.ByeTrella	
May 3 2006	Ideal for short break in London	Really enjoyed our recent 3 day break in London and much of this was as a result of booking into this convenient and clean hotel. We booked ahead &amp; paid £79 for a twin. The hotel has an attractive, fresh decor - photos posted are exactly what we got. Plenty of storage &amp; comfy beds. Continental help yourself breakfast had plenty of choice &amp; fresh foods.Yes it's on a busy road so traffic can be noisy at rush hour (wear ear plugs if you're a light sleeper). I booked the hotel for its location &amp; didn't expect to hear birds tweeting. The 2 minute walk to the tube was ideal. The O2 centre opposite is packed with a range of restaurants - this is ideal if you don't want to pay London prices for food&amp;drink or don't fancy a late night return on public transport. All you can eat buffet at China Red for under £10 and the usual dependable Wetherspoons kept us happy! The option to store luggage gave us an extra half day in London city. The staff were great - polite &amp; helpful at all times. Even when I phoned the night before to change the booking.	
Apr 18 2006	Beware where you park!	We have just stayed in this Holiday Inn as a family of 4. Location of hotel is very good, only a minutes walk to Finchley Road tube station on the Jubilee line which had a very frequent service. Room a bit squashed for 4 but at the price still very good value and very clean. Staff friendly. Breakfast buffet good, kids loved it. Supermarkets and restaurants on your doorstep.But BEWARE if you are bringing your car. Do not leave your car unattended while checking in. The hotel has a very small car park you can get into if not full to unload. More permanent parking is available at a nearby supermarket at reasonable cost. We made the costly mistake of leaving the car on the road beside the car park while we spent 5 minutes or so checking in. In that short time the car was clamped and on the point of being towed away. This proved to be very costly and we are following it up with the clamping company. The lesson learnt is do not leave the car unattended if not in the official car park.Otherwise a great location for a London holiday.	
Apr 17 2006	Almost Flawless Experience	LOVE this hotel! If the windows didn't allow so much street noise in and the late morning/early afternoon staff was a little less clueless, it would have been a 5!Clean rooms, albeit a little small, clean, nice bathroom. Double bed can be split into 2 singles. Has internet access, but is not included in the room rate. Such a great location; less than a block from the Finchley Road tube station. A quarter of a block from the National Express bus pickup to Stansted airport. A mall with Sainsbury's, bars, and restaurants across the street. They will hold luggage for you, which helped us when we just got in from a transatlantic flight.Would definitely stay here again. Great place.	
Apr 1 2006	fabulous	My sister and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights.Everything was clean, neat and tidy. As the hotel isn't very old there's almost no signs of it being worn down. The interior is modern and looks really good. The breakfast- and all other areas had modern design furnitures and surroundings. The breakfast was good as well. Although limited options, good enough. a mini-box of cereal and a whole-wheat roll is good enough for me in the mornings. They also had fresh fruit, all sorts of coffe and teas and also some &quot;cakes&quot;.The room we stayed in was a good size bedroom. We were meant to be 3 people travelling and had asked for a triple bed-room. Even though the 3rd person cancelled we got the triple bed-room. Although if we were to be 3 people staying in this room, the space would have been cramped. Lovely and clean bathroom with a lovely shower with actual water-pressure where you don't have to stand for 20 minutes trying to get the shampoo rinsed out..Absolutely recommend this hotel!! And will stay there next time I go to London as well :)	
Feb 10 2006	what a change for the good		
Dec 28 2005 	Impressed		
Dec 13 2005	Great Launch Pad in London		
Dec 1 2005 	It's what you've come to expect...		
Nov 20 2005	Clean and affordable!		
Oct 30 2005	Good modern hotel		
Oct 2 2005	A modern clean great value London Hotel		
Sep 29 2005	Great value for money in london!		
Jun 19 2005	Excellent deal		
May 20 2005	Perfect hotel for visiting London!		
Nov 26 2009 	Zentral gelegen		
Nov 10 2009 	Gute Leistung für einen guten Preis		
Nov 5 2009 	Bestes Preis-/Leistungsverhältniss		
Oct 13 2009 	Atención excelente limpieza y buena ubicación.		
Aug 2 2009 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Jul 28 2009 	Una scelta azzeccata semplice e pratico !!!		
Jul 22 2009 	??????		
Jul 9 2009 	Na ja ...		
Jul 6 2009 	Una estancia estupenda a muy buen precio		
Jun 24 2009 	Pulito e logisticamente perfetto		
May 31 2009 	Hotel super!		
May 31 2009 	Hotel Moderno A Buen Precio Y A Pocas Paradas De Metro Del Big Ben		
May 16 2009	Klimaanlage defekt - Fenster nicht zu öffnen - keinerlei Belüftung-		
Apr 6 2009 	Nulla da eccepire.		
Feb 16 2009 	Tolles Hotel		
Feb 3 2009 	Muy buena relacion precio calidad ubicación		
Oct 29 2008 	????????		
Oct 16 2008 	Ottima scelta: Pulito e ben servito		
Aug 26 2008 	Notevole.		
May 2 2008 	Voyage familial de quelques jours		
Nov 5 2007 	Davvero Ottimo ve lo consiglio!!!		
Sep 1 2007 	Superiore alle aspettative - bella la doccia.		
Jun 25 2007 	Un buon punto di partenza per visitare Londra		
May 25 2007 	Sehr schönes Hotel		
Sep 1 2006 	Sehr empfehlenswert!		
May 1 2006	Muy buen hotel		
