	Amazing view! Great location! Friendly service!	Stayed over in this hotel before heading off to Paris on the Eurostar for our honeymoon! I'll be honest - we were on a bit of a budget and this was the cheapest 4* hotel I could find within walking distance of St Pancras - I was not expecting much at all. The staff were very friendly when we checked in, and the hotel was very clean and well presented. Our bed was HUGE and very comfortable indeed, BUT THE REALLY AMAZING THING WAS THE VIEW!!! We were on the 14th floor with a direct view out over the London Eye. The way that the hotel is organised means that pretty much all of the rooms have brilliant views out over London, we had not booked a special room or been upgraded at all. Excellent value for money - and a wonderful start to a wonderful holiday!	
Nov 24 2009 	Nice location nice room	I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel.This hotel is so close to King's cross station, and it is very easy to access many places in London.We used Eurostar to go to Paris, so it really helped.The hotel looks older than it's website(it's not a surprising thing), but it is clean and comfortable enough, considering the rate of this hotel(Off course, it's not cheap, but it's in London, anyway..).The room is very spacy(we stayed 2 singlebedd room) and clean.And the breakfast is very nice.I would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great base for everywhere in London	Very handy for Euston Station - clean, modern rooms, great bath and shower - £14.99 for 24 hour internet and movie package. Great breakfast buffet - although no ramp entrance - had to lift luggage up the stairs. Quick check-in/check-out.	
Nov 17 2009 	......okay but lacked some polish.....and someone had been smoking in there.	We stayed at the Novotel because of its proximity to the Eurostar station, and it was very convenient for this reason. Our room, an Executive, was spacious and mostly quite clean. However, there were some details that were a bit disconcerting: the sink did not drain properly, taking about 5-10 minutes to empty, the desk lightbulb was burnt out, the shower leaked water all over the floor, not enough toilet paper, only one pair of slippers, no face cloths. Some of these items were given to us upon asking, but it appeared that the room had not been inspected after the last occupants. There was also a distinct smell of cigarette smoke in the room, though it was not terribly noticeable after being in the room for a time ..... still, it was bothersome upon entering. Even with all these things, we were quite comfortable, and the central location of the hotel made it seem okay.	
Nov 15 2009 	Eurostar getaway	We decided to stay at the Novotel London St Pancras for a Saturday night in Oct 09 - with the choice being made purely for it's proximity to the Eurostar terminal.  We were not disappointed as the hotel is about a mere 400 metre walk to the station, which helped our journey to Paris off to a super smooth start. The room was very large (for London) and had everything that one could want - TV, mini bar, great shower etc. Beds were very comfortable and the room was quiet (despite overlooking Euston Rd). Staff were friendly enough - I had a few laughs with the cockney receptionist at 5am - it was nice to find a Londoner working in London. The only slight disappointment was when we wanted to leave some luggage overnight. They said it was not possible and that there was a left luggage depot at St Pancras. Fair enough I suppose, but I have been to numerous hotels were this request has been accommodated so I know it's not impossible.It's often said there are two types of hotels in London - cheap or clean. The Novotel London St Pancras is clean and an ideal hotel for a Eurostar trip.	
Nov 14 2009 	Noisy and inefficient booking procedure	If using this hotel I would suggest you request - insist on a room at the back of the hotel on a high floor. We were placed in a smoking room on the first floor - despite requesting a non-smoking room. It stank and they claimed they had no other room available. But beware worse than the smell were the sirens - ambulance we think - that continually sound all night. I even resorted to buying ear plugs but still could hear them all night. Worse noisy room I have ever experienced.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great hotel for a weekend in London!	Arrived at St Pancras for a 1 night stay. Hotel was very easy to find and very impressive to look at. Stayed in a room on the 9th floor, with a great view of London and the London Eye. Had to keep the window closed as Euston Road is very busy and noisy, but this didin't bother us. Beds were very comfy, and plenty of channels tgo choose from on the TV. Breakfast was very good, one of the best I have had in a London hotel. Quite expensive but free for kids, so that made it good value for us. Just accoss the road was a Pizza Express and a Starbucks so didn't need to venture far for lunch. Lots of buses take you all over London, and only a 5 minute walk from Euston or Kings Cross tube stations. Will definitely stay again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location and good value.	My wife and I stayed here overnight prior to travelling by Eurostar. The location is excellent - convenient for Underground and both Euston and Kings Cross main-line stations. Staff were friendly and efficient, and the room was spacious, with good quality furniture and fittings. It was a bit pricey - £130, excluding breakfast, and that was the no-frills, no-refunds rate, but I'd recommend, particularly if you are travelling by Eurostar the next day.Re comments from other reviewers, the lifts were all working when we were there, but were quite slow. Our room was to the back, so while the view wasn't great - we had no problems at all with noise.	
Oct 30 2009	Not up to standard ...	I‘ve stayed at a few Novotels in different parts of the world in recent months and hold an Accor frequent guest card. I have to say, though, that the Novotel – St. Pancras really doesn‘t match up to the others.We were planning a long weekend vacation and after a great deal of investigation selected the Novotel St. Pancras based on a combination of location, facilities, price and past experience of the chain.Booking about two months in advance we got a good prepaid rate of GBP 128 (USD 210) per night including breakfast and taxes for a twin room. We arrived on Friday 23 October about 30 minutes before the advertised earliest check-in time of 14:00 and were received without question. The process was efficient and we were quickly on our way to the elevator.The room was on the small side, particularly when compared to Novotels in other countries, but then this is London where anything larger than a broom cupboard is a bonus! But, the fixtures and fitting did rather leave something to be desired.Only one chair was provided, which doubled for the desk and as an easy chair – surely an oversight for a twin-bedded room? The desk was clearly intended only to be that – no mirror was provided for make-up and hair. And why, or why, do so many hotels insist on glass topped desks, without providing a mouse-pad? A mini-bar contained a small selection of soft drinks and beers but provided hardly any cooling. The complimentary tea &amp; coffee facilities were barely adequate, but we had brought our own supplies. TV, movies and Internet were available individually, or in a “special offer“ package at GBP 14,99 for 24 hours, probably about the going rate. The bottom of three drawers in the wardrobe could not be opened as it fouled the door frame, reducing space to a bare minimum. Coat hangers were provided, but no skirt hangers – despite apparently sincere attempts by housekeeping to locate some. The bathroom was small, but by no means the smallest I have seen in London – reasonable shelf space and a combined bath / shower. Amenities were minimal – soap, conditioning shampoo, shower gel. Why have so many hotels stopped providing separate shampoo and conditioner? No shower cap, no body lotion ... and no face cloths, the first Novotel in which I have stayed where the latter are not provided!We had a mid-afternoon snack on room service shortly after our arrival – promptly delivered, of good quality and reasonably priced, so no complaints there. We ate breakfast on our first and last days, and it was substantial – a wide selection and very well presented. The queue on the Sunday morning was simply too long, so we ate elsewhere. We didn‘t otherwise use the dining facilities. A compact but well equipped gym is provided and includes a sauna and a steam-bath; kudos here!One of the three elevators was out of action for much of our stay which resulted in some rather lengthy waits at peak times.We requested a late check-out and were offered this complimentary until 16:00 which was a little too early for us; I willing paid a charge for a 18:00 check out which was smooth and efficient.Overall, I felt that I was in a 2-3 star hotel rather than a 4 star. The location is good – taxis are easy to find, and there are a multiplicity of Underground lines at Kings Cross / St. Pancras and at Euston, the hotel being roughly equidistant between the two.But, next time I shall pay more and stay at a genuine 4 star hotel !	
Oct 30 2009 	Smart and adequate	Does a good job with the limited space in a London hotel. Rooms efficient and compact but not over roomy like many U.S. hotels. Was on a lower floor - late night noise from pub next door. Go higher and away from corner with Chalton St.	
Oct 20 2009 	Ideal for an early Eurostar departure	We stayed here for a night before taking an early Eurostar train to Paris and would do so again. Novotels seem to be pretty reliable - clean, comfortable, spacious and good value if you take their pre-paid rate offer, as we did. They gave us three rooms for our party of 7, with 2 interconnecting as we had requested, although they won't allocate rooms until you arrive, so we did take a chance that the'd be able to do this for us.The location is great for St Pancras/King's Cross, but is also not too far from the British Museum, British Library, Bloomsbury, so there is plenty to do if you are staying longer, although some way from the West End.My onyl gripe would be that the rooms on the front of the hotel overlooking Euston Road aren't too well insulated against sound, so traffic noise will be a problem for you if you are a light sleeper. there did seem to be rooms to the rear of the hotel so it may be worth asking for one of those.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Value London hotel	Booked as a last minute overnight stay with my Mum in law and we found this hotel to be excellent value, conveniently located to tube and train stations and spotlessly clean with a newly refurbished room and bathroom. The staff were professional and very polite and helpful at all times and, as two female travellers, we felt very safe staying here .	
Oct 9 2009 	Fine for a short stay	The hotel is a standard business hotel conveniently located for major rail stations (King's Cross, St Pancras) and the Eurostar terminal. Rooms are fine for a short stay and the service and food in the restaurant are good. Hotel is also well located for many tourist attractions in central London (British Museum etc). The hotel is located on a very busy and noisy street so ask for a high floor room if you are at all disturbed by traffic noise.	
Oct 7 2009 	GREAT LOCATION !	We stayed here a few days in September 2009. The reason we picked this location was because it was close to the Eurostar St Pancras Station. The hotel is pleasant, has a safe, very convenient - steps to Underground and St Pancras and bus stops. The staff was friendly, however, when we asked for restaurant recommendations in the area - they sent us to Covent Gardens (which was far), but generally a great room. The only negatives are the bathroom. The shower is poorly designed without a curtain but a small divider which does nothing to prevent water from pouring down onto the floor. And the shower is higher up a little - not for seniors or children (actually kinda dangerous). The drain in the shower was also slow and felt plugged up, both rooms we were in had the same problem. The WiFi is also expensive $ 14.99 (i think this is geared towards business travelers)	
Oct 6 2009 	wow	Only stoped here for 1 night on the way back from our hols but would have liked to have stayed here longer. The room was of such a high standard for a London hotel, only £109 for 1 night - bargain. The room was really nice with modern decor and layout. Bed was so comfy. Kettle with all associated equipment was appreciated. Bathroom was very modern and had a great huge bath tub (as well as a shower. Room was a good size. Overall it was brill and I will definately be going back. Only downside was the noise from the road below, and the bar man who said it was too late to make us the couple of cocktails we wanted. Though the bar was still open, I just think that he couldn't be bothered - do they want your money or not?. However, determined we did have our cocktails the next day and it was worth the wait (I recommend the lollipop, yum yum. Great location, great room and exellent value.	
Oct 5 2009 	Perfect Location	The hotel's location is excellent. It's just some minutes away from St. Pancras station where there is access to London Underground and Eurostar service to Paris and Brussels. So it's perfect for travelers arriving from continental Europe by train as there's no need to take a taxi. You can reach all important sights within some minutes by tube. There are also many restaurants and cafés near the hotel.For a London hotel our room was very big and comfortable but it was also very loud as it faced busy Euston Road. I would recommend to ask for a quieter room on the other side of the building. The room was in a good condition except for my mattress which was already worn out. The only thing I missed in the room was a second seat.The quality of the buffet breakfast was very good. The choice was also good but I wouln't have paid 15 £ for the buffet if it wasn't included in my room rate.The staff was friendly and helpful and there were no problems at check-in or check-out.	
Oct 4 2009 	Very Convenient	Stayed for 3 nights over the weekend in a standard double room. Arrived at about 12 noon on Saturday and was told that our room would only be ready at 2pm which was the official check-in time. Explained our situation to the guy at the check-in and he promptly found us a room in 10 minutes so it was a really good start. The room was adequate, nothing luxurious but good and clean enough. The best thing about this hotel is the location. Everyone has already mentioned its proximity to the St Pancras &amp; Kings Cross station but this hotel is also within walking distance to the Euston station and bus terminal. Stayed at Hilton Euston last year but definitely prefer the Novotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Location and Great Staff	Had 3 nights at the Novotel St Pancras and was very impressed. The location is less than a 5 minute walk to King Cross station to connect with the Eurostar to France and other destinations. The service from the front desk staff was excellent.Queries about buses and tube destinations was explained in detail without any concerns ...Very professional staff.The room was of a high standard with coffee/tea facilities,clean and new furnishings and a comfortable bed.There is of course internet in the room at a charge...BUT if you went downstairs you could connect FREE to the British Museum which is next door if you have WIFI on your laptop. Found the hotel easily as on the Piccadilly Line on the tube...Would stay here again for sure...	
Sep 22 2009 	central and adequate	The Novotel St Pancras is only a block away from the station where my Eurostar was coming in. So, it was very central. The rooms ware large and clean and although the hotel is situated directly at Euston Road, there is no incoming sound from the traffic. In the neighbourhood there are many restaurants, pubs and places where you can have breakfast, so don't go for the very expensive breakfast the hotel offers. They charge about 15 Ponds while you can have a good breakfast for a third of that price in more than a dozen places in less than a 10 minutes walk. On arrival it was a pity that although we had specifically asked for a twin room with two beds, we got a room with one bed. When we went down to reception, we were told that the room also had a sofa-bed. Well, that sofa was about 1 meter and fifty centimeters long and unless you are a small child, there is no way you can sleep in that. And the fact that there were no blackets or pillows on the &quot; sofa bed&quot; was a giveaway that the primary function of the sofa wasn't a bed, but a couch. We told the receptionist that we would't accept the room and wanted the room that we had booked. She tried to convince us with the argument that it was a very large room on a top floor, but when that didn't work, a sigh followed that wasn't very professional and she finally gave in and gave us our twin. Another negative thing was that they kept adding the breakfast to our online bill as displayed on our television. Every day we had to go down and explain that we didn't use the breakfast in the hotel because of the above mentioned reason and then it would be taken of the acount, but having to repeat that step every day was a bid frustrating and time-consuming. For the rest the hotel was alright for a short stay. No swiming pool, but a lot of London city hotels, even the four star one, don't have one. If the trouble at the reception and the mix-up over the billing of breakfast hadn't occured, I would have rated this review with four stars instead of three. I do think that the hotel is worth the money and when in London will visit it again.	
Sep 22 2009 	No issues	This hotel is fine if you are spending most of your time out and about, however it is not very close to the tourist spots. Located a couple blocks away from St. Pancra/Kings Cross station.Rooms were fine and clean; although showing some wear - cracked tiles in bathroom and chipped furniture but nothing that would put one off.Booked on Expedia.ca for $157 Cdn/night - not bad all things considered.	
Sep 21 2009 	Really nice hotel clean close to stations what more could you ask for?	We got the hotel for a discounted rate of £298 for three nights on booking.com, still quite expensive but thats what you pay for a four star hotel in central London. Room was huge with a nice flat screen tv, huge bed, iron, safe etc. Staff were friendly and room was cleaned every day. The only bad things I have to say are that:I hated the bathroom door- it was made from frosted glass which means anybody in the room with you could see you on the toiletThe road outside was very busy at night so it was best not to open the window but there's an air conditioning fan so that wasnt really a problem.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good rooms great location great breakfast	I stayed at the Novotel St Pancras with my father in February. We had landed into Heathrow quite early in the morning, and despite arriving at the hotel at around 9.30am, our room was ready. Felt great to have a shower and a rest after flying all the way from Adelaide!Unfortunately Qantas managed to lose dad's luggage, but the staff at the hotel were very helpful. They kept in contact with the airline, organised its delivery, and upon returning to our room after a day out, the suitcase was there in our room. They really went above and beyond to help us out!One of the best things about this hotel is the location. The Heathrow Connect took us to Paddington, and then we had to catch the underground to Kings Cross St Pancras. But this hotel is basically a block away from the station. There's heaps of underground lines that run through it, so you can get almost anywhere in London, and you also have the Eurostar and Gatwick Express. It's close to Euston Station and being on Euston Road there's a myriad of buses to choose from. We're keen walkers and so we went along Euston Road and then down Tottenham Court Road to Oxford St. I would say it's about 20-30 minutes' walk but you could take public transport there too. It was also quite easy to walk to the British Museum as well.The room was medium-sized and comfortable. The hotel has obviously been renovated recently, because the bathroom was very slick and shiny. If you do want to stay at this hotel, then make sure you get breakfast included, because that's fantastic. There are hotel breakfasts, and then there's the Novotel St Pancras breakfast. I've never tried a buffet breakfast with such a variety of foods. They even have probiotic yoghurt!There are a couple computers in the lobby that you have to pay to use - unlike other Novotel hotels, where there are iMacs with free internet. The British Library is across the street and you can sign up to use their wireless internet for free, if you have a Wi-Fi device with you.	
Sep 20 2009 	Awesome location if you're coming in from the rail station and leaving again from it. Other than that.. kinda pricey	We did a 1.5 day in London from Paris during our European vacation. This location was awesome because it's very very very convenient to the rail station and Tube (and this Tube location is like the hub for most of the lines and you can go anywhere in the city from here. The hotel itself is nice, Nice huge fancy lobby with a busy bar scene, 16 plus floors of rooms with a neat view of the city. Room is very clean, Great size, Modern and rennovated design with flat screen and looks higher end. Honestly though this place is pretty darn expensive. I splurged since I didn't know what to expect and couldn't find anything else decent near the train station. I feel like the location was key to me banging out this city in a day and a half.	
Sep 12 2009	if your disabled do not stay at this hotel	I phoned this hotel prior to my stay to ask about facilities for the disabled and was assured that showers were accessible with roll in roll out facilities what they didn't say was that shower chairs were not provided and as there were no handgrips and a large warning sisn advising that the floor tiles were very slippery when wet I was not able to use the shower during my stay I .Due to lack of room beside the bed on both sides it was not possible to get a wheelchair beside the bed to enable you to get in it the only way of doing this was to get in at the foot of the bed and crawl up it to the other end .This room was one of the hotels accessible rooms intended for disabled travellers but apart from being a large room was not at all suitable.A letter to the manager pointing out the problems and suggestions as to how to overcome the problems at minimal expense did not even get an acknowledgement.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nothing special	The hotel is very conveniently placed, especially if you are taking the Eurostar.It is clean but somehow reminded me of an airport departure launge. Not much character.Also, staff were indifferent to say the least.This hotel is ok if you manage to get a good deal but don't expect anything out of the ordinary.	
Sep 5 2009 	Clean Hotel but indifferent service	We stayed there for 2 nights from the Aug 16-18. Our bid was won through Priceline at around US$110 which was a decent price. The hotels location is also near the St Pancras Eurostar station that bring us to Paris which was extremely convenient. The tube station is just before that Eurostar station. We arrived at about 8am in the morning. We weren't offered any early check-in even though we just flew 13 hours to London. Service at the counter was also alittle cold as I guess the staff were waiting to change shifts. The hotel room was big and nice with views of the Eurostar Station and of the London suburbs. Most major attractions are a few tube stops away so I wouldn't recommend if it you as a primary base. We had to catch 0655 train to Paris hence it worked in our favor. Checking out was the same brisk indifferent affair. Overall the room was nice but the service was indifferent... Room for improvement.	
Sep 1 2009 	Terrific place to stay!	We loved this hotel, an excellent location, three big train stations close by so that you could Tube just about everywhere with no problem. The hotel bar was great, and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. The breakfast was 15 pounds, too pricey for us oldies, but there is a Pret a Manger right across the street with some very good (and healthy) breakfast choices. And don't forget Mabels Tavern, also across the street on Mablethorpe Road but down a little, a very nice quiet...now smokefree!...pub with excellent ales!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fab Hotel!	From the moment my black cab pulled up at the Novotel, the porter was outside my door and carried my bags into the lobby. The staff were professional in their demeanor and super friendly at the same time. Easy swipe card access to the room, which was small-medium size. Flat screen television, controlled room temperature and a mini bar – which unfortunately didn’t work. We informed the staff who arranged for repair/replace. Luckily there was an ice room on level 9. The hotel is located in a great position – close to St Pancras International and Kings Cross Tube. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel before catching the Eurostar. Great Location Friendly Staff and very clean. Would recommend.	
Aug 14 2009 	great location an OK hotel	This is one of the large, chain hotels. There's nothing particularly bad or good in there. I can agree with other opinions in the following:- no need to eat in (breakfast seems too expensive) in the neighbourood you can easily have good breakfast for 6-8 GBP, instead of 15 GBP.- the rooms are called 'superior' but they are quite small, perhaps you should take the 'executive' to feel the difference and some more space.Finally, the reception staff is indeed not really well trained and not too cooperative. At the beginning they tried to 'convince' me that I booked two rooms and then since I checked-in after 2 p.m. I should pay for two rooms. Yet, I managed to 'convince' them to check it again carefully and finally they abandoned this silly idea.The reality was that I did do two reservations: first for the weekend and then another one for the consecutive Mon-Tue as I was staying over on business. Of course, they didn't take a note on this, once they understood this intricacy and should I have not reminded them on Sun evening they would have probably cleaned my room Mon morning and not allow me to stay in the same room.At the end of the stay, I filled in the customer '(dis)satisfaction' questionnaire where I described the above and to my great surprise, I got a letter of apology in a week or so.I don't discourage anyone from staying there as in general it is an OK hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Standard	You can expect standard services and equipments for hotels of £100 or so. The room was larger than Ibis, similar to Holiday Inn. We had 2 twin rooms for 4 people, one room had free bottled water but one did not. I asked the front if all the room could have free water but he said no. What was that bottled water?Thinking of some cases that we cannot even have a standard service in the UK, I rate this hotel as &quot;not bad&quot;. But there should be some better hotels in London.	
Aug 6 2009 	weekend break	cant fault the hotel, got a bargain break for the weekend £99 per night including breakfast plus a free upgraded room when we got there. ideal location if travelling by train to euston, less than 5 minutes walk. some nice bars in area. 5 minute walk to St Pancras underground so you can go sight seeing, best hotel in the area. will be staying again	
Aug 5 2009 	Deserves five stars!	Our family of 11 stayed in 6 rooms, for 4 nights. The hotel was perfect in every way: Convenient location for trains and buses, friendly, informative and efficient hotel staff, comfortable, pleasant, spotlessly clean, quiet rooms with very good facilities, super showers, nice views, good air condition, laundry and room-cleaning service, good internett possibilities, well functioning lifts, exceedingly tasteful furnishing and layout thoughout whole hotel - and a pleasant atmosphere everywhere.	
Aug 3 2009 	No friendly staff	This hotel is great but the staff is not friendly They are very detached. Wrong information about taxi fares .Just not the treatment that you would expect in a 4 star hotel. They should teach their staff how to be friendly!	
Jul 31 2009 	Great location - no need to eat at the hotel	Stayed here for a week with my husband. Hotel is in a brilliant location - right between Kings Cross and Euston Stations. Plenty of bus lines pass right by front of hotel if you're not that keen on the Tube. Buy an Oyster card - they're worth their weight in gold! Right next door to the British Library (definitely worth a look while you're there!)No need to eat at the hotel, especially breakfast which is close on GBP15.00, when around the corner you can get eggs, beans, bacon, toast and tea/coffee for GBP3.95. Not the prettiest of breakfasts, but enough to fill you up for the day. So many places to eat across the road from the hotel, around the corner, or within a block: Pret A Manger, Starbucks, Pizza Express, The Euston Flyer and O'Neill's directly opposite, with The Rocket (pub) on the corner, Bella 2 down Chalton Road and Mabel's Tavern within a small block (about 2 mins walk). Also in Chalton Road there is a deli, laundromat and a mini mart (Nisa Local), as well as a handful of other restaurants/cafes.Staff are all pretty friendly and helpful, but most would have another language other than English as their mother tongue (as can be illustrated when I called down to Housekeeping to ask for a bucket for my husband to soak his swollen foot in, only to be brought plastic bags!)Don't be alarmed when you view your bill on the TV and see that you've been charged for breakfast when you haven't eaten at the hotel - they charge everyone for breakfast everyday, and then take it off when it's time for you to pay the bill. A little backwards, but I guess it works for themThe rooms are a good size (we had an executive room), the bed is really comfy and the view was pretty good too (we were on the 12th floor). You could do a whole lot worse than to stay here.	
Jul 29 2009 	Convenient location decent hotel	I stayed with my eight year old using Tesco deals vouchers. We had to pay £155 per room using the vouchers which normally would have cost £99 but I wasn't complaining because it was such a convenient spot for arriving at St Pancras, a five minute walk. Easy check in, a room on 6th floor with a view to the British Library. Everything I needed was in the room and I had no problems at all with it. No breakfast card had been left and staff brought one within 15 minutes of being asked. Spotlessly clean and good housekeeping. My friend was staying in the executive room and she too received excellent customer service. The staff even phoned her as soon as she arrived (in her larger, more equipped than our room) to see if everything was okay. The only thing I didn't like was the breakfast. On both mornings it was quite cold, things were missing that I had asked for, the coffee was bitter and the hot chocolate was instant made with water! Other than that I would recommend it and would stay again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Nice hotel decent location okay staff	I won this hotel off priceline at a very good price. The room was nice, clean and had everything we needed. The location is good, not in the heart of downtown, but very close (15 min walk). Not being in the heart of the city was better for us because the heart (Trafalgar Square, Soho, Leicester) is extremely crowded and crazy. Its right next to St. Pancras station, which made it extremely convenient to to anywhere in the city. The staff, however, didn't seem to have very many good recommendation regarding the restaurants in the area, but other than that, they were what you would expect from a hotel staff.Don't eat in the restaurant, way overpriced and London food is already pricey enough as it is.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good surprise.	I've stayed in Novotel's before and they can be a bit shoddy and downmarket. Novotel St Pancras was a pleasant surprise. It's in a prime location between Kings Cross/St Pancras and Euston station. Euston Road isn't the nicest area (although it's getting better) and the hotel stands apart from the other hotels in this area.Room was very spacious for London. Good amenities: ironing board, trouser press, safe, mini bar, flatscreen tv with ipod docking facility, air con. Only downside in the room was the queen bed which was too soft for my liking and sunk down in the middle.Decent gym on the fifth floor with good views of St Pancras station.Didn't have breakfast but did have a club sandwich in the afternoon which was great. Pleasant modern bar/restaurant area.If you need a hotel in this area (for train connections) then the Novotel is your best bet.	
Jul 25 2009 	Usual great hotel but what's happened to the evening buffet?	I've stayed at this hotel numerous times on business so a logical choice for a few days away for a short break. Had a twin room and as always, spotlessly clean. Breakfast brilliant as always with staff that can't do enough to help - provided me with soya milk upon request. The biggest disappointment though was the evening buffet wasn't avilalbe for either of the two nights we stayed, despite this being advertized in the foyer and I was told when I checked in that that was still available. We didin't fancy the menu (poor choice for veggies) so ate at the Pizza express opposite - this was very good incidentally and very reasonably priced if a little noisy.All in all yes, I will continue to use this particular Novotel as overall it's very good. Disappointed with the facilities for the evening meal though as the buffet was exceptionally good. The restaruant was almost empty when we stayed which probably speaks volumes.	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	This is a really good hotel in a very good location in London. Excellent service from staff and the hotel has a very nice bar and restaurant. Rooms on the top floors have a great view of London. All the rooms are very clean and comfortable. Located right beside St. Pancras station and there are plenty of pubs, cafes and restaurants nearby. It is a bit pricey though.	
Jul 20 2009 	Beautiful spacious rooms: Great bar/restaurant staff	As we booked quite far in advance on-line we got a really good rate for this hotel. We were so impressed with the quality of the rooms. They were spotlessly cleaned every day and so large. Staff were fantastic particularly at the bar and restaurant. Remembered us during stay and were so helpful. Gym is clean and quite well fitted out. Great location for anyone using Eurostar or St Pancras international train station.	
Jul 17 2009 	Novotel gets a thumbs up again!	We arrived at the hotel to be greeted with a warm, friendly - even enthusiastic welcome.Work had booked us a twin room, which was lovely. Exceptionally clean, roomy and even rather plush. The bathroom was modern - perhaps slightly too modern! - We wasn't too keen on the see through door, but that we could live with! The beds were very comfy and considering the close proximately to Euston Road, outside noise was minimum.The room was equipped with a flat screen TV, a safe, hair-dryer, trouser press and plenty of storage, which obviously wasn't needed for our short stay.Due to oversleeping we sadly couldn't make full use of the wonderful buffet breakfast that this hotel has on offer. We managed to grab a muffin and some fruit though, as it seemed a shame to waste the money spent on paying for breakfast.My only slight concern, maybe on the health and safety freak side, is that the fire escape route (stairs) wasn't clear from the second floor. I usually always take the stairs in order to orientate myself with the evacuation route, however I could not find a way other than what looked like an area that seemed out of bounds. If anything could be improved in this hotel I would say it was clearer information regarding evacuation, not to mention a viable alternative to the lift, for those of us who are not too keen on them! But then again, I was extremely tired, so perhaps that effected by ability to not get lost - in what is a rather huge hotel!Novotel usually falls into the bracket of 'budget hotel' but this hotel is definitely far superior to other 'budget hotels' in the Euston/Kings Cross area. This is unfortunately reflected in the price, and in all honesty if work didn't pay for my accommodation then I would consider a cheaper alternative. However if you want to stay in a hotel of a higher standard and don't want to fork out an absolutely ridiculous amount of money, then Novotel St. Pancras is probably a good bet!The hotel is very close to both Euston and Kings Cross (St. Pancras/Eurostar) stations, and therefore public transport links are easily assessed. There is also a good range of restaurants, cafes, bars and pubs in the local vicinity and a small theatre (The Shaw Theatre) directly next door.I will almost certainly be staying in this hotel in the future - as I have informed work that it is my preferred choice.	
Jul 6 2009 	missed the mark in a number of ways	hotel conveneint for euston and kings cross/st pancras. got a room and breakfast for £99 which I thought pretty good. Had booked a queen bed room. got given on with two singles which smelt of tobacco even though it was said to be non smoking. asked to be moved - eventually got a room on 4th floor which looked out onto euston road. would recommend riding lift to the top to get godd views of london skyline.bland room and corridor decoration. TV stations pretty good choice. ate in restaurant for dinner. food seems overpriced - have eaten here before and I think the quality has gone down. tried to get a dessert but nobody would serve me so gave up after a quarter of an hour. main issue was road noise - even on 4th floor sirens and alarms easily heard, seemed to go on all night and very disruptive. breakfast was pretty good though coffee was bitter and they only do sliced bread, not toast - how peculiar.mentioned the road noise on booking out. was advised to ask for a quieter room round the back next time. would suggest those that need a good night's sleep do the same.	
Jul 5 2009 	Very good stay	I really enjoyed staying at the Novotel St Pancras. It’s the best Novetel I’ve ever stayed at so far.Its location is really convenient, especially if you’re taking the Eurostar! It’s within few minutes away by walk from King’s Cross-St Pancras, and Euston stations. You can get very easily around London from there.Plus you have plenty of places to grab something to eat nearby -Tesco, Prêt à manger, Starbucks and tons of pubs ….The hotel is very modern and bright. You have to get into the panoramic elevator once! The view over London is great from up there, especially at night.Reception staff was extremely helpful and pleasant.Room was comfy and clean, and bathroom was spotless! No shower curtains, so water spills out a bit when you’re taking a shower. Plenty of big towels are provided, so no need to bring yours.The bar down at the lobby was alright, efficient service and nice drinks-although a bit pricy. Breakfast is also expensive there -£16. I definitely would go back there!	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent location for Eurostar	Stayed here for one night en route to Paris, just 5 mins walk to St Pancras. Reception was friendly and courteous and upgraded us to an executive room. Lovely room with fantastic panoramic view of the city, coffee maker iron etc. No robes. Bed very comfortable and the room quiet as we were on a high floor. Breakfast was sublime, everything you could wish for..had I not been catching the train I would stayed and grazed all day! I agree that their own website price is quite steep compared to other local hotels, but this one is very good quality and worth the extra. Only downside to our stay was the lack of good restaurants in the area (however this is nothing to do with the hotel).We got a good deal thro Yeego, which I was rather wary about, but my concerns unfounded. Would recommend this and would return should we be travelling by Eurostar again.	
Jun 16 2009 	WOOP WOOP!!!	Brilliant location and Hotel. I would say it is five star not 4. Room service was called at 7am by myself and dad. They were there with our breakfast in 10 minutes. We got a great deal for price but if you were to travel via there website than go elsewhere but you do get quality for money. A minute walk to St.Pancras and 5 minutes to Euston I was in a perfect location. Brilliant gym and service and great tv .I might have been blinded though as I was going there celebrating a wonderful win for BURNLEY FOOTBALL CLUB. That made the tv better watching Elliot score on it on the highlights!Good.	
Jun 13 2009 	Very nice hotel if you can get a good price	I needed to stay in this part of London on business, and was having a tough time finding a suitable hotel in the area on fairly short notice - several others that I looked into were already booked solid. I had heard good things about the Novotel in NYC, and decided to give this one a shot , even though it was a little more than I wanted to pay. I ended up happy with my choice and would stay at a Novotel again.The room was handsome, comfortable, and large. As an American I wasn't sure what to expect from the in-room espresso machine (thought the coffee would be too strong) but it was actually quite good. I also appreciated the mini-fridge (well ok, it was the mini-bar, but it had lots of room for whatever I wanted to stash in there), and as others have pointed out the bathroom definitely gets points for aesthetics. There was a nice big desk to work at and high speed internet but, alas, no free wifi. Service was great. When I checked in I asked for a room with a view and after some hunting around to see what was available I was given a room on the 14th floor overlooking Euston St. with a view of the London Eye, St. Paul's, and Big Ben. The restaurant and bar staff were all attentive and pleasant. I generally avoid eating in hotel restaurants, but on the second-to-last day of my trip I had my wallet stolen from my briefcase while meeting with a colleague in a coffee shop in another part of town. With no cash and no credit cards, I had nowhere else to eat that night but the hotel (luckily, I had given them my business credit card to charge incidentals during my stay) and I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised - everything was good , especially the perfectly cooked roasted cod, and it wasn't crazy expensive either. This is not exactly a charming part of town so this is not where I would stay if I were in London with my family unless we needed to be near the St. Pancras train station, but it did serve me just fine for business and I would stay here again if I could get a good rate. The published rack rates are ridiculous - 280 British pounds! - but it looks like they discount frequently.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great disappointment - get a cheaper or a better accomodation	I chose this hotel because of its great location for travel - it is situated just between King's Cross/St. Pancras Station and Euston Station. I paid round about 150 GBP per night which definitely was too much.Yes, they have rooms of an acceptable size, a nice LCD TV and quite a good choice at the breakfast buffet.But when I was there there were a number of things which did not work:- warm water was turned of for a day- only one out of three elevators worked (5 minutes to wait for an elevator...)- the cable internet did not work (wireless is not available, and internet via TV worked in theory, but was practically not usable)- some standard TV channels could not be displayed in an acceptable qualityService too was poor for a four star hotel:- There were long queues to be seated at the breakfast buffet, there was simply too few staff- No room was available before the official check in time which is 2pm - and I had the impression they did not even try to find an available room- They wanted to preauthorize 600 GBP with my credit card, though I had a company guaranteed bookingSo, I would say: The Novotel is not good value for money. You can get a good budget hotel room for GBP 50-60 in London. Or you can get better quality at other hotels for the price the Novotel charges...	
May 29 2009 	Hotel with a very nice view	I loved this hotel. Perfect location (close to St Pancras and King's Cross), very clean, nice staff, restaurant offering a wide breakfast menu and the view - amazing!	
May 27 2009 	Good hotel great location	This is the 3rd time I've stayed at this hotel and will probably always pick this one when visiting London. Great location, only 5 minute walk from Euston Station and 2 minute walk from St Pancras (Eurostar terminal). Staff in the restaurant and bar are very friendly and helpful and service is excellent. Ample self service breakfast to keep you &quot;stocked-up&quot; all day !Yes it's a modern chain hotel with very little character but an excellent place to stay in a city where there are many dreadful hotels !!	
May 21 2009 	We fell really lucky with this one superb stay	Just a 5 minute walk from Euston Station and 2 minutes to St Pancras and the Eurostar. We took a punt on Expedia and had a superb room on the 15th floor with brilliant views; make sure you ask for a room facing the city. The staff were very nice, pleasant and helpful and the big breakfast kept us going all the way to Paris.	
May 6 2009 	Nice location	Stayed here during 3 nights and have no complains. The brekfast buffet was great and the staff was very helpful and friendly.Location was nice both if you wanted to walk in to London City or go by the tube.	
May 5 2009 	fit for a king	Very welcoming and attentive staff, Large well placed rooms, quiet and relaxing	
Apr 12 2009 	Lovely rooms great location superb breakfast good gym. Probably my favourite hotel of all.	I stay at the Novotel St Pancras around twice a month, as a base to stay during my central London shopping trips. I love this hotel. The rooms are stylish and nicely sized, and the bathrooms are gorgeous (I love the glass sinks!). The beds are extremely comfy, and despite Euston Road being fairly noisy, it rarely stops me having a good night's sleep. The temperature/air con system is excellent and easy to use.Staff are always very friendly and efficient. I normally pay around £255 flexible rate for two nights (room only) via the hotel's own website, though this sort of price is only available several weeks in advance. In past months I have booked an advanced purchase rate for two nights including breakfast for two, for around £230. I feel that what I pay to stay at this hotel is very well worth it.The breakfast buffet is superb, and has LOADS of choice - English cooked breakfast, lots of cereals, cold meats, fruits, yoghurt, juices, pastries, breads, rolls. The restaurant area is very stylish and modern. I haven't tried the restaurant, as I normally go one of the restaurants at the nearby Brunswick centre.The gym is quite well equipped, as far as hotel gyms go, and is immaculately kept.The hotel is situated in a very convenient area - just five minutes' walk from Euston and Kings Cross stations. Five minutes' walk from the hotel is Bloomsbury, where you can find off licenses, restaurants, and the lovely Brunswick centre, which has a Waitrose, some clothing stores and several restaurants.Out of all the hotels I have stayed in, I think this is my favourite. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 10 2009 	Noisy room but good location	Just to make it simple, there a few good and also bad point about this place: + Location - easy access to tube and rail station. If you fancy walking, it takes about 15-20 mins to walk to the Oxford Street,+ Cleanliness - good,+ Coffee and tea making facilities were ok, good selection of teas and a a shortbread biscuits,- Very noisy - you can hear traffic outside going all night long, also we could hear people next door talking (!),- Bed wasn't too comfortable, very soft and I got up with hurting back,- Bathroom was minute (it proves tricky to open the door when somebody is inside),- Breakfast overpriced for what it really is but there's plenty of cafes in vicinity of the building,- TV wasn't working properly, when pressing a button on remote you have to wait approx 2-3 minutes for it to work.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good value for money close to transport	Good breakfast choiceClean, big with all amenitiesIn busy Euston and very close to the undergroundOnly bad thing was the coffee...	
Apr 6 2009 	Nice room with great view!	I got the hotel at a good price from the novotel website. Nice and modern like many other Novotels. Good size rooms for London. Spent the day working in my room, which was nice with the view over london from the 11th floor. I will stay there again next time I go to London.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great stay	I stayed here for just one night with family. We got to the hotel earlier than normal checkin time but one of our rooms was ready so we could take our luggage up and refresh before going out into the city. The hotel was a short walk from euston and during our stay we walked from st pancras and euston square too with no difficulties. The rooms were large, the breakfast was amazing! lots of selection and you couldn't fault the location. Everything about this stay was great. We even managed to check our lugage into their luggage room the next day with no hassle. It was all in all great.	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect location for Eurostar	I had an overnight here for quick access to the Eurostar terminal at St Pancras. It is located on the busy Euston Road, about 3 minutes' walk from the rail terminal. It is also right next door to the British Library. The hotel is either new or renovated because it is modern and stylish. The room was a normal size (but that means extra large by London standards in this price category) with a modern and very pleasing design. I really liked the bright street level restaurant for breakfast. Check-in and out was fast and efficient. The only irritations were the cost of internet access from my room and the &quot;blowing&quot; noise from the airconditioning - but these are very common issues in hotels like this. For my purposes, this hotel was absolutely perfect. In the same circumstances, I won't hesitate to go back.	
Mar 4 2009 	Typical overpriced chain hotel very noisy	There's very little to get excited about regarding this hotel. It's another entry in the long list of bland, faceless chain hotels that support a business traveller's existence.And, to be honest, it's a bit tatty now. The room was quite small (the suitcase table was inside the wardrobe!), the bathroom had a moderate amount of rust and mildew around the place, and the beds were not particularly comfortable (indeed, a human shape had clearly, over the years, embedded itself in the mattress).The biggest complaint of the hotel is the noise. While the windows do a great job of keeping out street noise, the same cannot be said of internal noise. I could hear bathroom and plumbing noises from several neighbouring rooms throughout the night. Doors slamming late at night and early morning echoed along the corridor. You need to be a sounder sleeper than I in order to get more than six hours in a night.Internet access is very expensive, slow, and kept breaking. Breakfast is uninspiring and had a rather limited selection for a hotel of this class. And the coffee was, frankly, disgusting. I don't think it was instant coffee, but it didn't taste far off.Would I go back again? I doubt it, there was really nothing that grabbed me. If you want something cheaper, but in the same area, there's a Premier Inn across the street. I can't imagine it'd be much worse!	
Mar 2 2009 	Perfect location for Eurostar ride	If you are taking the eurostar and need an overnight stay - this place fits the bill. easily within walking distance even with roller suitcases. Plus you can easily get to this hotel from the airport using the underground. Great breakfast. Certainly the price reflects location and london - so you pay more. HOWEVER cheque around before going. the price we paid with our travel company was less than advertised when we arrived. Several online travel companies had better rates per night as well. definately a good hotel for a business stay should you need.	
Feb 28 2009 	beware room size	We have visited the novotel st pancras since early 2006. There used to be 3 room types, standard, superior and executive but now they have reclassified them as either superior or executive, problem is the rooms have not changed, so you may book a superior room and get a big spacious room on the 14th floor with views accross London or you could end up with a shoe box on the 2nd floor overlooking the bins!!!Hotel is handy for both kings cross and euston train stations and buses pass by the front of the hotel all day and night for easy movement around London. The number 91 runs past the hotel and will take you to trafalger square in about 15 mins.Breakfast is overpriced at £15 per head and I would not recommend paying for it unless it is alread included in the roomprice. They do a better breakfast accross the road at the premer inn for about £8.Room prices vary geatly on different websites, best prices seem to be on novotel.com. On average you should be looking to pay about £100 per night for a superior room but as I said earlier beware the room size.	
Feb 5 2009 	ok but way overpriced for what you get.	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. a normal room consists of muchthe same stuff as most hotels of this calibere.its clean and comfortable, but a bit on thebasic side.its handy for st pancras 300 yards and euston 300 yards the other way.walk up rooms (not pre booked) cost £250.The internet costs 12.99 for 24 hours, which is outragous, considering the price of the rooms, or you can have 1 hour at £7.99.BEWARE: if you go to the bar sit there and order a drink you will have a discretionary 10%service charge added as will you for anything you have in the resturant or cafe.I requested this all be removed on checking out, as its a way of subsidising the wages of staff in a lot of hotels in london. (a practice soon to be outlawed).they were not happy, but they did remove it. YOU ARE NOT LEGALLY OBLIGED TO PAY THIS CHARGE. the best thing, is to tip the waiter yourself, if you deem fit and then you KNOW he is getting the tip.I think in gereral this hotel is ok, but way overpriced and you can do a lot better for less in london.	
Feb 3 2009 	Standard Big Hotel	The Novotel hotel was absolutely fine and in a good location especially if you're travelling on train from Euston, Kings Cross or St Pancras.My room was clean with two single beds. Plenty of TV channels (no sport!).Shower was clean and powerful.Gym was freezing but well looked after and sauna and steam room were also in good condition.Buffet breakfast was fine for a mass catering effort.Absolutely nothing wrong with the hotel. It's just very big and rather impersonal but does exactly what it needs to do.Finally - if you get the lift to the top floor then there are some great views!	
Jan 21 2009 	Perfect for Eurostar getaways	We got a great deal on this in early January by dealing directly with the Accor website (the parent company). It's the perfect hotel if you're off on the Eurostar first thing in the morning., just a couple of minutes stroll away. It's big, impersonal and clean but poor toiletries in the bathroom. No shower cap! No mending kit! No hair conditioner! No body lotion! They needed one or two more luxurious touches to bring it up to standard, but it's a case of getting what you pay for. Don't bother with breakfast - St Pancras offers all sorts of interesting options, including delicious porridge and the traditional British bakers there.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location!	We decided to book this hotel after a long flight because of its location. We were not disappointed as the travel from Heathrow by trains to the hotel was easy enough. The hotel is only five-minute walk from the St. Pancras station. Its location was also convenient for our friends in London to come and meet with us. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Additional toiletry items were provided by the hotel within five minutes of our call. We were glad that we chose to have breakfast included in our package. It is a great value for money! We immensely enjoyed having a full breakfast before starting the day. Did I mention how much I love their bacons?	
Jan 5 2009	The Good and the Bad	There were a few small things, like only two towels, no wash cloths, and one small bottle of shampoo and shower wash. We flew Ryan Air so we didn't bring any toiletries thinking the hotel would have them. There was a walk-in shower for the handicapped room but it caused a major flood each time I used it. Not good for someone who has trouble balancing to begin with. The twin room was tiny but the beds were okay. The internet did not work. Something was wrong with the keyboard. So we had to use the phone instead for a lot of information which was very, very expensive in the end. The TV remote was slow and frustrating. They did back out the internet fee. They also charge for wireless. Also there was no breakfast with one available for 15lbs ( about 24 dollars). The conceirge was teriffic and because I had a bad fall while I was there they were very helpful with lending us a wheelchair (with a 250lb deposit) until we could find a rental. He also helped with all the calls we had to make The biggest complaint is that when we left I had to pay a 156.00 phone bill which was totally unexpected. I made only local calls but if they are to a business they are somehow special and you are charged a huge amount (38lbs for one call alone). The hotel charges .35p a minute plus 1.50 pounds for each call if just to a local number, but I have no idea who that might be as who would be calling a residence? I called the wheelchair place, the movie theater, the train and bus station and the airport. All &quot;special &quot; I guess. I made a collect call to my hospital insurer and they charged a &quot;collect call&quot; fee. Just the opposite in the u.s. with free calls to these places usually so just be very aware when you pick up the phone, and check the prefixes on the phone card on the desk This might be the usual to a frequent traveler but I'm not. We did get a good price on the room, 103.00 a night but the phone charges made up for that. Oh well. There is a wheelchair lift in the entrance and it's close to a ot of pubs and restaurants and very close to Kings cross and euston stations. .	
Dec 31 2008 	Amazing view over central London	A pleasant surprise for London - a very large and very clean room with a fantastic view over central London at a reasonable price. The interior is no different from any of the other Novotels around the world, but this can be a good thing when there are so many overpriced and misleading hotels in London. Obviously super convenient as it is a minute walk from King's Cross St Pancras tube station / Eurostar station. Definitely recommended for business travellers who don't need all the frills. One thing to remember is to ask for a room without a door connecting to the next room as you might hear your neighbouring guests.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Hotel - Highly Reccommend	Great location for St Pancras station. Rooms were spacious and clean. Plenty of amenities nearby. Staff friendly and helpful.	
Dec 9 2008 	Hard to Fault	I stayed for one night on business and thought this an excellent hotel. The room was spacious and the bed large and comfortable. I had a standard room on the second floor at the side of the hotel and it was very quiet. Breakfast was good.The location is good for St Pancras (what a great station!) or Euston (er...) and right next door to the British Library (go and see the public exhibition area which has some fascinating documents, including Beatles lyrics on scraps of paper and Britain's declaration of war on Nazi Germany, all with interesting corrections!).It's easy to get into the West End and my experience is that comparable hotels right in the West End tend to be more expensive and have smaller rooms. I walked to a meeting in Camden Town and it took me 20 minutes.I've stayed at the Novotel Tower Bridge (also excellent value) and Novotel St Pancras is better, though pricier.	
Nov 30 2008	Great value	Exactly what you need for a city stay. A good-sized, clean, fresh and comfortable room under £100. The lobby is bustling and modern and the breakfast (included in our price) offered a lot of choices. Although ST Pancras isn't in the thick of where you might want to be, its transport options enable you to get most places quickly (and the area has been cleaned up considerably in recent years). Recommended.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great Choice	We stopped for 2 nights over the Lord Mayors Show weekend. We travelled by train to Euston and the hotel is a 5 minute walk from the station. It's actually closer to St Pancras and if you use the tube to get about, this is closer.We had a superior room on the 9th floor overlooking the Euston Road. The hotel was spotlessly clean and in excellent condition. The staff were polite and very efficient. The room was not huge and had a Queen sized bed, everything in the room worked fine, the only downer being the racket from the road, it is very busy. I wouldn't like to hazard a guess at the number of police sirens we heard over the 2 nights, but it was a lot!! The joys of the big city.The buffet breakfast in the morning was excellent, and considering the size of the hotel and the fact that it was full, the restaurant never appeared excessively crowded.The view from the end of the hotel from each floor was fabulous, and I would recommend you take the lift to the 16th floor and take in the views from the observation windows overlooking the British Library.Overall, my wife and I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it highly. It's extremely handy if travelling in by train, and just far enough out of the centre of London not to be exhorbently priced. My wife and I would definitely stop there again.	
Nov 15 2008 	Great location if traveling on Eurostar	Stayed at Novotel St Pancras because of it's close proximity to the St Pancras Eurostar station. Indeed it was less than 5 mins walk to the station so if you are traveling on the Eurostar, I'd definitely recommend this hotel. It is also less than 10 mins walking to Euston station, which is a big train station. So, if you need to travel on the train, this is also a good choice. Starbucks and fast food is right across the street. And there are plenty of choices of cafes and restaurants at the St Pancras station. The British Library is right across from the hotel where you can get free internet access. It is relatively good value for GBP122 per night. The room is basic and clean. Decor is Ikea-like.	
Oct 31 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	We spent three nights in the Novotel London St Pancras. We chose the hotel because we were travelling with our 5 month old son and didn’t want to have to bother with the underground or taxi’s once we arrived at Kings Cross with all our baggage. The hotel was only a 5 minute walk along Euston Road from Kings Cross. Check in was friendly and efficient, the man on reception even gave us a stuffed toy for our son as a gift! The room was fantastic, we only paid for the basic room but we’re sure we got a mini suite. We had a separate sitting area with its own widescreen LCD TV immediately as you entered the room then beyond the bathroom the sleeping area with a large bed and another widescreen LCD TV. The room had a fridge and a wonderful view out over Euston Road (we were on one of the higher floors). The breakfast was included in the price and was lovely. The location was also great; we were only a few minutes walk from Euston and Kings Cross St Pancras underground stations. I particularly loved the lift with the panoramic view. The rooms were always clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great View of London	My family and I stayed 2 nights here after our Disneyland Paris holiday. The room was clean and comfortable. I especially liked how the room separated, where my husband and I had a double bed at one side of the room and my 3 year old daughter slept on a sofa bed at the other. She had 2 tv's too! Breakfast was fab, there were so much choice. We were on the 12th floor and the view up there were fab. All in all, the stay was very good.	
Oct 22 2008 	Very good for a chain hotel	We've walked past this hotel for many years and decided to stay there overnight before getting an early morning Eurostar train. We got a room for £99 (room only) which is quite expensive, however a couple of weeks earlier we paid £110 for a Premier near Kings Cross and the Novotel was far superior. I think we got a superior room as it was particularly well decorated and layout. The bar downstairs is very nice and we liked the Panoramic elevator.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Stay	We have just returned from a stay at the Novotel. We had a great stay the hotel is spotless and in a good location for ease of access to all London has to offer.Its two mins walk from Kings Cross so the tube is very handy. the staff at check in were great and efficient.We had a wonderful room on the 15th floor the view was amazing. the room was large with a great walk in shower and a seperate office area. It had two flat screen TV's, mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities.The staff at check out were good too we would definitely stay at this hotel again.Only down side is if you dont want to use the tube you are too far from the tourist heart to walk and would maybe want to choose a hotel closer to Covent Garden.We went to see Wicked when there and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great rooms and service but quite pricey	I stayed here for one night while on a conference at the hotel itself.The hotel is inbetween Euston and St Pancras stations and next door to the British Library.Checking in was easy and the room itself was very modern, spotlessly clean and a decent size. The bathroom was a decent size which is nice as sometimes this is where hotels scrimp on) and there was plenty of cupboard space.We ate in the conference rooms for lunch and evening meals and the quality of the food was good as was the service. At the main bar, the staff weren't the quickest and some of the prices were eye watering - £7.50 for a glass of bog standard wine.There are plenty of decent pubs on and along the Euston Road where you will get better service and more for your money, but it is essentially a business hotel where people probably rack up the expenses and don't actually have to consider the prices involved.As the hotel is on Euston Road, expect some noise - my room was at the front and I was frequently woken up by sirens etc but my overall experience of the hotel was good. If I was paying £200 a night I would expect a bit more sound proofing however, or some ear plugs!	
Oct 6 2008 	Surprisingly great.	I usually hate staying in these big hotels, preferring to stay in B&amp;B's with more personal service and value for money. However, being London and the peak season, we managed to get a deal here and went for it. I have to say it was a really great stay - the best we've had in London in fact (and we've stayed in MANY hotels in London over the years).We arrived at the hotel at about 7.30am after being in an accident in the taxi on the way from Victoria Station and an overnight coach from Edinburgh before that (in other words tired and pretty miserable). We wanted them to hold our luggage until check in but they did one better and gave us our room early so we could have a nap. Bliss! Not only that but we'd booked the stay in two parts (as we realised later we needed more nights) one booking was a regular room and the other booking a superior room which was done by accident, but they were nice enough to upgrade our entire stay to the superior room so we wouldn't have to swap later.The rest of the hotel is the usual business hotel stuff - buffet breakfasts and internet at crazy prices, impersonal service with a weak smile. But nothing to complain about really, we were so happy with our room (gorgeous and huge with a king size bed and big bath). The internet is slow, which for the price is annoying, but to be expected in this sort of chain hotel. As London hotels go this was a great experience and we really appreciated the staff that first morning treating us so well, it made a massive difference.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great business hotel	I stayed at this hotel for two nights while I was in London on business. I was suprised by the standard of this hotel. It looks very new and modern and the rooms were superb - very spacious and modern. Everything looked brand new in my room. The bathroom was really nice as well, everything was spic and span. The beds are also very comfortable and it is quiet.The staff were attentive and very professional.My room wasn't cleaned however, and I thought this was strange. I raised it when I checked out and the reception manager was very quick to apologise.All in all a good business hotel and would come back.	
Oct 2 2008	Lovely Breakfasts Clean rooms	I stayed for two nights at Novotel St.Pancras in September 2008. I was on a Angela Coach holiday from Bournemouth for £135. The view from the 15 storey panoramic lift were excellent but brief. The buffet breakfasts were very good with cooked options as well as continental. I'm not sure how Angela Coaches got this hotel so cheap (perhaps it was a contract signed before St.Pancras opened and the hotel was known as Novotel Euston)	
Sep 30 2008 	Location near Eurostar Clean Well-Run	We are a 50-something gay couple that stayed one-night at this hotel this past September on route from London to Paris via the Eurostar &quot;chunnel&quot;. We chose this hotel based upon its location near the Eurostar St. Pancras station and overall good reviews from tripadvisor. We selected a superior double room (non-refundable rate of around 99 pounds.) Once again, the positive reviews on tripadvisor coincided with our own experiences. We had a nice, quiet, and clean room overlooking the British Library. As mentioned in previous reviews, the staff were welcoming, friendly, and efficient - check-in/check-out was a breeze. Since we were there such a short time, we did not make use of any of the hotel's facilities, so cannot coment on them. An aside: as luck would have it, the Eurostar train experienced a fire in one of its tunnels the day before we arrived and had been shut-down. As we were to travel to Paris the next day on the Eurostar, we were unsure of whether we could get out of London in time to reach our next scheduled destination. (Coincidentally, one or more British airlines had gone bankrupt around the same time, further disrupting overall travel in Britain, making the booking of alternative arrangements a bit of a headache.) Because of the Novotel's relatively close location to St. Pancras station, we were able to check in person on the status of the Eurostar and to get on one of the first trains leaving London for Paris after the chunnel fire - thank goodness - allowing us to continue with our trip without major disruption (or expense!). Summary: clean, modern, efficient, hassle-free accommodations, close to St. Pancras and King's Cross stations.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good hotel near Euston	I stayed at the Novotel for 3 nights in April with some friends - booked through Priceline and got it for $70 per room per night for 3 rooms. If you're looking for a hotel thats close to Euston then I would highly recommend the Novotel. It was modern and clean and had small touches like a connector for my ipod into the lcd tv in the room. There was an ice machine on each floor and a glass elevator showing panoramic views across the city. Staff were polite and friendly and handled my booking without a problem. Its situated on the very busy Euston Road and there's a variety of pubs and coffee bars opposite which offer decent food at affordable prices. The hotel is about 5/10 mins walk from both St Pancras and Euston - maybe a little out of the way if you're looking to be right in the centre but taxis are plentiful and the tube is a short stroll away.	
Sep 20 2008 	Amazing Hotel	The main ways we described this wonderful hotel was &quot;Wow&quot; and &quot;Amazing&quot;! We were lucky enough to be on the 15th floor with a fantastic panoramic view of London. The staff are great and very helpful and the room was extremely clean with everything you need. I would thoroughly recommend a visit, it's situated in a lovely area of London, not too busy but plenty to see and do.	
Sep 17 2008 	Good Hotel :)	I've stayed on Novotel London St Pancras last December during Christmas time (21th-25th December 2007) and I must say that I was pleasantly suprised with the hotel. I've stayed at other Novotel's and I never experience such quality. The building is very well positioned, with a panoramic elevator that took us to our hotel floor. The rooms are spacious, with a great bathroom. Everything has a very modern design. The food at the hotel was delicious with a wide variety of opinions. The location of the hotel is also good due to the metropolitan station that is 50 meters from the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helfull (they called several times to Lufhtansa because we had used this airline and they have lost our luggage) in order to help us. Overall, I must recomend this hotel to fellow travelers both for bussiness and holidays.	
Sep 7 2008 	Great stays and not so great stays	I stayed in this hotel 3 times in August all of which were very different! From a fantatic room on the 9th floor with execeptional service throughout to a broom cupboard with twin beds on the 4th floor not quite the double room booked as they were overbooked, with nonchalant staff! I have had some fantastic stays at this hotel and the bar area is great for a single female traveller although the room and the service I had on my last stay has seen me move to another hotel.	
Sep 6 2008 	Good hotel for the area	Had a 3-night stay here for a work trip. The room was small, but you can't expect anything else in London. The room had 2 single beds rather than the double requested but the check-in staff member pointed out that I would have a nice view from the 7th floor. I did indeed have a view - of Euston Road, with its interminable traffic and chain cafes! The bathroom was fine and the air con worked well. Internet access was a pricey £14.99 per day but at least it was fast. Breakfast provided a good choice, served in a bright spacious restaurant. Staff were pleasant. While the immediate vicinity is pretty charmless, Covent Garden is a pleasant 20-25 minute stroll away, not much longer than the tube or bus journey. I've stayed in 2 other hotels in the are and would rate this the best.	
Aug 27 2008 	Lovely hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for one night on a theatre break. The hotel is lovely, well located and has really nice rooms. In the higher rooms, there is a great view of London. You can also go to the top floor in the lift and look at the view.We really enjoyed our stay, the room was clean and modern, the bathroom lovely. We really liked the breakfast, there was lots of choice and everything was good. It is well located as it's near to Euston station and there were several restaurants and bars in the area. We went to one of the bars across the road in the evening after we had been to the theatre.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for a stay in London!	
Jul 25 2008 	Still perfect!	We were due to stay at the London Bridge Hotel but suddenly the price of the Novotel was reduced to 98 GBP so we changed and booked this hotel. I've already been there in february and it is still a very nice hotel. The breakfast is really good, enough choice, and the room is clean, convenient, functional. It seemed to me that this twin room was smaller than the double one I had in February, but maybe it's just an idea ... I would just be nice to have more towels but otherwise it's a perfect hotel, especially if you travel with Eurostar! St pancras is just a few minutes away.TIP: you can eat at the Pizza Express just opposite the hotel where you can also ask for 'takeaway'. I saw many people crossing the street to take their pizza and go back in their room.	
Jul 24 2008	Great hotel	This was an excellent hotel, clean big comfortable room, big bathroom, close to the tube, yummy breakfast.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great position great views: a good experience at the Novotel St. Pancras	We decided to spend a weekend in London. Finding a good hotel at a decent price is always tricky in London. I'm a big fan of the Hoxton, but there were no rooms at a reasonable price this time, so we decided to try the Novotel St. Pancras.The rate was quite good (a bit more than 100 quid per night), the room was very spacios, at the 10th floor, with a panoramic view.The view from the panoramic lift is also very nice.Apart of the view, the hotel has a nice lobby, the staff is quite friendly, and location is perfect: a short walk from Bloosmbury, and next to the British Library and Tube station (St. Pancras and Euston).So, all in all it was a great experience.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great for Eurostar	Like many other reviews on here, we stayed here on the strength of its convenient location for the Eurostar. The hotel is just 3 minutes walk from St. Pancras International Station. Check-in was OK and we were upgraded to an executive room on the 10th floor. The view from the room towards the city was fantastic.The room itself was great. It was a good size with a large bed (king or queen), a desk and a seating area. The bathroom was very interesting - a glass sink and a 3 way adaptor on the shower (choice of bath taps, hand shower or main shower).We did not eat in the hotel as neither dinner nor breakfast was included in our rate. There are plenty of food and drink options nearby including a Pizza Express, Starbucks and Pret A Manger directly opposite the hotel.As the hotel is situated on a main road in the city centre, there can be a problem with traffic noise during the night. As we were on a high floor, the only real noise we could hear was the sirens from emergency vehicles. If you are a light sleeper, I would suggest requesting a room towards the rear of the hotel.	
Jul 16 2008 	Good location if travelling with Eurostar	We selected the hotel because of its location next to the st Pancras Eurostar station. The price of the hotel was high, but then again this is London in july - I would stay there again if travelling with Eurostar.If I compare the hotel with any other European city hotel I would say that the quality was not up to standard - eventhough the building was pretty new, it was easy to find &quot;cracks&quot; in the interior - like that the pipe from the sink to the wall went through a cracked tile.A tip! Do not accept to be charged in Euros, they suggested that to me, but I declined - and when I got home and checked how much had been charged to my creditcard I could see that I made the right choice - I saved 4 € by charging the stay in pounds.	
Jul 3 2008 	American in London	Here is the email I sent the hotel with feedback to them:Dear Hotel Novotel London St Pancras,I am staying all week and wanted to give you some feedback on the hotel. [I am staying in a quiet room on the 11th floor](a) Your staff is very friendly and cheerful. They have been uniformly helpful when I talk to them. The restaurant staff is especially good. I recommend the hotel restaurant.(b) I really like the breakfast. It's much better than one I tried at aneighboring hotel with a colleague yesterday. (c) There is some trouble with wakeup calls and internet.wakeup calls: Specifically, on monday checkin I asked for a 730 wakeup call on tues morning only. I got a &quot;TV&quot; wakeup instead of phone. Tues night I set the TV for an 830am wakeup call and instead I got a 730am wakeup call on the phone Wed am. I asked the person who called on the phone to cancel all future wakeup calls. Last night I was out lateat the theater and wanted to sleep in. Promptly at 730am thurmorning I got another phone wakeup call, despite requesting all future wakeup calls to be cancelled. The person on the phone seemed confused when I told them this.internet: I am having some annoyances with the internet connection going in and out. I am using the cable internet rather than wireless. I pay L 14.95 a day for this and for the TV. For this price the service should be seamless iwthout interruptions. I have had to call down to the front desk at least once a day to ask for the lines to be reset.I suggest to charge less for the service if you can not provide seamless service. Preferably I suggest to provide better service and charge appropriately for it. As a business traveller, I am willing to pay money for good service.(d) The room is very quiet. I am quite happy with this (except for the wakeup calls of course). Ther eis a bit of construction noise from a building two blocks away but otherwise it is one of the quietest hotel rooms I have stayed at. I requested a quiet room and have been quite happy with this.(e) The bed is quite comfortable. It is comparable to the new&quot;comfortable&quot; beds that are such the rage in American hotel chains these days (e.g. westin heavenly bed). [NOTE I BOOKED A DELUXE KING ROOM](f) The size of the room is good.(g) I like the soap/shampoo and I have one request: can you please provide hair conditioner with the shampoo? As a female business traveler with curly hair - in London I have frizz hair if I don't use conditioner. Many top hotel chains provide this and I was disappointed not to find it when I checked in. With the new airport travel rules it isinconvenient to bring my own conditioner (liquid restrictions)so I am more dependent on the hotel products.(h) There is problems with communication to your housekeeping staff. I've asked to have my room cleaned without chemicals and the housekeeping staff on the floor has no idea what I am talking about and they don't speak English (or Spanish or French for that matter). I tried to talk to them by pointing but they were to shy to do that.(i) Your hair dryer is rather wimpy. I suggest to provide one with a bit more oomph to it. Also can it be provided for use in the bathroom rather than in the closet?(j) I was puzzled by the need to insert the keycard into the slotin my room in order to make the power and a/c work. The first couple of days I suffered from heat in the room because the a/c would only come on when I was there, otherwise the room would get hot. It took several hours to cool down the room because the a/c is rather mild. Finally on wed I asked for a second key and was able to leave the a/c on when I was not in the room. This could all have been avoided had I gotten a secondkey upon checkin. I told the front desk about the issue when I first arrived, and no one suggested to have a second key to leave in the slot. I suggest that in the future, when you have guests who are grumpy about the A/C only working when they are in the room, that your staff promptly give them a second key to leave in the room if desired. There is nothing worse than a hot hotel room. At the prices you are charging (approx L 200 per night) you should be providing perfect temperatures for the guests.Moreover, those of us traveling from north america are fussy about our A/C and are used to much better climate control than this. The price of the room should include appropriate climate upon entering the room, not after several hours of running the a/c continuously once in the room.(j) Newspaper. When I checked in they asked if I wanted a newspaper in the morning. I said that would be fine. No newspaper has ever showed up at my door since I have been here the past 4 days. It's not a big deal for me since I read the news online (when the internet works). However some consistency would be good.(k) I might suggest some additional clothes hangers in the long closet. There are only three fixed ones and two mobile ones and this is not enough to hang up pans and shirts for a weeklong stay. The other closethas no space to hang up long clothes.(l) The desk is very nice. I am working alot during my stay and find the desk and chair quite comfortable.(m) Room service is excellent (I only used it once however).(n) The blackout curtains are great. I am sleeping very well in London. Better than I do in Los Angeles as a rule (I have a skylight in my bedroom at home).(o) The shower has a strange hinged glass door that is supposed to keep the water from getting all over the floor. It is insufficient for this purpose and every day I have water on my floor after the shower.(p) The water pressure, hot water, and capacity are wonderful. I am used to flow restrictors in the US and it is a luxury to take a shower with so much water. On the other hand, I suppose this is not so good for conservation.(q) There is some trouble with the light above the toilet in the bathroom. It does not stay on while the other light does stay on. It does not seem to be on a motion dectector so it might be a problem with the bulb perhaps. (r) the sink in the bathroom has a slow drain. It is not a big problem, but someone should see to it. This is easy to fix.(s) The minibar has water and reasonable prices (for a minibar).I am quite happy with this. I might suggest to put more things in there. It can hold much more than you put there. More food is a good idea. There is just one chocolate bar and one can of pringles. On the other hand, I had some extra space to put my own stuff (evian purchased from a store). The minibar has only been restocked once since I have beenhere - is that normal? I'm not missing much but I was thinking either every day or once and it seems strange that it is one out of three days.	
Jul 2 2008 	Very Good Hotel	We stayed here for one night before going on the eurostar. We picked it mainly because of the location as we also cam in from euston and it's right in the middle of both.We got a free upgrade on the room not sure what the differance was though.Room was big as was bed nice and clean with a brilliant view.Breakfast was ok not great as hot stuff a bit more lukewarm but a good choice overall. Would not hesitate to stay here again	
Jun 26 2008 	Decent Hotel	The hotel room we stayed in faced away from Euston Rd and was quiet. The room was reasonably spacious and was modern and clean. The bathroom featured modern decor with the standard shower over bath. The hotel is located a 5 minute walk from King's Cross station and a 10 minute walk from Euston station/bus interchange. Buses stop directly across Euston Rd for a direct journey to attractions such as Oxford St. Just across the road there are a number of fast food joints and a block or two away there are grocery shops and convenience stores. The British Library is right next door.The concierge at the front desk was helpful with suggesting attractions and tours in and around London. The staff on the whole were quite polite in that typically English standoffish way. I never used the hotel's restaurant or other facilities, apart from the internet facilities on the ground floor, which were available for a reasonable(by hotel standards) pay as you go fee. Overall, pretty good value and fairly handy location.	
Jun 25 2008 	Good Location	Agree with other recent reviews 100%Great location for Eurostar.. less than 5 mins walkGood transport acess to Tube system. Kings Cross or EustonBuses to central outsideClean good sized roomsOverpriced breakfast. Pret accross the roadRequest a room towards top of Hotel. The view is brilliant. South side accross city or North accross HampsteadVery fast efficiant front desk	
Jun 17 2008 	Great rooms and location	I stayed in this hotel for one night on business. What impressed me about it was the modern styling and the generous sizing of the rooms - there is an entrance area with a desk and TV and wardrobe, then a good ensuite bathroom, then a nice sized sleeping area - with another TV. The aircon works well and the room was spotlessly clean and well equipped with internet access, an iron and a trouser press and tea/coffee making facilities. The minibar was not that well stocked. For a week day rate of £155 (only £15 more than the Travel Inn across the road when I was booking) it seemed good value for the space. The staff were friendly and helpful and the public areas clean and modern. The only slight criticism is I thought the breakfast (I had room service) was a bit overpriced for what was provided. I had the continental at £15 and whilst each component was of good quality, the portions were a little on the small side. Just about enough for me but maybe wouldn't be enough for someone with a large appetite! The other massive plus is the location if you are coming into London to King's Cross, Euston or St Pancras - its an easy walk to all three, even with a wheely case. There are also a couple of places to eat nearby too - Pizza Express just across the road. All in all, a really good option.	
Jun 12 2008	Pleasant surprise	Pleasantly surprised by the hotel -- good location, clean, great staff, nice coffee tray with shortbread cookies in the room. Good buffet breakfast. Convenient to the tube, to restaurants, to the train. This was booked as the start of our tour with Cosmos and I expected less. Great views from the hallway next to the elevators.	
May 28 2008 	Oh so trendy!	The Novotel St Pancras (which used to be referred to as the Novotel Euston) is very convenient for people taking trains. The rooms are large for London standards, in good shape and ell decorated. The bed was pretty comfortable, too. The one major lacking feature was an alarm clock - I asked at the desk and he said they did not have them, they use wake up calls. It is located between St Pancras and Euston stations, and just down the street from Kings Cross. The area is not the best in London, but anyone familiar with a US city won't find it bad at all. Wired internet access is available, but it is steep.The biggest problem with it is that being so close to the train stations, prices are a bit steep. but this may be outweighed by the convenience factor.	
May 11 2008	Nice welcoming hotel	Stayed here one night before going over to Belgium on Eurostar. The location can't be beat - good tube connections and right next to Eurostar Terminal. After the long overnight flight, it was wonderful to be greeted at the front desk by a welcoming, friendly and helpful young man. Rooms are excellent - clean, comfortable, good mattress, nice bathroom and tub/shower combo, good placement of electrical outlets and fairly large room (by London standards). If I were staying longer in London, there are other locations that I prefer, but for my purposes on this trip, it was a perfect choice. I checked around and found the best price by booking direct with the hotel. London is not cheap, but I thought this was a good value for the location and quality of room.	
Apr 24 2008 	Recommended	I stayed over a weekend in April and liked just about everything. Easy walk to/from St. Pancras (with bags) or Kings Cross Tube station. Lots of pubs nearby. As soon as I got to my room I got a call making sure the check-in went ok. My 16th floor room was very modern with a distant view of St. Paul's, the London Eye, and Big Ben. At 110 pounds a night I wouldn't say I got a great deal, but relative to other stops on the same trip the rate was reasonable. My only complaint is that the Orange wireless internet connection cost me 10 euros for 2 hours and was slow.	
Apr 23 2008 	A comfortable stay	Stayed here for two nights on a weekend break. It was clean and comfortable and was all that we needed for our stay. Close to the railway station and underground.We had been warned that the hotel was noisy if you were on the lower floors as it sits on a very busy road. We asked for a high floor but were told the hotel was full. Had a room on the second floor and were kept awake until the early hours on the Saturday night with the customers form a nearby pub out in the street. The Sunday night was peaceful though.Comfortable bed. Weird glass bathroom sink with heavy glass door. All in all it was ok but much prefer the Premier Inn.	
Apr 18 2008 	Horrible experience	1)We arrived and were to meet our son at this hotel. He had arrived in London before us and was staying with friends near Warick University. The preceding night their baby was in hospital and so all arrangements changed. He left several messages at the hotel, non of which were ever passed on to us.2) the next morning there was a bomb scare and sirens screamed through the hotel. Once we realised what was happening we walked down 11 flights of stairs to the rear of the building. Fortunately this was a false alarm but had there been a real bomb everyone on our floor would have died and if not because there was no follow up on the alarm but the route we took went right beside the &quot;bomb&quot;. we should have been directed to the stairs at the other end of the building. It was very scary wandering the empty stairwells not knowing where to go or what was happening.There should have been staff clearing the floors.3) the air conditioning never worked the whole time we were in London 4/5 nights. Hotel staff looked at it agreed it was broken and left. Very helpful!4) We had a key in the lighting unit which was stolen. This was reported to the hotel front desk but they said &quot; that will be alright&quot; Chances are they didn't know what was reported as no one in the hotel spoke good english. Could this have resulted in 5?5) the highlight of our stay at this Novotel was my son's backpack was stolen from our LOCKED hotel room. These were very professional thieves as they had rifled through his suitcase without disturbing anything but stole one item from the bag that looked expensive but was a souvenir shot glass.They did hit paydirt with the backpack as it had all his electronic equipment a 16 year old travels with including laptop, ipod, DVD player etc. This was bad enough but the attitude of the staff was abysmal. First of all trying to explain what had happened to non english speaking management was a nightmare and then they Inferred that instead of us being the victims we were in fact making it all up. Trying to get insurance information from them to make a claim was very slow and with many obstacles in the way. We have only now received payment from the hotel insurers some 4 months later! and the looks from staff during the last day of our stay instead of being &quot; those poor people have been robbed, how can we help?&quot; was &quot;there go the theives&quot;!This incident was reported to the police and their comment was that hotel room theft in London is quite normal whereas the hotel response was &quot; we have never had this happen here before&quot;. Who would you beleive?6) The area is close to St pancras and easy access for tubes and the chunnel but that does attract some strange people in the streets at night outside the hotel.Be careful of your wallet and those around you.	
Apr 10 2008 	Luxury in London	I loved it here and it's always my first choice when I go to London! Spacious rooms which are kept lovely and clean and have all the amenities you could need!Though it isn't close to many attractions it is close to a tube station and a main railway station too!	
Mar 16 2008 	reliable	I stayed here on a Friday night, and for £110 for a double room it is good value for London.The reception staff are very pleasant, and the public rooms comfortable. I have occasionally stayed here on my own, and as a lone woman, never felt uncomfortable.As others have said, it is in an excellent location with really good bus routes &amp; tube connections for all over London. One gripe: I would expect a hotel like this to have more in the way of in-room TV channels - especially BBC News 24, which was listed but wasn't actually available.....Nonetheless, will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 4 2008 	Excellent hotel	We have just spent 3 nights at the Novotel St Pancras. It's particularly well situated for Eurostar passengers, being a 5 minute stroll up the Euston Road from St Pancras International. It's also great for visiting London - only a couple of stops on the tube or a 10 minute bus ride to the West End. The hotel is comfortable and clean. We had a room with double bed and sofa bed for 2 adults and a 15 year old for a rate from the hotel website of £93/night, including breakfast. I had asked (per this site) for a high floor at the back of the hotel - we were given a room on the 11th floor and this proved to be very quiet. Hotel staff were all very pleasant: even when I overslept and turned up for breakfast 1 minute before they were due to stop serving, I was still greeted with a big smile and shown to a table.In a nutshell, would definitely recommend the Novotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Good choice for Kings Cross/St Pancras area	I stayed in this hotel for one night when on business in London. I'm not sure I can add anything new to the information given in previous reviews, except to reinforce the positive feedback. The room was well equipped, public areas were of a good standard and service was good throughout my stay. I ate in the hotel's Mirrors restuarant in the evening. It wasn't a cheap option but at the end of a long day which had involved leaving home at 5:45 a.m. it was the most convenient. Food and service were good. I didn't have breakfast as my deal was room only and I felt breakfast at £14.95 was not good value for money when all I usually eat is a bowl of cereal. There was also quite a queue to be seated in the restuarant and I didn't have much time to spare. I found there are several places at St Pancras which is only a couple of minutes walk away where you can get a quick and inexpensive alternative. I liked this hotel and would certainly stay there again, but my only note of caution is that it is probably not suitable for light sleepers. The drawback of the convenient location is that there can be a lot of traffic noise from Euston Road. A room on a higher floor (I was on floor 12) cuts some of it out but not the sound of emergency vehicles and their sirens which were quite intrusive at times. The other advantage of a room on a higher floor is the wonderful views out over London. And don't miss the lift with the panoramic view which is the middle of the 3 lifts in the lobby.	
Feb 25 2008 	Top class hotel	Stayed here for 2 weekends in February for a rate of £95 per room inc breakfast. The first room was adapted for disabled guests and was large with a separate shower. The second stay was in a standard twin room which was still pretty spacious for London. Both rooms were situated at the rear of the hotel and on high floors so should have been quiet. However the first did have noise from outside and the second had noise from the corridor. Not enough to bother me but if you are looking for absolute silence then this is not the quietest hotel.Both rooms were clean and well equipped with mini bar, tea coffee, iron, trouser press,safe, A/C and flat screen TV and being on high floors had a good northerly view.Breakfast was of the now common buffet variety and consisted of a good selection of fruit, cereal, hams, waffles, bacon etc with eggs cooked to order. Service was good with very little wait even on one morning where there was clearly a number of coach parties staying.In the evening they have an a la carte menu or 3 course buffet. Tried the a la carte which was good with attentive service although there are much cheaper places to eat nearby.The staff were friendly and helpful and attended to any needs quickly and with a smile.As others have said there is plenty of public transport nearby and loads of buses to get about London eg 59 for the river, 10 for Oxford Street although the area seemed safe enough for walking. We walked back from Covent Garden at Midnight and never felt in any danger.All in all a good hotel for barely more than Travel Inn now charge in central London. Would not hesitate to stay again	
Feb 19 2008 	Would return to this clean 	Clean room with separate seating area and flat screen TV with docking station for MP3. Internet access available. Comfortable bed but pillows not fantastic. White fluffy towels, no bath but decent size shower cubicle with effective shower. Quiet room, no traffic noise (I requested rear of building), and no noise from adjoining rooms which were occupied. Tea &amp; Coffee with shortbread biscuits, complimentary toiletries. Iron and trouser press in room. Good selection of food at breakfast (coffee was too strong for my liking) with some items cooked to order. Finally, a hotel in London I would go back to! Great location for trains from Euston and Kings Cross, underground and bus services.	
Feb 16 2008 	Like this Novotel very much	Having once stayed with London Euston a year ago I decided to try find out rooms with this hotel for my two trips to London this February.Together with my wife and elder daughter stayed in superior rooms at Novotel St. Pancras 1-3 Feb. and then 7-11 Feb., both times at £ 93. per room per night, English breakfast included.It was the right choice because the hotel has very good and convenient location, just two hundred yards from St. Pancras International (the new Eurostar's main gate to Paris and Brussels) or King's X station (domestic railway services).A number of London buses stops right outside the hotel, on the opposite side of Euston Road, to reach all main tourist destinations in London.Tip: Do not forget to acquire and top up your Oyster card, this will make your travels cheaper than buying single tickets from the automated machines on the streets. Bus 73 connects with Victoria station (coaches and other services to Stansted and Luton airports; Southern, Gatwick Express to Gatwick airport) while Bus 205 goes directly to Paddington (Heathrow Connect, Heathrow Express). Also Piccadily line offers direct service from King's X underground station to Heathrow airport, terminals 1,2,3,4.Breakfast is as good as it gets with the only disappointment, personally for me: there is no porridge which I would prefer to have for breakfast.The both rooms were quite good, with comfortable beds, clean and tidy; every morning we enjoyed London views through the windows of the room. Maybe shower cabin requires some skills in operation but this does not make our stay less pleasant.There are two LCD screen TV-sets in the room with English language programmes, mostly.Checkin and checkout were both quick and effecient, the bill was as accurate as one may wish to expect it from a Novotel hotel.Indulge yourself with drinking English or Irish beer in one of a lot of great pubs conveniently located around the hotel building. Internet access from the hotel lobby is rather expensive (£ 1 per 10 minutes) while crossing Euston Road and walking about 5 min towards Tavistock Place you will find at least two internet cafes with reasonable £ 2 per hour for internet access.We did not try hotel brunch at Mirrors restaurant on the ground floor (£ 18 p.p., 2-course meal) and dinner (£ 23 p.p 3-course meal), either, so I cannot have any opinion concerning their food and service.Please consider the photos I attach here for your information and convenience for your potential decision to choose London Novotel St. Pancras.	
Feb 8 2008 	nice hotel	This is a nice conveniently situated hotel well up to Novotel's standard. The rooms are not as big as in the reviews but equipped with all mod cons including large flat screen tv, tea and coffee, iron etc. Breakfast was included in rate - £93 per night for 2 night break from Novotel website - and was very good by any standard with good choice of hot and cold food. Service throughout was attentive. The hotel is beside St Pancras so if you're arriving by train or from Gatwick and then on by train the location is perfect - 5 minutes walk. If you're going to theatre land use Kings Cross (St Pancras) tube station - just 3 stops to Covent Garden. Euston is further away and you have to change lines. Don't forget to get an Oyster card for the tube! There are shops in the vicinity if you need to get a picnic or some wine. Would certainly stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 7 2008	very nice and excellent for eurostar/st pancras	stayed here for 1 night as we were off to paris the next day.very nice room, front of house very good and excellent location for st pancras, about a 5 min walk.i would recommend a high floor back room as euston rd is very busy and you can hear the trafficenjoyable and very good	
Jan 28 2008 	Nice Hotel	Stayed 3 nights. Very comfortable room and we got a discount price of £100 on average, for each of the three nights. No complains, and good value for the price (£185 is the normal room price). It a 30 minute walk from the West End and 5 minutes walk from Kings Cross Station. We will use the hotel again.	
Jan 27 2008 	Very comfortable Novotel	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (booked with Superbreak) I thought this was excellent value as we booked the package with tickets for the First Emperor exhibition at the British Museum. The hotel was within easy reach of two tube stations so it was very easy to get around. Ask for a quiet room at the back of the hotel as the road can be noisy. Take the panoramic lift to the 15/16 floor, great view! The rooms were very spacious and comfortable and the breakfast was very good, plenty of choice.The staff were helpful and I would not hesitate to stay here again.Have a look at St Pancras international station just up the road its well worth a visit .	
Jan 26 2008 	Great hotel	I’ve stayed here several times recently, initially attracted by the proximity to the station, but have been really impressed with the hotel. Walking distance from the station, you are first struck by the expansive lobby when you arrive, which feels sumptuous, modern, and spacious. In my experience the staff have always been friendly and helpful, and I have never had a queue either checking in or out. One of the lifts has a glass wall so that you can see over London as you go to your floor.The rooms are spacious and modern, with flat screen televisions. They are well equipped, and the beds are very comfortable. The only meal I have eaten in the hotel is breakfast, which has been consistently good with a wide range of options. There are a huge number of other eating options nearby, from the huge range in the station, which is less than five minutes walk away, to the Starbucks across the road, to the wide range of eateries and pubs or nearby streets. The hotel is also exceptional value, with service being as good as most of the five star hotels where I have stayed in London, with the décor and location being nearly as good, but the cost being significantly less. A lesser known gem.	
Jan 25 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed in the Novotel for 1 night whilst on business in London.The hotel is conveniently located on Euston Road, near to Euston, St Pancras and Kings Cross stations. Plenty of shops and eateries in the area.Found the reception staff to be pleasant and helpful. Twin room on 3rd floor was comfortable and very modern. Bathroom was very nice apart from a missing seal on the shower panel, which meant a big puddle of water on the floor whilst showering.The room was directly facing Euston Road which is very busy, this meant a lot of noise from traffic outside, which, although didn't prevent me from sleeping, could be annoying to anyone looking to relax. For some odd reason, the room window couldn't be opened, it seemed to be alarmed with a notice telling you not to try and open it. Not sure what this was about but I refrained from trying anyway.Didn't have breakfast at the hotel, nor did I try the gym, so couldn't comment on these.Overall I would happily stay here again if I was in the area.	
Jan 23 2008	Great base for London	This is the fourth time we have stayed in this hotel and it never lets us down. The rooms are always first class, roomy, clean and comfortable and the staff are all very helpful and keen to please. The one criticism we had last time was that it was very crowded at breakfast time, with queueing, but on this occasion we had three breakfasts with no suggestion of any queue. The hotel is very handily placed for tube stations, with St Pancras and Euston 5 minutes walk in either direction. It is also easy to get onto the bus network from outside the hotel. The buses may be slower, but they are never packed like the underground trains. At the wrong time of day, the underground is a nightmare and should be avoided like the plague.	
Jan 21 2008 	Good Hotel	Agree with previous reviewers. This is a good, clean, modern hotel conveniently located with 6 bus routes stopping adjacent to the hotel. As is the case throughout London, internet access is exhorbitant. During my stay the LAN access from the rooms was non-functional and not fixed during the weekend. I suppose the company who provides the service isn't interested in making money. Otherwise the hotel was good although the room maintenance could have been improved. If you get this hotel through Priceline you will be ecstatic. If you pay rack rate you may be disappointed. Overall a good place to stay. And, contrary to other reviewers I found all members of staff to be exceptionally pleasant and helpful.	
Jan 15 2008 	Excellent Stay	This is a very nice hotel and extremely close to the Tube and trains at Kings Cross. I was very happy to get to get this hotel for my last night in London via Priceline for $80. It was the perfect place for proximity to the tube for Heathrow. The room was modern and spacious and clean. We had a &quot;family&quot; room with one double and one small double pull out couch on either side of the bathroom so it felt like two little rooms (each with a TV). It has all the amenities you would expect, including tea/coffee facilities, toiletries, iron, room service, mini bar, etc. Very nice, and quite a bargain at $80. For a longer stay, I'd be a little concerned about the convenience of restaurants, shops in the area. We got here late and left early so we didn't do much exploring of the area (it's right next to the British Library, btw). But the Pret across the street was closed by 7pm on a Monday night, so we ended up taking a tube to get dinner, though there was one pub open nearby and a convenience type store that might have had sandwiches, but we didn't check. There might be more around, but I'd check before I booked a week; there might be more convenient options for a tourist.My only nitpicks were that they wanted to &quot;pre&quot; debit my credit card 50gbp for incidentals for a one night stay; and the concierge was quite new or just not interested when we asked for the location of the theatre for Spamalot. You'd think he'd know that off the top of his head, but even with a little brochure he directed us to the wrong theatre. Can't really complain too much about that for the price, though.All-in-all, I'd stay again in a heartbeat.	
Jan 13 2008 	Novotel St Pancras Superb	Stayed for one night ( Jan 08 ) to see a concert in the adjacent Shaw Theatre. The whole experience was excellent. A very stylish and well run hotel, with lovely rooms.I arrived at 12 noon and my room as requested on a high floor was ready. The breakfast included in the room price was excellent. So convienient to Euston and St Pancras/ Kings Cross Stations.Would have no hesitatiuon in staying there again.	
Jan 12 2008 	Central hotel close to Euston Stn and St Pancras Stn	I stayed at the Novotel St Pancras in Nov 07 and Jan 08.It is an extremely convenient hotel to explore London from. I usually stay here on business but would recommend it for leisure also. The hotel check-in staff were extremely friendly and efficient on both occasions. Do ask for a room on a higher floor as it is less noisy because you can hear the traffic.The rooms that I stayed in at both times were spacious and well decorated. The bathrooms however are ok but not anything fantastic for a 4 star hotel. I would stay at this hotel because it is reliable, close to all amenities and extremely convenient to get around and explore London. The heating/air conditioning is slightly suspect as the 1st room I stayed in was too hot and the 2nd room that I stayed in did not heat up enough.However, I would suggest not bothering with the Mirrors restaurant or room service as the food was not of a high standard. My meal was delayed as the chef dropped my dinner on the floor and I had to wait another 30 minutes. It was pretty dissappointing after an hour's wait. There are many other eating establishments around so I would suggest venturing out.	
Jan 9 2008 	it was handy but I did not pay for it so was more pleased than if had...	I stayed at this hotel, which is a short walk from Kings Cross and St Pancras (the new Eurostar terminal) the night before catching an early train to Paris. I got the room by using Airmiles and so do not pay anything for it. I would have been less than happy if I had.Perhaps as the room was bought using an Airmiles redemption, we got a less than ideal room. The room was on the 4th floor and so the noise from the main road was fairly relentless and pretty annoying. Although it is not very loud it is of the type that, even with earplugs, disrupts your sleep. The check-in desk staff were off-hand and unwelcoming, so typical in these hotels with very transient traffic as they do not care and know people staying are only there as it helps for catching trains early in the morning, or for people getting on late at night.The hotel lobby, as many people who review the hotel will say, looks good and modern. This is not bad since I think the hotel used to be a rather dire office block when I first moved to London about 20 years ago. The bedrooms are neat enough, and effort has been made to given them a modern look. The roof is quite low and although a good size the overall effect is a bit stark. The beds are not very comfortable and I suspect that they are heading towards replacement. My bed was somewhat lumpy and dipped in the middle. The TV is flat screen and the channels do not correspond to what the listing says on the interface on the TV, which seems sloppy considering they are satellite channels and clearly at some point someone changed them and has not put them back.The bathroom looked good and was a good size, though the shower foam and shampoo was pretty harsh! The food in the lobby restaurant was so-so.Overall the hotel is fine as a quick stop over. But make sure you ask for either as high floor room if you are facing the main road - or for a room facing away from the main road. If you get this, then the hotel will be great for that 1 night stopover as very handy for the station.	
Jan 7 2008	Great access to central London	This hotel is located on the Euston Road, next door to the British Library and between Euston station and the newly refurbished St. Pancras station. The hotel is attached to the Shaw Theatre. There's a Pret, Starbucks and supermarket directly across the street, and many neighbouring pubs. I usually stay right in the centre of the city and walk everywhere, but this is also a great option - St. Pancras probably has the best set of tube connections of any station in central London. There was a well-stocked breakfast buffet. Our room was very spacious by London standards. The best room rate seemed to be offered by booking directly with the hotel &amp; had the added advantage of breakfast being included and the option to cancel up to the day of arrival. Recommended.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good option	This hotel is located near king cross station (2 minute walking). This station has a lot of underground lines.The hall is big and smart and the staff is helpful. I had a problem with the heating and this problem was solved quickly.The rooms are comfortable, quiet, new and big (normal for Novotel, huge for London). The hotel is high, and the vision on the top of the hotel is excellent. The breakfast is very good, with a lot of things to choice.The problem is the price: It’s too expensive. We booked the room previously (93 pounds including breakfast), but the normal tariff is almost the double without breakfast. I booked the room in www.novotel.com 2 months before and I found this tariff.I thing it is a good idea to be a host in this hotel. Next time that I visit London I will book this hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	great hotel great location	We went to London for the weekend for a concert at the O2. Originally we looked at hotels nearer the venue but realised it would be too far out. Then we looked at hotels right in the &quot;centre&quot; of London but realised wherever we stayed, there was so much we wanted to see that we'd be doing a lot of travelling within the city anyway.We chose this hotel due to it's close proximity to King Cross station, where our train arrived into. It is about 100m away from the station just up the main road. You are also right next to St Pancras so can get anywhere easily, there are bus stops right across the road if you don't fancy getting the Tube (which was a lot less scary than I had thought it would be!). There is a premier inn across the road - didn't go inside but again the location for that hotel would be excellent. Within close proximity to the hotel there is a Pizza Express, coffee shop a couple of bars, McDonalds and a &quot;corner shop&quot; which was handy to get pop/sandwiches etc. The hotel itself was modern and extremely comfortable. The service was excellent, concierge were always on hand to get you a cab and give you advice on the area. The rooms were a decent size, with a great TV service. A nice touch was the speaker in the bathroom so you could listen to music etc! The bathrooms were pretty small in size but had everything you needed. The rooms were exceptionally clean - we went back to our room when the maid was there and found her sat in the bath scrubbing it! Request a high room as the views are great, you can see the City, St Pauls, the London Eye if you get the right room. There are 3 lifts, the middle one is a viewing chamber - agin you see across London. We booked with the hotel directly, and were able to get a rate that included breakfast (otherwise approx £15pppn which I wouldn't have paid). On a weekend they serve breakfast until midday which I thought was excellent. The eating area was relaxed, and extremely comfortable. There was a range of fruit (fresh and tinned) seeds, cereal, hot food, bread, drinks etc. It would have been a nice touch to have been offered toast, instead there was only one machine which took a while. If I were pushed for any negatives on the hotel I'd say that the rooms were too hot (we went in December and don't know if they were over compensating with the heating!). There are individual temperature controls in each room but it wasn't that useful. We tried to order room service approx 1.30am (supposedly 24 hours) but no-one answered - although reception were happy to take the order. I would also have like to seen some feedback cards. You could either get restaurant style food or there was bar food menu. We found this to be extremely over priced - approx a tenner for a sandwich was a bit O.T.T - for this price I would have expected something a bit special but it definitely wasn't. Sme of the things we did whilst we were there: wandered around Leicester Square and Picadilly Circus, went to the O2 (best thing to do is get a 1 day Tube pass, about a fiver I think, and you can get around easily. If you take the Tube to Embankment you can get on the Thames Clipper £4 each way, to the O2. You just turn up and wait for the boat to come, takes bout half hour, has a bar on board and drops you 100m or so away from the entrance to the O2.) Madame Tussaulds was good though expensive at £25 on the door (if I went again I would shop around and see if I could get them cheaper - some shops etc sell them I think). Open top bus was about £20pp but you could hop on hop off and there were various routes to see everything. There are a couple of different companies si check which one is cheapest on the day. British Museum, huge and free. We would have liked to see a show but there are no matinees on a Sunday except the Lion King which was sold out except for one ticket so if book in advance (also Lion King do not discount their tickets last minute). Our weekend away was fantastic, we were a group of 6 (2 teens, their parents and me and my partner in our 20s) and the hotel was brilliant for all of us. I would recommend this hotel without a doubt and we are already planning to go again! I hope you found this information useful!!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	No-nonsense value for money	Booked last-minute stay for New Years Eve in London. Most places were charging exorbitant prices but I got a good rate on the Accor website: 110 GBP for a double room.Arrived at 14:30, had to park in the Ibis hotel car park as there is not one at the Novotel. The Ibis is 5 mins walk away, and the parking cost was 15 GBP for 24 hours - not too bad for central London. If you arrive after 18:00 you can park in the street beside the Novotel for free.Check-in was fine, staff were nice - they recognised that I had stayed there before. We were given a very large room (421) with a separate sitting area, 2 TV's and a large bathroom. Last time I stayed the bathroom was tiny, so the rooms vary quite a lot.Did not eat or drink at the hotel - I would recommend hopping on a bus to Fitzrovia area 10 mins away, where there are countless better options, even the Pizza Express across the street is OK !No problems with the room - quiet, comfortable, nice shower.Check-out queue was huge but as we paid in full I just dropped off the keys without queuing.I would recommend this place for a clean, comfortable stay, especially if you want to be near Eurostar stations and do not need designer glamour.	
Jan 1 2008 	very good hotel	i´ve just stayed at this hotel and i spent 5 days.very good hotel, extremely good breakfest.only one problem if you have a light sleep : at this period of the year there were thousands of adolescents making noise at night.location great. between to undergrounds and beside trais statios (from eurostar).except the noise (because its a huge hotel), everithing was perfect.	
Dec 18 2007 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel - modern with a huge room and bathroom. Having heard about the not so great hotels in the UK and Europe, we were very pleasantly surprised. The food was yum as well.We also found the staff very helpful, especially reception and the concierge when we had to print and fax some personal documents back to Australia. They could not help us enough.The location is not central, but very close to Madame Tussuads and Euston and Pancras St underground stations as well as a bus at the front door. My only complaint would be the lack of facilities around the hotel that catered for our 11month old such as formula, nappies etc. but we managed.Probably more a business hotel but we still liked it, it served it's purpose and gave us somewhere to retreat to after a long day of sightseeing. We'd go back!!	
Nov 30 2007 	Excellent breakfast!	We had a two night stay at this hotel, the room was spacious and clean but only one chair. Excellent view of St Pancras from the room, worth going to the top in the panoramic lift for what you can see of London. (But don't joyride at busy times!) During ourstay one of the lifts was out of order and on occasions we had to wait up to 10 minutes to squeeze in. Yes, we tried the stairs once, its a very circuitious route and we exited via the kitchen area. There may be a queue for breakfast but the staff are very efficient and friendly and the choice of food is first class and certainly during our stay we could not fault the quality. Its proximity to Euston/ St. Pancras enabled us to travel to anywhere in the central area very quickly. All staff (bar one misery) friendly and helpful, would happily stay again at this hotel.	
Nov 21 2007 	unfriendly two star hotel charging four star prices!!!	ok as a basic two star hotel, but definately not worth the price. Nothing to do in the area day or night except travel to france on the eurostar. Dodgy at night - don't come here if you're a single woman. Unfriendly staff (professional, but no smiles apart from the restaurant staff). Small rooms, comfortable enough, but very basic, and you hear your neighbours. Soggy bacon and burnt hash browns for breakfast - I've had a better meal at service stations! As for the evening meal - 30 pounds, and I had to drink an alcopop afterwards to take the taste away! I'm very surprised it's got such great reviews. If you're on a business trip, I guess it'd do as an overnight stay if you just want to sleep, but I certainly wouldn't come here on holiday. I'm a big traveller and I generally stay in the same chain of hotels (accord) and I've never been dissapointed before. But this one let the side down. I've stayed in much better two star hotels. Only thing going for it, is it's near the tube. But then, so are many other hotels. I'm always looking for advice from this internet site and I always read the reviews before choosing. That's why I felt it necessary to write this review. So it may be of help to others.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great ... Just What We’d Hope For	This hotel was our first stop (three nights) on a five week holiday to the UK. We arrived just after 7am, exhausted after a very tiring 22 hour flight from Sydney, and dropped our luggage off with the hotel porter; very easy. We were a little hungry, so decided to try the brekky in the hotel’s restaurant, which was one of the best breakfast buffets we’d seen in a long time; the service was exemplary, the decor modern, and everything clean and shiny. It was busy, but things moved along pretty quickly, with the French (I think) maitre-d calmly managing the large flow of diners in and out. No problem with food running out, as happens sometimes when the buffets get busy - all options were quickly refilled when they reached the half empty mark.The check-in process that afternoon was quick and efficient, and the room was exactly what I’d requested in my online booking - on a high floor (10th), quiet, with a rollaway bed, rather than sofa-bed, for our daughter. The room must have been a disabled-access one, because the bathroom was very spacious, with a bath and separate shower, which had a kind of swing-gated door; the downside being I managed to flood at least half the bathroom every time I showered. Other than that minor inconvenience (bathmats &amp; towels were in abundance), the room was clean, modern &amp; whisper quiet, with a very comfortable king-size bed and separate desk area.Location-wise, not bad. There’s a nice Italian restaurant across the road, and a couple of small grocery shops nearby, plus it’s between two tube stations (10 minute walk each way), We found though that the all-day bus passes were great value; hop-on hop-off, with the bus stop only a two minute walk from the hotel’s front door, and the trip to all things touristy less than 15 minutes. Those double-decker buses were my daughter’s favourite thing about London, much more fun then the tube, which was hot, cramped, smelly and generally unpleasant.I’d have no hesitation staying here again; when I booked the website had a special 3 for 2 night deal, but even so, I thought this was a lovely modern hotel, had friendly efficient service, and was in a good location.	
Oct 31 2007 	Lovely hotel	We stayed at the hotel for one night on a theatre break and it was a beautiful hotel. We stayed on the 15th floor and the view over London was marvellous. We had our evening meal in the hotel because the West End was so busy and the service and food were very good. One point, there was a very large queue for tables for breakfast. When you got a table the breakfast was very good, but it may pay you to be downstairs when breakfast commences rather than have to join a large queue. In conclusion a lovely hotel, definitely recommend it.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great place - short walk from Kings Cross	I have no complaints whatsoever about this place. You can walk to Kings Cross in minutes, there's a Starbucks across the road for people who like high levels of caffeine, bars and restaurants (Pizza Express) across road. The rooms are very nice and comfortable, and staff were happy to look after my bags before I could get into my room and after I checked out - whilst I explored the city. Top marks.	
Oct 20 2007 	Novotel Hotel near Kings Cross	We needed a place to stay in London near Kings Cross as we would be leaving by train to Edinburgh the morning after arriving in the UK. The Novotel was within walking distance (with big luggage!). It is a very nice, clean hotel that caters to business people. The service was great and the decor was &quot;European modern&quot; and upscale. It is located in a busy area, so if you have trouble sleeping, ask for a room away from the street. We didn't eat in the restaurant as there are a few nice pubs in the area and we actually like pub food! On some reviews I had read that the area was a bit &quot;seedy,&quot; but we didn't find that to be the case. I don't think it is the best place to stay if you are spending time in London for sightseeing, but great for catching the north bound trains.	
Oct 12 2007 	Nice hotel  excellent location  spacious rooms	THe Hotel ist just 2 minutes away from either Euston or King's Cross Station and many bus lines ..It is located on busy Euston Street, but we had a room to the back on 2nd floor and it was very quiet. The room had a King size bed and was overall very spacious and nicely decorated, very clean and for the price we paid on hotwire it was a steal.I would recommend going somewhere outside for breakfast, prices are high . Same for the In-room entertainment and Internet. There is a Starbucks just on the opposite side of the street for easy breakfast and internet !Would recommend staying there and it is a nice starting point for all London activities !	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel in a very nice area. The proximately to King's Cross and Euston Station make it a great base for exploring London. We had a king sized bed in a very modern and clean room. The staff were very good and helpful. The concierge directed us to a small breakfast place behind the hotel that ended up costing us 3.85 for two. It was just a little hole in the wall place but this is what we had asked for.There is also a market on this street on Friday's. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 22 2007	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed at the Novotel a few years ago for 2 nights, it's a beautiful hotel in a great place. Regents Park is only down the road with the infamous London Zoo, Madame Tussauds is beside Regents which I feel is getting a littel expensive and dated, but thats what this review is about.The Novotel is set between Euston and Kings Cross stations so you'll have no problems getting anywhere you want to go.The bedrooms are beautiful with great aircon for those hot days that the UK gets twice every decade. The bathroom has a huge shower and beautiful glass sink and the beds are very comfortable. The mini bar is stupidly expensive like most places, but they don't use the automatic charging system that some places have, so you can remove all their drinks and food and go to the local shop just across the road and down to the left a little and get supplies there.We had a few problems that stop me from giving it 5/5 - It took 3 hours to check in because the room wasn't ready, the drinks at the bar are pathetic, £8 for a Malibu and Coke from the squirty gun thing. Our window nearly fell off and the shower flooded because it was blocked. I put this down to bad luck and I have no real complaints, afterall I got a bargin - £66 per person for 2 nights.I suggest you stay here and try out more of the hotel facilities like the gym etc that they have, we never had time.	
Sep 21 2007 	Good clean hotel	I stayed here for business and was impressed. The hotel is around 3 mins walk from Kings Cross Station, and a little further from Euston, right next to the British library. Reception is imposing, with helpful and efficient staff. I was on the 15th floor so the view was great and the room spacious, nicely done out and clean. No bath but an effective shower with plenty of hot water. Breakfast was OK. Only complaint with the room was that it was freezing cold (that's how I know there was lots of hot water, couldn't bring myself to get out of the shower!) and I couldn't work out how to warm it up.The area is OK, there are a few chain restaurants nearby and it is convenient for the tube etc. Would happily stay here again anytme, for business or pleasure.	
Sep 18 2007 	good facilities clean and tiday	Booked in by the organisers of a conference I was attending. Arrived mid-afternoon. Very efficient desk staff with good local knowledge. Room was clean, tidy and aircon was on so pleasant atmosphere. Bathroom was smart and plenty of space with fluffy towels. Lots of hanging space, and an ironing board in the cupboard. Good TV/information system. Point for MP3 and computer. Bar menu for supper was varied, but quite expensive. Twin beds, both well made. Slightly above average noise during the night (police sirens). Breakfast - huge choice and good food, coffee and tea when required, including peppermint tea. Conference facilities superb, but aircon was rather chilly. All in all, a good venue with competent staff and a busy but pleasant ambience.	
Sep 18 2007 	Modern and Clean. Great Stay!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Novotel Euston as part of a package getaway to London from Swansea in September of lst year (2006). We found the hotel to be firnished in a clean modern manner.The location of the hotel was rather good with the Euston tube station only 5 minutes walk away. The hotel is rather large as far as height goes, and therefore shares wonderful views of London from high floors.The only food we had was breakfast, which was outstanding and there was plenty of selection. The area around the hotel provided a newsagents nearby as well as some restaurants.Would definately recommend for a couples get away to London as we did, although the hotel did seem more suited to buisiness clientelle although this did not pose a problem.Great stay.	
Sep 11 2007 	It's alright	I stayed at the Novotel Hotel for 3 nights for business. The accomodations were very comfortable and clean. The staff seemed helpful but in all actuality they didn't help one bit. 1) no wake up call luckily I set another wake up call via the TV which worked very well 2) no internet in my room later I find out it was a faulty wire which I fixed myself even though the night manager came up and thought it was a hopeless case. Other than that though - good price and great breakfast but you are on your own when it comes to service.	
Aug 24 2007 	See the view from the top !!	Just come back from a fab 3 days in London (even though it rained every day !!). Took my 13 year old son for his first visit to the Capital. I had intended to stay in the West End in a Best Western but when I read the reviews I was very worried. The Novotel proved to be a fantastic choice. The room was lovely and the bathroom was very plush with 2 shower attachments (from the ceiling and a detachable one) and all glass fittings. Flat screen TV and tea, coffee, etc There was nothing else we could have needed. The breakfast was plentiful, both cooked and continental. The staff were lovely. The best bits were the fact that we were two minutes walk from Kings Cross and Euston and the middle lift had a panoramic view of London from the 2nd to the 16th floor. We went up to the 16th floor twice just for the view!!! All in all, it had everything we needed and I wouldn't hesitate to go again. We also got a very good deal for 2 nights, not much more than for one night!! As buses went past every few minutes we went all over the city on the bus which cost me £3.50 per day and was free for my son. On the last day, the hotel securely held our luggage so we could still have a full day exploring.	
Aug 19 2007 	Convenient location 	I stayed in the hotel with my family for 4 nights. I booked the room through the hotel website for a family room at the back of the hotel with special rate abnd a sofa bed for my daughter. The room is nice and clean. The price is reasonable considering that it is a 4 star hotel and located within the city centre.It is only a few minutes walk from Euston or King's Cross tube stations which was very convenient to us as we used most of the time the tube as our transportation within the London. It is also opposite to the Britsig Library. The bus ride on the route no. 10 to Knightbridge was fantastic.The breakfast is great with choice for juices, cereals, fruits, etc. You might need to go to the restaurant earlier as there will be queue especially during weekend.The only hiccup was the cab ride from the hotel to Heathrow Airport. I booked a black cab from the concierge the night before as I didn't want to carry all my luggages up and down the trains. The fare was fixed at 50 pounds. When we arrived the airport, the cab driver asked me to pay by the meter. I argued with him for som time without any success and finally paid.Apart from that, I would recommend this hotel to anybody travelling to London with children for vocation.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great value	Booked a theatre break through Superbreaks and chose this hotel on the location and Tripadvisor reviews.Location is spot on for arrival by train to Kings Cross, turn right and walk 800 yards and you are there.Across the road there is a late night shop for food/drink, Starbucks, Pizza Express and a few pubs.Hotel was clean, modern, very large room with LCD TV, glass door to bathroom, glass sink, all very stylish. We had and room at the rear on the 2nd floor and it was really quiet.A word about someones comments regarding noise - the window handle turns 2 ways, 1 way allows air in and therefore noise, the other way stopped all noise even on a lower floor.Staff were very polite and breakfast could not be faulted.Our stay was on a par with other hotels we have stayed around the world for loads more money.Excellent value, we will return.	
Aug 13 2007 	Beautiful Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night and found the hotel to be excellent. First and foremost, this is a beautiful hotel that is tastefully decorated. The rooms are modern, and the bathroom is visually pleasant. The rooms are also clean with many useful amenities. Novotel Euston is also perfectly located. It is within walking distance of the Tube and only a 5-10 minute bus ride to Trafalgar square and Big Ben. I would highly recommend this hotel to all tourist or business travellers just passing through.	
Aug 11 2007 	Great location	My husband and I stayed at the Novotel Euston for two nights in July 2007. This hotel was similar to hotels in Canada and the US in amenities and style. The room was smaller than North American standards, but larger than European. The buffet breakfast was spectacular and included in the rate. The hotel is located near two major tube stations and train stations. King's Cross/St. Pancras is two blocks to the east and Euston is two blocks to the west. It was very easy to walk to the stations pulling luggage on wheels behind. The hotel is located on a fairly busy road, but we could not hear the traffic unless our window was open (we were on the 5th floor). The hotel is right across the street from the British Library and within walking distance of McDonald's, Burger King, Starbucks and a convenience store. The room was in good condition except for a few missing tiles in the shower, otherwise clean and well maintained (See some of my pictures)	
Jul 24 2007 	Disatrous night with endless fire alarms	Fire alarm sounded at 02:36 and continued on and off for the next 2 hours. No responsible English speaking management on site with blind and elderly guests given no guidance to assembly point. Lifts remained out of action when entry permitted - still no staff to provide assistance. Even water was refused to guests in need and cleaning team seemed keen to keep guests away from refreshment areas. Major neglect of how to deal with customers in an emergency situation and no staff member on site to identify that this was a technical fault rather than a need to evacuate 300+ guests. A truly awful guest experience and no apology or offer of refund in the morning.	
Jul 22 2007 	VERY poor management	I know I have given this hotel a very low rating. I will explain why in a bit. First however I ought to mention what is nice about the hotel. The location for access to the tube lines is very good. This was one of the main reasons for staying here. Its a very modern hotel and it has a very contemporary feel to the decor. The room was a great size and the views from our 15th floor window were great. So why the 1/5 rating? Lets start with the room noise. I can sleep through an earth quake but my wife simply could not sleep with the sound of the traffic out side. Now I know its London but we were high up and the windows offered no real noise protection. Being at a junction meant that instead of a steading road noise we were subjected to starting and stopping cars, reving engines and heavy braking. So its 2am and my wife is really struggling to sleep...not to worry...the fire alarm goes off. It last about 20 ear hurting secs and then stops. A quick look out the room and we go back to bed. About 5 mins later my wife asks me to see if reception have any ear plugs. I get dressed and find the lifts are out. I walk all the way down to the fourth and find alarms going off and people not being able to find the exit. I go and get my wife at, at which time the alram then starts up on our floor again and we find our way out .30 mins later and we are all outside and not a member of staff in sight. Its now 2:30 in the morning!!! When we finally get back in the staff can't find all of us a route back to our rooms and there is no stair case from the lobby up to the tower rooms! Finally back in our rooms we try to get some sleep but the alarm goes off again...and again...and again!!! The alarm goes of intermitently until gone 5 in the morning!!! Not a sorry from the hotel nothing. Having had no sleep all night the only way we could get to the late theatre performance than night was to get some sleep during the day. Needless to say we won't stay at this or any Novotel hotel again. I dread to think what would have happened if there had been a real fire!!!	
Jul 21 2007 	Pretty good	I stayed here with work last summer and would definitely come again at my own expense. The room was comfortable if not all that big and had quite a funky bathroom. Given the location, the room was quiet and overall the hotel had a nice atmosphere to it. I used the gym a few times as it felt a lot less cluttered and more inviting than most hotel gyms...you can run looking out over the British Library. The hinge was broken on my tv cabinet but I don't think I can fault anything else really except that it can be a tiny bit expensive if you don't get a &quot;special rate&quot;.	
Jul 16 2007	Wonderful views	Although 10 August 2006 was not the first time that we stayed here, it does get better each time! We have frequented the bar on many occasion - as well as a great place to meet location wise, the bar area is light and airy with friendly staff and a good wine listThe standard rooms are great value, always spotlessly clean and well decorated. For just that little bit extra the executive rooms are well worth it - our favourite room is 1404. A large room with great views over London through the picture window. If you sit on the window sill you can lose yourself in the vision before you as the world carries on outside	
Jul 15 2007 	Very good value. Good option for families. Highly recommended.	This hotel offers very good value for a centrally located hotel. Our stay was 16/17 June 2007. Cost: $510 AUD (218 GBP) for 2 nights for 1 adult and 2 children. This got us a room with a sofa bed and a double bed and included breakfast (more of that later). The room was well set up with a foyer/alcove that had the sofa bed, then the bathroom (which separates the alcove from the main bed area. Layout was great for family as it offered privacy for both kids and adults, whilst still being in the one room. The Bathroom was spacious, well lit and it was the best shower (great water pressure) that I had in 3 weeks! Big windows with a view (see pics). 2 tv's (1 in each area, kids happy with the Simpsons, me with the BBC . . ) Only complaint would be that it was a double bed (not queen) and the sofa bed was a little hard to set up (but housekeeping responded very quickly), also rooms facing Euston Rd can be a bit noisy - but then you are in London . . . Location: Euston Road - inbetween Euston and Kings Cross/St Pancras railway stations (both tube and British Rail). Opposite British Library (free 7 days). Food: a full buffet breakfast was included and it was EXCELLENT! A bonus is they serve it until 11.30 on weekends. There was everything you could want, and it really was excellent quality for a hotel buffet. We ate late (9.30am), but consequently got through the day with no lunch - well we did nab a croissant and a couple of apples to get us through the day . . . . ). We ate dinner at O'Reillys Irish pub just down the street, and that was a reasonable option (upstairs better if you have kids). Staff: all depts. were very friendly and helpful. Over the previous weeks we had stayed at Fraser Place Queensgate aparts and the Hilton Euston (reviews to come), and I would easily recommend the Novotel as the best of the 3. It was convenient, clean, safe, friendly, well fitted out and you just can't go past the breakfast to set you up for the whole day.	
Jun 29 2007 	Good Location	Clean and comfortable room. Some areas good do with a bit of attention (bar area bit tatty). We ate at hotel at lunchtime (unusual for us) and the food was excellent and reasonably priced. Good location next door to British Library and close to Euston/Kings Cross.	
Jun 26 2007 	Recommended: Could be a lot worse	DESIGN AND DECORThe design of the rooms at the Novotel London Euston is smart and business like. Lots of reds and creams with dark wood furniture makes the room feel cosy and warm. The lighting isn't that great and areas of the room can be dingy at night, even with all the lights on. The bathroom is, by contrast, much colder in feel. Both the door and the sink are glass and opaque and the main wall on the bathroom is covered by a mirror. I viewed three rooms, and while all are of varying sizes, they are all pretty similar and very clean. The hotel entrance, reception and restaurant is very modern, clean and attractive.LOCATIONThe hotel is a 5 minute walk from Euston station to the west and Kings Cross St Pancras to the east. Both stations are major national rail and underground stations. The hotel itself is right on the Euston Road which is very busy pretty much all day. If you're a light sleeper, you will definitely want a room at the back of the hotel (even if you're not, I'd advise a room at the back anyway). The general area where the hotel is situated is fairly safe at all times, although exercise caution at night as you would normally around any major city train station. A red light district is apparently only a few blocks away, so probably best not to go wandering around. The immediate area around the hotel though is perfectly nice. If it's good enough for the British Library just across the road from the hotel, it should be good enough for you.THE ROOMOf the three rooms I saw, one was fairly small while the others were fairly large. In the room I chose, there was masses of cupboard space, a firm, comfortable king-sized bed, a desk, a flat-screen TV with accompanying wireless keyboard for internet access and a connection for an MP3 player, a chair and table and a mini bar filled with (expensive) drinks and snacks. In the bathroom, you'll find the toilet, sink and bath tub (obviously). The tub is average in size and there's two shower nozzles available for some reason. AMENITIESThere two phones in the room, one on the desk, the other next to the toilet (not kidding). There's tea and coffee making facilities, although the kettle is stored in an odd place and you have to hunt for an available electrical socket in order to use it. The TV has a miserable selection of channels although it does offer channels in French, German and Spanish. I'm sure the lame selection is to encourage you to watch the pay-per-view films on offer. There's also a hairdryer (in the cupboard) plus an ironing board and trouser press. (These amenities may vary from room to room).SERVICEI wasn't happy with the noise level in the first room (traffic, lift motor and people in neighbouring room through adjoining door), so after spending four hours in that room, I decided to move. The second room was small and the window didn't shut properly so it was even noisier, so I asked to move again. As every Brit does when they explain they're not happy with something, I felt pretty embarrassed, but felt, because I was paying a lot of money, that I should go through with the moves. The staff at the desk dealt with my polite complaint efficiently and without fuss. At one point, three staff members were crowded around the computer screen trying to locate a good room. One assured me it was no bother and absolutely fine. Thumbs up for the service then.CONCLUSIONThe Novotel London Euston is a good hotel in a good location. While I wasn't happy with two of the rooms due to noise, the third was fine and suited my needs. Would I recommend this hotel to you? Sure. It's not the best hotel in London, but it could be a great deal worse.	
Jun 22 2007 	Good Well-Located Hotel	Good hotel. Room and bathroom in good shape. Best advice from this site was to request that daily breakfast be added to your room rate. The cost was an additional £10 per day. The breakfast is all you can eat. I chose the English breakfast each day. Yes, it is a very heavy meal, but as a heavy meal, I did not need to eat lunch, and sometimes did not feel I needed to have dinner either. So the £10 per day reduced my meal cost substantially. Desk service was spotty on the weekend and late evenings. During this time, I think the hotel staffed the desk with trainees or not so bright people. The daytime staff and concierge could not have been better. I had some difficulty with a plug converter I carried with me. The desk immediately supplied one (taking a deposit). When I returned to the room, I found that my telephone charger did not fit the converter because of the converter’s shape. I told this to the desk. They asked me to speak to the concierge who immediately referred me to a local hardware store who had a correct plug converter. On traveling to the hotel, the hotel is closer to the St. Pancras underground station, about two streets away. Not having been to the area before, I thought given the hotel’s name, it might be closer to the Euston underground station – wrong. The Euston underground station, while still walkable, is about two to three times further away. I would stay here again.	
Jun 21 2007	Great Location	Stayed at the Novotel Friday 15th June for two nights with my daughter. The location was great with our arrival station (Kings Cross) and underground only 5 minutes down the road. The staff were friendly, room clean and very comfortable beds. There was an iron and ironing board, trouser press and fairly decent hairdrier. Breakfast was very good with lots of choice. Will definately return.	
Jun 17 2007 	great hotel	had a fantastic 2 night break at the novotel euston for my wifes birthday.hotel 2mins walk from kings cross or euston stations,good size room large bed,modern bathroom with shower,etc. but the best bit was the fantastic buffet breakfast.staff very friendly and helpfull,will return again next year.	
Jun 6 2007 	Could Be Better	Me and my family stayed here for four nights, occupying two rooms. The rooms were basic and of average size. The room that I was occupying with my husband was terribly noisy as it was located on the side of a busy road (sirens,sirens even at night). We asked to have a change of room but the hotel was fully booked so we had to suffer for two nights without our much needed rest and sleep. Bathroom was also basic, our sink 's drain was not working well. Amenities included a soap and a shampoo. Location was a bit far from the center, and with the reputation of King's Cross as a not so desirable area, I did not feel too comfortable at first.In fairness, we did not experience any untoward incident throughout the duration of our stay.There was a pizza restaurant in front of the hotel, an english pub and a convenience store which we really liked.The staff at the reception were really cold and indifferent. They (especially the women) were unfriendly and unapproachable.If they don't want to deal with people, they should stay out of the service business. They paled in comparison with the hotel's concierge whom I found to be extremely helpful and always going the extra mile just to be of assistance to the guests. We broke our camera (and London was the first leg of our European trip) and he not only gave us a good recommendation on where to have it fixed, he even called the service center to tell them we'recoming. He also gave us directions on how to go to several destinations. Very patient and really wanted to help. Breakfast was excellent. The choices were varied and the food was delicious. The restaurant staff were also friendly and efficient.Not really a great hotel, but just for the concierge and the restaurant staff, and the excellent buffet breakfast, I could give it another try.	
May 29 2007 	Great hotel great location	The Novotel London Euston is a bright, clean, new hotel is a great location, literally next door to the British Library, and a three block walk from the Euston underground (and train) station. I got a fantastic rate on Priceline, which made the trip possible. The staff was very friendly, and there was no apparent negative implication from the fact that I had a Priceline rate. They let me check in early (although I had to take a smoking room to do so), which was great because I had come in on an overnight flight. The lobby is beautiful and designed in a very modern style. One of the hotel elevantors has a window on the outside world for a nice view of that part of London. The room, by London standards, was spacious, with a large bed and a small living area, two televisions, and a bathroom with a shower stall. Nice view of the neighborhood from the window. The maid service was timely, flexible with regard to my comings and goings, and excellent. Although I didn't eat at the restaurant (MIrrors), I had a room service cheeseburger which was made in the restaurant kitchen, and it was one of the best (and most expensive) cheeseburgers I've ever eaten.The only negative was the lethargic concierge service. I asked the concierge for help twice. (1) I asked them to book theater tickets for me. They dialed a ticket broker, then to my surprise handed their phone to me to make the arrangements directly with the broker. (2) When my watch battery unexpectedly died, I asked them where I could get a new battery. Their answer, in its entirety: &quot;Probably somewhere on Tottenham Court Road, You know where Tottenham Court Road is? Just walk along there and you should find someplace.&quot; I was expecting them to crack open a telephone directory or web site, find a nearby jewelry store, call to make sure that they were open on a Sunday and did battery replacements, then give me precise directions to that store. I would have tipped for the service, I swear.But the concierge service was a minor flow in an otherwise excellent hotel. I'd gladly stay here again.	
May 25 2007	Nice hotel but needs improvement in some areas.	I’m a frequent traveler and had to go to London for a conference, the hotel where the conference was held was full so I stayed in the Novotel because it was fairly close and the reviews I read were pretty good.As a general experience I would say the hotel is nice and delivers a good price/quality product, however the mattress in my bed was really old and the springs got in my back all the time y wouldn’t expect a 225 pound a night room to have a lousy mattress and a really old sheet starting to show some holes on it.The other not so good thing was that if you need a taxi early in the morning you better consider getting there at least 45 minutes before your departure time because the concierge goes out the street till he finds an available one and if you’ve ever been in London trying to catch a taxi just from the street at 8 am you know it’s close to impossible. I don’t understand why the hotel (since it’s not just a 1 star hostel) has at least an agreement with a taxi company if not having a couple ready every morning. In the worst case scenario I would at least suggest the hotel to let know the guests that if they are going to need a taxi in the morning consider a long time waiting because of course I wasn’t the only one waiting there.A nice touch is that you can plug your iPod or mp3 player into the TV and listen to your music.	
Apr 24 2007	our favourite london hotel	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times and never been disappointed.It is within easy walking distance of Kings cross and Euston railway stations and convenient for Covent Garden and the Theatres. Breakfast buffet is extremely good value especially when booked on an inclusive rate. Family rooms are excellent with a seperate area with sleeper sofa and 2nd TV.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great Hotel	We really liked this hotel. It is only 5 minutes walk from Euston station and about 10-15 mins walk away from Tottenham Court Road where there are a number of shops, pubs and places to eat. The hotel itself is modern and comfortable and our room was light and airy with a great view of the city. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but more than adequate. Breakfast is a buffet type and for those not wishing to have a cooked breakfast, there was plenty of choice of cereals and fruits, all of which was lovely. Staff at the hotel were very friendly and always ready to help. We've stayed at a few hotels in London, but this was one we would definitely stay at again.	
Apr 3 2007 	Guaranteed Not To Disappoint	I booked this hotel after doing some considerable amount of research on hotels featured in the Superbreaks brochure. I specifically required a hotel close to Kings Cross as we were arriving from Middlesbrough here.The hotel is situated only about a 5 minute walk away from this station and indeed St Pancras and Euston. From any of these locations too are tubes around the area. The hotel is situated about a 30 minute walk away from Oxford Street and about a 15 minute walk from the British Museum. We used the Tube (buy Travelcards before you go) and it was extremely easy to get about.We arrived early 9.30 am and decided to let the hotel know we had arrived and to leave our luggage with the concierge. We were pleased to discover that one of our rooms was available so we left the luggage there. Check in was quick.The first room was a twin room at the back of the hotel. It had everything you would expect from a hotel room, the kids dived on the shortbread biscuits straight away. The room was decorated in a modern fashion complete with a flat screen tv with an Ipod connection. An electronic safe in the cupboard was extremely handy. Bathroom very modern too with your usual supply of toiletries. Very clean and comfortable beds.After a day of sightseeing we returned to the hotel, the room key was available. The second room, a double, was larger and had a desk in the corner positioned so that when you looked out of the window you could see St Paul's, Canary Wharf in the distance. To the right of the window we could see the Post Office Tower. Both rooms were situated on the 9th floor. Again tastefully decorated, comfortable and clean.There are 3 lifts to the rooms, the middle one being the panoramic one. At the very top you can see the London Eye and Big Ben. There are also views to the side of the building of The British Museum and St Pancras Station.The double room was at the front of the building and the only down side to this was you could hear the traffic slightly. However, you could hear sirens going right through the night (Saturday). Sunday night was quiet though. We still managed a good night's sleep though and would stay there again.Breakfast is served in the Mirrors restaurant which is open plan into the bar then into the reception area. Very modern feel which was excellent. We had no problems getting a table on both mornings of our stay.There was a vast selection of food to choose from, cereals, fruits, yoghurts, sausages, bacon, eggs, beans, toast, croissants as well as the usual beverages and fruit juices. You just were given a table and then helped yourself at the buffet (as much as you wanted). Food tasted excellent and was well worth it. Prices were £16 for full English breakfast and rest of buffet or £9.50 for continental breakfast. Our breakfast was included in the Superbreak price.On an evening we went to The Euston Flyer pub and MacDonalds for our teas. There is a supermarket, Starbucks, Pizza Express opposite plus the stations had amply places for food.On the last day check out was easy and quick. We left our luggage with the concierge for the day.All in all an excellent hotel and I have no hesitation in recommending it. It was on the strength of these reviews here that I booked in and was so glad we were not disappointed.	
Mar 31 2007	Great View	My husband and I stayed for a night at the Novotel. I wouldn't rate this hotel as a 4 Star, more like a 3. We had a fantastic room, we could see all of London, from the BT tower to Canary Warf, from the 14th floor.The room was large enought, the bathroom clean and tidy. The only down fall was room service and the brekkie!!!My husband ordered a lasagne after 11pm it cost £9 and was as baked as concrete, my husband picked it up with his hands and ate it like a biscuit! the next morning we hoped that brekkie would be different! nope! Cold and skin on it! I was most disappointed!	
Mar 18 2007 	Consistently great hotel	Consistently great hotel in central London.Next to British Library, a stones throw from Kings Cross station. Possibily the best breakfast buffet in town. Not cheap but worthwhile and usually cheapest on the Novotel website (check for price guarantee).	
Feb 28 2007 	Excellent hotel	We arrived before the check in time but were able to leave our bags with the concierge. When we arrived back at 6pm check in was hassle free and we were soon in our rooms.The rooms were well equipped with a flat screen TV, hair dryer (although awkwardly placed in the wardrobe), trouser press, minibar and tea/coffee making facilities. A nice touch was that a lead is supplied to be able to hook up an MP3 player to the TV so you can listen to your own music.The breakfast buffet was excellent with plenty of choice: full English, fresh fruit, cold meats, yogurts etc. We had to queue for breakfast on our first morning (a Sunday) but staff were very efficient and organised at clearing tables and then showing you to a table, so you didn’t have to scramble around trying to find a table yourself.The bathroom had both a bath and a powerful shower – although the frosted glass door was a bit too modern for me as the toilet was placed next to it!Although not in the very centre of London, the hotel is within about a 5 minute walk to Kings Cross which has many underground lines – we found this useful when some lines were closed on the weekend. It is also very close to Euston station which makes it handy if you are arriving by train.My biggest gripe about the hotel was that it was very hot – even in February! We didn’t have the heating on in the room at all but we had to sleep with the window open. As we had a room at the back and on the 8th floor, this wasn’t such a problem as there was very little traffic noise. On the last day, we were again able to leave our bags with the concierge and then return to pick them up before catching the train home.Overall, the hotel added to my pleasant stay in London and I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Feb 14 2007	Excellent location Excellent Rooms!	Got the room via Priceline.com and I was very pleasantly suprised. This location is between the Euston Station and the Kings Cross Station. Both have access to the tube and bus lines. The hotel is also directly across the street from the British Library.Check-in was great, both fast and friendly. The lobby was impressive. My room was excellent. Very clean and spacious. Being that it overlooked the street, it was very quiet. I was also impressed with the ammenties. Not use to the shower, but it worked great. Only small drawback was that the door to the bathroom was semi-clear glass. I ran into the first nite. Room needs a nite light.My stay with this hotel was excellent. I encountered no problems with either the hotel or the room. I was left in peace and quiet to explore the city. I found the location next to both the bus and tube saved me time and money. Also nearby shops and restaurants were not that expensive (relative term for London).Would definately stay again and highly recommend this hotel to anyone that wants a peaceful stay.	
Jan 20 2007	Room Was Nice but Service unimpressive	As London business hotels go, the Novotel Euston is above average. It has recently been refurbished so both the common areas and rooms are clean and updated with a design-oriented aesthetic that is modern, yet not boring as can be the case with many staid business properties. The lobby is bright, modern and airy, and that sense of light and openness was evident elsewhere by a glass elevator and the large open sitting area flanked by floor-ceiling windows at the elevator banks on each floor. Perhaps the one complaint we had with the common areas was the smokiness in the lobby which permeated from the restaurant, though this shouldn't be a problem by July 2007 when the UK goes smoke-free. The room was quite large by london standards, though I suspect that we just lucked out by getting a corner room and that most of the other rooms weren't quite so big. Since the hotel has been recently renovated, all of the furniture and appliances were quite new including a nifty little flat screen tv. The amenities were good and included nice touches such as a speaker in the bathroom so you could listen to the tv or radio while in there, and wireless internet with hop-on hop-off pay options. This means that I could buy 2 hours of wifi time, but instead of having to use it all at once (like at most hotels) I could hop on for 5 minutes to check my e-mail and hop off, and use the rest of my time another day. The bed was average but the room did include a nice desk area which i found useful. The bathroom was also quite nice, though a frosted glass door took a little getting used to. As with the bedroom it was a large size and was very clean. It too included nice design features such as a glass sink, modern toilet, glass shower curtain, and a large mirror on the wall beside the bath tub (in addition to the one above the sink). The location is not necessarily the greatest whether one is a tourist or business person. The only convenience is King's Cross/St. Pancras station, which is less than 5 minutes away. The British Library is across the street, which is nice, but otherwise the closest major attraction is the British Museum in Bloomsbury which is a 15 minute walk. There are few decent restaurants in the immediate vicinity and the neighbourhood can seem quite dead at night. It is in central london, though just not in the thick of things. If you're willing to walk 20-30minutes to get to the West End every day, than it shouldn't be a major issue.The service was perhaps this hotel's weak point. While we did not have any particularly unpleasant incidents, it wasn't particularly personable or helpful either. Even though this is a large hotel with over 200 rooms, there is no taxi rank or doorman out front. When we inquired about a cab from the concierge, he told us just to hail one off the street. This ended up not being a major problem (it took about 7 minutes to find one) but I still feel a good concierge would have made some further offers of help. He also proved fairly reticent when we inquired about other attractions as well. Value-wise, we managed to book a double room for only US$85/night on priceline, so needless to say, we weren't complaining on that front.	
Jan 19 2007 	Convenient and comfortable	We stayed here for 4 nights due to my husband attending a training course locally and paid a special January 2 night stay rate. It has to be said that to pay the full price listed of £170 a night would have been to my mind, excessive but for £89 per night including breakfast it was a bargain. We had a disabled room, as I needed to have a 'walk in' shower, and it was huge. However in spite of being very careful to keep the doors closed the shower shed water everywhere.. which made the floor very, very slippery. Not great for someone with walking problems. Also, why don’t hotels realise that people don’t use rooms purely for sleeping? It would have made a great difference to our stay to have a small sofa in the room where we could relax in front of the TV for a couple of hours instead of trying use the 2 rather uncomfortable chairs. Having said that.. the breakfast (Full English or continental) was very good, most of London attractions are easily accessible and the concierge (all of them) were VERY helpful indeed. Our room was cleaned each day to a high standard, the bed linen changed daily and the bed was comfortable! Also the pub across the road, Mable’s Tavern has the best beer in London (so hubby says!) By the way, if anyone wants info on using a disabled buggy in London do contact me.	
Jan 16 2007	Mixed review	What made this hotel bearable was the fact that we only paid $90 US on priceline, it would not have been worth it otherwise. We'd booked an upper room facing British library, but when we arrived, our non-smoking room stank of smoke, and the only other available room was a small one in the back with stained curtains and worn carpet. Front desk staff was very impatient and unhelpful. But housekeeping staff was over-the-top friendly, fixed our non-working hairdryer right away, and cleaned everything well. Bathroom and shower very modern and clean, great water pressure. Beds moderately comfortable, if a bit hard. Room service food quite bad. Great location for the underground (esp. Euston Station), also near National car rental on Pentonville Road (book thru priceline/autoeurope for best price). Beware Kings Cross/St. Pancras station at night. We came in via tube from Heathrow and were very uncomfortable with the neighborhood. But we took a taxi for four blocks to hotel and everything was fine. Overall, my least favorite hotel of our England trip, but passable for $90 a night!	
Jan 15 2007 	Thumbs up for Novotel!	Arrived at Euston and made our way to the hotel at midday. Although the room wasn't ready and we were early for check in, it was no problem to leave our bags with the concierge. Check in was quick, and the member of staff was friendly. Arriving back after seeing a performance of 'Les Mis' we found our room to be on the 5th floor, at the back. Unusually, it wasn't possible to see any roads from our room as all you could see were other buildings. However, this meant that traffic noise was kept to a minimum, and when we woke up on Sunday morning, although the window was closed, we could hear birdsong! The room was well-equipped with trouser press, hairdryer, a digital safe, iron and ironing board, and the tea/coffee things which were kept in a cupboard under the TV which was a little odd, as you had to carry the tray over to the bedside desk in order to plug in the kettle. There were only small quantities of tea, milk and sugar, and when we asked for some more, within five minutes a member of staff arrived with an envelope full of replacements!The bathroom was quite well equipped, with an interesting glass washbasin, which meant you could see your feet through it. Shower was good and powerful too. As others have mentioned, the bathrooms have frosted glass doors, which may be a problem unless you are either a couple, or naturists!The only down side to breakfast was having to wait about 15 minutes for a table, as the hotel was very busy with four groups in. The breakfast itself was good (I can recommend the sausages!).Unfortunately the panoramic lift spent the duration of our stay stuck on the 8th floor so we didn't get to travel in it and admire the view. We did have a peek through the door of the gym though, as it was on our floor, and realised that it has a wonderful view of St Pancras station.The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Euston and Kings Cross stations - although this weekend Piccadilly line trains weren't stopping at Kings Cross and the Northern line was shut through Euston! We therefore had a pleasant 10 minute walk to Russell Square station - though the member of staff at the Novotel (who was from Eastern Europe) told us that it might take us 20 to 30 minutes.All in all, an excellent time and probably the best stay either of us has had at a London hotel.	
Jan 11 2007 	London Euston Novotel - Clean modern and comfortable.	Stayed for three nights on Business:-- Very clean-- Modern-- Comfortable (very comfortable bed)-- Good food (Breakfast and room service)-- Good staffVery convenient for three of London's major stations (Euston / St. Pancreas and Kings Cross) and the underground.I usually stay at the Grafton (just down the road on Tottenham Court Road) but, will be staying at the Novotel from now on.	
Jan 6 2007 	Happy overall...	Booked this hotel through their website for 26-30 December. It was cheaper for the first 2 nights but worked out to be an average of 89 pounds per night including breakfast. About 5 minutes walk from Euston train/tube station which will get you anywhere in Central London easily. Check in was quick and frontdesk was helpful. The room and bathroom are good size and very clean. The mattress is soft and very comfortable. Requested extra pillows and this was brought to us quickly. No problem with a/c or shower. We were on first floor facing the main road but barely any noise at all. The only fault I find was the fridge which was really tiny and not cold at all.The breakfast is good with all the usual selection and I really enjoyed it. Staff is mostly friendly and efficient. We ordered room service one night, the food was ok, but will not recommend. There are 2 computers with internet connection in the lobby. The charges are quite expensive, I paid one pound for 10 minutes. Think it will be cheaper at Easy Internet. Concierge helped us book taxi to Heathrow, all done so without a hitch. Check out was also very quick. Overall, am happy with the hotel and think it matches to the price. Will probably return again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Lovely stay	We actually stayed here from Jan. 1-Jan. 3, 2007, but the 2007 option isn't available yet. We also stayed here almost exactly a year ago, and ended up getting it again via Priceline. Our room was quite nice--very clean, great water pressure in the shower, comfortable bed. The staff were extremely helpful with all requests (checking if an establishment was open, asking for an extra pillow, things like that). They also offer some more unique amenities in the rooms now that they didn't have last year, such as a connector for your iPod if you want to play your music through the TV speakers. The TVs are now flat panels, too. Something that they had last year that I still find very useful--they have an area on the mirror over the sink that won't fog over during your shower. So when you step out, you can still see yourself. Handy!The location is great--just a couple of blocks from the St. Pancras/King's Cross Tube stations (Circle, Hammersmith, Piccadilly, Victoria, Northern lines...and maybe one other) and right next to the British Library, which houses a copy of the Magna Charta.While I wouldn't consider it romance central, it provided a very, very pleasant stay for both of us.	
Jan 3 2007 	perfect family trip	We stayed for a 2 night package including breakfast dec 27-29 and had a great great stay. i booked 4 superior rooms - 2 adults 1 child in each room ..we arrived well before check-in time &amp; were given 1 room to put our stuff in so we could head out and see london - all rooms were a little different in size and layout but were just perfect - modern - clean - well designed and tasteful -my room was on the corner with views of the british library and Euston road the kids loved watching the bus's &amp; taxis go by .......this hotel is a good location if you want to take taxis and tube - its a little far for walking to covent garden...breakfast is great -buffet style - traditional english, pastries, meats, cerials, fruits everything . but get there before 9 - it gets busy and you will understand why - its good ...waiters bring coffee pots and hot chocolates for the kids and you eat ...you wont need anything else until 4pm oh and not to forget the glass elevator and the view from the 16th floor - both are great ..i wish our room had that view ..maybe on our next trip ..will be back	
Dec 29 2006 	Excellent	All you need for London.big rooms, we were on top floor and it had 2 tv's!good location, near the tube and train.good staff.Breakfast very nice.price wasn't very expensive buying in advance despite august.totally recommended	
Dec 4 2006 	Pleasant surprise	Stayed 5 nights in the Novotel Euston and was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. Good location between Euston and St Pancras/Kings Cross train stations and attentive staff who dealt with every request in a pleasant and friendly manner (i know this should be a given at any hotel, but it really is becoming less and less!). Reasonable sized rooms that are well kept by the housekeeping staff and a small but well equipped gym all made my stay as nice as can be. I only had breakfast in the resturant so can't comment on the food - but with all of London as your oyster you are spoiled for choice!Possibly not the best value for money, but if you can get a cheaper rate than the hotel offers go for it, you won't regret it!	
Nov 25 2006 	Excellent !!	Can recommend this 110% to anyone staying in London, particularly tourists. . Location excellent, an easy 2 mins walk from Kings Cross, Five mins from Euston. Starbucks and grocery store opposite, pub down the street opposite, easy walk to British Museum through nice studenty area. Lovely view of London Eye, City and Canary Wharf in the distance from my room.. a bit pricey but worth it, especially so if you can get a cheap room.	
Nov 24 2006 	Great hotel shame about the food	I stayed at the Novotel for three days during a business stay. Unfortunately we have a strict D&amp;A policy which involves alcohol (so no drinking for us) and more annoyingly, prepaid food in the hotel.As this hotel trumps itself up as a 4* the food is unnecessarily frilly. I wouldn't eat off the menu, the food is very poor - my steak was so bad I sent it back - I've never done this ever. The buffet food is better, but not astonishingly so.There is however a lovely pub just opposite. Go there, it's nice and friendly and very cheap for London. You'll save a packet!Rooms were lovely, modern and clean. No problems with the staff they were very helpful and considerate. Would stay there again but certainly wouldn't eat in there out of choice.	
Nov 13 2006 	Excellent!	Spent the night at the Novotel London Euston on Nov 11th. Booked this Hotel based on previous reviews and it's proximity to King's Cross station which is where myself and my Wife were arriving. This is literally a five minute walk away as is Euston too. We were very impressed with this hotel. It was clean, modern, the service was quick and efficient and it's rooms were of a high standard. I would advise anybody who books a room with an Accor Hotel to become a member of their Loyalty Scheme. We received a free upgrade to an Executive Room on this basis.All in all, a great hotel at a great price of £89 inc Tax and we will certainly stay there again!!	
Oct 14 2006 	Very happy	Negative: * Noise. I was on the first floor and could hear the traffic from the busy Euston Road below. On the first night it was terrible, but I realised I had not shut the window correctly. They are tricky windows, so make sure they are properly closed. Once they're closed you can mildly hear the traffic but it was not terrible and did not stop me from sleeping at all. The only thing is the buses can be a little loud.* The staff at the front desk used a car service when I asked them for a cab. The fare seemed quite expensive to me. I complained about this and they said the front desk always uses the car service unless someone specifically asks for a normal cab.Positive:* Location. Absolutely fantastic location, right between Kings Cross and Euston tube stops. I could get anywhere in London in minutes. There are plenty of restaurants and shops within easy walking distance, including a great pizza place and a Starbucks right across the road. Burger King and McDonalds are also within a 5min walk.* The room was very comfortable. Modern, well decorated - absolutely no complaints in this area. The bathroom has a glass door on it which you can kind of see through. So that might be a problem for some, depending on your travelling companion.* All the staff with whom I interacted were friendly and professional.Overall:Very happy with the Novotel Euston, and would not hesitate to stay there again. I would try and get a higher floor next time, but once I figured out how to shut the window, the noise was not a major problem.	
Oct 11 2006 	Very Good	Hotel prices are high in London.But this was good value for the money.	
Oct 9 2006 	Modern Chain Hotel but Does the Trick	LOCATION: Right in-between the Euston and King's Cross/St. Pancras stations. A 3-4 minute walk to either. It's an hour ride on the Picadilly line to/from Heathrow. A few bus lines stop only a few feet from the entrance to the hotel as well. And, there are a lot of restaurants (though not award-winning) nearby, including a Pizza Express, McDonald's, a pub, a convenience store, etc.ROOMS: Modern and what you'd expect of a 4-star international chain hotel. Flat screen TV with a wide range of channels, modern bathroom and shower, working air conditioning, and comfortable beds. Pretty clean, though I did see a few loose hairs in the bathroom.STAFF: Efficient, helpful, and friendly. I checked into my room in less than 4 minutes!INTERNET: Consistent with most international chains, internet's available but not free.NOISE: Not a problem. I didn't hear street noise nor noise from other guests on my floor.	
Oct 1 2006 	Modern Designed Hotel	Really modern hotel on the Euston Road in between Kings Cross and Euston. Got a really good price through priceline. Bedroom is modern, large comfortable beds, flat screen tv and also a glass sink in the bathroom. Didn't eat at the restaurant, as looked very pricey. Excellent check in and out. Would definitely stay again	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Value Great Hotel	I spent hours poring over reviews while planning a 10-day trip to England. I stayed at Novotel, Euston only one night as sort of a stopover between Dorset and heading up to Northern England. I came back to London for five days later in my trip and stayed in a different hotel, but regretted not having booked my entire London stay here. The hotel is clean, modern, quiet, comfortable, and while I found the area in the immediate vicinity of the hotel of little interest, it is in an excellent, central spot for exploring London or it's surrounding areas by tube or train. I also happened to have a picture postcard view of the British Library from my window. The staff were super friendly and helpful and the hotel has a generally sophisticated but unstuffy vibe.	
Sep 26 2006 	Excellent location	I stayed here overnight on two separate occasions for business meetings. It is in an excellent location between Kings Cross &amp; Euston stations, and on several bus routes. The rooms are clean, comfortable and have reasonable facilities, including tea/coffee &amp; kettle. The staff are professional and personable. The hotel faces the very busy Euston Road, but sound-proofing is excellent.As a lone female, I felt completely comfortable and secure.The price given location and quality of room was very good. I prefer hotels with a bit more character, but would happily stay there again on business.	
Sep 26 2006	I stayed here and loved it.	After arriving in London from Spain, we very tired and had not slept well for the previous 8 days (Spain's hotel beds were very uncomfortable and at one night I just slept on the floor). Before going up to our rooms, we (2 young men) decided we would meet in the lobby in 1 hour for dinner. Once in the room, I showered and then lay down on the bed for a few minutes of rest before going to meet my friend. I was pleasantly surprised how comfortable the bed and the room was. I could even change the room temperature and fan settings for my own personal comfort zone. It was so comfortable; I had decided to stay in for the night and thought to call my friend….when the phone rang. My friend also loved his room and decided to stay in for the night as well. Wonderful rooms, very clean.Hotel food was good, but not outstanding. They could enlarge their food selections - I do not eat meat. Breakfast at 14 pounds ($26), was a little pricey for just a typical English breakfast. Bar service was slow at first (barman was busy flirting with a couple of pretty young ladies – and who could blame him). However, after a slow start, he kept our orders coming. When we went back for the next 6 days that we stayed, we never had a problem with service. Definitely would recommend this hotel….in fact, I have. California Kid.	
Sep 25 2006 	Didn't want to leave	Clean, fresh, pleasant in every way, great views, good breakfast, good air-conditioning, comfortable	
Sep 25 2006 	No-Novotel	I booked a single room at the Novotel, Euston Rd, London, for a Saturday night (23/9/06). I prepaid in advance via my credit card, and accepted their booking condition which specified that the booking could not under any circumstances be cancelled. I thus regarded myself as having a firm contract with the hotel. Apparently Novotel does not feel itself obliged to respect contracts! I was phoned by the hotel at 6 p.m. that evening, and told that they had a subsequent booking by a group, and that they intended to re-house me in the Novotel near Tower Bridge (the other side of London). Since my primary reason for booking the hotel was to be near a party that I was to attend near Euston that night, I found this excuse to be lame and entirely unsatisfactory. After making a lot of fuss, Novotel eventually found me a hotel fairly near &amp; paid for it &amp; also for the taxi to my event. But the cost of the room there was less than what I had paid in advance to Novotel. It caused me a great deal of anxiety &amp; also inconvenience -- especially since the phone call only came through 10 minutes before I was due to leave to get the train for London.I regard this as a breach of contract. That a hotel feels it can cancel a single woman traveller with such notice is completely unacceptable. Although I had been intending to try out this hotel and consider whether I would use it on a regular basis, I will now never willingly use Novotel again. I thus would warn single travellers--especially women and those with disabilities--from relying on bookings made with this hotel.	
Sep 15 2006	great hotel great location - would stay again	Stayed in the Novotel Euston London for a long weekend in September 2006.The hotel ist very easy to reach via tube and has a straight-through connection with the tube from Heathrow airport.All tourist attractions are easy to reach aswell.The room was clean &amp; well equipped; even modern for London standards.. Nothing to complain.The fron-desk was very helpful !!!!Would definitely stay there again ecspecially with a good Priceline rate :-))	
Aug 24 2006 	Great hotel staff and location!	We stayed at Novotel from 2nd to 6th August, 2006.We arrived before check-in time and with a wrong reservation.That wasn’t a problem for the big-smiled lady at the front desk: she found the solution just in seconds and we got a Superior Room With 1 Queensize Bed And Sofa instead the standard double room our travel agency erroneously booked. And no extra charge. (Not so lucky at another hotel, in Paris: we had to take 2 separated rooms and, of course, pay for both!)We payed at check out with Bancotel tickets, €110 per day plus taxes. Any fuss here.The view couldn’t be better: St. Pancras-King’s Cross Station. Being my two children Harry Potter fans, was a plus. And this location was great when arriving from Edinburgh at midnight.The room was HUGE. Modern, clean and well lighted. My only complaint: the glass shower screen and the glass bathroom door described in previous reviews. All you may need was there: the usual things like Coffee/tea maker (with delicious scottish cookies). And others, like trouser press, a shoe polish kit, desk tools (stapler, scissors, rubber, pens….).We’ve enjoyed our stay at the Novotel!	
Aug 2 2006	Divine Beds Lovely room Highly recommended!	We stayed here for one night when we went to see Evita in the West End, it cost £99 for just the room , breakfast would have been £30 extra for two so we didn't bother. The hotel staff were friendly, our room was available for an early check in at 12 and it was absolutely lovely, the beds were divine huge and soft and extremely comfortable. The room and bathroom were immaculate and everything we needed was available, iron, ironing board etc and also a safe if needed. You can get good deals for this hotel if you check out there website and pay upon booking. I would definitely use this hotel again, it is about 7mins walking distance from Euston Station ideally placed for any night or weekend in London.	
Jul 9 2006 	Adequate	Plus points: - Comfortable beds - a big plus, thoughtfully designed rooms (except for the fact that you have to keep vacating the desk chair to let your partner back and forth).- Functioning Orange wi-fi- Handy location- Okay value for London- Very pleasant, helpful front-of-house staffMinus points:- Terribly uncomfortable, worn-out chairs in the bar and foyer- No parking- Mediocre food and restaurant (the Novotel West across town serves vastly better food served by much more competent staff)- Absolutely pathetic cocktail experience: I asked for an Old Fashioned, a basic, classic, easy drink to make (sugar syrup, angustura, ice, Jack Daniels, slice orange, cherry... that's it), but they'd never heard of it, and refused to make it to my instructions because it wasn't on their list. (You can't call yourself a cocktail barman if you can't produce an Old Fashioned. That's just the rules.)Advice:Worth staying at if you need to be in the area but avoid the catering: try the superb Eagle gastro pub just down the road at 159 Farringdon Road EC1R instead. If you like the Novotel experience (and there's much to like) try the Novotel West for onsite parking, and much better restauration.	
Jun 7 2006	Good hotel for the price	We just have stayed 3 nights at Novotel Euston in London in June 2006. I have booked the room directly at Novotel at a good price (?99 incl tax and breakfast for 2). They have a best price garantie and really the best price can be get via their webpage.I have booked a superior double room with a king ed and a sofa, as it was in the same price as the &quot;normal&quot; superior without the sofa. But we have got it without the sofa, and it was a &quot;normal&quot; one, as there was no more space for the sofa. But it was quite bige, so I have not complained. However I have complained for the TV 3 times. There was only 5 channels (no Music channel), at the quality of the picture was so poor, that after a few minutes I have turned it off. Nothing was changed with the TV during the 3 days.Beside those problems, the room was nice, big (according to other hotels in London) and clean. The breakfast was a full breakfast with a good selection. The staff was friendly and helpfull.The hotel is located between King's Cross and Euston Station tube stations, just 3 minutes walk from each and there is bus stop just in front of the hotel. Very easy to reach the city and all the tourist attractions.The hotel has 3 lifts, and the one in the middle is a panorama lift with glass wall. As the hotel has 16 floors, there is a good view from that lift.I recommend this hotel for everyone who are going to stay a few nights in London. It is good international hotel at a fairly good price. If you are ready to pay twice more, you should find better place to stay, but for this price it is good choice.Attila	
Jun 6 2006	Modern and functional	The Novotel London Euston was a pit stop for one night whilst seeing a show in the West End. It was a Priceline property and I was initially a bit disappointed due to it's location, but on reflection for GBP 57 including taxes and being only four stops to the West End on the Northern Line it really couldn't be beaten. On check in I enquired about an upgrade and I was told for GBP 30 I would receive a king size bed, a free newspaper and two free drinks. I said that if they included two free breakfasts they would have a sale, and they agreed! So for a total of GBP 87 we stayed on the 16th floor facing north (quiet!) in a lovely large room with a very nice contemporary bathroom. Breakfast in the morning was a relaxed affair with one of the best buffet selections I have seen in a London hotel. Public areas are modern to the point of being a little cold and impersonal, but compared to some of the older style hotels where dust and dirt seem part of the experience this was a welcome change! Little tip; take the middle lift to the 16th floor, it has a glass wall and the view of the city of London rising up above the surrounding builidngs is a sight to see! All in all highly recommended	
Jun 4 2006	Comfortable stay	Ours was a short stay of 2 nights. The 2 rooms were ready when we arrived at 10:30 am. Both rooms were located on the back side of the hotel which was very quiet. Rooms with twin beds had minimal walking space, but a nice closet. Rooms with a queen bed had more space, accommodating a table and chair. The rooms and bathrooms were clean. Beds gave us a great nights sleep. Staff was quick to grant our request for extra pillows. The hair dryer was located in the closet, near the safe, but reached to a wall mirror outside the bathroom. The tea tray was replaced daily. The halls were quiet and clean. This is a large hotel, but we never had a long wait for the elevator. The center elevator is glass on the exterior of the building and gives you a wonderful view of the area.Ice machines did not work on all floors. Staff offered to send ice up from the bar, when I needed ice. The staff was very professional and helpful. We found the hotel to be close to the tube... Euston Station. There was an abundant of places to eat at the station and on the side streets between the station and hotel, if you did not eat at the hotel. The British Library was located across the side street. The fact that I was a priceline guest was never mentioned. I elected to not give my credit card number to the hotel, and this was not a problem. Check out was quick and professional.We were very satisfied with our stay and would here again.	
Jun 4 2006	A new generation Novotel	They have done it again! The Novotel experiences I am having just seem to get better and the Euston property is a shining example. I received a warm greeting the moment I walked in the door and check in was fuss free. I'm travelling with my elderly father who is coming from a different destination and therefore could arrive before or after me today. The staff knew of this and have assured me they are on the look out and will ensure he reaches the room. And he did. As a flight attendant for an international carrier I spend 120+ of my nights per year in a hotel room. These rooms are fresh, bright and designed with functionality in mind. There is a great work space with perfect lighting (finally a hotel gets it right). The room is spacious with a safe, mini bar, iron, trouser press, well appointed bathroom - all cleaned to perfection! I can be quite critical as a &quot;tripadvisor&quot; however on this occasion I am hard pressed to find anything which has fallen short at this property. I would say it's a hotel you would stay at for business although leisure travellers may also take of advantage of it for accessibility to rail services. I have to give these guys a 10 out of 10 - it's been a great experience!	
May 21 2006	Great Hotel!!	We wanted to stay near Euston station, and picked up a great last minute deal by booking direct with the Novotel. The hotel is fantastic -- clean and modern, with superb rooms. We were upgraded to an 'executive room' so I guess we're biased. But the furniture and decor were all sleek and moden... And I'm sure it would be similar in their regular rooms.We didn't eat at the hotel, but the food did seem rather pricey. There are plenty of other restaurants, coffee bars, etc in the area, so no need to eat at the hotel anyway.The location is a bit 'out of the way' for your average London visitor... But it's perfect for Euston or Kings Cross train connections.We'll definitely stay here again if we need a hotel in the area.	
May 16 2006 	Convenient	Well maintained hotel with a nice restaurant, a side cocktail lounge and a gym. Rooms are clean with the convenience of setting your own wake up calls on the TV.Extremely convenient for transport - roughly equidistant between the main railway stations of Euston and King's Cross &amp; St. Pancreas. Added to that a selection of Tube stations (Euston, Euston Square, King's Cross) and bus stops nearby.Icing on the cake is that the British Library is right outside the front door.Recommended for single travellers, couples, business travellers, general tourists.	
May 5 2006	very good!	Excellent! Nice staff and superb breakfast. We stayed on top floor, great view.We always had to take the tube in Charing Cross, so we don't know much about the neighbourhood.	
Apr 21 2006	Really great business hotel	For business travellers, this a great hotel with a nice restaurant. I stay here quite often, and the rooms are generally large and comfortable. There is also a gym at the hotel.	
Apr 18 2006	Average all the way!	I stayed here for a night in April. I chose the hotel as it offered pretty good value for money (£70 per night). The hotel is fairly nice, a typical Novotel property. On arrival, we were asked if we wanted to upgrade the room to an Executive room for just £30 more (to include 2 drink vouchers at the bar and a free morning newspaper). We declined as the standard room suited us fine for just one night stay. Our room was fairly small, impersonal but all facilities were clean. The bathroom was tiny with the door opening inwards which made moving around in the bathroom difficult. You cannot fault the room but at the same time there was nothing spectacular about it either. The same goes for the hotel. Everything was just &quot;average&quot;. Having said that, being average is not a bad thing; they'll deliver the basics well (clean rooms and some standard of comfort) but you won't get any surprises either. To make the stay more memorable and differentiate from others (especially in London where the competition is tough), I would have suggested that Novotel would offer the room upgrade for free of charge without the extras on-top. I think this would be a great retention tool for customers with very little extra costs for the hotel itself. The hotel didn't seem very busy so I guess this was their way of making the extra few pounds. I'd stay here again, however, I could just as easily pick the Hilton or Marriott (and earn airmiles!).	
Apr 14 2006	Excellent hotel!	Had great time at Novotel, Euston.The reception staff wast friendly and professional, making my check-in and check out easy and pleasant. The room was spcacious and clean:)The concierge department was absolutely excellent, and made my stay in London so much more enjoyable. All in all, my stay in this hotel was great and would definately return.	
Apr 10 2006	great hotel	this is a great hotel,i booked through the novotel web site and got a very good deal.The hotel is well located,has excellent staff and a nice friendly feel about it.Dinner at night was first class £17 for 3 courses in London is good and the food was excellent.Breakfast again very good,overall a first class hotel with no faults during my stay....	
Apr 5 2006	super Novotel	Amazing Novotel! This was a beautifully docorated, well appointed hotel. It's central location and work out facilities were wonderful. I would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 27 2006	No complaints	Having stayed for one night this weekend I was pleasantly surprised. Booked via Novotel’s web site at their lowest restricted rate, this was a good deal. I was upgraded to the 15th “Executive” level, a nice surprise. I only found out when I got to my room, it was not mentioned when I checked in, this seemed a wasted opportunity to make the transaction a little different instead of the operational necessity. If it was mentioned I would have shown my appreciation and gratitude to the clerk. The room was nice. It was nicely decorated although if you are not familiar with this hotel chain then think “fashionably “minimalist” or “functional” depending on which way you look at it! It doesn’t look particularly cheap but you can tell that cost was an option (the same could be said for people who want to stay here so no complaints). Very clean hotel throughout. I have stayed in much nicer hotels but they have cost a lot more as one would expect. A very nice bathroom, a bit small although adequate, a nice big bathtub all looking fairly new. The bed was not at all comfortable, it was large and new but the mattress was not of a good quality (you can tell that they have cuts in this area) to be honest because of this reason alone I was glad that I only stayed for one night. I would stay again if I got the same rate but for no longer than one night. Tourists do be aaware that this is in a very busy area and although I was on the top floor and there was not as much traffic due to the weekend, the noise was still audible, any lower down and it would have caused a problem. There are major building works in this area due to both extensive modernisation of King’s Cross station (10 mins walk) and the roads surrounding the station including the one's directly outside the hotel.	
Feb 15 2006	FAB NOVOTEL...............LOVED IT!!	Have just stayed at the Novotel Euston at the weekend. Was a little concerned when I heard that the hotel was in a very busy area on the main Euston Road. This all faded on the very short walk from Euston tube. Yes it is busy but no bother at all. From the minute we walked into the hotel for our 1 night stay we were made to feel so welcome. Although check in is 2pm our room was ready for us on arrival at 10.30am. The room was v. clean and comfortable with very little noise from elsewhere. We had tickets for football at Arsenal and show tickets for West End in the evening. Travelling on the tube from Euston was great as all areas were easy to get to. We had paid for breakfast on the Sunday morning, and as it was buffet style this was fab, with a great choice of what to have and as much as you wanted. Overall we found the service, facilites and location of the Novotel ideal and have already booked again for a weekend stay in April.	
Feb 14 2006	Sludge Tour MkII	Yes, it was that time again. This time last year I wrote a review on the same hotel and it was interesting to go back to see if there were any improvements.From what I can remember of last year's review I mentioned the very poor breakfast and the fact we were bundled away into the basement because we were on a coach tour. The food itself (then) was very bland and very cold so I am pleased to report that in 2006 there was a noticeable improvement...both in the food, which was wonderful and hot and the fact we were in the proper Mirrors Restaurant rather than in the basement. Well chuffed!For some reason the Americans seem to think that the rooms in this particular hotel are small...well they are not...for an English hotel at any rate. In my opinion there was lots of room to move around and the bed was better than the Luxor in Las Vegas because of the fabulous, firm pillows. Very good. Had a proper quilt rather than blankets as well. Spotless too as was the whole of the hotel in fact. Plenty of storage space but you have to hunt for the tea/coffee making facility as it is hidden on a pull-out shelf from the top drawer under the television! Took me a while finding the hairdryer too, which is stuck onto the inside of the main wardrobe. Didn't use it though because the rooms are very warm. There is a thermostat to control the temperature but it seems to be hot whatever you do. I ended up switching it off!The bathroom was adequate for its size. The bath is deep so take care getting out of it, although there is a rail to help in this regard. The bath itself is self-clean and I WANT ONE because it's brilliant!! In our room there wasn't much space for toiletries so bear that in mind if you take lots of smellies!There is a mini-bar and room service but we used neither although my fiancee said that the diet coke on the list was cheaper than over the bar. Strange!I should imagine that most people would go out for something to eat rather than eat in the hotel, although I was told it was about £16 for a 3-course meal in there. I noticed it has a rosette award from the AA, which is nice! If you insist on snacking make sure you buy before 11pm as the price shoots up big-time (£25 in fact for a couple of drinks and a sandwich)!!!! Sludge insists he bought it just before 11pm but he was rather inebriated at the time..so maybe the staff were taking advantage of him, I don't know!Please do not buy ANYTHING from that shop run by an ethnic chap over the road. He short-changed my fiancee big-time so buy something only if you are desperate. There are plenty of shops in nearby Euston station (Kings Cross nearby as well) so I suggest you go in there.We used the tube to get to the Leyton Orient v Carlisle Utd game. I think it was £3.50 return which isn't bad...and Carlisle drew, which was a great result as we usually lose on Sludge Tours!A word of warning if you drink bitter, it really is very bad in London. It made some of the hardened drinkers in the party quite ill so please drink it in small amounts (yeh, right) if you can! I am a lager drinker and German lager is very hard to find, unfortunately but I did find some Holsten Export in the pub down the road opposite rather than the main road.Speaking of the main road...yes it is busy but it is in the centre of London, the major city of England so I think road noise is to be expected. Certainly didn't bother me.All in all a wonderful stay during the weekend before Valentine's Day. Will we go back for the 3rd year in a row?Probably! :-)	
Jan 18 2006	Nice Novotel !	I stayed one night at the Novotel London Euston one week ago. I booked the room via Priceline and got a terrific rate (around 80$ inc. taxes).At this price, that's a terrific value.This Novotel is a new generation Novotel and I can say it is above the Novotel average.My room was in a corner on third floor : large and modern, great design and lights, a queen bed a, big sofa, a desk with Internet connection, plug adaptator, two windows giving two directions view, and a nice bathroom. We loved this room !The staff (at the desk and the concierge) was pretty friendly and helpful. We didn't try restaurant or breakfast.About the location, it is really convenient if you are going to use rail stations like Euston, King's Cross or St Pancras. But this is not very central if you want to visit London. Of course, you can take the Underground very easily at Euston, or King's Cross. On october, I stayed at Radisson Vanderbilt, supposed to be a 4-star hotel like this Novotel. And this Novotel is a thousand feet above the Radisson.	
Dec 31 2005	Great Location!	Just spent 2 nights at the Novotel and wasn't disappointed! Having read so many awful reviews about various London hotels I was prepared to pay a little more as I was confident that the Novotel would be a good choice. I was very impressed with the helpful attitude of all the staff and very grateful when they allowed us to check-in early (we arrived at 09.30!)The rooms were very clean and well-equipped, we also got the high floor room we requested (views are great if you get a high floor). The only slight complaint we had was the soft bed. Not great if you have back trouble!...The breakfast was good (included in the rate we paid)and offered a varied choice.Hotel location is excellent! Just 5 minutes walk to Euston station for rail, bus and underground connections. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Dec 12 2005	Great value for price	Just returned home from a great weekend spent in the London Novotel Euston. Really great location for train arrivals from the north. No more than 5 minutes walk from either Kings Cross or Euston mainline and underground stations.The room was very comfortable, large for a modern hotel, well designed with good quality fittings. Large bathroom with separate walk-in shower. (Towels rather small!) We had a room on 15th floor with great views to the north. Very quite - no traffic noise and no sound from adjacent rooms or hallway.One of the best breakfast buffets I have had in a four star hotel - great strong coffee too! Very friendly staff who could not have been more helpful.Only downside - cost of the wi-fi connection. EUR10 for 24 hours seemed high. (Maybe it just seemed expensive because we have just returned from Sweden where every hotel in which we stayed offered FREE wi-fi!)Good hotel to which we will certainly return next time we are in London. Walking times - Oxford Circus/Regent St is about 30 minutes, Trafalgar Square - 40 mins.	
Oct 13 2005	I LOVED This place!	I arrived at the Novotel late. because of a change in flight and the wonderful staff didn't mind and held on to my room and were very accomidating when I arrived at 12:30 AM. I absolutely loved this place and pray I can stay there again. Rooms were very modern, clean and very very nice.Beautiful bathroom. In a great location though, streets could be noisy. Had a terrific English fry up in the restaurant one morning and a drink in the bar one evening. Hotel is close to Kings Cross station and there's lots to do nearby. British Library across street. You got a free paper every morning and there was an ice machine on each floor. This hotel was amazing. I really can't stay enough. I stayed at this hotel as part of my Cosmos trip to Europe. If you have any questions about this hotel or Cosmos Vacations, please email me and let me know. My email is SaraM1976@aol.com Thanks!	
Sep 27 2005	Excellent Service	Me and my wife really enjoyed our stay at novotel euston, we stayed for 4 nights, our room was clean and comfortable and we were really impressed with the staff especially the concierge who were polite and most helpful.we look forward to our next visit.	
Sep 21 2005	Well-priced central hotel	Stayed here last weekend for a rate of £114.15 per night including breakfast. That was quite reasonable for London and the breakfast was excellent (although probably not worth £15 a head if staying room only). Our room was a bit small, twin room on the ninth floor, which surprised me because when I'd stayed here once before on business I thought the room was very big. Obviously not all of them are! However the room was at the back of the hotel so we didn't notice any problems with noise as some other people have said. For some reason I thought when booking that the hotel had a swimming pool. It doesn't but the exercise suite and sauna/steam room are spacious and well-equipped.Staff all very friendly and helpful, I didn't have any problems during my stay. Overall well worth the money.	
Sep 17 2005	Very good indeed	We stayed for 7 nights at this hotel. Seemed to be oriented towards the business traveller, although my wife and I were on a holiday. We fitted in, no worries at all.The hotel is about a block and a half fom Kings Cross St Pancras railway/tube station. It was very convenent. Euston tube station and bus interchange is also a couple of blocks in the other direction.The service at the hotel was good (no complaints) and the room was clean and well presented. I found the bar meals to be good value but the meals in the restaurant, 'Mirrors', were overpriced in my opinion. A few decent restaurants nearby, along with some other eating options at Kings Cross St Pancras Station.Thumbs up from me.	
Aug 20 2005	Nice place bring earplugs	I stayed 5 nights in 2 rooms at the Novotel Euston with my family on vacation. We took a double and a triple, booked online for 99 GBP per room per night including breakfast. Considering London hotel prices this summer, that's a pretty good deal. The rooms were reasonably spacious and nicely appointed. There were a few issues on check-in: 1: The a/c in the triple (a queen with sleeper sofa) didn't work. The staff's response to this issue was polite but not very helpful, as I was asked to fiddle with the thermostat. After a few more complaints, someone told me that the a/c in that room didn't work and wouldn't be fixed, so we were moved to another room, with a great view on the 14th floor. 2: The sleeper sofa in the 14th floor room was broken, but one complaint and it was fixed (or replaced?) promptly.My chief complaint, however, is noise. Euston road is busy day and night, and even with the windows closed, it still sounds like they're open. Several nights, we could even hear (loud) conversations in the street from the 14th floor, at 2 in the morning. There's a lot of sirens, too. They need double-paning on those windows...or something. Bring earplugs if you want a good night's sleep. The glass bathrooms are odd, and not terribly functional. As other reviewers have noted, you have to carefully close and/or position the shower doors and panels to avoid a flood, which is probably why the bathrooms have floor drains. But there's plenty of water pressure, and the shower itself felt great.The staff was generally friendly, although sometimes their command of English wasn't the best (many are foreign-born, it seems). The English breakfast buffet was full-on, lots of choices and very tasty. One other caveat if you're from the US: On checkout, without asking me, they did me a &quot;favor&quot;, and ran the transaction though my credit card in US Dollars, at a less-than favorable exchange rate (3%). If you're smart, you're using a card that only charges 1%, and you're better off having them process the transaction in pounds. Unfortunately I didn't notice until after we'd left (it was early in the AM). I believe that if you see this before you sign, you can request that they process the bill in GBP, and refuse to sign until they do. Otherwise, if you're like me, you've just given the hotel a $50 tip.	
Jul 3 2005	Great rooms nice location	The room was very good for the $$ and the complimentary breakfast was outstanding. Right across from British Library, go see the Magna Carta and other amasing documents. A tad far from the BIG attractions, but tube station is less than a block away. Staff helpful..a major surprise in London.	
Jun 1 2005 	Comfortable and Convenient	I regularly travel to London on business and rarely spend much time in the hotel room. Normally I stay at The Caesar since the prices are so low and it is definitely a bargain for London. This past April I spent a little more money and stayed at the Novotel Euston - it was a great experience. The staff were very friendly, I ate dinner in the restaurant and had the breakfast buffet every morning and it was very tasty. The hotel is clean, seems safe and not far from the City, a short walk to the tube. I was in a room with a comfortable single bed, the bathroom was spacious and clean. The gym is also pleasant with a view over the neighborhood and sun deck (whatever sun there is in London). The walls are not completely sound-proof so I could hear my neighbors at times but overall it was a very good experience. Their wake-up call service needs improvement (they missed 2 wake-up calls) so I suggest using an alternative method like the TV alarm. I've stayed all over London and this was definitely worth the expedia price.	
Mar 16 2005	Great location	Actually booked it thru priceline and paid &lt;$100 US a night for March 2005. A great deal. Is located near Kings Cross station allowing subway access throughout London and train access throughout England. Otherwise, the area is fairly quiet with some retail and limited site seing. Staff was wonderful and a pleasure to deal with. Rooms were clean and spacious. For our first time in London, this made for a great time. As long as you don't mind NOT being in the heart of all the action, this is a great place.	
Mar 15 2005	Good Value	Large, modern hotel located within minutes of King's Cross and Euston stations - excellent base to get anywhere quickly. While this area has quite a bad reputation, the hotel is located on the (very) busy Euston Road and is quite safe. We stayed from Mar 12-14 on an excellent deal direct from the hotel's website - £89 per night, which is great for a good hotel in central London. Staff were very friendly and we were delighted to be informed on arrival that we had been upgraded to an 'executive' room. Room was fairly large, with a massive, comfortable bed, modern furniture etc. Bathroom was a good size, with a glass sink (uncracked!) and bath/shower. Shower was wonderfully powerful and I hardly wanted to leave it! Room was on tenth floor with great views. Corridors were very quiet (even though the hotel was full). Breakfast was your usual (included in our rate - NOT worth paying £15 extra for!). Lobby area is very open and the bar is pleasant, albeit more of a continuation of the lobby than a bar proper. Negatives - As mentioned, the Euston Rd (which we overlooked) is very busy, with large volumes of traffic 24 hrs a day leading to quite a bit of noise. This was exasperated by the fact that we couldn't fully shut the window (in their defence, we didn't inform staff); if staying again, I would ask for a room at the back. The air conditioning was a joke, with hot air spewing out no matter how low we set the temp (we just turned it off, although some heat still came out); the room really was uncomfortably hot at times (again, we didn't mention it to staff).Despite these drawbacks, we felt that the hotel was well worth the money paid (for London anyway), although we wouldn't be so keen to pay the rack rates!	
Mar 13 2005	Clean Modern Hotel Bad Night's Sleep	I stayed at this hotel on the 11-12 March, and it was a pretty clean nice looking hotel from the main lobby appearance. Everything was fantastic, including the room.However, there were a few problems:1. Bed was broken and the staff didn't seem to care - I had back pains the next day2. The shower door didn't close properly splashing water everywhere!3. They tried to charge me for breakfast when I didn't eat any! The hotel's attitude is: Let's see if we can charge 'em anyway.But as far as hotels go, if I had gotten a good hotel room, this definitely would have been a 3 star hotel (sorry, for 4 stars, they'd better not charge me for something I didn't eat!).NB: Keep in mind that for the past few years (and probably for the next few), there will be construction around the hotel as King's Cross Train Station is under renovation. It's been like this for the past 5 years.	
Mar 11 2005 	Good location nice modern clean room good view	This hotel is very nice if you get a deluxe room on one of the upper floors - the views over London are great. The location of the hotel is excellent if you have business in Bloomsbury or wish to visit the various academic institutions. The bed was very comfortable and the room bright and, most importantly, very clean. One exception to this is the light coloured carpet, which shows up an array of stains! Another picky criticism is the awful quality of TV reception (with little choice of channels) - a four-star business hotel should be doing better!! As usual, room service is exorbitantly overpriced but a Marks and Spencer food store is located very near at Euston Station. The price of the hotel rooms are average for a nice 4 star hotel, however, don't pay the rack rates.	
Feb 15 2005	Good Location 	Stayed here a couple of times in December 2004 and Jan 2005. On both Occasions we were pleasantly suprised at the quality of the rooms and service. The rooms were clean and newly decorated, bathroom was also very clean and modern.Overall a good value hotel, great location between KK and Euston.	
Jan 31 2005	Great Hotel; OK Location	Stayed here with my girlfriend in December and had a great stay. The upsides were nice staff, big room(for london), nice furnishings, warm comfortable bed, decent rate, and proximity to the tube. Downsides were things of interest within walking distance, lack of activity at night, and small bathrooms. I recommend if you are not afraid to use public transportation to get to the sights and excitement	
Jan 22 2005 	Terrific value for money in London	A hotel located in between Euston and London St Pancras train stations might not be an obvious choice when staying in London. However, you can currently book a standard room in this hotel for about 100 UK pounds which, given the quality of accommodation, is terrific value for money in London. Rooms are clean, modern and have good lighting. In the bathroom, the steam-free mirror is a nice touch. Plus, as the hotel is next to Euston tube station you can easily get to wherever you need to be in London. If your budget will allow it, I would consider a more expensive Executive room for one reason: the views of London from the Executive Floor are simply terrific. In terms of facilities, there is (by hotel standards) a good sized gym which has both cardio and resistance equipment. Hotel staff are efficient and professional and requests are dealt with promptly. The only thing I thought the hotel lacked was broadband Internet access, a facility which is now essential for business travellers.Overall, at current rates, this is a very good hotel. You could pay a lot more and get much less elsewhere in London.	
Nov 11 2004	Great Hotel	Stayed in the hotel for four nights in early September 2004 on my honeymoon and must say we really enjoyed our stay. It did get off to an indifferent start as when we arrived at the hotel we were informed that they had overbooked and didnt have a room for the first night. Consequently we were transfered to The Novotel Tower Bridge Hotel via London Black Taxi where we were upgraded to the executive room and breakfasts.Our room at the Euston was awesome, it was on the executive floor with great views over London. With modern decor, the room was classy and comfortable. Please note that executive floor guests have access to the executive lounge, but this only operates during the week so useless on a weekend stay.Location is excellent, 5 to 10 minutes walk to either Kings Cross St Pancras or Euston train station.Highly recommend this hotel, however I suggest that you reconfirm your room a day or so prior to avoid dissapointment as it is a very popular hotel.	
Oct 19 2004	AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!	Well, based on reviews here and on our first few days, this hotel seemed to be what we expected...a bit low on charm &amp; service, but a solid value and definitely convenient.THEN, on our fifth night there, we came back to our room to find that it had been broken into. Valuables out in the open were gone, but so were things like my wallet with U.S. ID &amp; cash and our cell phones (which only work in the U.S.), which were hidden in the suitcases in the closets. And, to add insult to injury, the thief sailed out with our Harrod's purchases from the day before, right in the shopping bags.While this was horrible enough, nothing could top the callous and indifferent attitude of the Hotel Manager who ignored us for at least 36 hours until we finally got fed up with the deliberate runaround his staff was giving us and insisted on speaking with him, whereupon he told us &quot;Prove that someone got in,&quot; and, when told that our employer (an international TV network) wanted to know the outcome, responded, &quot;Don't threaten me.&quot; Clearly the intention was to &quot;run out the clock&quot; until we checked out. (We unfortunately booked through Expedia, so we had prepaid for our entire stay.) His only concession was to not charge us for the international phone calls we needed to make to cancel cards etc! How gracious!And, the night before we left, a front desk clerk was honest enough to tell me that the hotel had several robberies in the rooms over the past three weeks, and the electronics were being targeted. Too bad that doesn't &quot;prove it!!&quot;A terrible incident exacerbated by the worst management we have EVER encountered, in ANY dealings. NEVER AGAIN!!This visit/robbery occurred October, 2004.	
Oct 13 2004	Great for families incredibly convenient.	Our family stayed at this hotel for three days in early October. We had a corner room on a lower floor with a large bed and a pull-out sofa bed. The room was clean and comfortable. The only problem was the noise level from Euston Road. This could be solved by asking for a room in the rear of the property. I don't understand any of the negative comments about the breakfast which I found quite acceptable and which was included in my room rate. I have had better breakfasts but this one was certainly not one to complain about.Connections to the Underground and busses could not be beaten with two major train/Bus stations (Euston and Kings Cross/St Pancras) no further than 3 blocks from the hotel.There are also many dining opportunities in the immediate area along with a Marks &amp; Spencer &quot;Just Food&quot; store in Euston Station if you should choose to buy food to eat in the room.The staff was efficient if not overly friendly but I am one of those people that values efficiency far more than too much fawning over clientele.Overall, I recommend this hotel and certainly would be willing to stay there on my next visit to London.	
Oct 3 2004	great hotel perfect location	The Novotel is right between 2 major train stations in London and an easy walk from either. It is also next to the British Library and from some floors you get a great view of the city. The panaromic elevator is an added bonus. The rooms are quite spacious and clean. The bathrooms are modern with very nice glass fittings. We found the staff to be efficient if not friendly. The only exception was a fire alarm on our first morning when the staff appeared to be totally unprepared and uncertain as to how to direct the guests. We did not eat there but the restaurant appeared to be nice. There are numerous restaurants within a short walking distance. Overall it is very good value for the weekend rate but beware of the steep increase during the week.	
Sep 15 2004	Multiple Problems But Good Location	We had several problems with this hotel, although its staff was tried hard to fix them. First, the entire hotel phone system was out when we arrived. Our 2nd floor room was very noisy and had no air conditioning, in hot early September weather. We were moved to a room for handicapped, and the shower left a quarter-inch-deep pool of water in the middle of the bathroom floor. The next morning, we were awakened by the fire alarm, and told it was a false alarm and not to leave, then we had to leave, then it was all over. The location is very good, next door to the British Library and three blocks from the Euston station.	
Sep 13 2004	Good value except for breakfast	We &quot;bid&quot; on Priceline &amp; got very good price. Much better than price obtained directly from hotel. Rooms clean &amp; well-maintained. Staff nice. Bar is open late which is good thing because all neighborhood bars close at 11 PM.Location is not particularly good - especially with construction.Breakfast is a ripoff. There are numerous good choices in the neighboring streets.	
Aug 1 2004	July 2004 - very good hotel	July, 2004 - this is large hotel and was very busy when we stayed there for 5 nights. Appears to service corporate crowd, as well as tourists.The posted &quot;rack rate&quot; was 160 Eng pounds per night for basic room, though our Expedia rate was about 85 Eng pounds - which appears still to have been higher than others who have listed prior reviews.Room was terrific. The bathroom was fantastic - very modern - with a peculiar twist on their shower curtain. The bed mattress was terrific and they provide a real down duvet for your blanket, which is a real treat. Clean and spacious, considering the price.Staff was polite but not friendly. Corporate crowd mentality.Problem with hotel is that their furnishings really are quite nice, but their colour scheme is to use light colours for their carpet, wood trim, etc. This means that the slighest wear and tear shows up more noticeably than hotels which use the traditional darker colour schemes. Hotel is in great shape, about 5 yrs old, but wear and tear shows, especially if you look for it.Hotel gym is completely unused, spacious and well-equipped on the 5th floor, with 50% of room encased by windows. Very comfortable workout room.If you're expecting a 4 star North American hotel, you might be disppointed. This is a very solid 3.5 star hotel by North American standards.Location was terrific for us - young tourists looking to take their time to explore London for a week. We did not have tight timelines, so the 15 min travel into the busier City areas was not at all a problem. Getting to hotel, by tube, from Heathrow Airport is ridiculously easy. Hotel is inbetween Kings Cross station and Euston station - about 3 blocks either way. It is a busy location, also serviced by buses constantly.Neighbourhood is on busy street, with lower end housing directly north of hotel - but very safe to walk at night. Well-lit and well-travelled main street.Finally, Marks and Spencer has a &quot;ready to eat&quot; convenience store at Euston station (and all over the City) which is a really convenient and reasonable meal option for those on a budget.We would stay here again, for similar price.	
Jul 13 2004	good value	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights starting June 10th. I booked this hotel on Priceline so was a little nervous when I heard it was near Kings Cross, but it was actually closer to the Euston tube station (3 blocks away.) The room was great for the price we paid. The carpet was stained, but for $90.00 that was fine. The restrooms were very modern and clean. Over all we were quite impressed with our priceline find. We found the staff to be very kind, but watch out for the breakfast. It is not included in your rate.	
Jul 1 2004	Will return - good value	We stayed two nights June 24, 25 and enjoyed the hotel very much. A block from St. Pancreas Station, 3 blocks from Euston Station and about 3 blocks from Kings Cross station. VERY easy access to/from everywhere. We chose it because we wanted to take the Thameslink train from Gatwick and walk to a hotel. The Thameslink arrives at Kings Cross. Later we took the train north to York, again from Kings Cross. Very handy location for coming and going. Modern hotel, i.e. not remade victorian townhouse. Professional staff. Lovely rooms with operable windows and fully controllable heat/air conditioning. All glass bathrooms, i.e. door, sink. Despite full house, the hallways/rooms are very quiet. Will return again in July and in August. Best to book via internet for great rates. Negatives: stained carpet in room; no free hi-speed internet access. But the British Library across the street offers wireless access as does the Starbucks across the street, and an Internet Cafe is 3 blocks away.	
Jun 22 2004	Our Best Stay in Europe		
Jun 21 2004	Okay as expected		
Jun 15 2004	Very impressed		
May 16 2004	Great hotel for the price		
Apr 26 2004	Good for the price in London		
Apr 10 2004	Best quality/price ratio ever experienced in London		
Mar 24 2004	Great Locale in Bloomsbury		
Mar 14 2004	Good hotel		
Mar 9 2004	Does what it said on the tin		
Mar 4 2004	Don't have high expectations		
Nov 23 2009 	très bonne situation mais très très bruyant !		
Nov 20 2009 	Hotelbewertung		
Oct 31 2009 	CONVENABLE		
Oct 7 2009 	Génialissime		
Sep 23 2009 	magica Londra!		
Sep 13 2009 	un peu trop bruyant		
Aug 27 2009 	Très bien !		
Aug 16 2009 	Buon albergo		
Aug 16 2009 	????????????		
Aug 11 2009 	hotel trés bien propre et bien situé		
Aug 9 2009 	Hôtel bien situé.		
Jul 6 2009 	Un bon hôtel londonien		
Apr 21 2009 	Ottimo hotel per visitare il centro di Londra.		
Mar 27 2009 	Un buen hotel en un barrio tranquilo		
Jan 28 2009	Perfekt für Eurostar-Reisende		
Dec 22 2008 	hotel la classe		
Dec 14 2008 	Très bonne situationnovotel de bon niveau mais...		
Nov 17 2008 	bel hotel bien situé		
Nov 5 2008 	Gut aber überteuert		
Oct 19 2008 	In zona comoda pulito		
Sep 24 2008 	Muy buen hotel fantásticamente comunicado.		
Sep 6 2008 	Un buen Novotel		
Jul 28 2008 	Digne des Novotels modernes		
Jul 21 2008 	Vraiement cher pour la prestation		
Jul 17 2008 	excellent accueil		
Jun 24 2008 	Très bon Hôtel		
Apr 28 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Mar 28 2008 	adecuado		
Mar 25 2008 	Ottimo Hotel		
Mar 25 2008 	Trés bon hôtel Excellente situation		
Mar 2 2008 	Tout dépend du prix		
Jan 10 2008	Superbe séjour		
May 24 2007 	Me gustó mucho		
May 19 2007 	Un bon hôtel bien placé		
May 2 2007 	No podría haber estado mejor		
Apr 9 2007	fantastique hotel		
Jan 16 2007 	NOTA: 8		
Sep 13 2005	Modernes und sehr gutes Hotel in guter Lage		
