	Don't stress just book it- it's fine!	I stayed up until 1:30 a.m. one night, stressing about hotels (and their cost !) and especially worrying about the reviews on this place and whether I could find a more affordable, more centrally located, nicer hotel in London. I wish I had gone to bed earlier in the night, because the hotel was fine. It wasn't grand- simple, small, clean and a place to sleep. But it wasn't awful, either. Would I book here again? Yeah, probably if the price was right. However, I wouldn't go out of my way to book here either. LOCATION- I wouldn't say it was &quot;centrally&quot; located- maybe walkable to Kensington Palace, but that's about it. However, it is just about a 7 minute walk to two different tube stops (the district, central and cirlce lines), so that's really all that matters in London. BREAKFAST- We purchased through Veneer and breakfast was NOT included in our price- it would've been an extra 8 pounds. So, instead, we stopped at the Spar near the tube stop and purchased some bananas and cereal bars. Much cheaper and allowed us to get going at our own pace. SIZE/AMENITIES- We stayed in room 37. It was small- if you're American, imagine a typical guest bedroom with bath. However, I personally don't care about having a large room 'cause we are active and siteseeing. Rooms included a nice large hair dryer, shirt press, hot water pot with instant coffee and tea, large closet with safe. The TV did not have cable, only about 5 stations or so... again, doesn't matter to us, but might to others.BATHROOM- Decent sized, with deep tub. Really bad shower pressure. Tile was loose on the floor. Included lots of counter space and a towel warmer. STAFF- Always seemed nice enough. No problems, but they didn't go out of their way to be super kind or anything, either. They did let us leave our bags in the &quot;luggage area&quot; when we arrived VERY early in the a.m. before our check in time. The luggage area was really just open shelves. It worried my hubby at first because we were the first to put our belongings there, but when we got back later that evening, the luggage shelves were full and noone had tampered with our luggage. NEIGHBORHOOD- The street where the Tube exit/entrance is was a bustling area with lots of food and shopping. Some of the restaurants were obviously more geared toward tourists, but there were a few unique spots, including some authentic Chinese and Mediterranean. There's also an indoor mall, marked with a big &quot;W&quot; on the outside near the Bayswater Tube station and I also noticed a few consignment shops, which I was discovered too late to visit. So... if you're up late reading this and super worried about the accomodations... just book it!	
Nov 11 2009 	dont bother	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The hotel is quite small. When we entered the room we where surprised at how small it was, it also had cracks in the celing and the decor was dated. Our room was also located right next to the boilor room so it was a noisy few nights. We paid for bed and breakfast so we where very suprised that at the end of our stay we where charged for breakfast. Its a good job that we did not decide to eat there on the second day as it was disgusting and no way worth the money! If we visit London again we will not stay here again as it was not worth the money.	
Nov 2 2009 	Would come back	Like other rewies, I agree the room is tiny, but I only used it for sleep, so, it was ok. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Really close to the Hyde Park.	
Oct 30 2009 	A little disappointing	Room was the smallest one we have ever stayed in - only enough room for one person to walk around whilst the other had to sit on the bed. Bathroom had mold in the shower, the light pull above the sink was filthy. Good breakfast - apart from the tinned mushrooms. Staff were very helpful and polite. Bed linen and towels were spotless. Hotel was very quiet and a short walk from tube station.	
Oct 26 2009 	gave us a room in lower ground	We didn't pay that much, about 210 £ for two nights. BUT - we got the worst room in the whole hotel: room 2 at lower ground (LG). That was clastrophobic. Our window view was straight into a stair, and we could see the bottom of the cars.... :( In the bathroom there were some muld, not good, especially because my friend was pregnant. Ok service. Good location. No minibar.	
Oct 18 2009 	a very nice place to spend a vacation in London	The Hotel Byron was a very nice place to spend a vacation in London. It is nicely located a half block from Kensington Park and 2 blocks from two different tube stations. There were several very good and relatively inexpensive restaurants near the stations. The hotel itself was a small older hotel that had been recently updated. The rooms were small but comfortable and the bath rooms were relatively modern. They had an interesting electrical system that had you plug in a card when you entered the room. The key to the room was attached to the card. When you leave, you must take your key and therefore unplug the card and turn off the power in the room. The beds were very comfortable and the hotel was very quiet. The bath consisted of a bathtub with a shower in it. It was clean modern and comfortable. The rug was quite old and stained. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The Breakfast, which did not come with our package, was very good but very expensive at 7.5 pounds. We ended up over by the tube stations for breakfast most mornings. There are also a couple of restaurants with free or inexpensive web access so you can avoid the high price in the hotel. Overall I would rate the hotel as very good and would recommend it to others.	
Oct 7 2009 	Brilliant location excellent value for money	The location could not be better, close to two underground stations and two minute walk to Hyde Park and in a quiet street. Room was tiny but clean with comfortable bed and good shower. Breakfast was excellent, English breakfast cooked to order in addition to the usual continental selection.	
Sep 29 2009 	Very nice accessible London hotel	After much research on where to stay in the Bayswater/Paddington area of London (just north of Hyde Park) on this, my second visit to London -- including corresponding with many of the reviewers who contributed to TripAdvisor.com -- I decided on The Byron Hotel on Queensborough Terrace. Its location partway between the Queensway and Lancaster Gate Underground stops on the Central Line was critical to my choice.Additional reviewer comments factoring into my decision included the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness of the rooms. All of this was true to the utmost. Granted, the hotel rooms are small and pricey by U.S. standards ... but when Rome, etc. From what I could see, all rooms were updated, with tiled baths, nice showers with plenty of hot water, clean sheets and nice furniture. My only complaint was that my initial room, on the first floor, was a bit noisey. I asked to be moved to an upper level, and the staff very kindly accommodated me within an hour of my request.Readers should know that when London hotels say &quot;coffee and tea services in the room,&quot; they really mean a tea kettle with instant coffee -- not a drip coffee pot like we have in U.S. hotels. I, however, knew this from my previous travel to London, so I planned ahead and purchased those individual coffee bags (like tea bags) before I left the states. That worked out well because they taste better than instant coffee and take up very little room in luggage.Readers should also be aware that, contrary to the electrical system in the U.S., in order to activate electrical outlets in the UK, you first need to flip the switch next to each outlet (or lamp) to get the juice flowing to the outlet. After doing this, then plug in your adapter and converter to get electricity to your hair dryer or flat iron (in-room hair dryers are provided, but I brought my own). Knowing this beforehand can save you from making a frantic phone call to the staff when you're rushing to get ready in the morning! Also, when you leave the room, all electricity is automatically turned off; so I'd recommend leaving a window open so your room isn't so stuffy when you return.Another bit of advice: when advertising says &quot;fully air conditioned,&quot; it doesn't mean the level of coolness we're used to in the U.S. Rooms have only one air-conditioning register (and no return register to draw cool air down, like we have in the states). The cooling factor in my room for late September was adequate, but just barely. London has gotten increasingly warmer over the years, and its summers have become rather difficult. For those who can't tolerate the heat very well (like this reviewer), I'd recommend traveling in late September or October.Again, the staff was fabulous ... so very, very nice. My compliments to them all. And the room was very clean. I would stay there again ... and I certainly hope to do so within the next five years or so!Please feel free to email me with any questions, either about the Byron Hotel or London in general.heleneg@temple.edu	
Sep 18 2009 	Beware the basement rooms	I am sure that this is a wonderful hotel to stay in -- unless you are put in a basement room. Reading the other reviews confirms this in my mind. We arrived late on a red eye flight, tubed over to our hotel, checked in easily, and were sent downstairs. Our room was huge for a London hotel room, but the shower leaked and there was a very strong smell of mustiness that ruined it for us.Service was fine, breakfast was solid, the room was ok and a good price performer -- except for that smell! I would never want to stay in their basement rooms again; I might go back if I was guaranteed not to be put in them.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very nice hotel very clean.	This hotel was very nice. The rooms looked newly refurbished. It was very clean. We love the location near Hyde Park. Paddington station is about a 15 min. walk and it is close to the Queensway Tube station. Some might want something closer to more sights though. The room was very small, but this is typical for London. It is probably the nicest hotel we have stayed at in London.	
Sep 14 2009 	The Byron Hotel feels like coming home	Once again we had a great time at the Byron Hotel! Thank you for all - it is such a lovely and helpfully staff. It is allways a pleasure to come to the Byron - feels like coming home.Thanks for a great time in London	
Aug 22 2009 	Fantastic well equipped friendly hotel	I stayed at the Byron with my teenage daughter and we had a Fantastic time. The hotel was easily located from the directions given from the tube station and when we got lost late at night we rang the reception and had an extremely friendly, helpful response and found the hotel within minutes. The room was well equipped and we wanted for nothing. Although we didn't get chance to use them the garden looked beautiful from a central London positon and the restaurant was well also something that promised lots but we didn't have chance to sample. Would recommend and will certainly use again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Country hotel in the middle of London!	That's how the hotel describes itself, and its not too far from the truth! I stayed there for two nights with my girlfriend, mum and 5 year-old son, and we all thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is situated approx 5 mins walk from Queensway and Bayswater tube stations, and 2 mins from Hyde park. We travelled to/from Paddington which is just one stop away on the District &amp; Circle line. The rooms were very clean and well presented, having been recently re-decorated. All the normal facilities were provided, with flat screen TVs and wireless internet access available. The breakfast was slightly pricey at £7.95 per person, but you can reserve your table the night before and there is a very good selection of continental breakfast as well as a full english, with all the trimmings and a seemingly endless supply of toast and tea &amp; coffee, served by friendly and courteous staff. I will definitely stay there again when I need to stay in London in the future, and would have no hesitation in recommending the Byron Hotel to anyone.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good clean hotel and great location	Would definately recommend this hotel. Yes the rooms are fairly small but you are in the centre of London - that's how it is! If you are expecting bigger you are looking at the wrong class of hotel and price range!We got a room for around £100 per night including continental breakfast which is quite good for London at peak season (wouldn't be as happy if I'd paid the full price of £150-180 though!). As it had recently been renovated the rooms were nicely decorated and generally clean except for what looked like a blood stain on my white sheets and a very dusty skirting board. Staff were helpful and common areas were clean and nicely decorated.Good location about a 5 minute walk to Queensway and Bayswayer tube stations and close to hyde park (afternoon tea at Kensington palace is recommended!).One bit of advice is to ask for a room at the back of the hotel as we were at the front and it was quite noisy.	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice for the price!	If you are looking for a place to lay your head for the night and take a nice shower for the least amount of money, this hotel is for you. Lovely location right by Hyde Park. We walked to Kensington. Easy access to the Tube. Overall nice hotel. Rooms are small but that is to be expected.	
Jul 18 2009 	Not the best hotel but clean and very central	Small rooms. Nut very luxury but clean. The hotel is very central. Price is o.k. Just 1 minute away from St. James Park. Restaurants, shops and a shopping mall are 2 minutes away.	
Jul 17 2009 	Avoid! No A/C Run-down tiny roomsvery rude staff!	I was there recently for 2 days and I should of turned on my heels and walked back out the minute I arrived!I hate complaining but had to for several reasons...It was mid summer and hot so booking an aircon hotel was a must but sadly we were told the a/c wasnt working and were handed one small warm bottle of water and a fan!The room was over the kitchen so it was very noisy so we couldnt open the window. At 6am the extractor fan started up under our room and it was like a plane taking off!The room was cut in half because we had the lift shaft next to us. We eventually got moved the next afternoon and had to sleep one of our 2 days to recover from the lack of sleep!The sink was in the wardrobe! the twin beds were barely a foot apart and the pillows were pancakes!The breakfast was warm yogurts, cold toast, warm tinned fruit and god forbid you get a pot of tea! we did pay for a &quot;breakfast&quot; not thinking it was considered continental- what a waste of money that was, I would prefered to go out for a decent breakfast!When we told the &quot;management&quot; about our complaints and to see if we could get a few extras ours after check-out time they were'nt very considerite after all it was their noisy room that mad us miss out on one our days from a 2 day holiday!Avoid at all costs! Big let down! Shop around!	
Jun 30 2009 	Good value. Friendly	Clean, staff helpful, quiet. Other reviews are correct!	
Jun 27 2009 	Clean and tidy with pleasant staff our own room was rather small though	We stayed in London for a few days. The location of the Byron Hotel is convenient, near two tube stations that sit on different lines. The hotel was clean and tidy, generally well decorated and the staff always pleasant. The breakfast room, being smaller than the amount of guests the hotel can accommodate, works on a rota basis where guests book a 'sitting' the following morning. Works in principle but as you'd expect not everyone turns up at the allocated time, sometimes requiring those who did book in having a brief wait. We booked direct via their website. Our own room, on the top floor, appeared to be built into the attic and was much smaller than we expected, not having much room to swing the proverbial cat. The room had a small window overlooking the rear courtyard, and had the standard facilities you'd expect of a 3star. It appears, from other contributors and their pictures, that there are much better rooms available in the same building. There is a hotel lift which does the job a lift should, although it is 'cosy' with four occupants. To summarise, we would stay again as the hotel is nice enough backed up by pleasant staff but only if the room provided was larger.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good value for money	Ideally situated just a short walk from Queensway/Bayswater tubes. Plenty of restaurants in locality and good access to shopping and tourist sites. V Close to Hyde Park too.Double room was small, but well presented with modern furnishings. V clean.Breakfast was offered at £7.95 which seemed reasonable but we didn't have time to enjoy it this time. Hotel also states that it has a bar, but again didn't try. Reception were welcoming and efficient.Only down side was the loud hum from the electrical circuit board in the room. The lights and power are activated by a slot in card. We solved the problem by removing the card - and had a good nights sleep!Would recommend for short business stays and tourists.	
Jun 16 2009 	I was very pleased with this hotel	I chose hotel Byron because of the positive comments in the internet and agree with them. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. I stayed 6 nights and only one morning starting at 5 there was noisy persons close by, so I slept very good all the other nights. Room was tiny but had everything I needed and was suitable for me. They kept everything very clean. The whole hotel was no smoking that was very nice for astmathic person like me.I took Heathrow Connect (cheaper than H.Express) to Paddington and walked 20 minutes to the hotel. It was easy way even with 10 kg trolley. Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon I bought cheap tickets (at the theatre) to WestEnd shows only 30 minutes before they started.	
Jun 9 2009 	very nice hotel ideally located to visit London for a week-end	We stayed at the Byron Hotel for 2 nights with 2 other couples and 2 young teenagers. The staff was very friendly, rooms nice and clean and although some rooms are quite small, they are all charming and comfortable enough for a short stay. Breakfast OK.The hotel is very well located near Hyde Park with 2 underground stations at a few minutes walk and also bus facilities. Many restaurants for the evening and shopping mal at 3 min. walk. We will certainly go back with our children this time.	
Jun 8 2009 	Very nice clean quiet hotel near Hyde Park	We stayed here for 2 nights on June 4-5, 2009. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. The room we had was small but spotless and amazingly quiet considering it is half a block off of Bayswater Road. It is convenient to tour buses and the underground. We would stay there again.	
Jun 3 2009 	If you want a place to sleep...	I stayed two nights in a single at Hotel Byron in late May 2009. Good points -- good bed, in-room bath (toilet, sink, shower), AC, a small lift (good not to have to lug your bags up the stairs), 24-hour reception desk with people knowledgeable about the area (steering me to the good Indian restaurant 3 blocks away, not two mediocre ones that were closer), location (two Tube stations, Bayswater and Queensway, on different lines within two blocks, lots of restaurants/stores within two blocks, fairly quiet street near Hyde Park), TV, wi-fi Internet access...Bad points -- matchbox-sized single room (not big enough for a luggage rack), the first night the shower door fell off into my hands as I was taking a shower (but they did manage to fix it), and London lodging is just plain expensive, including this one (but the price was similar to two other places I looked at that had no AC and no lift).Unknowns -- I did not try the breakfast. I did not get to see a double room.Conclusion -- stay here if you want a place to sleep but not luxuriate.	
Jun 1 2009 	Very nice hotel in quiet area	I stayed at this hotel in February/March 2009 with a friend. Initially we would be given a room with one bed, but after objecting about that the reception staff gave us a room in a nearby hotel with two separate beds. The following day we could check into the Byron hotel and we were given a room with two separate beds. The staff at this hotel is thus very helpful, they also advised us about train schedules and attractions in the vicinity. The rooms are quite small, but very clean and comfortable. The hotel is quite easy to reach by Underground. Queensway and Bayswater stations are both within a few minutes walking from the hotel. When travelling to Cerntral London by Heathrow Express which arrives at Paddington station, the hotel is within walking distance. The area around the hotel is very pleasant with Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park within walking distance. I would certainly stay at this hotel again!	
May 24 2009 	Would definitely stay again.	For my first trip to London I stayed at the Byron on 3 seperate occasions. Would stay there again. Yes the rooms are small just like most rooms in london. The staff were very helpful, the rooms and bathroom were very clean. The price was the best I could find for the location. The Location is idea 2 minute walk to Queensway station and 4 to Baystwater station. 1 mintue to Bayswater Rd for bus. Queensway Rd has shops and all kinds of restaurants, which is a couple of minutes away from the hotel. The hotel is only a couple of minutes from hyde park and a 20 easy walk to Marble Arch. I would recommend the hotel to my mother andi plan to stay again.	
May 21 2009 	Budget Hotel Done Right	We got an excellent rate here in February and really felt like we got a great value for the price. The rooms are small, this is London, yet the nicely done renovations and details like the flat screen TV's make it so that you don't feel like you're slumming it. The location is not uber central but with the easy tube access it's not a problem and there are lots of shops and restaurants in the vicinity. We weren't tempted by the breakfast and truth be known there are lots of cafes nearby for a quick bite (We particularly enjoyed the Cafe Espana adjacent to the Queensway tube station). One note- the stored luggage facility has essentially no security so I'd recommend bringing some locks with out just as a deterrent. We had a lovely experience and would definitely recommend The Byron (assuming their rates stay competitive).	
May 5 2009 	Ok for a budget trip	We were a group of ladies on a weekend away and the Byron was adequate as a base for us. Plus points are that the room rates are very reasonable for London and the rooms/hotel generally were pleasantly decorated/furnished and very clean.On the not-so-plus side shower screens rather than curtains would have been preferable and the air conditioning did not work at all in either of our rooms.Breakfast sittings are staggered and you have to book a specific breakfast time for the following morning - slightly irritating if you want some flexibility. Breakfast itself was distinctly average (ie, canned fruit/mushrooms rather than fresh).We negotiated it as part of our room rate but would not have wished to pay extra for it. That said, the breakfast staff were pleasant &amp; attentive and the coffee/toast was plentiful and regularly replenished without being asked.Also, payment for our stay was required on check-in, not check-out - not a problem in itself but this is unusual and was not mentioned when we booked.The hotel advertises a full concierge service and licensed bar but we saw no evidence of this (the bar consists of a mini-bar fridge in the lounge which staff will unlock upon request) and do beware that any luggage stored at the hotel is in an area at the end of a corridor open to all; not locked away or labelled by reception staff (unlike any hotel I have ever stayed at anywhere in the world!). The daytime reception staff are simply not interested (evening staff were better and friendlier).The hotel is located just off Bayswater Road with very easy access either across Hyde Park to Knightsbridge (20 mins) or along the park up to Oxford Street (30 mins).Two tube stations are close by which you are likely to need in the evenings as there is little to tempt you in Bayswater itself ( 1 main street with a couple of pubs and a small selection of restaurants).In summary, the Byron is good value for a budget stay in London but I would not recommend it for a special occasion or romantic getaway. You get what you pay for.	
May 4 2009 	Great location friendly and helpful staff!	As a business travel with a couple of extra days 'vacation' at the end of my trip, I thoroughly enjoyed my weekend stay in the Byron Hotel. Though the room was a bit small, it was very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located in a nice, quiet neighborhood close to Hyde Park in one direction and the Bayswater Underground station in the other direction, both excellent reasons to stay here. It is easy to get anywhere in central London using the Bayswater station, and a walk over to Hyde Park from the hotel is a pleasant way to spend a free afternoon. The staff were friendly and helpful, suggesting places to eat and even printing a ticket voucher for me at the last minute. I highly recommend the Byron Hotel!	
Apr 28 2009 	Very good experience - we absolutely reccommend this hotel	I found this Hotel through Tripadvisor, and I fully agree with the good reviews I found there. The Hotel is placed in a quiet street, but close to the tube (Queensway station), and a street with shops and restaurants. Very friendly staff, clean and cozy, nice breakfast. We had a triple room, and of course it could have been some sqf larger, but we jusr used the room as a place to sleep. We recommend this Hotel...absolutely!	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice and clean quite small	We originally booked for 7 nights, but had a spare &amp; 4 nights decided to come to this hotel, they took my last minute booking (via email) and gave me the internet rate as well as a full breakfast, the staff were alway courteous and helpful, the breakfasts were substantial and most days we managed on a breakfast or either a lunch or dinner, we didn't seem to be too hungry after breakfast. When we checked in the lady in the front office saw the amount of luggage we had with us and changed us into a larger room, we were a bit surprised by her definition of large but coming from Australia and being used to large hotel room it took a little bit of getting used to. We had a double bed with a single, we put our luggage on the single as there was no where else to put it. The bed was probably the 2nd worst bed i slept on while away, but that is only because i like a hard mattress, this was very soft. The hotel is in a really good location, just a short walk around to queensway to two undergrounds and buses run at the end of the street at all times. We would definitely stay there again	
Apr 24 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location I've been there for the second time.	The Hotel has a very good link to Tube and buses. There are also good Pubs and resturants near the Hotel. The staff is very friendly and the breakfest is great!! For the normal breakfest you can choose from a buffet or you can have English Breakfest. The rooms have T.V and Internet conection.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very friendly staff nice hotel	nice hotel, friendly staff, near bayswater tube,some very good restaurants near bye	
Apr 13 2009	a clean safe tasteful hotel with concerned 	One can look on the Byron's website for statistics and representative photos. The redecorating that was done after 2005 has I think has taken away some of the &quot;country house in the city&quot; character of the hotel, but if one compares it to a lot of similar hotels in the area, one will find it still stands head and shoulders above the others. The exterior of the building sets the tone. The lovely, fresh light blue colour, for example, sets it apart from the ubiquitous white facades of the rows of ubiquitous similar earlier 19th century middle class homes in Bayswater and other parts of London. As one approaches the Byron, one notes that it looks clean, neat and in good repair. Although the lobby is a little sparse, it is clean and tasteful, and fortunately contains a bust of Lord Byron &amp; two of his poems, simply framed on the wall. Each room is named after a &quot;stately&quot; English country homes and still contains a charming 19th print of the home after which it is named. Seemingly minor, but significant touches.  Rooms &amp; bathrooms vary is exact size and details, as they have been made to fit into the original plans of two 19th century homes. But no matter the size of the room and how much one is paying for it, one's safety and comfort are of great concern to the staff. In fact, of the three times I've stayed at the Byron, I found that for this stay, the level of helpfulness and concern of the staff was at its highest. This is no doubt due to the leadership and management of one of London's jewels, Carmen Gomez.	
Apr 13 2009 	Both my parents and parents-in-law like it	Been there twice in March 2009, bringing my parents-in-law and (one week later) parents for a trip to London. First time took the family room and second time took two double rooms. I have to say the double rooms was the better choice. no breakfast provided, unless you want to add some extra money. You will love the red decorative piece of cloth that they put on your bed; makes your room look grand. However, I dislike the old style locking system at the door where you need to turn key twice to open it and turn it the opposite way one time just to take the key out; wish they could change it to card which is much faster and convenient.It is much cheaper to book online and on weekdays, because on weekends this place will be fully booked. So, reserve in advance. Bayswater is a lively lower middle class shopping area where you feel safe and this hotel is just 5 minutes away by foot. Same goes for the Hyde Park, Bayswater and Queensway Tube stations.	
Apr 11 2009 	This is my second time	staying here at the Byron hotel . I was attending a conference and later went to the theatre.This hotel is very accessible and convenient for the major sights.The staff are really friendly and helpful.The atmosphere in the hotel is very relaxed and the service is so much more personal than in some of the more corporate/souless places you could stay in.Admittedly the rooms are small but well furnished with comfy beds and a great power shower in the bathroom.Everywhere was spotlessly cleanBrilliant value for money .Will definitely return when on future trips	
Mar 14 2009 	An ok hotel	Spent one night here. Highlight was the helpful and pleasant chap on reception. Even upgraded my single room reservation to a double. The room was ok but a little tired in terms of carpet looking old and bed linen being frayed.Location was a plus, close to restaurants etc.Did not eat in hotel so no comment on food.	
Feb 26 2009 	Friendly cosy hotel with country feel.....	I was pleasantly surprised by this smashing quiet little hotel tucked away down a side street a few minutes walk from Queensway Tube station (Central Line). Needing to stay overnight whilst attending a training course in Pall Mall, I found this hotel very convenient and economical. It saved me battling back and forth on the train and saved me another costly fare from the Midlands! There are loads of eateries nearby on Queensway and a handy pub serving good food around the corner. The staff were exceptionally friendly and sorted out a glitch I had with the TV remote in double-quick time! I had a lovely quiet room on the ground floor (Aynho....all the rooms are named after stately homes) which was warm, clean and well equipped.....a small double that some may find compact but what do you expect for such a competitive price in London! The big bonus for me (being a Byron fan) was that the hotel contained Lord Byron related furnishings such as paintings, poems and busts etc which complemented the country-feel of the hotel. Any Greek visitors to London wishing to experience the presence of one of their national heros (Greek War of Independence) would feel very much at home here!	
Feb 19 2009 	Great hotel - Helpful staff and very clean rooms	I stayed at the hotel with a group of friends, as we were in London to see a show. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The rooms were nicely decorated and the whole place was really clean. It was the perfect place for a stop over in London. It is not a luxury hotel and dosn't pretend to be but if you need a good place to crash out after a busy day (and evening) you can't go wrong.	
Feb 9 2009 	Good but could have been better.....	The Byron is a decent hotel generally and I would stay there again if I could get a decent deal. I would certainly not be staying there if I had to pay the full price as displayed at the reception desk. It is supposed to be 4 star hotel. Not sure what exactly qualifies as a 4 star but I would have said this fell a bit short of the mark.Plus points.1) Location. You are near 2 underground stations and Hyde Park. The immediate area is quite lively with a modern shopping mall and some decent shops and pubs. 10 minutes by foot and you are in Kensington.2) The rooms generally clean and well appointed. The shower was good. TV, tea and coffee facilities, complimentry shower gel and soap. 3) Price – if you can get a good deal.4) Staff were friendly.Minus points.1) The room was very small. Just enough room to stand around one side of the double bed – although storage room was adequate. 2 people could end up tripping over each other in a double.2) The carpet was dirty and needed replacing or cleaning.3) The sound insulation was very poor. We were woken on several occasions by people in the room above moving about or the staff preparing the tables in the restaurant below.	
Jan 30 2009 	Horror at The Byron	it is quite some time since I stayed at The Byron but the horror of my experience has never left me and I am astonished to read so many fairly positive reviews about the hotel so maybe it has pulled it's socks up. It is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in (and I include those in third world countries I have visited!). The single room was so small that I could barely squeeze my suitcase into the tiny gap at the end of the bed (there was nowhere else to put it). When in bed I felt as though I was in a shop window display I was so close to the window. The television was attached to the wall (there being no other surface to put it on) and the remote control did not work. However the ultimate heinous horror lay awaiting me on my return from the function i was in London to attend ( and therefore too late for me to do anything about it), the sheets were not clean and had pubic hairs on them, as did a towel in the bathroom.As a result of this experience, the first thing I do on arriving in a hotel now is to check the sheets!Following my stay, the hotel very politely contacted me by e-mail to ask if I had enjoyed my visit, I replied detailing my experience and received a courteous reply from the manager and was offered a free night on any future stays of two nights or more ...... suffice to stay I have never been remotely tempted to accept the offer!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel 18th-21st January for a nice break with the other half. It was a bit disappointing from the outside, but as we know, it's what's on the inside that counts!!! They are very strict with their check in policy - we arrived at 1.40pm and were informed that we were welcome to store our cases in their lobby, but check in was at 2pm! Not so much of a problem with Bayswater and Queensway on the doorstep, so one &quot;Subway&quot; sarnie later and we were back to check in. The room - which are all named after country estates - was very small which would be my only major negative of this hotel. The decor was lovely, the bed comfortable and the bathroom clean and modern, with a very nice, strong, hot shower. However, the double bed was pushed up against one wall which meant whoever drew the short straw for that side of the bed had to master a series of moves having to get out of it without disturbing the person on the other side, which at 3am when you're bursting for the loo isn't the best situation to be in!! However, this isn't unusal for London and wouldn't put me off staying here again.Breakfast, for me, was a bit boring. Whilst nothing was wrong with it in theory, I thought there could have been more choice of cereal than just cornflakes and museli, and more fresh fruit would have been nice. However, the staff were friendly and attentive without being too &quot;in your face&quot; and there was a choice of times you could go for breakfast - you put your preferred time in the day before - going right up to 9.45am!The hotel info in the room states there is a &quot;conservatory&quot; and a &quot;bar&quot; - when we asked about this we were met with a blank state from one member of staff, and then were told there isn't a conservatory nor a bar - mmmmm. It didn't bother us, as we don't book hotels for the bar, but I know some people do and you'd be dissapointed.The hotel is excellently situated - two tubes within walking distance and buses from Bayswater Road which take you straight to the West End. We toured both Kesington Palace and the Royal Albert Hall - a tip, if you're travelling by rail, have a look at the 2 for 1 site on the national rail enquiries website and get your voucher as Kensington Palace is NOT worth £12.30 per person!!!! We will definitly stay at this hotel again, although I agree with another review that it is a very nice 3 star, and not a 4 star.	
Jan 18 2009	THE BYRON HOTEL......Great weekend.	We had a very good stay at the Byron hotel,The room was small but very comfortable, clean and tidy,The hotel was birght and welcoming and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The hotel location is not too far from attractions and the local ammenaties are on the doorstep.	
Jan 11 2009 	very good!	We spent 4 nights in this hotel, and everything was fine! Staff was very nice and the room was clean and made up every day. Bathroom was comfortable, clean, large and warm. Maybe the room could be a bit small for a big-size person or if you have big luggage to open. Breakfast was very good, different kinds of cereals, bread, toasts, juice, coffee, tea, yogurt, jam... you could even order a continental breakfast.If I ever return to London, I will surely choose this hotel again!Thank you!	
Jan 8 2009 	London: Byron Hotel the best quality/price ratio choice	Our staying in London was very good. The Byron Hotel is a very good choice. The price is not so high if compared with the good level comfort offered. The hotel position is fantastic: near two metro station (Queensway and Bayswater) that allow to reach quickly quite all main city atractions.	
Jan 6 2009	More like a standard B	I stayed at the Byron with my boyfriend 3-6th Jan 09. I was expecting something a bit more up market than your usual London B&amp;B's as this is meant to be a 4 star hotel. However, it really isn't anything special, and certainly not 4 star quality i'm afraid. The good points: Friendly staff, clean room, clean bathroom which has a powerful shower, modern bed linen. The bad points: Very small room, ( we stayed in 004) only just big enough for a double bed! For a four star you would expect maybe a snack bar , or room service on offer but all the hotel served was breakfast at £7.95 per head. The hotel itself was tiny and I was a bit disappointed that it looked so ordinary. There was a lounge but nobody used it, it was small and although looked quite pleasant it was obviously never in use. I was expecting more facilities and more things to be on offer in the hotel itself as like I said 4 star is meant to be a bit more special than 3 star but this is really not much different to your bog standard 3 star small B&amp;B's around London. It served its purpose but was more of a B&amp;B than a classy country style hotel as it claimed to be.	
Dec 8 2008 	Location warmth secure clean and a great shower at a great price!	Excellent hotel. I was originally booked for a couple of days, ended up coming back for another night later in the week because it was such good quality and value.I paid approx 65 quid a night, by booking directly on the hotel's website, for a double room which was a nice size. The single rooms were quite small, and for my second stay I was booked in for that, however, when I arrived late at night they had a double free, so said I could stay in that instead if I wanted. That's great hospitality, and ensures I'll not only come back, but will also tell all my friends.Highlights - strong hot shower. Very important when its 5 degrees or less outside. Good central heating. Quiet rooms (if you're not facing the road). Good soft bed and nice linen. Very clean, which is a rareity for central london.The Byron Hotel proves you can get reasonably priced quality accommodation in the centre of London.	
Dec 1 2008 	Communication issues	I stayed in London because of a congress from 26-30 November 2008. As I had to pay the holiday part of the journey myself, the price of the room was quite an important factor. As you will be aware, finding budget accommodation in London that meets at least some (hygienic) standards, is nearly impossible. Therefore, I was quite happy finding this hotel through TripAdvisor. Through the reviews I had to some extend a positive image, though I was prepared for a small room. I booked the room directly at the hotel website and was quite pleased to find there was a special Internet promotion at that time, stating &quot;room and breakfast included&quot; for about £400 for 4 nights. That's about as &quot;budget&quot; as you can reasonably get in London. Moreover, the location seemed quite good, near the congress venue and near the tube. So I decided to give it a go. Though when I received the reservation confirmation, it stated &quot;room only&quot;. At that time I didn't really care too much as I thought these things to be pretty standard, i.e. not adapted for some temporary promotion.Upon arrival, I was met at the reception with cordiality and treated perfectly fine. I was way too early for check-in time, but could leave my luggage there to enjoy London. At that time I did hear someone check-out though and heard he had to pay extra for breakfast. Huh? But well, I thought it might be he did not have this &quot;promotion&quot;. So I returned at check-in time to complete forms etc. I have to say I was quite astonished to hear &quot;breakfast was NOT included in the rate&quot;. I did mention to the receptionist that I thought it was, but he stated it was not and would cost me about £8 extra per person. Now this is not about the £8, but at that time I did decide that I would certainly not have breakfast at the hotel, as there were cheaper options around the corner. And that decision was more because of the lack of good communication, than because of the price. That said, the rooms were small indeed, to the point of it being impossible to put 2 suitcases (1 regular, and one suitcase for hand luggage, so that's a small one!) in a way that one could pass to the bed. (We booked a standard room). Moreover, we noticed 4 days in a row that the red &quot;decorative&quot; pillows on the bed were not clean. The room was not the only small thing - I guess in such a small room one does not have another option than to put a small bed. I admit we both are rather tall (I'm about 1m78, my boyfriend about 1m86), but not extraordinary and our feet sticked WAY out! Which was quite uncomfortable ... Last but not least: the room gets invariably hot even though the heating was OFF. In conclusion: I think the price of this hotel is way too high for the services offered, though the staff are friendly and we didn't notice the noise problem mentioned by another reviewer.Then again, I'm afraid this is a problem in London as a whole ...	
Nov 27 2008 	Highly Recommended - Quality service - Excellent location	I was informed at the last minute I needed to go to London on Business and meet up with several clients. Not being familiar with Central London I was looking for a 2 night stay close to the tube. After looking on the internet and studying the map I came across the Byron Hotel. I telephoned them and asked them if they had a single room for 2 nights starting that very evening. They were extremely helpful, they told me where I could park, which tube station and gave me clear directions. On arrival they checked I had parked in the correct area outside the hotel and explained I would need to move the car before 8am in the morning and could put the car in the NCP car park for the remainder of my stay at a low cost of 40p per hour, which is just round the corner. I stayed in a lovely double room with a beautiful ensuite bathroom. Nicely decorated and clean. In the morning I had a full English breakfast and the customer service was excellent.This is an excellent hotel in a perfect location to visit central London. All the staff are friendly and helpfull. I would highly recommend it and look forward to my next stay.	
Nov 26 2008	Sincere and honest service providing a cosy and comfy hotel that is not too big	I stayed in a double room with 2 single beds with my son who had just graduated in University of Kent in Canterbury. The room was well decorated with heating (appreciated in November 2008) and toilets were clean and worthy of mention. Everything was up to expectations from the breakfast facilities served by smiling staff who were very obliging. Its proximity to the Queensway station and Hyde Park made it easy for us to access the tourist attractions like Kensington Palace, Globe theatre, etc. The airport transfer at 40GBP in a chauffeur driven Mercedez limousine at the end of the stay was a great send-off. I shall certainly bring my family to stay there again in future. Helen Chin practising solicitor in Malaysia	
Nov 23 2008 	Lovely hotel but noisy at night I'm afraid.	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor . The hotel is in a great location, our room was very nice, very clean, beds were very comfortable, we booked an executive twin so also were pleased to find that although our room was small, we had the use of a seperate room next to it with a seating area and tv (as well as a flat screen tv in our room).We only stayed one night, everything seemed fine until we tried to get to sleep. Sadly the constant woooshing of the lift and the noise of the air conditioning (even though we had turned it off), plus the loud buzzing of a fuse box on the wall made it very difficult to get to sleep. We even had to close the windows due to the sound of (what I assume were) the air conditioning units outside.Maybe we were just unfortunate as we were on the 5th floor room 43, but if we'd have booked for 2 nights I would have asked to be moved to a different quieter room. Apart from that, the staff were great very helpful, and overall the hotel is very nice but I wouldn't go back as I value my sleep.Maybe we were just unfortunate in having that particular room, as we also had the random ringing phone that another reviewer mentioned.	
Nov 19 2008 	Nice Hotel	A really great (and not expensive) hotel! Me and my wife, having a bad experience with a horrible hotel some time ago and reading all the bad reviews about various hotels of London were afraid of what to expect. Thankfully, our fears were not true. The building seemed renovated, and the room we stayed in was in perfect condition. The room was a little small, but, in fact, we liked it, since it was very cosy! The location of the hotel, next to Hyde Park, is convenient. Finally, the hotel staff was professional, helpful, and polite. We would definitely stay in Byron Hotel again if we sometime visit London (which is a really nice, interesting and beautiful city) again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice but our room was very small	We stayed 4 nights in the Byron. It was our first stay in the centre of London. I can't compare with any other hotels.My husband booked the Byron mostly due to reviews on this website. I was a little bit disappointed because the room and the bed were very small. But they were clean. The bathroom was clean and small as well. We found everything we needed, even an electric kettle (that I appreciated). I was disappointed by the internet services (I had to connect for work purpose but it was so slow that I couldn't work. Fortunately they accepted not to ask payment for it.).The hotel was very well located. The services and the breakfast were good. The place was quite.What I specially appreciated was the london style of the building.You'll have a very idea of what you can expect by watching the pictures in this website.	
Nov 17 2008 	Excellent Value in London	I found the Byron on Venere.com, a site that I've found to be reliable for good quality but lesser known accommodations in Europe. The staff is friendly, accessible and knowledgeable; my room was quite small but managed not to feel cramped, and it was clean and comfortably furnished. The location near 2 tube stops makes getting around very easy, and there's an amazing variety of good restaurants just around the corner. As a single woman, I felt quite comfortable staying there alone. In pricey London, this is an excellent value on all fronts.	
Nov 13 2008 	Excellent hotel.	Excellent hotel in every respect. Would definitely stop here again.Very close to 2 tube stations. Room very comfortable and clean.Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Excellent breakfasts.	
Nov 12 2008	very nico place to stay	We have been in The Byron for 5 nights. This hotel is very good located near two undergroundstations (3 lines!) and very near to the Kensington park and shops and small restaurants.The room is very proper, but on the fifth floor is the shower and the toilet very small, especially when you are 1.93 m tall!!!The breakfastroom and the breakfast were good. The staff of the Byron is very friendly.	
Nov 11 2008 	Very pleasant stay	Very pleased with this hotel. I needed a triple room room for adult &amp; 2 kids including teenager. We got a very good sized twin room with an adjoining room with a double sofa bed, table &amp; chairs &amp; its own tv. Teenager very happy! Cooked breakfast was included although continental looked a bit limited and fruit was all tinned. Staff very helpful both before &amp; during our stay. Hotel very central. 5 minutes from Queensway &amp; Bayswate tube stations. Also just 3 minutes from pick up stop for London sightseeing buses. One problem was that airconditioning didn't work the 1st night and as the room wason the 5th floor (via lift) it was very hot. This problem was sorted the next day. Room a bit noisy due to furnace/lift making noise at regular intervals during the night. But we all slept fine. All in all a good place to stay and I'd go back again.	
Nov 6 2008 	Really good hotel	Our experience at Byron Hotel has been very good: rooms are clean, furniture quite new, very gentle receptionists and it's 5 min away from 2 underground station.Also our additional requests (room at higher floors, baby cot, etc...) has been satisfied.	
Nov 3 2008 	A Classic Pom	A well located classic English hotel. Clean and welcoming though the smallish rooms are a bit of a challenge.Overall good value for the money and would probably stay there again because of the location to Bayswater Rd. A safe area frequented by backpackers but don't be put off as there is a good vibe. Plenty of restaurants around catering for all. Very central, close to two tube stations, nice walk from Paddington Station and close to Kensington Gardens.	
Nov 3 2008 	The Byron - Great value in central London	The Byron is a 4-star family hotel just around the corner from Queensway Tube on the Central Line, and about 50 metres from the Bayswater Road and Kensington Gardens. I found the staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were very comfortable. I was offered a tariff at less than £80pp a night, including a very generous English breakfast. This is real value for money!It's certainly a hotel I will return to regularly - very convenient to everything in central London and situated in a quiet street. A real bargain!	
Oct 30 2008 	10 thumbs up from this family :)	Our experience was one of extreme satisfaction. We're a family of 5 (children 11, 12 &amp; 15). We were all very happy and impressed with the accommodation, location, cleanliness, etc, but most of all the warm and friendly demeanour of the staff.Furthermore, for a hotel that is within a15/20 tube ride to the heart of London, situated close to Hyde Park &amp; Kensington Gardens, it offers amazingly competitive rates.As with all holiday accomodations, some visitors will encounter problems at times (maybe they set the bar too high?). This hotel has minimised the risk by providing a service that meets the basic requirements to allow you enjoy your stay in London at a very competitive rate with no hidden charges. As with everything, agree the terms and price of your stay, have it confirmed by email and from then on rest assured that your holiday will be a success.Many Thanks to all the staff. 10 thumbs up from this family :)	
Oct 27 2008 	Would definitely stay here again.	The Byron Hotel is located in sleepy Bayswater/Queensway, well away from the hustle and bustle of the city center, but an easy underground or bus ride to the main attractions. The room was tight, but clean. My husband couldn't stand up in the shower, but anyone 6' and under will have no problem. The front desk was helpful and friendly. If ever we're in London again, we'll try to book the Byron.	
Oct 20 2008 	Recommend the Byron	The Hotel was very clean and comfortable, with polite &amp; friendly staff. Didn't try TV. Shower was good, bathroom was clean.It was a good location, 10 mins stroll from nearest tube at Queensway. Local to Kensington park &amp; palace. The street was fairly quiet and pleasant. We didn't try the restaurant breakfast so can't comment. We preferred to walk to nearest cafe nero to get some fresh air before breakfast.We walked to Notting Hill &amp; Portabello Road from Hotel. We got the tube back!Would recommend this hotel to all my friends and anyone else. In fact it was recommended to me by a friend.Prices vary depending on who you book through. It cost us £216 for 2 nights for twin room, which I thought was reasonable considering how close to centre we were.	
Oct 18 2008	a very good deal at a reasonable price	I spent four nights at Byron Hotel in early October. For the first two nights, I stayed in a double room with a friend. For the last two, I stayed alone in a single room.The double room was wonderful, clean and tidy. Though smallish, the cleanliness made us feel comfortable. There is a modern flat screen TV as well. All the basic needs like towels, shampoo, shower gel are catered for. The room faced the back street, so there was absolutely no noise at all during the night! The single room was equally clean and tidy. But it faced the street, so there were a little traffic noise at night. The air-conditioning was not strong enough for me to keep the window shut. There was also an electric kettle in the room which was quite a nice surprise!! On the whole, the room was comfortable. Paying about 70 pounds per night, I think it was a very reasonable deal!All the staff I met were very friendly and helpful. During my stay, I noticed that there were a lot of hotels nearby but after reading the reviews... I am really glad that I have chosen Byron Hotel. Should I need to go there again, I'll stay in it again!	
Oct 7 2008 	Super friendly staff	We started our holiday in London, staying at the Byron Hotel, Bayswater. This reasonably priced hotel is close to the Bayswater station and Hyde Park, the area was safe to walk in the evening, with lots of people out and about. The staff was very friendly and helpful throughout our stay, the room clean and comfortable. We dined at a recommended restaurant - Khan's -and thoroughly enjoyed it. We would stay here again.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good value old word flair modern and clean	Three of us stayed at The Byron for three nights in September and would recommend it to anyone. It was in a safe neighbourhood, had an 'old world' air about it but was completely modernised. The 'guys' at the front desk were exceptionally friendly and helpful. It was on a main bus line and near a Tube Station. It's an exceptional value.	
Sep 28 2008 	A great little hotel	Just spent a week in London, and we stayed at the Byron Hotel, which we'd seen good reviews of on a couple web sites, including the Tripadvisor. We can confirm that it was a spotlessly clean and recently fully renovated hotel..a great place to get home to after sight seeing all day. Our room was smallish but tastefully furnished including a flat screen TV on the wall. The noise from the other rooms was almost nil, tho we kept the windows open, to get some cool air in the room which got stuffy at night, and this let in a lot of street noise till midnight . The location was superb..two short blocks from the Bayswater Tube station and blocks of neat cafes and shops, and only a few doors away from Hyde park. The desk staff were unfailingly pleasant and helpful, and made us feel welcome...all for 96 pounds a night. From what I hear this is a major deal in London.	
Sep 28 2008 	Convenient stay for one night	We stayed one night at the Byron based on positive reviews on this site and it's location to Paddington Rail Station. The hotel is on a quiet street very close to Kensington Gardens and within a 5 minute walk to shops, small restaurants, and the Queensway and Bayswater tube stations. Definitely take a taxi from Paddington if you have heavy luggage, due to the lack of elevators in the tube stations! As with most hotels, be prepared to leave your luggage if you arrive early in the morning, as the rooms will not be ready until 2:00pm. Our double room was small but clean and comfortable. It would have been a bit too small for us to stay more than one night, however. The bathroom was fairly small, but also clean, despite having a bit of a musty smell to it. The shower was nice. There was also a small flat screened TV and air conditioning in the room. The front desk staff were always friendly and helpul.Overall, the Byron is a good choice for a short stay in an area that is quiet, but also close to transportation options for the city.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good Value	An ideal location for the West End Theatres and yet away from the hustle &amp; bustle. Its location close to Kensington Gardens /Palace and Queensway subway is just great.We received a friendly welcome on arrival with the services explained simply but efficiently. All the staff were courteous and friendly. The room was compact but very clean with both a double &amp; a single bed. Breakfast was very good also.I would recommend the Byron as a good location offering excellent value for money.	
Sep 24 2008 	Good value well located comfy hotel	We stayed here for a budget cost honeymoon. Good location with 3 tube stations close by and lots of other hotels and shops near too.Room was small, but adequate and clean. We did not eat there so booked a room only deal which was excellent value.We would stay there again for sure.	
Sep 21 2008	Byron Hotel (London) for your Aussie break	You will read other reviews on Trip Advisor which must relate to before the hotel was refurbished - disregard those. The company has certainly upgraded this property. I stayed here with my dad whom I have bought over from country NSW (Australia) to visit London and other places in England. We had a very good stay. The front desk staff were excellent and the ladies that run the restaurant were lovely and friendly. As an aside, the full English breakfast was quite ample, and my dad being a farmer who can &quot;put it away&quot; never left hungry or disappointed. After the first day they knew that he wasnt going to eat the mushrooms - so confirmed that with him each morning on ordering (a nice touch). The room we stayed in (twin) was large enough for London standards. The only thing I would say is that London at this time of year was strangely warm, and therefore the room was quite hot in the evening. If you are coming over from Australia, you may find the rooms small, but upon arriving you would find that everything in this country is small. The rooms (for London) and the comparative price is quite good. As a tip in planning, call the hotel for a rate. The desk is manned 24 hrs a day, so calling from Aust, you should always have someone answer the phone. It is also only about 50m from Hyde Park (lovely), a short walk to tube station, and is only £4.50 cab ride from Paddington station if you arrive there from the Heathrow Express train (from Heathrow). If you are broke then it is only a 10 min walk - but bags can be heavy. I would definitely choose this property over others to stay at.	
Sep 15 2008 	Lovely relaxing stay	We stayed for a week ending 11th sept 2008.We asked for a quiet room with air conditioning which was exactly what we got.The whole hotel has been recently redecorated and refurbished,and is beautiful.There is a lift to all floors .Our double room at the rear was quiet,and very comfortable.The bathroom was clean and kept clean with new towels daily.The staff were all friendly and helpful...........................................................................The excellent optional breakfast was served in the modern mezzonine dining room,which was kept clean at all times,the staff clearing away used crockery as soon as a table became vacant laying it out again ready.The hotel is in a quiet terrace, and yet is very conveniently located a few hundred yards from Bayswater High Street &amp; shops,Hyde Park and only three quaters of a mile to Oxford St shops by direct bus from the end of the road.There are plenty of restaurants in the area if required and the underground..............The next time we go to London for a break,I shall not have to trawl my way through hotel website customer reviews, now I have found The Byron Hotel.	
Sep 7 2008 	Beatiful hotel	It is simple perfect. The room are very clean and confortable. Good position in London, just 2 min from tube so you can go easily everywhere to visit the city. Excellent!	
Aug 17 2008 	A safe bet	This was my first trip to London - a work trip on a small budget. Flying solo, I had heard many negative reports about the expense and the standard of London accom, and was apprehensive to say the least. I breathed a huge sigh of relief upon walking into my room at the Byron. It was small, but not tiny, and was well appointed and clean. Pretty much everything I wanted. The hotel is secure [guests hand in their room keys as they leave, and pick them up again on the way in - the front desk is attended 24 hrs per day]. Staff are friendly and helpful, location is great -- 2 tube stations nearby, loads of food options. I would recommend the Byron to anyone not wanting to blow their budget on accom in a second.	
Aug 9 2008	Cozy and comfortable-great staff	Booked the hotel initially through an online site, but when I tried to ask a question regarding the room, I was unable to contact any human being either by phone or email at the online booking agency site by using their listed customer service phone and email numbers for people in US. I finally called hotel directly and found they were not expecting us. The Byron staff said it was unusual that they had not received notice of our arrival from the online booking agency by then, since we would be there the following week. This made us a bit anxious. Long story short: I cancelled the original reservation through a credit card payment denial (had already received the hotel bill on the credit card prior to leaving US for the trip). I booked the room directly through the hotel and they even gave me a better rate than the one I originally had through the online site. The place was comfortable, air conditioned, with smallish rooms, clean, and nicely decorated. Everything worked. The traditional breakfast was good (you've got to like baked beans, eggs and meat). Service was good. Location was great, close to the Kensington gardens, which is a lovely place to go jogging every morning. The hotel was in Bayswater, conveniently located near an underground stop and a commercial street full of ethnic restaurants, stores, and even a mall with a movie theater. The staff was helpful and courteous, especially Syed. I would recommend the Byron to anyone, especially travelers on a budget. Good value.	
Aug 4 2008 	The Byron is fantastic!	My 16 year old daughter and I stayed at The Byron in July 2008 to celebrate her Sweet 16, and we made a great choice. This is a terrific hotel with an amazing staff. The night desk crew of Syed, Ali and Martin were so nice. They were really interested in what we had done all day and gave us great advice on places to go and things to do! The Byron is located literally two blocks from the Queensway Tube station and the Bayswater Tube station is on the same block a little further down the road. ( Two different train lines )The Tube is the most efficient subway system I've ever used. It runs so well, the trains run constantly, if you miss one, don't worry, there is another one coming in 1-2 minutes. The trains were clean and the people are so civilised. Men would stand up and give you their seat and the train was quiet, people read etc.. What a delightful treat, and you will use the train extensively, it is the best way to get around. Do not buy individual train tickets , that is the most expensive way to travel. Buy a &quot;travel card&quot; or an &quot;Oyster card&quot; it's the cheapest way to do it.. We were there for 5 days and I wasn't sure how we'd be traveling so at first I bought a 3 day travel card for each of us and that worked great and then at the end just a 1 day travel card per day. That allows you unlimited use of the trains and buses and there are no restictions about what times you can travel. We used the trains and the buses constantly!! We live in a suburb on Long Island and never travel that way but we were pro's at the subway system within a few hours of using it , it's that easy to use!! The area around The Byron is very safe and the Queensway &quot; High Street&quot; which just means the main street of this area of London is filled with restaurants, souvenir shops ,etc. is on the same block as the Tube station. We ate at a restaurtant called La Cabana just past the Queensway Tube Station( same side of the street) and it was very nice and the food was yummy. We had the Spagetti Bolognese. At the end of the Queensway &quot;High Street&quot; is a mall called Whitleys, it has stores, restaurants and small markets where you can buy prepackaged sandwiches etc. It was terrific. We did laundry just across the street on Sunday morning, it is one of the few places that was open before 11 am. We were travelling onto Paris for a week before going home. We took the Eurostar train with no problems to Paris from St. Pancras Station.Kensington Park and Kensington Palace ( where Princess Diana lived )are a 5 minute walk just across the street from the Tube Station. We recommend having High Tea at The Orangerie at Kensington Palace. It was so nice and who wouldn't want to have high tea where a princess lived? There is an internet cafe on Bayswater Road , the main road that the Byron Hotel street is off of called The Royal Bayswater Hotel, which is really a youth hostel, but the computers were great and it cost 1.50 GBP ($3.00 US) for 75 minutes of internet , you had to use it within 24 hours though. It still was a great deal and an easy way to keep in touch with family back home in the USA. The Byron Hotel was a great choice, our room, # 29 had twin beds and was on the 3rd floor, there is a small elevator, just enough room for 2 adults and 2 pices of luggage. Our room overlooked a quiet courtyard , that backed onto the garden of a private home. Thankfully it was not scorching hot when we were there because the a/c is not very strong in the room and it is shut off while you are out. Which I understand, no sense wasting electricity, but had it been really hot I personally would have been uncomfortable with the room temperature.The bathroom was a good size with a bathtub/shower. The water was hot and the pressure was great. There were plenty of outlets to charge your cameras, IPODS etc, just remember to bring an adaptor, I would bring one adaptor per electrical item that way they charge at the same time, I only brought one and woke up at night to switch them so the next thing could charge. Adaptors are cheap maybe $3.00 US so its worth it to have one per item.We had the hotels breakfast and it was good, 7.95 GBP per person, which is about $ 16.00 US pp for a couple of eggs, bacon, tea and toast. There was a buffet of Continental Breakfast food items, like canned fruit salad, cold meats and cheese, rolls and juices etc to choose from that was included in the price. The food was fine just a bit expensive. We made small sandwiches from the cold cuts and rolls and ate them for lunch , so it worked out well. London is a very expensive place though so be prepared. The hotel has recently been renovated and it is really nice and clean. The girls that serve breakfast are also the same girls that make up the rooms, they work really hard and are very sweet. The room had a good size desk with deep drawers to store clothes and a closet with shelves.There was a tea kettle and tea/coffee stuff to make some tea if you needed it in the desk drawer. There was a safe in the closet where you set the combination, that was really helpful. I used that everyday. My daughter and I loved everything about the Byron and would highly recommend it to everyone. I told my travel agent to recommend it without hesitation. It was reasonable priced and the ideally located, what more could you ask for!?!	
Aug 3 2008 	A small hotel in a great location in London	The Byron Hotel offered us a wonderful place to rest and recuperate at the end of each day's sightseeing in London. Staff greeted us on our arrival after a very long flight from Australia and made sure we were able to access our room as soon as possible. Our room was light and airy and meticulously clean. The updated bathroom provided welcome hot showers. The decor of this hotel is akin to taking a step back in time, a refreshing change from the more bland style of modern hotels. We will definitely book into this hotel when we next visit London. Cheryl and Ed Wilson	
Jul 23 2008 	Convenient and Good Value	Stayed in the Byron whilst in London for both business and pleasure. Great location, good value (for London) and excellent friendly staff. As mentioned before the room was a bit small, but I booked for somewhere to sleep and the bed was comfortable. Good selection of TV channels; the one extra thing I would like and expect from a 4 star would be tea and coffee making facilities.In summary, I would certainly recommend the Byron and have no doubt I will be back next time my schedule takes me to London.	
Jul 23 2008 	Wekend at the Byron...	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Byron for a long weekend. It is in a convenient location...near Paddington station...perfect for traveling to and from the airport...and anywhere else. The hotel is tucked away down a quiet street, just blocks away from resturants, shops and pubs. The staff is VERY friendly and helpful. They also helped us book some tours. The room was smaller than expected, but hotels are expensive in London. The Byron is worth every penny...	
Jul 21 2008 	Nice and quiet	This hotel is very pleasant and situated in a calm area in Bayswater. If you like big fancy hotels you shouldn't pick this one but if you , like me, prefer a nice and quiet place , you should definitly pick The Byron. The staff was really nice and helpful and the girls in the restaurang (I think they only served breakfast there ) were very sweet and effecient so it was a nice start of the day to take the lift to the breakfastroom. The rooms are not very big, in fact they are quite small, at least the one I stayed in. We were 2 adults and with 2 suitcases there weren't much free space left but with a big nice bed and a nice bathroom is was quite alright. A small room and a nice bathroom is perfectly alright with me when you are sightseeing all day and only stay in the room to watch some tv and sleep. I would certainly recommend fellow travellers to stay in The Byron. Rooms are small yes but staff is nice and helpful. There were at least 3 subwaystations in relatively short walking distance from the hotel. There were also lots of buses ( I never tried to go by bus though) so there are absolutely no problems to get from the hotel to the center of London or wherever you want to go.Next time I go to London, if I go, I would gladly stay in The Byron hotel again.	
Jul 18 2008 	perfect if you are looking for a clean bed/bath only	Good location, staff very friendly, room and bath clean, slept very well, but you don't want to stay in the room while you are awake	
Jul 16 2008 	Cheap and Chearful	Myself and two of my friends stayed in a triple room in this hotel and found it met our needs perfectly. All we wanted was a clean comfortable place to bace ouselves from and this hotel was ideal. The bathroom was recently refurbished and the beds were clean and comfortable. The carpet is the only real fault I could find, there were make-up stains on it but apart from that the room was very nice, a fairly decent size aswel. We were supplied with clean towels and our beds were made daily. On arrival we were asked to pay for the room, which I though was a little bit out of line, considering that we had not even seen the room yet. They already had our credit card details from our booking so I thought they could have trusted that we would pay on our departure. As we were booking in we were asked if we would like to reserve a table for breakfast in the morning, my friend enquired if this was covered in the room charge and she was told that breakfast was not included, even though it was clearly marked on the booking page of their website that the price included breakfast and taxes and charges....a word of advice, when you are booking the room online, print off the page that says price includes breakfast and charges to avoid situations like this. All in all, we found this a very nice hotel in a very convenient location but we got what we paid for...if its a cheap, clean, convenient location you're looking for this hotel is perfect, if its luxury you're looking for, try somewhere else	
Jul 13 2008 	Lovely hotel with a good english breakfast	I stayed here for two nights along with my two daugters and my mother. Staff was very attentive and the penthouse room we had consisted of a double bedroom with a separate lounge which housed a sofa bed and table and chairs, was clean and comfortable. It was great to return to the UK after 4 yrs away to a lovely english cooked breakfast. I will definately be recomending this hotel to family and friends. I know rooms in London are small but this had adequate space for several large suitcases and it had a built in wardrobe complete with a safe. Had lots of valuble information from the reception staff and didn't experience any of the negative things some of the other people have commented about. I have just stayed in a 4 star in Singapore and yes the room was bigger but not as comfortable. See you again Byron Hotel !!!	
Jul 12 2008	The Byron is a Good Honest Hotel	It was just great to find that the hotel lived up to its web site publicity. Our room - one of the last available at the hotel - was perfect. Well heated and with windows that open, very clean, pleasant decor, comfortable beds and clean fresh linen. The staff were genuinely helpful and friendly and I recommend the breakfast. Big thanks.	
Jul 9 2008 	Nice cosy little hotel	Very nice, helping staff, preemptively thought of giving a more fitting room to me and my daugther. Very small room, but clean and nice.	
Jun 11 2008 	Very nice for the price!	I moved to this hotel after staying in another one in the area, and for a 10 pound difference (rate was 80 pounds a night), it was quite a huge upgrade! We stayed in Room 18, named &quot;Gayhurst&quot;. Yes, it's small but every room I've stayed in in London has been small. It had a closet at least. I loved how bright, clean, and modern the room and bathroom were. They are doing renovation but it wasn't much of a disturbance. We didn't have breakfast there but it's so close to Queensway, where everything is! The only complaint was that the satellite tv doesn't pick up many channels, I usually only had BBC1, on occasion a few more channels were available but never more than three or four. (The other hotel I stayed at in this area had the same problem. Maybe London isn't an ideal town for satellite reception, with all the cloudy weather?) In any case, I'd have much preferred to have just had the regular basic local channels instead of the flaky satellite reception. I found the front desk to be friendly and helpful for the most part, only one night when we had a beeping sound all night and when we called we were told &quot;maybe it's the neighbour charging their laptop&quot;. Whatever, we complained again in the morning and it was fixed. We suspect it was the satellite or a dying smoke alarm battery, but in any case that was one very bad night's sleep. Also, the A/C is ok but not very strong. Otherwise, I was very pleasantly delighted with this hotel and would definitely stay there again. Great location!	
Jun 8 2008 	ok hotel but expensive	Clean rooms, but the hotel is inder renovertion.It is sad, that the hotel states on their own homepage that breakfeast was inclued, but when we came, they asked for 16 pond per day.	
Jun 7 2008 	Canadians Impressed!	We were a bit weary when we booked this hotel having read some of the reviews however, were pleasantly surprised and relieved that even though the rooms are tiny, which we expected, they were clean and the bathrooms were in A1 condition. The hotel is slowly undergoing renovations right now but that did not interfere with our stay. We are sure that the hotel will look fabulous once completed. The location was excellent - near Queensway Tube Station and Bayswater Tube Station - lots of stores and restaurants nearby whch is a plus. Would definitely stay there again. Recommend.	
May 30 2008 	Disappointed Misleading You can do better for less $	Don't waste your money. Everything in London is expensive, but this hotel would not be worth the price no matter the location or currency. The advertising on all of the linked websites through Tripadvisor is very misleading, bordering on propaganda (Orbitz, etc). Pictures very misleading, and not reflective of reality. The room was ridiculously small (even for Europe, and we have traveled a lot). There was not enough room for 2 adults to stand on the floor at the same time- one of us had to be on the bed if the other wanted to walk to the bathroom. There was absolutely no place to put 2 average sized suitcases, except on the floor, which further limited walking.. No dresser, only one small amoire, with about 12&quot; of closet bar, no drawers. TV mounted on the wall, which is a good thing, because there was no other place to put it. Bathroom was OK; clean, towel heater, no ventilation, very small towels..  The Hotel was undergoing construction/renovation. There was no lobby-just a front desk. No furniture. There was no continental breakfast (as advertised), no lounge, community room, Nothing. The carpeting had been pulled up in the hallway- only padding on our floor. Smell of paint fumes all over, during the entire stay. never saw any painters or workmen. The location was adequate. On a street with multiple small hotels, in a multi-ethnic neighborhood. Very convenient to the Tube. Two blocks west is a major business street with many restaurants, including Chinese, Thai, Indian, Lebanese, Italian, Russian, and Pubs. Also many (cheap)tourist stores. Not a fantastic neighborhood, but never felt unsafe, even late at night. One block south is Hyde Park. Many buses, taxis, and even the Red Double Decker Tourist Bus stops nearby.No concierge service, front desk not helpful, never got our wakeup call.All in all, a place to sleep, and nothing else. You can do better, for less money	
May 26 2008 	A terrible disappointment	Our problems began when we entered the hotel. Unbeknownst to us, they were undergoing construction and the lobby was in complete chaos. They took our money for the entire week immediately. Had they not, we would have left the hotel and found other lodgings.The hotel website said that a continental breakfast was included in our price. We were rudely told that the free breakfast was not part of our package and that the cost would be about $15 per day per person for a continental breakfast. That was the first surprise.The hotel website said that there was a conconcierge service. We asked where we might go for dinner and were told that there was a busy street about two blocks away and that we should be able to find something there that we liked. That is not a conconcierge service.The hotel website said that the hotel was charming. If you define charming as tiny rooms with about two feet on either side of the bed, no closet, and no drawer space cozy, then this is the place for you! Much of the extra space was given to an armoire that held only clothes to be hung.This hotel is comparable to a cheap tourist hotel in NY City that would run about $100 per night. I have no problem with hotels that advertise fairly but the Byron website exagerates their situation.We strongly considered giving up all of the money that we had paid and just finding another hotel. That is how bad it was.	
May 11 2008 	Would stay there again without any second thoughts!!! (From Greece)	We stayed there for 5 nights from the 15th till the 21st of April. The hotel room was a bit small, but it was very clean, it was very hot, the bathroom was brand new since there is some restoration going on. All the staff was very polite and very helpfull whenever we needed them. Breakfast was ok, milk,cerials, bread jam, coffee, juices, tea yogurt, ham and cheese... I mean what else would you need!!!!! Fantastic location iwth 2 tube stations within less than 3 min walking, all kind of stores all around, restaurants shopping centers, pharmacist, coffee shops and take aways. But the best was that it is next to hide park where you can enjoy your morning coffee while having a walk before you start wondering around London.. Very happy with the conditions of the hotel everythiong seemed perfect to me...	
May 9 2008 	What a surprise	The Byron Hotel London. What a lovely surprise.I was travelling with my son to London and needed overnight accommodation. I booked this hotel after reading good reviews and I wasn't disappointed. We arrived in the morning and although we couldn't check in until 2pm the receptionist was very pleasant and obliging and allowed us to leave our bags at reception until the room was ready. The hotel is obviously undergoing some refurbishment at present and the halls and public areas were in the process of being decorated and carpets being replaced. The room we were allocated was lovely. Spotlessly clean and the furnishings were of a very good standard. I couldn't believe that we had only paid £59 for the night for this standard. I have paid almost double this in hotels in London and been sadly disappointed. I will definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone. We didn't have breakfast so can't comment about the food.The location is also very good, being approx 5 mins. walk away from either Queensway or Bayswater tube station, enabling easy access to any part of London.	
Apr 28 2008 	It was fine under renovations but fine.	This is a decent, basic hotel for the price. The staff are very helpful and good. Don't expect the Ritz, this is a basic hotel room with bed, bathroom and shower but it is safe, clean and just fine. The hallways are currently being revamped and it is a little dusty right now but it is starting to shape up and looks pretty nice. The staff are great and its a great location! Walking distance from some good restaurants and right across the street from Kensington Park (which is amazing!) also it is close to the tube (1 block). I would stay here again as you don't stay in your hotel room, you'll be too busy checking out the sites!! I read other reviews about the floors being dirty etc. but honestly, it was clean and very basic and exactly what I had thought it would be.	
Apr 25 2008 	A welcome sanctuary from the queens park hotel next door	Booked into the Queens Park Hotel next door only to find it a dirty dump (allegedly 3star!!). retreated to the Byron which is in a different league, I cannot understand how it could have a lower star rating. Staff were very friendly, both receptionists and waitresses. They couldn't do enough for you, and even arranged a cheaper taxi for us to get to the train station. The hotel was clean throughout and very comfortable. Great location, a short bus ride to Oxford Street and the bus from Stansted Airport stops just down the road. We had a very enjoyable stay here which rescued our holiday from the disaster ( it was a birthday treat for a friend) it could have been if we remained in the Queens Park hotel. Highly recommended!	
Mar 22 2008 	Great value	Nice hotel with god value for the money.The rooms are small, but clean and bright.The bathrom was nice with white tiles and hot water ;)	
Mar 18 2008	Very Good Value	A group of us stayed at the Byron and found the hotel to be spotless, the staff helpful, the breakfast was fine. The rooms are small but well laid out. The tube station is very close by and there is plenty of shops, pubs and places to eat within five minutes walk. The area is also nice and felt safe.	
Mar 18 2008	The By-wrong hotel	A friend and I booked a room at this hotel based on other reviews. How it has such high ratings is beyond me. The hotel is really overpriced, rooms are too small, bathrooms could certainly do with a fix-up and I hated the use of the key card to control the electrical power in the room. I have been to hotels before where this form of card is used but it was never a nuisance to use. If creaky floors, buzzy noises from the lights and nasty bathrooms are a turn-off to you do not stay at this place.The only ideal thing about this hotel is its location. Good and central.	
Mar 8 2008	Please avoid it !!!!	I stayed in this hotel with some friends. What a disappointment !!! I will certainly not recommend hotel Byron to anyone ! We chose this hotel after having read some good comments on the internet. What a mistake !!!!2 couples of friends had a room with a dirty blanket on the bed – one even had blood stains on it !!! how disgusting ! The beds weren't even made properly : the blankets were just pulled on top of the sheets which were still all creased.Moreover, the lady who served breakfast was very impolite and quite agressive with us.She forbid us to sit together although we didn't need to move a table for that.The second morning, we decided to sit together anyway and this «lady » started to shout at us !!! just unbelievable !!!!!! This place is just NOT THE PLACE TO GO !!!We were really disappointed and this spoiled quite a lot of our so much awaited week-end in London.	
Mar 8 2008 	Good Quality	Two of us stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it was a good base from which to explore London.There are Tube stations less than 5 minutes away which is really good.The room we got was not huge, but large enough for both of us to be comfortable.The breakfast was ok - Traditional English breakfast, fruit juice, cereal, tea and coffee all available.The staff in the hotel were friendly and helpful.The area is ok, we encountered no problems at all with walking around at night.Negative points - The only thing I could find fault with is that if you want to leave your luggage with the hotel when checking out, it is not placed in a secure location. It's simply left in a hallway that can be accessed by all guests - I was not comfortable leaving my luggage there.All things considered the Byron is a good choice for a visit to London. I would have no hesitation staying there again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Byron is the best	We booked this hotel based on the reviews and all I can say is thank God for this site it never let's you down, as the reviews are spot on, well done trip adviser!We have just returned from a four night stay in a triple room, sometimes when you are two adults and child, the child gets a put up bed, as the child is 15yrs and we got three proper single beds he was delighted. The room was big enough, very clean with good sized television and tea and coffee facilities. The ensuite was spotless and newly tiled.The buffet breakfast was included and all we needed to set us up for the busy sightseeing days.The staff are friendly and helpful.As said before the location is super, lots of restaurants and very near to three tube stations and easy walking distance, we enjoyed walking through Hyde Park.Don't hesitate book here, for a clean, comfortable and reasonable price stay.	
Feb 23 2008 	London trip	Got a great deal-£150 for 3 nights for 2 people including breakfast. Comfy room with twin beds, kettle etc, tv, good sized bathroom and plenty of wardrobe space- not what we expected from a London tourist type hotel. Continental breakfast included, full english an extra 8 quid if you wanted it. Great staff-very helpful-found directions for us to an obscure venue we'd booked. Hotel very close to Queensway/Bayswater tube stations so really convenient for visiting the main London attractions. Loads of really good and cheap places to eat in easy walking distance-and there is always Rowley Leighs new restaurant Cafe Anglais (which is in Whiteleys.) if you want something special. A good choice for couples /family to use as a base for a London trip	
Feb 18 2008	Great budget hotel in London!	We booked the Byron Hotel for 5 nights in a triple in February &quot;08. It was the right price as part of a flight/hotel package on Travelocity, and the reviews here were good. We were three female friends in their mid-late 30's on a girls escape. The hotel is great! Cheap and cheerful with clean, pristine bathroom - WC separate from shower/tub, which was convenient. Nice flat-screen TV on a wall-mount. Desk with mirror and hair dryer (which was great because we didn't have to bring our own, plus a converter/adapter).The hotel is in a safe location just off Kennsington gardens. It's a 5 minute walk to two different Tube stops (Bayswater for circle/district line and Queensway for central line), from which you can get anywhere. We felt safe walking around at night.The Queensway high street boasts tacky souvenier shops near the Tube, but within 3 blocks, there's a bowling/ice rink, nice mall, lots of good restaurants, a Boots (open till midnight), a couple of markets, and lots of other stuff you might need. There's a good Bella Italia location and a really good Chinese restaurant (Hong Kong something or other).And the breakfast was just perfect! Their &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was included in the package price and consisted of cereal, rolls, croissants, ham and/or pastrami, cheese, yogurt, fresh fruit, juice, milk, coffee, tea and toast. It kept us going all morning, and saved us at least 3 pounds per day.The staff was helpful; the room was clean and not too small; the location excellent. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Feb 17 2008	We'll be back!	My partner and I spent three nights at the Byron in February. We had read the reviews and were prepared for a small room. However, we were pleasantly surprised as the room was charming and had everything we needed. We had a slight problem with towels when we we arrived, but this was quickly and politely resolved. The welcome we received was very warm and friendly, and the staff were very helpful. Our only reservation was the service we received at breakfast. The girls that served seemed averse to removing dirty plates, and concentrated mainly on seeing that everyone was happy with their coffee and toast quotas. Not a massive problem, but one which fascinated, rather than annoyed us.A little staff training wouldn't go amiss here. However, don't let this small detail put you off staying at the Byron as we would definitely return. Cosy, quiet, welcoming and clean. we loved it!	
Feb 14 2008 	Great location good value	Notwithstanding the excellent reviews on this website, we were rather sceptical beforehand, particularly because of out last hotel experience in a big city. However, the Byron soon brought us around: professional receptionist, small but very nice and clean en suite room and excellent breakfast the next day (cereals, fruit, yoghurt, buns and croissants, toast, juice). Take this beside the very good location next to Kensington Park and 3 tube stations and the very affordable price we payed, we will definitely come back next time we stay in London. We had only two small remarks: our room (nr. 4) was below the breakfast room, so from 7 a.m. we could hear feet over our head and the bed was a bit soft.Btw: we booked on line via a travel agent (D-reizen) which was by far the cheapest deal for this hotel.	
Feb 13 2008	Great value	We just got back from a five-day trip to London. We booked a triple, which consisted of two twins plus a rollaway bed. I took the rollaway and it was fine. I also slept with earplugs so I didn't hear a thing and slept great each night, but really, it was a quiet hotel. The rooms are small, but who hangs out in a hotel room in London? It's there for sleeping and washing up. Enough said.Nice, clean ensuite bathroom. Bring your own washcloths.Breakfast was included and consisted of tea and toast, a bar with salami, ham and cheese, croissants and rolls, bowls of cereal and mueslix, yogurt, pitchers of milk and juice, bowls of sliced peaches and fruit cocktail. We saved a good bit just by eating breakfast in the hotel each day.The staff was nice, and the location is convenient to Queensway, Bayswater and Notting Hill Gate tube stops. Everything you need is on the Queensway High Street - Whiteley's mall, Tesco's, Boots and tons of ethnic restaurants. Internet cafe nearby.	
Feb 6 2008 	Guys from Norway	Overall we were happy with our stay. Some of us only got a blanket as bed cover. This made us a little too cold during the nights. We would preferred something thicker, like a duvet. The food was nice, and the rooms and baths were tidy.	
Jan 18 2008 	Teeny tiny and boring	Should be called, The Boring Hotel. It's not much of a hotel but more like an over-priced B&amp;B. Our very tiny basement -former broom-closet-of a room was in an area beneath the kitchen so don't think of sleeping in a bit longer. The floors are very squeaky and every step the kitchen staff made could be heard. To add to that there was a lot of noise on the stairwell with people going up to their rooms. Now there's the use of electricity in the room. You get a card at check in to control the electrical power, not as a key to the room. Not sure about other rooms but as soon as the power is on there is an iritating buzzing noise coming from the ceiling. After the lights are off you will need to remove the card from the wall in order to get rid of that buzzing sound whilst you sleep which means you will need to get out of bed, put the card in the wall and wait for your eyes to adjust to the light to check the time as there are no clocks. The French doors to our room would not lock so thank goodness we were in a part of the building where no one could climb in. The continental breakfast was just okay but could have been better for what you pay. This place could do with a serious fix-up.The neighbourhood is fine; very close to Bayswater and Queensway Tube stations. There are lots of shops and restaurants in this area too. Overall I would not stay at this B&amp;B again and would not recommend it to anyone. Spend your money elsewhere.	
Jan 10 2008	Safe peaceful haven near Lovely gardens	As a Single lady I was apprehensive about my hotel in a major city like London. A priority is feeling safe and the Byron Hotel is certainly a good choice. There is excellent noise insulation, i slept like a log. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff are friendly and polite and when I mentioned I was also vegetarian I was pleased with my large breakfast portions- a large plate of scambled eggs, beans, mushroomsetc. And lots of toast and juices and cereals. There is TV And phone in rooms and a clean elegant bathroom. For £75 for myself I think this was very good value as it only took five minutes by bus to Oxford Street and there is also the walk into Kensington Gardens. You can walk across the park to Kensington itself. There are also shops just a few minutes walk away, with a large indoor shopping arcade. You have all the attractions a short ride away by bus or tube. Excellent choice for singles, Business ect.	
Dec 4 2007 	Wonderful Bargain	My wife and I ( we're in our 50s from the USA) found this hotel to be very welcoming and clean the 7 nights we stayed there in early December 2007. Our room #15 had 2 twins and was small but adequate with a very clean, shiny bathroom with lots of water pressure and hot water. Carpet was a little spotted but not bad. Philips 24 inch widescreen was nice although we received only 4 or 5 channels. Room was quiet but you could hear foot noise in the room above, but this turned out not to be a problem because the hotel serves mainly older clientel (30s and over) and we never saw young kids so there was no running around and no late hours. The staff at the desk and in the restaurant were very nice and helpful. This was a big plus because we always received nice smiles in the morning and when we returned in the afternoon and evening. Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are only 3-4 blocks away on Queensway, and that street has lots of restaurants and three great pubs to enjoy. For a bargain try Tuk Tuk, a Thai restaurant on Queensway across the street from the Bayswater tube station. Great phad tai for 3.90 pounds. Daily breakfast was included and consisted of toast, rolls and breads, cereal, prepared ham and cheese slices, coffee, tea, yogurt. If you're a runner like me, you'll be very close to Kensington Gardens which is a wonderful place to run. We will definitely stay here again when we return in a year or so.	
Nov 25 2007	City trip to London from Belgium	An excellent hotel, situated adjacent to Kensington and Hyde Park. Two tube stations are within walking distance and numerous shops and restaurants are in abundance.Our room at the Byron can only be complimented. However not a suite size, it is perfect for a short stay. The room was extremely clean, comfortable with a widescreen TV and tea- &amp; coffee making facilities. The room is totally refurbished and in perfect condition and the bathroom 100% in order.The extensive breakfast, including a traditional English Breakfast was outstanding!We would also like to mention that it is very quiet inside the hotel and there was no street noise or any noise from other guests whatsoever.All the staff that we encountered were very friendly, helpful and didn't hesitate to give us any information we asked for, either about the hotel, the price of stamps, which tube to take and general info about touristical London.We recommend The Byron 100% for anyone travelling to London.WELL DONE EVERYONE AT THE BYRON!!!	
Nov 23 2007 	Highly recommended ! I will be back.	I greatly enjoyed my stay at the Byron Hotel, which was everything I had hoped it would be. The staff, without exception, were courteous and friendly, without being over familiar, and went out of their way to be helpful. My room was small but immaculately clean, and the bathroom and shower was spotless - I really appreciated the endless supply of hot water (and decent water pressure, too!).The breakfasts were extremely good, with limitless tea or coffee, and I enjoyed having the choice of traditional English or Continental breakfasts - incidentally, the latter was far more substantial than I have experienced elsewhere. Also, there were tea and coffeee making facilities in my room, which was helpful, as well as a trouser press and hair dryer.Taken all round, I thought the Byron Hotel offered excellent value for money. Its location was ideal for me, easy walking distance from two tube (subway) stations, and close to a wide selection of shops. And Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are at the top of the street. Was the Byron absolutely faultless? Of course not! My room was hotter than I'd have preferred, but I simply kept the window open till it cooled down, And the elevator was very slow.The bottom line, however, is that when I return to London next time I hope they can accommodate me. From now on, the Byron Hotel will be my first choice.	
Nov 10 2007	Great place clean and comfortable	I found the Byron a nice change from some of the other places I've stayed in London. It was well-priced, clean, and comfortable. The staff was more than accommodating during my stay. The only negative was an insignificant one -- the elevator took oh-so-long each trip! Ahh, but the value, the location, and the courtesy extended made up for it 300 times over. The tube is right around the corner, with an Internet cafe in the middle, making it awfully convenient. Hyde Park, just a block's walk was nice, as was the short walk to such neighborhoods as South Kensington made it a perfect location.	
Oct 23 2007 	What I expected and that's a good thing.	I booked the Byron mostly due to reviews on this website. The room was small, as expected, but clean and serviceable. The bathroom was fine except that the shower head would not stay up. The bed was comfy and the staff were friendly. The location was excellent.	
Oct 15 2007 	The Byron Hotel is "home"	I have stayed at The Byron Hotel yearly for the past five years and it has been a wonderful experience. The hotel is well located, far enough away from &quot;the action&quot; to be quiet, yet close enough to be a short walk from the bustle of Queensway with its two Tube stations and an even shorter walk to Bayswater Road, with its buses, and Kensington Gardens. The rooms at the Byron are clean and well appointed, with newly refurbished en suite bathrooms. Wireless internet is available for a fee, which is very convenient. The real pleasure of the Byron is the staff. From check-in to check-out, they are attentive and helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. If you're there for even a few days, they will know who you are, where you are and what your needs are likely to be. The ladies who staff the breakfast room and clean the rooms are wonderful. The desk staff could not be better. I would recommend The Byron Hotel without reservation. It is truly a &quot;country house in the middle of London&quot;.	
Oct 12 2007	Cancelled but hotel says I didn't	This hotel sucks. I sent them an e-mail to cancel but the claim they never got the e-mail. I never got a response from them so I assumed everything was okay. Then afterward I notice a charge on my card, I e-mail them and THEN they respond. Seems fishy that they respond after it's already too late to cancel, doesn't it??? What a scam.	
Oct 7 2007 	Good value for money	Stayed there for two weeks this fall - had several rooms, because we were there for a week, traveled, and then back, and then my dad left, so I had a single. Small rooms, with decent bathrooms and amenities, nice breakfast, great location - near the Queensway tube station, the Bayswater tube station, several bus lines, and the Whiteley shopping mall, which has everything. Several nice restaurants nearby as well. Would recommend it to folks looking for a nice place, good location, safe neighborhood, great amenities. Kensington Park at the end of the block - HUGE park, with many lovely walks. Peg	
Oct 2 2007	Relaxing Week End	Really fine, the room was very comfortable and clean. It's in a delicious location.	
Aug 13 2007	Splendid service and nice room	Nice, clean and modern hotel with continental breakfast. Room with bathroom and hairdrier. The staff were just super and with it's location near Bayswater and Quensway subway and just a few minutes walk to Kensington Garden it was a great stay for me and my 15 year old daugher. We felt secure and very well looked after. It is also nice to find a lot of restaurants from all over the world on Quensway Street, the one we tried out a Chinese, Magic Wok was superb. We also visited the small shoppingmall Whiteleys perfect for shopping books and fresh fruit on Macy's. Hopefully we will be able to visit you soon again, thank you once more, kind regards, Anna and Malin, Stockholm, Sweden	
Jul 7 2007 	Very Professional Staff	My husband and I recently traveled throughout Europe. We have saved up for it for a long time and we were novice travelers. The Byron is a great place to stay for people. It is central to tons of Central London attractions, the tube station is just a block away. To top that off, Carmen, the manager was very patient and understanding with us. Syed, a staff member, showed the utmost professionalism throughout the whole 4 night stay. Thanks again to everyone else I forgot to mention. The hotel is quaint and a perfect place to stay for a very reasonable price.	
Jun 26 2007 	And Then Came The Byron	London: The Byron Hotel, Bayswater: '&quot;And Then Came The Byron&quot;I have visited the UK four times and my stays at various hotels has been acceptable...and then came the Byron. It is an excellent hotel on all counts, with great rates, but the cherry on the ice cream is its staff. Terrific is one way I would describe them, particularly the staff in charge of serving your breakfast. They are fast, efficient, and courteous with all. Every hotel should have such a staff in their premises. I wholeheartedly recommend the hotel and will certainly be coming back in the near future.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great stay - Great Staff - Very Nice	A great small hotel nicely located on a quiet side street close to 2 tube stations with plenty of restaurants and shopping just a block away. The rooms are small but clean and pretty with fresh paint and newer funishings, bedding, etc.. The very best thing about this hotel is the friendly and helpful staff. Syed and Carmen helped us with a dozen little details to help us have a great stay in London.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for good accomadation at a great price in London.	
May 23 2007 	Recommend this hotel	If you are looking for something better than a B&amp;B and less expensive than a hotel, Byron is a good choice. The location is very convenient (5 min walk to Queensway/Bayswater Station), the room was OK clean and tidy, the shower and hair dryer worked very well (which are very important to me), the staff were very helpful too! Most importantly, all rooms are all equipped with shower, toilet and air conditioner (much needed in summer!). I stayed there for 6 nights and felt pretty at home. Some people may concern about the breakfast but toast, cereal, juice and tea were enough for me coz' I don't need to eat much in the morning.	
May 9 2007 	Good small hotel	I only stayed one night but found this hotel good value for a city where hotels are notoriously expensive and disappointing in quality.The decor in the public areas at the Byron could be updated; carpets in the dining room are past their best, the reception area looks very tired, etc. But the bedroom I had looked recently decorated and was lovely and clean. The ensuite shower room was excellent. Both were indeed small, but perfectly formed. I would not want to stay in such a small space for more than a couple of nights but again, small bedrooms are typical in London hotels, so I was not surprised.Breakfast was nothing special, but there are plenty of restaurants and shops nearby if you want to eat out at any time of day. A 10 minute walk from Paddington and 3 minutes' walk to the nearest tubes.	
May 6 2007 	A Perfect Choice	My husband and I just returned from a seven day stay at the Byron Hotel and found it the perfect location and price for American tourists during this difficult time for the dollar! The neighborhood is safe and convenient to the underground--we were able to get EVERYWHERE and we're NOT young folks! The staff was incredibly helpful and pleasant--they kept our luggage while we left for two days; looked up restaurants and train schedules for us; answered requests immediately. The rooms are very clean and comfortable--if guests think they are a little small, perhaps they should try the more expensive hotels near Piccadilly Circus. They're just as small, twice the price, and frequently not very clean. Breakfast eggs and bacon were fresh and well-cooked. We slept well at night and the lounges were beautiful. I recommend it highly!Sharon Ammen and Ron Moore	
Apr 28 2007 	So So	This hotel is not in an ideal location for touring London. The tube station is not far, but not especially close. There are restaurants and an internet cafe nearby, but the neighborhood is not very nice. We were not totally comfortable walking it at night anyway. The room was very small and dated. I was not impressed and probably would not stay here again. I think you could find something nicer, cleaner and more centrally located for the price.	
Mar 31 2007 	Loved the Byron	I would highly recommend this hotel! We stayed in this hotel for over a week in Feb. 07 and when we return to London this is where we will stay again. It is the perfect location extremely close to the Tube, the bus stop, tons of shops and restaraunts. What more could you want!Of course the room is smaller than what you expect to get in America but we were prepared for a smaller room. It actually turned out to be the perfect size. Throughout the entire time the staff was incredibly friendly and the hotel is neat and clean. My wallet was stolen in London and the staff went so far as to find all possible numbers for me to the banks, credit card companys etc. They went completely above and beyond for us. We also loved breakfast. They had cereal and toast, tea/coffee. It wasn't a huge spread but it was perfect for a free breakfast. Overall we LOVED this hotel and would highly reccommend it to anyone.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great location	Booked a hotel package through Travelocity last January. The Byron Hotel was centrally located- one block from the underground station- in a very quiet, safe neighborhood. Reception was friendly.. they allowed me to leave my bags, as I arrived before the room was clean. The room was clean, basic accomodations. The bathroom was spotless. Nothing fancy but exceeded my expectations for the price. The continental breakfast was more than adequate with ham, breads, and yogurt in addition to pastries and cereal. Overall, I was very satisfied. I will make every effort to book at the Byron hotel should I have opportunity to return to London. Highly recommended for people who want to visit London but have a limited budget.	
Mar 6 2007	Comfortable inexpensive no-frills but nice	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights with my mother and it was a decent stay. The room was Very small, but the hotel has an English charm to it. It's more like a house than the large hotel chains most Americans are probably familiar with.The room, as I said, was very small, and my mother and I had to share a double bed. But this is what we booked, so it's what I expected. The room had the regular comforts, TV, etc., adequate bathroom and all. Nothing fantastic but adequate and comfortable. My only complaint about the room was that our bed was very very hard.I enjoyed the breakfast, but it was very basic. Yogurt, toast, tea, coffee, juice, cereal and all that. Didn't spring for the English breakfast, but the free breakfast was filling. The neighborhood is mostly a lot of other similar hotels and seemed very safe. Kensington Palace is a block away with beautiful gardens, even in the misty rain (what else would you expect?) There are several local restaurants around and the underground station was a short walk. We got a deal by going in the off season and booking our flight at the same time, and we had a good time. This place isn't anything special, but the staff was very friendly with us and helped us book our transportation and allowed us to store our baggage for free after we checked out. If you're on a budget but don't want a gross sketchy place, this is a nice comfortable no-frills option.From London Heathrow airport we took the Heathrow Express to Paddington station (you can buy tickets at the airport), then walked to the hotel. It was a little longer walk than we expected, so we took a taxi to the station on the way home. Still, an easy journey. A round trip fare on the Heathrow Express train was about 30 pounds and the taxi fare was 7. We spoke to some travelers at the hotel who took a taxi straight from the airport and they said their fare was about $100 US, so we definitely got the better deal, and didn't really spend any more time or aggravation.	
Feb 19 2007 	Good clean hotel just a bit small for my taste.	The hotel was in a great location, many resturants and shops at a short distance away. The tube station was a short walk away, and all the sights were not too far either. There is a great park and mall nearby. The room was a bit small, overall it was clean, provided a good safe place to sleep everynight and at a inexpensive price. The hotel is on a strip with many hotel and hostels to choose from.	
Feb 17 2007	Terrific experience	We stayed at the Byron Christmas week 2006. We were a little worried about the reviews so we did bring our own sheets and down pillows! I also happen to think bedding is important so perhaps I am a little fussy...Glad we did though because that made us even more comfortableThe room was small with a great shower. We found it just right! The bed was too soft for us but we are pretty inventive and put the bedspread underneath the bottom sheet and asked for another blanket (no problem) The tv was ok for us and we were on the fourth floor with a nice view of the street. What a quiet room! And clean.We got maid service every day and the breakfast was included in our package -We didn't love the coffee- very &quot;healthy&quot; and very strong. Boy were we full of &quot;energy&quot; after a few cups of that coffee!!! The rest of the included breakfast was museli, juices, yogurt, and toast with cold cuts if you wanted them. The young Romanian waitressses were very hard working and kept refilling our coffee in seconds it seemed. The breakfast lasted almost the whole day.Perfect location- two tube stops are half a block away and we were able to use the Byron as an easy headquarters for running around London. The neighborhood is great- we found a terrific chinese restuarant that was better than any we had in New York (that's saying something!) and a great Moroccan restaurant.We reccommend Mr. Fish for fish and chips- excellent. There's a real neighborhood pub two blocks away with a working fireplace.There's also a nice shopping area- again half a block away.I guess I don't have to mention how friendly everyone was- but I am because sometimes there's anti-Americanism expressed in the news and you always wonder how you will be treated when you travel. It was a very homey experience and not expensive!!!	
Feb 16 2007	Great location overall pleasant stay!	We just returned from a 4 day stay at the Byron Hotel, London. I would definitely stay there again. Our room was small but very clean. The bathroom was recently renovated and nice. Hairdryer provided. Continental breakfast was good. GREAT LOCATION! Short walk to two tube stations. Short walk to tour bus stops. Hotel staff was friendly and helpfulGreat Italian restaurant just around the corner on Queensway. Cinema/movie/mall just around the corner on Queensway.	
Feb 6 2007	Can't Beat It	I have stayed at the Byron at least once each of the last five years, sometimes for a few days, twice for a month. I always enjoy it. The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms clean if small, and the location great. At the price, I don't think you can beat the Byron in London.	
Jan 3 2007	Really nice clean hotel	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. Overall we had a very pleasant stay.Yes the room was small, but that's Londen so you can't complain about that. It was really clean and comforable. The bathroom was quite new and really nice. Privet safe in our room.Breakfast was good, though the breakfast room was quite small. The staff was very helpfull and polite. Though they couldn't always answer our question (about travel or the city). We absolutly got what we paid for. People who are complaining, you get what you pay for. You want more, pay more.I would definitly recommend this hotel to tourists. I would go here again.	
Dec 24 2006 	What to expect	During our stay the lift worked only 2 of the 4 days we were there. They did offer an apology letter; however, denied any financial compensation for the grueling experience of lifting or banging 50lb luggage up and down 3 flights of stairs. Yes, the location was good and convenient to the tube. The rooms: Very small but clean. Breakfast: Get there early because the items served best cold remain on the serving table from open to close without any attempt to keep the items cold. (Warm Yogurt was not appealing). Maid service was good. Overall this was an &quot;Okay&quot; experience but if you want to make your stay special...try a better option.	
Oct 9 2006 	Good Economy Hotel	We recommend Room 29 at this hotel. My husband and I stayed there for 6 pleasant nights. The staff were friendly, the room clean and quiet (at the back of the hotel on the 3rd floor). The complimentary breakfast was similar to what we normally eat at home - toast, cereal, yogurt, tea. The room was tiny, but we expected that from reading about European hotels. The bath was clean and modern. The lift worked fine, contrary to other reports. Only problem was that the a/c sometimes blew hot air. We solved the problem by opening the window for fresh air. No bugs. We'll book here again for the great value and close proximity to 2 tube stations. Also highly recommend the Bella Italia restaurant on nearby Queensway.	
Sep 29 2006 	YUCK!!! NIGHTMARE!! UNACCEPTABLE!	I'd booked this hotel last X'mas (DEC 2005) for my family vacation via Travelocity.com, it was so damp awful. I'd checked the reviews and their website. I'd actually paid a bit more to change my org. hotel for locations. The fotos from their site are so damp nice, classic and english feel. It was the worst nightmare I've ever had. First, they gave us a triple room (my husband, my son and I) with 3 single bed and each bed had the nasty, gloss bedsheet covered it. Not to mention the smell, scary coffeemaker, horrible bathroom scence, celling, some web-cobs I swear! It said 3-star from travelocity, but I think it is not even in a hostel standard. Pity! For the price I paid for I think I should deserve much better.I ran to the front desk to complaint about it. Eventually, they said there's a room much smaller available. It was a lot better from the basement room but still not even in 3-star standard. With my 6-yr-old son with us after the 6-hr flight from JFK we agreed to take this. Do not expect anything good for the free breakfast, it was fair of what you pay for. with extra $5 pounds you get an english breakfast but they basically put everything on a plate with very bad presentation. Trust me that you wouldn't want to eat it when you see it. I don't understand why people said they loved this hotel and will be backed. My husband and I hated it!	
Sep 14 2006 	Surprisingly Delightful	After seeing quite a few negitave reviews of the hotel and having a first-hand knowledge in tacky European hotels, I became very hesitant when booking. However in the end I crossed my fingers and went through with it, arriving in London on September 7th, around noon time. Upon stepping into the quaint lobby, I was welcomed by a polite and very helpful staff. The room was small (as the norm in Europe), but very clean and rather cozy. The bathroom was good in size and clean. The shower had plenty of hot water and nice pressure. The location of the hotel is excellent, with two Tube stations a couple of minutes away in walking distance, along with a food store, internet cafe and the beautiful Kensington Park. You could spend a whole day alone just walking around Notting Hill viewing all that it has to offer.The only gripe that I had with the hotel, was the shower nozzle's height (if you are over 6'1 like me, you'll have to crouch in order to get under it). Other than that, I was overall happy with my experience at the Byron Hotel. If you plan to travel to London, I would suggest staying at a hotel very much like this. It has the English atmosphere to it, and is nesteled in such a lovely location. I was on the third floor, room number 27. Ask for it. You won't be let down.	
Sep 9 2006 	A good-value stay	I read so many adverse comments in TripAdvisor that I once considered cancelling my booking at the Byron Hotel. (I was not aware of the comments when I booked the hotel through Princeline.) But the experience turned out to be much better than my expectation. I can say it's a good value booking - at less than GBP70 a night during the bank holidays at end August. When I arrived I told the reception that I would not take a room in the basement. The staff was very polite and replied that they had upgraded my booking to a twin room, so it's spacious enough for a single traveller like me. It's Room 15, &quot;detached&quot; somehow from others. Hence, it's exceptionally quiet! The air-conditioning functioned well, though I'm not sure whether it is adequate for mid summer. I had very good sleep during my 3-night stay there.About breakfast, I knew beforehand that it's a continental one. But I could still find ham and cheese and conflake, on top of bread. Also some canned fruit, not fresh one - but you're not paying for a buffer breakfast, right? I rarely used the lift because I like walking. But I witnessed many people using the lift to come for breakfast. I can say it's at normal condition.One thing I like most is the bathroom. It's newly renovated, clean and bright, with strong and heat shower.	
Aug 16 2006 	YUCK!	I stayed at the Byron for one night with my girlfriends. The location is OK - but would prefer to be in Kensington for the price (we paid about $200 per night for a twin room). In summary - the rooms are dingy- definitely stay on the 2nd or 3rd floors. We took a look at the rooms that were available and the basement rooms are awful! And have a strange odor. There is trash outside and cobwebs throughout. The staff is not very helpful - and breakfast is not worth getting out of bed. The elevator is one of the scariest contraptions I have ever ridden in - after one ride I only used it to send my bags down when I left. The Byron claims to have air conditioning - I think our A/C pumped out heat - and mold! I am glad it wasn't hot in London when we were there.I will never stay here again.Oh - when we left the front desk called a taxi for us. They would not call a black taxi, so we were stuck with their friends. For a comparison - the black taxi from Heathrow cost 50 pounds. The friend's taxi to the car rental agency (5-7 minutes away) cost 50 pounds. Go figure!Definitely stay away from the Byron	
Jul 30 2006 	It Was Bearable	The Byron Hotel is a cheap hotel in London, and that means you're going to be staying in the equivalent of a cheap hotel in any major city. In other words, don't translate the pounds into dollars; instead, think what kind of hotel you'd get for $70-$100 in New York City: that's what it is (well, maybe a little better). The rooms are very basic (my single was tiny, with room for a bed and a desk, with a TV attached to a fixed pole extending from the wall, and the bathroom had a shower, no tub), but if you're planning to be out sightseeing all day, that's fine. The staff are very friendly. On the other hand, there are some big drawbacks: the breakfast is pretty poor. It's a basic continental breakfast -- toast, cereal, cold cuts, and fruit cocktail -- but the fruit cocktail is right out of a can, the cold cuts are clearly out of a package, and the toast is almost always BARELY toasted. In addition, they can be slapdash: I had to tell the desk twice that there was a (small) rip in my sheets before they'd fix it, and, although three friends who called had no trouble getting through several times, at one point a friend called and they told her I'd never checked in! Finally, while I can't speak for other rooms, mine was so small that I couldn't really get comfortable in it unless I was asleep. There was no real room to sit, and the TV/bed set-up made it awkward to sit on the bed and watch TV.So my sum-up would be: if you're travelling on a strict budget , plan to be out most of the day and evening, and don't mind a genuinely budget hotel, the Byron is bearable. But if you can afford twenty or thirty pounds more a night, you should go for somewhere twenty or thirty pounds' worth of better. Oh, and one more thing: while I was there, some Americans arrived who had made the mistake of thinking you could sleep three people in a double room. In England, a double room (or twin room) means two twin beds. If you want a triple, you need to ask for a triple. And DO NOT order the English breakfast. Eight pounds for eggs and bacon is a rip-off, and you can walk to many restaurants in the area and get a real English breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, grilled tomato, and maybe baked beans) for less.	
Jul 17 2006 	beware the basement!	Went here with a work colleague- the idea being it was a good location for getting around Kensington, Notting Hill etc. My advice is this area is a bit run down and there are nicer hotels nearer to these locations. We expected a decent hotel for the four star rating- warning- it is definitely not a four star, especially not in the basement rooms. my single room was large, had twin beds, new furniture and a decent, clean, though small, bathroom. Unfortunately- it also had single glazed sash windows letting in noise from a street 3 feet away and a lift right next to the room which kept me awake all night. My colleague got the worst deal- her room was tiny, dark, looked onto a brick wall 2 feet away, bathroom tiling in need of repair, no air-conditioning and the finishing touch- the lift motor just through the wall next to her head- again- not a wink of sleep to be had. The corridors of the hotel are small and dated and the 'lounge' was not the least welcoming- very sparsely furnished and i didn't see anyone use it. The 'best' bit about the whole thing however, was breakfast- a frankly awful experience- I've had better at a 2 star in Hungary. Two cereals, tinned fruit cocktail, rolls,cheese and chopped pork-just not up to scratch- the breakfast room itself was in need of redecoration and a good clean and the foreign student staff were unhelpful and clueless it seemed. There was the option of paying £7:50 for a cooked breakfast but i fancied my chances better at the local Starbucks, which is exactly where we went.Overall- expect a budget-type stay for above average type money and go out for breakfast.	
Jun 25 2006	No way was this a 4 star hotel!	Personally I wouldn’t stay in this hotel again. Don't get me wrong, the price was good and the location was good... but the room was so small that I felt claustrophobic.There is one lift (and it doesn’t seem over used because we never had to wait long for the lift)… When we went into the room, there was the bed (which was small and narrow) and a small bedside table. There was a tv (attached to the wall as there wasn’t space for a table) which was very dated and could only get 2 channels and to get to the left side of the bed you had to duck when walking under the tv. The wardrobe was a good size and there was a dresser).The bathroom was a real disappointment, the shower was large but there was no bath! The tap on the sink was loose (and I mean properly loose so that when you turned it, it felt as if it may come off in your hands). The other thing was my towel had a 10 inch rip in it – you wonder how this could go unnoticed when the room is made up for guests!Breakfast was included (continental) – I actually thought it was a full English but it wasn’t. The reason I was confused was on the website the booking terms advise:“The room rates shown are inclusive of English / Continental Breakfast, VAT and Service.”I felt that meant traditional English or continental breakfast. The full English breakfast was an additional £8 each and I am glad we didn’t pay for it… it was just eggs and bacon.The continental breakfast was ok but not great. It was processed cheese slices and processed ham, muesli, cornflakes, tinned peaches in syrup, tinned fruit cocktail in syrup –both remind me of the tins you can get from the budget range in supermarkets for about 6p!!! Also there nice tasting yoghurts and toast with butter and jams… (and fruit juice and coffee).Now… a compliment of the breakfast, at least when the toast came out it was warm… and I was quite happy with jam on toast!I have read other peoples reviews and some one said they had a flat screen tv and a nice bath – so there a variety of rooms and so I guess when you pay only £83 a night in London you can’t expect the best room! But when you are supposedly in a 4* hotel you expect it to be a lot better than it was!	
Jun 19 2006	What Air Conditioning??	My family and I recently stayed at the Byron Hotel for 9 nights on our first trip to London. We booked the room on the internet and were specifically looking for a hotel that offered air conditioning and included a continental breakfast.Our triple room was cramped, but clean, and was located on the 5th floor. The air conditioning consisted of an antiquated vent which, on occasion, produced a few puffs of barely cool air. My travel alarm clock has a built in thermometer which consistently registered our tiny room's temperature at a sweltering 85 degrees!! As a result, we were forced to keep the two unscreened windows open day and night and take our chances with insects as well as with the noise from the youth hostel directly across the street.The continental breakfast was also a huge disappointment. Dry toast and cereal were the daily fare. One morning, my husband ordered eggs and bacon (which were overcooked and raw, respectively) to the tune of 8 pounds, or approximately 16 US dollars!My final complaint about the Byron was regarding the housekeeping service. We found that not only were our sheets never changed (my daughter's hidden socks proved that), but that our soiled bath towels, which we had left in a pile on the bathroom floor, were simply folded and re-hung on the rack!Had this been an economical hotel, I would have been more likely to overlook some of these shortcomings for the sake of saving money. But, at over $200 per night, I felt hugely disappointed and as a result, would definitely NOT give them my business again.	
May 19 2006	loved staying at hotel	i staed at bryon hotel i found it comfortable surroundings and staff very pleasent i would stay there again	
May 15 2006	Better than I thought	after reading some other reviews about how small and cramped the rooms were I was a little worried, but was plesantly surprised. The rooms are smaller than American hotels but how much time are you going to be in it? We certainly had more than enough room to move around in. We had our own bath, and air conditioning, a nice flat screen tv, and most importantly, the room was clean, I mean spotless! The staff was helpful and was able to answer our questions. I would stay there again.	
Apr 2 2006	Should be "The BEWARE" Hotel!	Booked this hotel via internet and photos of Superior triple room looked too good to be true. My husband and a good friend checked into this hotel for our &quot;Superior&quot; room. We were given a key to a room on the basement level. The wallpaper was literally falling off the walls on this ground level floor. Our room consisted of 3 twin beds and each bed had nasty bedspreads (years old!) and each bed 'sunk in' in the middle and had pillows no thicker than pancakes! The crowning glory of this room??? The light was NOT on a nightstand, but on the FLOOR!!!! Oh, yes! The bathroom was no larger than a closet and the light fixture in there? A bulb with a string to pull to turn it on! We called to complain about this &quot;Superior&quot; room and were told they would change us. We ended up on the front desk floor in the very back. Our view? Graffti on a concrete wall. The bathroom was even SMALLER than the previous one. There was a double bed and a twin bed, each with faded, dirty bedspreads and the carpeting could have just as well been painted on the floor, it was so thin! We were tired and wanted to cry. We ended up across the street at the Central Park West Hotel, which was not much better, but at least the rooms were not as dreary. We just lost the one night's room fee. When we informed the front desk staff we would not be staying, they seemed not to care; didn't even bother to ask why. AVOID THIS DUMP AT ALL COSTS.	
Dec 21 2005 	Breakfast A Joke	I had booked this hotel through a German hotel reservations site. I paid 70 GBP for a double including continental breakfast per room per night.This rate is fairly OK given the location and the proximity to Bayswater shops and to Whiteley's shopping centre. However the breakfast was a total fluke: continental breakfast consisted of dry toast, cheese and ham along with cereal. An interesting fact was that other hotel guests who had booked English breakfast received scrambled eggs, bacon and sausages while we would have had to pay extra for this. A total joke and not acceptable at all!!! The breakfast staff was incompetent, unfriendly and did not attend to our needs.The room was generally OK for UK standards. Carpets were a bit soggy and the beds too hard (but that's a matter of opinion).The door lock to our room didn't work, we enquired about fixing but this had not been accomplished during our three night stay!!Wouldn't stay there again!!! If it's just the location you're after, Queensborough Tce is FULL of hotels and if you just go there and enquire about a rate, you'll get a good deal plus be able to preview the room you'll have.	
Dec 7 2005	Thoroughly enjoyed The Byron	My wife and I wanted to find a place that was close to Hyde Park and tube stations, having never been to London. Hyde Park is literally a three minute walk from the steps of The Byron.The area is safe and a bustling street with many shops is just one block west. The street that The Byron on was nice and quiet. As we were warned prior to visiting, expect some of the lesser expensive hotels to be &quot;different&quot; than the States. There were many subtle differences, all of which we enjoyed. The room was a bit cramped and old, but it added to the romanticism of our vacation. And after all, a London vacation isn't about spending time in your hotel room. The staff was friendly and helpful.We considered it a perfect place to stay. Affordable and located in a beautifully scenic area.	
Jul 26 2005	Nice little place in London	I liked this place. First, the positives:big, american style bathrooms, clean, tiled, efficientfriendly staff (they even cut us a deal on an extra room)affordablenice neighborhood, near the Bayswater subway station and Kensington park, lots of good restaurants (and affordable ones for my teen, like Subway, Pizza Hut, McDonalds, KFC)good housekeeping staff, my room was actually cleanednow the negatives:iffy air conditioningtwo block walk to the tube station and food (not a big deal unless you are already tired from a long day of Londoning)non fitted sheets	
Jul 7 2005	Very pleasant - good value for money	I stayed at the Byron Hotel for just one night and had no problems at all. I got a special internet deal of £65 per night, which was good value.The decor of the hotel is very nice. The room was clean and well maintained, although a little small for a double. The shower was particularly good - very spacious and good water pressure. I found the staff very polite and helpful, and they let us leave our luggage there after we checked out (however, the luggage was just left in a corridoor which perhaps wasn't the safest of places!). It would have been nice to have a full English breakfast included in the price, but I found that the free continental breakfast was more than enough to fill you up - plenty of toast, cereal, juice, tea/coffee etc. For the room price we paid this was fine.Overall, I think we definitely got our money's worth. However, I probably wouldn't have paid the full room price, and would have expected more if I was paying £100+. But if you can find a good deal, then I recommend the Byron Hotel as a basic but charming bed and breakfast which is ideally located near Central London.	
Jun 12 2005	Pretty Good!	I wasn't thrilled about the price for a triple (100 pounds - about 200 US dollars per night), but we came to the Byron mid week after leaving a pretty gross hotel which was charging 80 pounds a night. I was pleased with the Byron's customer service (for instance, they allowed us to check in a couple of hours early by expediting the cleaning of our room knowing that we had come from another hotel with our luggage).The room was small, but very clean as was the bathroom. Only complaints were low water pressure in the shower and young drunk hostelers across the street yelling all night (just one night). I read complaints on tripadviser about the breakfast food, but I thought the &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast was fine - toast, juice, coffee. Sure, ideally I would have liked pastries and more cereal selection (corn flakes, granola), but was glad to have something to avoid $4 coffees and $4 pastries from Starbucks.I'm not sure how well this hotel compares against others in the 100 pound range, but knowing that London is extremely expensive, I thought this was a pretty decent deal. I'd come here again.	
Oct 10 2004	A big disappointment	The Byron Hotel should not be rated as a 3-star hotel. When I booked my room online, I was told that a &quot;full English breakfast&quot; was included in the price. My first morning, I was given nothing but toast and cereal and told that anything else would cost 5 pounds extra. I inquired at the front desk, expecting that the problem would be fixed and I would receive the full breakfast that had been promised. I received only a disinterested shrug--no offer to give me what I had been told I was paying for, no apology, not even an explanation of why I was misinformed. They just didn't care. That was bad enough, but as the week went on I found the other problems at the Byron to much more troubling. The beds were uncomfortable and the mattresses and pillows so old and worn as to be almost non-existent. The toilet paper is of such a cheap brand that it actually emits an unpleasant odor. Have you ever heard of toilet paper actually smelling bad on the roll and stinking up the bathroom? Even beyond that, housekeeping had a habit of not leaving a new roll of paper in the bathroom when the old one was almost out, so that I would have run out of paper in the night had I not noticed and called the front desk for more before going to bed. Finally, on my first morning I used a cup and left a lipstick mark on it. After housekeeping came through, the cup with the mark on it was still there; it had neither been washed nor replaced. Even after specifically asking for a new cup, the dirty, used one remained in the room all week. I can only hope that it was Only one woman who works there seems to know anything about London, and she only worked 3 out of the 7 days I was there and only in the mornings. The rest of the time, I was left with people who couldn't give me basic directions or answer general questions. Do not stay at the Byron. I plan to return to London soon, and I certainly won't be staying there again.	
May 22 2004	You Can Do Better	We read the reviews of the Byron Hotel before we stayed there, and were still disappointed. We have just returned from a four-night stay. While the hotel was clean, had a very helpful front-desk staff, and is in a very desirable and attractive location (just one-half block from Hyde Park and within a very short walk of two Tube stations), this does not make up for a number of shortcomings. First, our room (#16) was very small, though I was told it was one of the larger double rooms. It did have a very modern and spacious bathroom with excellent water pressure and plenty of hot water. However, the mattress was uncomfortably lumpy and was the cause of some lost sleep. And don't get me started on the rug. The second biggest shortcoming was the breakfast experience. The complimentary continental breakfast consisted of cold cereal and canned, syrupy fruit. Both the coffee and tea were tasteless. All this served in a small and crowded breakfast area which was usually very noisy. The Byron is only inexpensive by London standards. We think you should be getting more for your money. It is unlikely that we will stay there again. 	
May 17 2004	Good deal for the money	I bought a package deal for myself and my family through Virgin Atlantic that combined airfare, transfers, and hotel. I chose the Byron based on price and research. (Note: this was February 2002.)Although the Byron is not in the center of London, it is near two Tube stops, this makes it easy to get around - but get a Zone One Tube pass or you will bleed money getting around.The hotel was older, but comfortable. The facilities were clean. The breakfast was very good - cooked to order, nicely done, and good portions. I was pleased with the staff as well - they were nice and friendly. I got a separate room for my kids (the rooms were smallish compared to American hotels, but typical for much of Europe). So don't count on crowding a ton of people in one room.Bottom line: I would stay there again. I refer my friends to the Byron.	
Apr 28 2004	cost/performance ratio very good	I booked this hotel one hour before my trip started and I can´t complain about anything. I booked this hotel via a internet platform and could get a real nice budget price.The location was great (2 underground stations nearby), the rooms were silent, very tiny (as normal in London), clean and the staff was friendly.Our price included traditional breakfast that was o.k. und sufficient. I also liked the shower, that offered enough space, a good water-jet and a good temperature regulation ==&gt; AND BELIEVE ME THIS IS NOT UK STANDARD.So nothing negative to say about this hotel. Would stay there again...	
Apr 2 2004	Bad Bad Byron!	Talk about a flophouse! The room was beyond tiny and very worn, the bathroom hosted a variety of mold species, public areas were neglected and the staff was incredibly rude. On top of all this, upon checkout the clerk charged us a $70 differential for the English breakfast (which sucked, incidentally)claiming our rate had included only the Continental breakfast. Even though I presented written evidence to the contrary, we were still charged the difference and management has not responded to my faxes and phone calls. Hello, Visa--I'd like to dispute a charge! Anyway, this place is a dump and anyone willing to search on the Net a bit can find a much better value. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	
Mar 6 2004	a hideaway of convenience....	'Cozy' in the European sense! Friendly staff, decent continental breakfast, option for a true English breakfast for 5 pounds, clean towels, quiet on the back side of the building, 'safe' neighborhood, very close to 4 tube stations, shopping, restaurants, Notting Hill, Portabello Market and Hyde Park. Rooms are typical European, meaning a bit smaller than what you may find in the US and the bathroom was freezing cold, but would definitely recommend the hotel for a budget. Its not the Ritz, but its affordable, convenient and decent!!!	
Mar 3 2004	We were very pleased with it		
Feb 24 2004	Well um it's a good location		
Feb 15 2004	A Delightful Stay		
Feb 14 2004	A terrific place to stay		
Dec 16 2003	Stayed for a month - plan on staying again		
Oct 26 2003	Dirty and run-down		
Sep 29 2003	I'd stay again		
Jul 16 2003	You get what you pay for?		
May 31 2003	Great location!		
Nov 9 2009 	Petit hotel sympa		
Nov 9 2009 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Sep 29 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Aug 27 2009 	gentilissimi....		
Aug 19 2009 	Pessimo hotel		
Aug 2 2009 	Bien situé !		
Jul 30 2009 	Joli hotel bien situé idéal pour prendre Londres d'assaut!		
Jul 14 2009 	Troppe delusioni nonostante la buona presentazione TripAdvisor		
May 2 2009 	Vacances reussies a Londres		
Apr 23 2009 	una gran bella sistemazione		
Feb 23 2009 	Gran relacion calidad-precio		
Feb 12 2009 	Très bien		
Jan 18 2009 	Hôtel très confortable et douillet		
Jan 6 2009 	hotel très convenable dans un quartier calme		
Nov 16 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Oct 5 2008 	Wohlfühlhotel in zentraler Lage		
Aug 25 2008 	Un agradable y pintoresco hotel		
Aug 25 2008 	Estoy encantada con el Byron Hotel		
Jul 31 2008 	Byron: Perfetta ubicazione		
Jul 30 2008 	Byron: Buena relación calidad-precio		
Jul 22 2008 	Limpio cómodo y bien situado		
Jul 15 2008 	Quanto e' comodo il Byron hotel		
Jul 11 2008 	Perfecto para visitar Londres		
May 1 2008 	Hotel muy bien situado renovado y con encanto.		
Mar 14 2008 	Sehr schönes und gemütliches Hotel		
Nov 13 2007 	Bon hotel a Londres		
Jul 22 2007 	Lager super Zimmer top!!		
Apr 30 2007 	Weiterempfehlen!		
