Nov 22 2009 	So bad it was actually funny... like living in a comedy.	It was my 30th Birthday so my friends and I decided to rough it one night so we could have a lovely night out in London. On walking into the crowded reception we were pleasantly suprised. After waiting about 20mins to get to the desk the receptionist tried to check us in. We were half way through when a very very rude and unimpressed customer came and threw his weight around so we had to wait another few minutes while another member of staff tried to sort him out. We eventually got to our rooms or in this case more like army barracks but minus the cleanliness.The bedding seemed clean but that was the only bonus of the room. The next morning we went up to enjoy our 'Continental breakfast'... I use that phrase losely! It was really funny. A whole crowd of people waiting in line to make their toast on the single toaster (there was another one but it didn't work). The rest of breakfast was jam and butter and a variety of cereal. There was also a choice of coffee, tea and some juice. My sister had some apple juice which must have been diluted 1 part apple juice to 3 parts water. Yuck! After joining another couple on one of the remaining big tables and having some toast and butter, I decided to have a cup of coffee. I was just about to pour the milk into my cup when very rude waitor told me that the buffet area was closing, so I nodded and said 'okay' and continued pouring my milk, he then repeated himself more forcefully this time... I was gob smacked... and started laughing, I mean, what do you do when someone says that and you are already retreating from the table. I should have just put my coffee down and walked away maybe? It was absolutely hilarious!!! When we went back to the rooms, my friends card wouldn't work so she went back down to the reception to get it sorted out. Guess who came rushing through throwing his toys again... the same man from the day before. Anyway, we were really glad to be out of there. I looked at the photos of the hotel again and laughed some more... The pictures are NOTHING like the rooms we got. I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all!!!	
Nov 9 2009 	right in between 2 major london airports	Looks very grand form the outside but rooms look like they have renovated by a butcher, i would consider this hotel more in the med/high end backpaker accomadation range, my room which was right above the main bar which was open 24/7 (if the bar staff turned up for work), some staff were very helpful other staff were rude &amp; arrogant, there seems to be a lot of managment walking about looking important talking down to hotel employee's with atitude. The continental breakfast was a complete joke, it consisted of Toast (white bread only) , Cornflaks, orange juice tea &amp; coffee and if you want a fried breakfast they want 5pound, everyone was saying how rediculase it was (Lge fried breakfast in town (5mins walk) cost 2.95.	
Nov 3 2009 	CHEAP HOTEL - YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR	Booked this hotel via Booking.com - previous reviews on TripAdvisor not great, but we wanted somewhere cheapish in this area.Room 45 allocated - lower ground floor. Very warm room - possibly over the boiler room.Odd smell in corridor, may have been from the laundry. Lots of bedlinen in corridor when we arrived, but this was removed later. Room very basic, worktop not finished, no remote on TV, very little hanging space considering room had a double and a single bed.Washbasin very badly cracked, cold water tap difficult to turn on, and water eventually came in big spurt, very difficult to turn off again fully. toilet seat was not properly fixed, floor covering was lifting through being wet. Water was very hot (not a complaint). On using the over-bath shower, the shower head assembly came apart - this must have been noticeable when the room was serviced, but we had to ask at reception to get it sorted, which it was when we returned the following day. No grab rails on bath or wall - an accident waiting to happen.We only went up to the 5th floor breakfast room once and that was too often. Breakfast was very limited - a few cereals or prunes, tea, coffee and bread for toasting. Fruit juice was available - we tried, and left, the apple juice which was very diluted, and tasted of very little.Other rooms here may have been better, but we had a pretty miserable experience, in fact we left a day early. Hotel is part of Euro Hotels group - not a good advert for the chain.	
Nov 1 2009 	Never judge a book by its cover or indeed a hotel by its frontage!	I had read the reviews and was filled with trepidation when enroute to the Queens Hotel, Crystal Palace, but as it was cheap, I was more than prepared to &quot;rough it&quot; for one night. To all outward appearances, it seemed a pleasant enough place, although the Reception staff weren't overly eager to please or make their guests feel welcome. I felt that the Receptionist was over-worked and under seige from some of my fellow guests at the time I arrived, so I gave her the benefit of the doubt. The room appeared ok, a bit shabby but it had everything I needed. The electrics were definitely dodgy, with sockets hanging off the wall, so I was very glad I didn't have any young children staying with me. The curtains were ugly, but covered the window adequately. The bedding could have done with a hot wash in Vanish to shift the well set staining! However the bed was comfy and that's really all you need. All in all, I felt relieved that the place really wasn't too bad. I have to report though that my relief was very short-lived! I spent a dreadful night in that place. The noise from the nearby Games Room was horrendous and I suspect the guests in the room above were rearranging the furniture from 2am til 5.30! Having had precious little sleep, I was finally flooded out of my bed at 7am! I can only surmise the guests in the room directly above mine had flooded their bath and the water cascaded through my ceiling light fitting straight on to my bed. They obviously had a functioning bath plug in their room, which was more than could be said for mine! (No bath plug. I had to use the top off a milk carton, being a resourceful girl! The shower didn't work.) I immediately reported my distress to the duty Receptionist. ( I had to walk to Reception, as there was no phone in the room) who said he &quot;would send someone&quot;. I sat in the near dark, couldn't have the light on as there was the obvious hazard of water and electricity, for 2 hours. Nobody came! In the end, I gave up hope of any help and went to breakfast ( basic, but ok) and completed a Complaints Form. Nobody has contacted me to apologise for what happened, which is frankly infuriating. A simple &quot;sorry&quot; would suffice. I have vowed I will never darken the doors of the Queens Hotel again. It is a den of iniquity and I wouldn't even wish a night there on my worst enemy!	
Oct 30 2009 	not bad for a cheap hotel	I've stayed three nights at this hotel. The room was not that bad. It was clean. Don't expect much from this hotel, but for a cheap stay that's ok. I would stay again	
Oct 23 2009 	Its £30 what do you expect?????	I don’t really understand the reviews here, the hotel is £30 a night, its half an hour by bus away from Trafalgar square what did you seriously expect?!The room was clean, (admittedly a bit of maintenance wouldn't have gone a miss) the shower was good and the linen spotless.I’m sorry but if you’re looking for 5* luxury London offers plenty of hotels of that standard and price. If however you’re simply looking for a base from which you can explore London easily with good transport links on a budget I would recommend this fully.	
Oct 17 2009	Not that bad actually.	After reading the reviews I was really worried about this hotel. But when we finally got there (we were a big group) my first impression was that it actually looked quite nice.The staff were friendly and the rooms were clean and there was hot water in the shower.Altogether I think it was fine, considering the price.	
Oct 9 2009 	Believe the horror stories	Yes it's cheap but believe me, it's a false economy staying here. The room was scruffy and basic but habitable, though a lot of the electrics were really dodgy. The beds were old and the radiators were on full blast despite it being warm outside. Luckily we managed to turn it off. The phone in the room didn't work. We were woken up THREE times during the night by fire alarms - at 5, 7 and 8 a.m. Extremely loud and frightening as the bells are right by the beds. There was no information given about this except that people had supposedly been smoking in their rooms. The second time, they could not switch the very old and flaky alarm system off and the car park and lobby were full of confused, bleary eyed guests who had no idea what do to. Everyone was very angry and one woman said that the previous night, it had happened FOUR times. The staff seemed to think this was perfectly normal and not their problem. We stayed only one night and didn't stay for breakfast as we really just wanted to get out of there. I originally wrote a very harsh review but in hindsight, it's better to ask some serious questions. I have to wonder if this place has ever been inspected. I cannot see how it could pass even a basic safety check. With the alarm going off several times every night, if there is a real fire, nobody will take it seriously. The manager was on duty at 10 p.m when we arrived and still there at 11 a.m when we left. he looked knackered and really didn't seem to care about anything. I wish I had seen these reviews before I booked. Like most people, I saw the price and the pictures and thought well, why not. And while it's cheap, it's a massive gamble staying at this hotel. Certainly I would never go back there. The place needs a really serious safety inspection and a massive change in staff attitudes.	
Oct 5 2009 	It wasn't as bad as everyone is saying	I ignored the other reviews about this hotel. It was easy to find and was near a bus stop. You just have to not mind being a little bit further out of London. The bar area was quite nice and the room was clean. My only problem was that I couldn't get the radiator to work which I'm sure could have been fixed had I checked in earlier.Breakfast the next day was a little chaotic. Toast and Cereal were offered along with juices and hot drinks but there was quite a queue for the toaster. The best thing for me was the fifth floor balcony view outside the breakfast room.	
Oct 4 2009 	Absolutely ghastly	We stayed one night in this awful hotel - the room needed gutting and re-plastering and redecorating. The curtains were a joy to behold with them hanging off the curtain rail and torn. The en-suite had dripping and limescale-encrusted taps, a shower that you had to hold to ensure that water would be directed at you and not at the wall. There was a hole in the door and like the bedroom the walls had dents and dirty marks all over. The service in the restaurant was poor to an extreme, most of the tables had not been cleared from previous guests - we just felt that we were not welcome. True the room was cheap but we did expect cleanliness rather than a room that looked as if it had been in a war zone. Thank goodness we only had to stay one night - I thought inspectors had to vet hotels - I think if this hotel was vetted it would be closed down.	
Sep 16 2009 	The room was a disgrace	We booked this hotel through Greenbee and expected a certain standard. We were bitterly disappointed as the room bore no resemblance to the one shown on the website. There were electrical cables and sockets hanging from the walls, the decoration was in an awful state and the furniture and bedding looked as if they had come from a 'tip'. There was only one single dim light hanging from the ceiling...... I could go on. We asked the staff if they could change our room but they said they were full. We had booked three weeks earlier so it wasn't a last minute booking. We had no where else to stay that evening and needed to be in Crystal Palace, so we stayed but we couldn't get away fast enough the next morning. We didn't stop for breakfast! The experience was quite upsetting.	
Sep 4 2009 	ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING...GROSS	I wish i had read the reviews and not just visited the website. The photo gallery on the website must be for a different hotel. As with many others, i arrived before 3pm and was &quot;found&quot; a room after being told there were none until after 3pm...MAYBE IF I HAD WAITED THEY WOULD HAVE GIVEN ME A CLEAN ROOM???? The halls smelled of mold, the room smelled of vomit. The stained/dirty curtains were hanging off the rod with cigarette holes burnt into them; No TV reception (the bunny ear antenna was of no help), 1 rusty chair with stained cushio ( I didn't even want my suitcase on it). the comfortor smelled and on the light colored side, there were dark stains that could have blood, urine, or even worse...EVEN THE WALLS HAD STAINS!!! I'm glad i did not have a black light...i'd rather believe the stains were coffee !!!! I never even made into the bathroom...i stayed 10 minutes, took some pictures of the horror and went to the lobby. I needed desperately to contact my travel agent and there was no cell reception. However, the staff claimed there was no internet access for clients and the only phone was a public phone on the sidewalk outside. I ended up taking a taxi to the airport where at the INFORMATION desk i was booked a hotel 5 minutes from the airport...$70.00USD/NIGHT...&quot;JURY'S INN HOTEL @ HEATHROW AIRPORT&quot; FABULOUS HOTEL, COULD NOT HEAR A PLANE, CLEAN, NEW, SMELLED GOOD AND NO STAINS ANYWHERE!!!	
Sep 2 2009 	[Alarm Alarm] Not Fit for Your Dog to Stay There	worst hotel i have ever put my foot in. smelt on arival staff looked dirty and gruby.was given a room could not belive my eyes dirty gruby room ,wallpaper hangin off wall,bed sheets blood stained , pubic hairs in bed, refused to stay demanded money back walked out WHAT A DUMP DONT DIO IT DONT STAY HOTEL FROM HELL	
Aug 31 2009 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in	We booked five rooms for two nights as we were in London for a wedding which was being held in Dulwich so the location was very convenient. We were advised on booking that the hotel was under refurbishment and that we would be staying in the newly refurbished rooms, only one of the rooms out of the five had been refurbished. On arrival, they asked for payment upfront, on reflection the warning bells should have rung then.Our rooms were in different parts of the hotel not together as we would have liked, my partner and I was put in the basement which was uncomfortabley warm. The room was tiny, to the point that we couldn't move around it at the same time. It also had one small window in the corner therefore making it very dark. There were stains/marks on the walls and celling which were disgusting and we couldn't tune the tv in properly. The first night the toilet cistern would not fill up properly and was running like a tap all night which kept me awake. I got up early the next morning to have a shower, which was cold. When I went to the reception desk to tell them about the shower they said there was a problem with the boilers, something that I had realised myself during my cold shower. I also informed them of the noisy toilet to which they said they would have someone from maintenance look at it in 10 minutes, I did not see anyone from maintenance, they must have fixed it while we were out at the wedding. The boiler was fixed later that morning but that was too late for me as I had an appointment with they hairdresser and had to be ready early. Breakfast was included in the fee, however I would not have eaten there if it had been the last restaurant on Earth, the rooms had dirty walls so god know what the kitchen would have been like!My pregnant step-sister had the delight of not being able to open the window in her room as the kitchen staff had put chicken outside to rot right by her window which smelt terrible. She asked them to move it which they didn't, so as a results only opened the window as she left which would have been a nice smell for the cleaners, maybe they would have done something about it then. She also did not have a plug in her bath, therefore having to improvise. My 85 year old Grandmother also did not have a plug in her sink which she found very inconvenient .To conclude, the staff are not helpful and the hotel is dirty the only redeeming factor was the location in relation to our wedding. If I could offer advise to anyone it would be do not under any circumstances stay at this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	hotel from helldirty room.got home to find out been bitten by bed bugs.	went to London to visit new grandson. stayed 1 night at the queens hotel the following day when i got home i started itching on my arms.at the time didn't take much notice. after day or so developed lots of bites. i eventually went to my GP and a and e,was given tablets.think in all been to hospital 4 or 5 times. my arm swelled up really badly and my hand.was eventually told i had been bitten by bed bugs. when i checked my bed discovered bed bugs.have since had to buy new bed and carpet.	
Aug 22 2009 	Do Not Stay Here - Even If It Is On A Budget Room	What an awful experience1. dirty nappies left in the corridors2. Dirty and unkempt, smelling of fried food on the ground level3. Naked light fittings in the bathroom4. Curtains half hanging off windows5. cracked sink with a plug hole that was a gaping black hole only6. Plumbing pipes were rusty , mouldy and totally unacceptable7. Bathroom door would not shut properly at there were lumps taken out of the wood8. door runner had screws that were sticking up out of the floor9. Bed was rock hard10 Thumping music playing until midnight11 Breakfast room untidy and tables not made up, not enough room for number of guests12 Breakfast very basic not what u call continental at allOn complaining to management, the manager said &quot;WHAT DO U EXPECT FOR WHAT U PAID FOR&quot; he then proceeded to escort me to another room and disturbed some guests that were already in situ to show me their room, although this was better than the room that I was in it was still not to a very high standard.Reception staff were quite argumentative and took my comments and my photographic evidence personally and as someone else who made a review said they were too busy answering the phone than to deal with guests who were standing at reception.As for the comment made on another review GET OVER IT WHILST PAYING BUDGET RATE. Certain standards should always be met whether u pay ten pounds or 100 pounds. THIS HOTEL DOES NOT OFFER ANY KIND OF DECENT SET STANDARDS LET ALONE ANY RATINGS WHATSOVER.DO NOT STAY HERE	
Aug 20 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE ITS A DUMP AND THE STAFF ARE RUDE	This hotel does not deserve any star ratings. They do not advise you of the cancellation policy when booking. The staff are so rude and talk at you like you are a child. Every time I went to reception conveniently there was no manager there and the reception staff were unable to do anything. The bathrooms are horrible and when going in the shower the bath filled up even though there were no plug in. There was no lock on the window and even though I asked them to put a bolt on it to secure it this was never done. I was on ground level so this concerned me. Also the cleaners threw my bottle of water in the bin. I will never stay here again and the end of my stay couldnt come quick enough. If you want a nice cheap hotel in this area stay at the Devere Venue Davenport House in Greenwich. Its 5star compared to this dump.	
Jul 28 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	Stayed here for one Sat night, had read some of the reviews on trip Advisor and was a little worried. Very good value, helpful staff, room was a bit shabby, but clean, as was the bathroom. Noisy party going on outside, reception staff sauid it would finish at midnight and it did. Breakfast was very basic, luckily my friend had brought croissants! The coffee was good tho. i would stay there again, it's amazing value for a hotel in London.	
Jul 27 2009 	You get what you pay for - cheap but ok	I was very worried about staying here having read previous reviews! HOwever, once we arrived, staff on reception were friendly and our room was fine - small but clean and with hot water in shower. We had toilet paper, and coffee/tea making etc. Our friends didnt have towels in their room, but once they rung reception they arrived within about a minute. The hotel is within easy walking distance of crystal palace athletics and by train to centre of london - 15/20 mins. If you are happy with a piece of toast, coffee and cereal then breakfast is fine - there are a lack of plates, cups,staff and glasses, and dont expect tables to be cleared. BUT........ if you accept you have paid a cheap price near to centre - it is perfectly ok (personally I think they should just scrap breakfast and have it room only as all that happens is people want to complain and then want to sit and look miserable!) Get over it - if you want 4 * then book a more expensive hotel. If you want somewhere cheap and clean to stay in, with easy access to London, then this hotel is fine!	
Jul 27 2009 	Doesn't deserve any star rating	I was unfortunate enough to stay here whilst working at the Crystal Palace stadium. It was booked for me so I was unaware of the poor reviews before I went.Despite the fact that the website photos look ok (well they would wouldn't they?) the interior smacked of a cheap tarting-up and repaint job. I aarrived at reception to find a couple complaining that their room was impossibly hot and had no opening windows and insisting to be moved, not a good sign. The (male) receptyionist seemed rather unhelpful about that. After negotiating my check-in with someone who's grasp of the English language seemed to be not great, I went along to my allocated room, no offers of help with luggage but no real problem since my room was on the ground floor. My key card wouldn't work but after trying three times someone seemingly inside the room asked who was there. I knocked and the door opened and I was greeted by a member of staf muttering something about he thought that room was not being allocated or something like that so he asked me to wait and helpfully went to reception. That seemed to get sorted and he came back and I was able to open the door and get installed. The room itself was ok but very stark it appeared to have been redecorated in the recent past but had very basic furnishings with no pictures or anything to break up the magnolia that was everywhere. Being July I didn't need any lights until late and then found at about 10 O'Clock that none of the electrics worked in the bathroom ie centre light, light over the sink, hairdryer etc etc. I managed because I couldn't be bothered to have to move or have someone come and mess with the electrics. The bed was one of the worst matresses I've ever had in a hotel and must have been a super-economy spring version bought as a job-lot.Breakfast was a farce. Although I'd paid for B&amp;B accomodation, breakfast was just a choice of a few cereals and toast, all self service and a choice of tea or coffee, again self service in big pots. Like othere have found, the hotel couldn't keep up with the guests and it was evident that plates and cups etc kept running out and it was also impossible to find a table not already cluttered with used crockery and cutlery. I had to share with someone else because there weren't even enough tables anyway.Apart from being near Crystal Palace stadium it has nothing to recommend it. If I work there again I will insist on staying elsewhere.The review that says it was great must be reviewing a different hotel !!	
Jul 27 2009 	You dont get what you pay for consider camping	1. Room window broken and held together with sticky tape. This window was filthy on the outside which restricted viewing.2. Television only had 1 channel and the remote control did not work.3. key to room 102 found in dressing table drawer.4. Two of the four lights did not work.5. No lock on bathroom door and handle did not work.6. No hot water7. Breakfast room untidy with food left on tables. Cutlery and plates not always available and had to wait for these for some considerable time.8. Front desk staff unhelpfull as they stated they did not know the way to Crystal Palace athletics stadium. This is poor as it is the main reason people book a hotel in the area. Our impression is they could not be bothered to explain.9. Receptionist took a phone call while booking us in and the proceed to keep us waiting while he had a telephone conversation.Hotel has excellent potential but reflects the poor quality of the staff. These people set the standards.	
Jul 19 2009 	Shabby shambolic and shameful - should only be a 1 star	It was claimed that you could reach London in 15 mins. but the reality is a 20 mins HARD hike to the railway station, then a further 25 mins to Victoria.We checked in at the presentable reception,were given the room key by a polite but indifferent receptionist (whose1st language was not English, which was the case for every member of staff we encountered). We were given a set of lengthy instructions which involved flights of stairs, with no mention of a lift, or any assistance to find the room.So we set out with neither compass nor map, but with a growing sense of foreboding, and found the first &quot;disguised&quot; step (difference in floor level carpeted over), surely a tripping hazard, which led us down a grotty stairwell to a labyrinth of corridors. After backtracking several times, we eventually found the room, which seemed to have been decorated by a blindfolded budgie who really didn't give a damn....Electrical sockets half-painted over : dangerously, ill-fitted faceplate on a double socket, which worked intermittently : electrical cable trunking fallen off wall : absurdly poorly fitted door which when closed, let in as much light as the window : poorly fitted carpet , with 2 more potential tripping hazards : vynyl flooring in en-suite also poorly fitted (germ breeding ground) : broken set-top aerial - no TV reception .There were only two coat-hangers : there was only 1 bedside cabinet and 1 chair : during our 5 nights stay the bedsheets were not changed : towels were changed daily, except one occasion they were removed, but NOT replaced, which took over an hour to remedy .We had 3 consecutive disturbed nights , including : faulty fire alarm going off in the small hours on 2 different nights : incompetent reception staff phoning our room, for no apparent reason in the small hours on 2 different nights :  rowdy teenagers creating a disturbance, in the small hours on 2 different nights ... with no reaction from hotel staff when informed.Breakfast was the bare minimum Continental buffet ... every day was the same story ...they would run out of clean plates, glasses, cups, cereal, juice, milk , jam, bread ...and when they did eventually replenish , there would not be enough for the queue.Although there were sufficient staff, they clearly weren't being managed . This was when the restaurant was quieter ... on the occasions when it was busy, all Hell broke loose.	
Jun 27 2009 	Hotel of Horrors	Upon arriving at this hotel we were led down a mouldy rabbit warren of corridors and stairs to our room, having to drag our luggage with no offer of assistance from indifferent staff. Wet paint slightly quenched the smell of vomit on the carpet which I nearly stood in. The first room of many had no windows, basically a basement with it's damp, moudly smell. We were horrified as they pointed to bunk beds crammed into the corner, something not even mentioned prior to arrival. Unsure of the legal breaches the hotel was surely making we demanded another room and hotel staff were uniterested and argumentative. One morning as were trying to exit the hotel we nearly got locked in the stairwell which we had to use due to there being an insufficient number of lifts for the amount of other unfortunate guests in the hotel. As for location, I am not even quite sure that this hotel is still located in London. To get to the centre of the city was a 15 minute walk down the road to the bus stop, which took us to a train station which was approximately 40 minutes. Somewhat tiring to do every day. DON'T STAY HERE!!	
Jun 7 2009 	Don't.... it's a dire and dangerous place to be!	I was attending my sister's wedding in the locality and booked the hotel a month before the wedding. However, the day before I was due to check in I rang to confirm I could have an early check in (they won't normally check in before 3pm, even though check out is at 11am) as the wedding was at 3. They'd lost my booking!!!! After a brief discussion with an incredibly unhelpful manager, and me having to email them a copy of my reservation confirmation, they called me back with my reservation number, and reluctantly confirmed I could check in from 1pm.On arrival at the hotel at 1.15 we were initially told no rooms were ready, but then they miraculously found a room that was. We were given directions on how to find it, but were not warned about the obstacle course we'd have to pass to reach it!!! Very poorly lit corridors, with unmarked slopes in the floor and unmarked steps resulted in me tripping and bashing my arm on a wall. When we eventually found the room, it had 3 single beds, when I'd booked a double bed. So back we went to reception. Guess what.... they don't have an accident book, and I couldn't see any details regarding their public liability insurance displayed anywhere. Despite this, I made a written statement about the accident, the receptionist signed it and I was given a copy, being assured the Security Officer would record details of the accident in the appropriate records. Personally, I'm not convinced this will happen.Although the receptionist was as helpful as she could be, it was clear the manager really didn't give a damn about his patrons - we overheard him telling the desk staff that he didn't care whether there were weddings going on, check in was at 3pm and not before, and it was tough if there weren't rooms ready when geusts arrived.Well anyway, we're now nearing 2pm - just about the time we needed to get the taxi to the wedding venue - and we're finally given what was described as 'a lovely room'. Yes it was clean, yes it was a double, but was it 'lovely'?... not as far as I am concerned! The room was at the front of the hotel, which faces onto a very busy road, and the windows were not even double glazed. The bathroom was functional at best - the plug hole in the sink was full of hairs, and the paint was peeling off, where the bathroom was quite clearly damp.Needless to say we did not spend more time than necessary in the room, choosing only to sleep in there, and we waited until we'd got home this morning to shower!My sister - the bride - suffered a similar, yet perhaps worse experience. She too had called on Friday to confirm an early check in, only to find, once she got there, that her room wasn't ready, and she had to put her wedding dress on in the hotel toilets!!!!!!Please, please, please, please DO take note of all the other poor reviews on here, and really do give this place a miss. Your health and safety just isn't worth the risk.	
May 29 2009 	The waterhole in the desert!	We arrived early on the Monday, and were very politely advised the first check-in was at 3pm. Upon asking we were told it was no problem to leave the car there, and were given a parking slip to put in the windscreen. We were also then told we could leave our luggage with them if we wanted.We asked for advice for getting into London and were advised that the number 3 bus goes straight into the centre of London, and were told where the bus stop was (about half a mile walk away). (You can buy an all day bus rover ticket from the newsagent by the bus stop for £3.80 all day hop on hop off - as opposed to a £2 single for all trips).We got back to the hotel quite late and checked in, got a bit lost getting to the room (had to go back to the desk and ask for more instructions, and were then shown to the room). It was clean and very tidy, the bed was ENORMOUS and comfortable. The bathroom was nicely finished, tiled all over. The hot water took a little while to come through &amp; perhaps the shower curtain rail was a little rusty but having said that I've seen worse rooms costing far more. The inclusive continental breakfast was a choice of cereals, fruit juices, toast, jams, ham and cheese, tea and coffee. (We award brownie points to anyone who finds room 730 without assistance.)The bedding was changed for the second day (though we were only staying two nights), and the towels we used were replaced for clean. Disappointing that the milk on the tea/coffee tray in the room weren't topped up. Masses of power points in the room and the tv was pretty good.You do have to re-validate the room card every day to be able to access the room again, but that wasn't a problem. All the staff we saw and dealt with were really polite, I'd almost call them charming.All in all a very good 9 out of 10, and 10 out of 10 for sheer value.There is a chinese restaurant on Church Road at the end of the road near the bus stop called Noodle Time which we would completely recomend, the cheapest plate you can get is for £3.50, all freshly cooked and a very very generous portion. Excellent.	
May 6 2009 	Disasterous 	Months ago, me and my girlfriend booked a double room for 3 days in the Crystal Palace hotel. The comments and reviews on THIS site were not very promising, but we thought that for just 3 days it cannot get that severe.Once we arrived at the hotel, our first impression was not that bad. But just as we asked for a room, we realized that something strange and caotic is happening in this hotel. The employees at the reception had difficulties with assigning the rooms and finally we got a room with 6 beds in the basement next to noisy and loud party people (they were up till 4 or 5 am!!! - perfect conditions for a London trip with sightseeing :-/ ). Keep in mind, we booked months ago! You can imagine, that the organization in this hotel is horrible.Furthermore, the room we got assigned was not cleaned, the beds were dusty, light bulbs and toilet paper were missing and the telephone was broken. Also the window was locked so we couldn't even have fresh air. But have a look at the fotographs in the attachments!And by the way: don't expect to get breakfast in the hotel! No plates, no cups, no place to sit down, but unfriendly staff... By the way, getting from the center of London to the hotel took us almost 1 hour by bus.	
Apr 21 2009 	Never again!	We stayed at this hotel for 9 nights, and payed 35pounds for 1 night (twin room).When we arrived, they told us at the reception that somebody booked us in a wrong room, so we had to wait about 20 minutes till we get our new room. And surprise, surprise, you really don´t get much for the money: mold in the bathroom, no toilet-paper there, it was too hot in the rooms (and they needed 2 days! to put the heating down!), only a few channels on tv, no possibility to call outside the hotel and no internet.The breakfast every morning wa terrible. They have only 1 bread available (white toast), and not many choices for the facing. But they have at least 3 mueslis available. But am wondering where the staff from the hotel was trained, because on a lot of days there was so much people in the breakfast room that the staff couldn´t handle all this anymore. You had to wait for everything; Tee, Coffee, plates ... One day the orange juice was empty and we asked for it and they said that we don´t get any juice anymore because they is no one left. I never ever heard in a hotel that they don´t have any juice anymore! I also heard a few times guest saying that they will eat they breakfast somewhere else because it was too full and too bad. I would recommend everybody not to pay more than 40pounds per night for a room there because it´s not more worth it.I would never ever stay again in this hotel.	
Apr 17 2009 	Get what you paid for	Our room was basic but really clean. I'd read the reviews before so was prepared for the basic bathroom which was in need on refurbishment, but was fine. The breakfast was crazy. There was ceral but no bowls, coffee and tea but no cups and saucers, and when clean crockery was bought out, only 5 or 6 bowls or plates would be brought out at a time, so there was a mad rush as we all got up from our tables and ran across to fight over them! The breakfast was really basic, but at the end of the day, we paid about £20 a night and it was 20 minutes from the centre of london on a train so was a bargain!	
Apr 12 2009 	Dated runned down noisy contintal breakfast; burger cheese ham cereal and toast	Rooms too hot so windows have to be opened which lets the noise in of a jumbo passing over every 2 min. Three channels on the TV. Whole room on a slant. Key cards worked in day but not in the morning. Pool Table over priced. Photos on website do not reflect reality. Steady stream of people interested in a room for only two hours... Out of date website (2005). No wifi. Nice location, close to resteraunts, shops, supermarket ect.	
Apr 8 2009 	Far too noisy at all hours of the morning and night	hooligans running around at all hours and cleaners bursting in	
Apr 6 2009 	Business Trip	I almost kicked myself when I read about nasty reviews about the Queens hotel the day I was due to check-in. I had a business meeting around the neighborhood and my company sent me to this budget hotel. The secretary probably chose the most convenient for her budget and I didn't have the chance to look around myself. Don't ask me why I was not accommodated at the Dorchester. I was asking myself that as well ; ). Since my visit was not long anyway, I mentally prepared myself for the condition I was given to expect from this hotel. The hotel itself is a cross between no frills Travelodge and the pretentious medium sized hotels you often see in Central London. My room (Single) on the first night was a bit small for me being a huge guy I am so I asked them if I could get a bigger room instead. The staff gladly complied offering me an upgraded room with an upgrade charge which is reasonable considering the cheap price my company paid for this booking. The rooms I was into were clean. Apparently, they have just renovated the place recently. The breakfast is free and I was allowed to connect my laptop in the lounge. It is a decent and well run hotel by the looks of it and I happen to chance to see a wedding celebrations on Sunday on my way out. I am pleased with the staff and the standard although I can see that some things need to be improved still and I do not hesitate to recommend this hotel my friends. I'm planning to come back in July with family and friends and will be bringing my car as this hotel has parking lot also	
Jan 14 2009	Not so bad	We have been in London in November 2007 and we booked this hotel (about 20 persons). We stayed 3 nights and the most of the day we have been out in to the city. So we have been back to the hotel in the evenings. I've read the reviews before and I thought it will be a nightmare. Well it was not so bad. The room was ok and the staff very friendly. The breakfast (included) was ok. I recommend this hotel for those who are just looking for a cheap stay and not for those who are looking for luxury.	
Jan 9 2009 	Horrible	We arrived to check in at 14h30 to be told that check in was only at 15h00. Our booking said 14h00. We came back later to find that the two rooms that we had booked were on different floors. We were 3 adults and 2 children. We also booked a quad room and a double room. The rooms they gave us were each with a single bed and a double bed. One of our children would have to sleep in another room. Was told that there were no other rooms available. When we first got to our room, exhausted, we walked in on a couple who were already in bed. They had double booked us in the same room. Finally we got rooms next to one another and found that there were no duvet covers on the beds and stains on all the linen. The wind was howling through the windows and we couldn't get warm. When we complained the next morning we were told that maintenance would be in to look at the windows. We also requested covers on our duvets and clean sheets and more blankets, none of which we got. They did not repair the window and did not have enough blankets to cover all their rooms. Everyone in the hotel was complaining.Never again!!!! It was cheap but also nasty.....	
Jan 5 2009 	Ruined Out New Years Eve Celebrations	We booked this hotel as we were going to London for New Years Eve and this hotel was cheap and relatively close to the centre of London. After booking through lastminute.com I double checked our reservation the day before and this was confirmed. Much to our disappointment on arrival at the 'cheap' hotel we were told that reservation had been double booked and then told that our alternative hotel was in Croydon......... this ruined our entire New Year as we could not arrange alternative transport routes to reach the centre on London. Once reaching our alternative 'Premier Inn' in Croydon we found that 40+ other people were also 'double booked'. I WOULDN'T EVER BOOK AT THIS HOTEL TO PLAN A NIGHT OUT!!	
Oct 24 2008	Don't do it!!!	Yes - cheap it is. I should have listened to my instincts that were telling me &quot;beware of the hotel that tries to charge yr Visa card for the entire stay before you've seen the room&quot;. Non-smoking room stank of smoke after we shut the open window. Dark mold all over the bathroom and shower hardly supplied water. You will not enjoy showering here. Girl-friend decided she preferred to stay unwashed! Toilet flush handle hanging off the wall. Sink taps needed a Schwarzenegger to operate. Bed cover underside covered in urine stains. After complaints we were given &quot;one of the good rooms&quot; after the first night. Fist size hole in the toilet door, newer furniture and less mold. English breakfast was 5quid extra per person unless yr booking included it! And it definitely wasn't worth half of that. At the table next to us a couple started taking their food off their plates &amp; continued eating off their paper napkins on the table!When booking on the web I found that this seemed to be the only place in the area though. On arrival we saw a nice private alternative right next door, called Tower Hotel, Crystal Palace. Google for the phone number! I inspected the rooms which looked fine - a bit dearer &amp; no breakfast. 5 mins to a Cafe you'll get an excellent fry-up for 3.90.	
Oct 7 2008 	Disappointing!	If I had not read other reviews the night before we arrived I would have run screaming! I booked through a reputable Aussie website who claim it was 3 star, most definitely was not! This hotel is extremely run down, it is a maze of corridors and is easy to loose your way. I question it's safety in the event of a fire.Our room was clean and the bathroom was fairly new, and clean, hence the second star.Brekkie included which was good.They did not have a travel cot as requested and kept promising but it did not arrive during our 3 night stay.Claims to be all non-smoking but one very run down quad room they offered (as an alternate to the cot) was very smoky.Carpet is revolting.Swipe cards to rooms need to be 'charged' every 12 hours but ours continually did not work, regardless of charging.Staff: some helpful, some not...It is not good value for money, and I don't think we should be saying &quot;just because it is in London you can expect low standards for high prices&quot;, I don't think all London properties are that bad value for money!	
Sep 2 2008 	Not that bad	Having read the reviews before our visit was rather worried as to what we might find. Need not have worried at all. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful, the room and bathroom were clean although abit tired looking. The room was far too hot though but a fan had been providedBreakfast wasnt up to much but the tea/coffee/juice was Ok and the staff brought us lovely hot fresh toast very quickly.The general public areas could have been cleaner but then it was 11 o'clock at night and we left very early the next morning before the cleaners arrived.All in all - for the price of £32 for 2 for B&amp;B it was an absolute bargain and not worthy of all the negative views	
Aug 28 2008 	dont stay here!	would not stay at this hotel again / duvet cover had only what i can describe as bodily fluids on ,shower was so hot it would have taken skin off , and breakfast was bread cheese and ham staff very unfriendly crystal palace was a lovely place and crystal palace park near national sports centre was a real joy ,try the local weatherspoons for great food and staff, great restaurants here to ,would go back to crystal palace, but would not stay at the queens hotel again .should be classed as hostel ,and i wish i had found this site before i booked	
Aug 23 2008 	Believe the bad reviews!!	When I arrived at reception they had no record of my booking. The receptionist asked me to go through a pile of reservation print-outs to see if I could find my name on one of them - this meant that I was able to see the names of loads of other people who had made bookings - I'm sure this is illegal, and at the very least, inappropriate! In the end I had to log on to my emails to show them my booking confirmation. A very unusual check-in experience, to say the least.The outside of the hotel looks okay, and the reception area does too...but the lift, hallways etc do not. I used the stairs, even though my room was on the 4th floor.The room was stuffy and hot, with no way of turning off the heating - on full-blast in August!! I had to have the window open fully and fan on full-blast in order to feel vaguely comfortable.The TV reception was very poor. There is a distinct lack of electrical sockets, which was very annoying. The loo paper was the cheapest of the cheap and I had to go to Sainsbury's down the road to buy my own. Towels and bed linen were very worn, but clean.Breakfast was a joke! I was there for 3 days and didn't bother after the first day. There is no restaurant (ie for lunch and dinner), but fortunately there are some nice restaurants and cafes near by.I wish I had read the reviews before I booked this hotel. Reading them now I am amazed that this hotel hasn't been shut down. I am glad I didn't know that the hotel is used as a homeless shelter at the time! Really wish I had gone for a Holiday Inn or some other chain...Please learn from all the people here who have made the mistake of not reading the reviews first!!	
Aug 17 2008	Leaking Waste Pipe	On the night we stayed, there was no electricity, the toilet was faulty and there was a disgusting smell. We realised in the morning that the waste pipe outside our room had corroded and was leaking heavily. Shower and bath were also rusty. We paid for a 2 night stay. Moved out after 1 night. The hotel promised that the refund for the 2nd night would appear on our credit card statement but it didnt. Hotel now say that its too late to process a refund. We are now in contact with Trading Standards.	
Aug 13 2008 	Not a bad experience.	I was there for 6 nights in November 2006 for a long awaited shopping week from Spain. I booked my room via internet about two months before by £29 per night. When I arrived saw that big sign on carpark announcing £40 single room so my internet booking worked, paid in full at check in, as the cheap internet booking requires, to avoid you going somewhere else after 1st night. Had a problem with room, cards did not open door and hot water tap did not work either so they gave me another room with clean floor, blankets, courtains and even the kettle but windows not that much which was not my priority for six winter nights. Building common areas seemed a bit down, corridors, walls and elevator but being my room OK that was not a problem. Breakfast on 3rd floor quite basic continental and just one person attending -we were only 3 or 4 tables having breakfast those days- so sneaking some ham and bread for my journeys uptown was easy, the view over there is fantastic, is the tallest floor in miles over that Crystal Palace area so you can enjoy the rain better than anywhere else in London. I met a couple of times in the corridors and Reception the Manager and assistant and they were very kind asking me if everything was OK and confortable which is not usual, or maybe I was the only guest in the hotel at those specific moments, who knows.Train station is 15 minute walk and you get to Victoria station in 25 minutes but return by bus takes a looong and boring hour and a half from Picaddilly/Oxford area to the hotel's closest Bus Stop and then about 10 minute walk to the place on a lonely and -beware girls- extremely dark area from 6pm in a not lively area (for continentals, Church Road is that thing, a road, not a street), you can find a couple of supermarkets and places for food on the way to the hotel and even a cibercafe for an email urgency is there but not much people walking as life around is made by car more than by foot.I would come back to this place for the reasonable price for a bed to sleep in the always expensive London but I find we are a bit far from city centre here, at the end of the day not always you want to go back to Victoria station just to get the short 25 minute trip back to hotel so the bus option becomes the most used one and the hour and a half return when you are tired is the worst thing I have to say about this place and connections to what you want to enjoy from central London.	
Aug 13 2008	Dont bother staying here	I booked the hotel because of its' location to Crystal Palace for an athlectics meeting. It was close enough for us to walk to. The standard of the hotel was very poor. The room was in a sad state of decoration, the curtains were grey rather than white, torn and creased. The lampshade had been burnt by the light bulb. The bath leaked when using the shower, covering the floor in water. The sockets and electrical switches were in a neglected state. The breakfast was below basic, the queue for it very long so much so that we didnt eat there. We had booked for two nights but only stayed for one.! Would not recommend it to anyone, I have been in hotels of an equal cost and had a fair better service.	
Aug 8 2008 	OK for the price	We were very frightened by the reviews before going, but it appeared the hotel was not that bad. You get what you paid for! The room was quite clean (at least bed and bathroom, we didnt check on the curtains and floor too much ;-) though a little old, towels were changed everyday and the bed was made everyday as well. The windows didnt open and close very well. Breakfast was very basical but ok.The staff were most of the time not very quick or efficient, but still nice and trying their best ;-) There was someone at reception 24/7 and security staff at night. The neighborhood seemed safe. If youre there as a tourist visiting London, you should get a day Travelcard, which allows you to take a bus from the hotel to the train station (5 mn), then a train to Victoria Station in London (25 mn). You can use your travelcard on all buses, trains and underground in London.	
Jul 28 2008	Wow!	Wow, it may be cheap but I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.When we got into the room the duvet was covered in the last occupant(s) bodily fluids. When I asked for a clean duvet cover they had none – not a single spare duvet cover! They could not solve the problem. We also had to cobble together a TV aerial in order to get reception – the front desk could not solve that problem either. The full English breakfast features yellow button mushrooms and cold beans! One of us was given an extra item – the food wrapper, cooked. Don’t go in the last half of the sitting as they run out of bacon but their again housekeeping will knock constantly on your door from early in the morning to harass you out of your room!	
Jul 27 2008 	Shabby but Acceptable	There are pictures of Queen Victoria around the hotel, presumably to commemorate the last time it was refurbished. However, it's not as bad as some reviews suggest. (What do people expect for under £50 for a double room in London?)The reception staff were slow and could take lessons from the cleaners in politeness and customer service. Although the outside of the hotel is shabby, my room decoration was dowdy but okay. It was a large room with a nice big comfortable double bed. TV reception is surpringly poor given that, in effect, the two biggest TV masts in the country are at either end of the street.The biggest problem with the room was the aluminium sliding windows - they were stuck and didn't slide! The fact that they were stuck open was fine by me, as it was a stifingly hot day and there's no air conditioning, but I would have been less happy if it had been raining hard.The hotel is about 10 minutes' walk from the nearest shop, and a further ten minutes from the main local attraction, Crystal Palace Park and the track and field stadium. The price includes a meagre contnental breakfast, but cooked breakfast is available for a small additional charge,	
Jul 21 2008 	Hideous	we stayed in this hotel at the weekend and i have to say it was absolutely hideous. sadly the hotel was dirty, the room was stuffy, the springs in the bed were broken and the staff were far from friendly. unfortunately the only good thing about the queens hotel was leaving it this morning :(	
Jul 19 2008 	Great hotel for the price.	We stayed at the queens hotel for a week, the hotel was perfect for our stay. Bedroom was clean and staff very helpful. Crystal Palace has an excellent train service into london and great service on the bus both day and night. I will stay at this hotel again and would recommend it, especially on a budget.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good hotel for this price	We read a lot of reviews and were a bit worried. But when we arrived and saw the room it was okay. The bedlinen was clean, the towels were clean. The watercooker was working and there was coffee and tea. The staff was friendly. We had an english breakfast with the reservation. When we entered the breakfastroom there was only flakes and toast. Then we said to the staff that we oredered an english breakfast. Within 15 minutes they made us an english breakfast ( eggs, beans, bacon, suacices, fish, mushrooms and toast ) and served it at the table. The waiter at the bar was very friendly, the beer was nice cold!!!! From the hotel to Crystal Palace was a short walk, from there on it took us about 20 minutes to Victoria Station. We surely can recommend this hotel!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Won't go there again!	Probably the worst hotel in the U.K We booked this hotel in November for our stay in June, that's 7 months! When we got there (after many hours, we sailed from Cherbourg in France) in the evening, we had to wait because &quot;the rooms are being checked at this time&quot;. We waited for half an hour and then asked them to please give us the room we booked 7 months ago because we were very tired. We soon found out that the staff there barely speaks English!They gave us a key to a room and when we got there the doors wouldn't open, we went downstairs two times to tell them and then they found you they forgot to put 1 in front of the room number, so we had been trying to go into the wrong room for a while. We finally opened the door on the correct room and let me tell you it was the worst I have ever seen! Here's what was wrong with it : 1. Two bunk beds! We booked a standard triple room seven month ago and they give us a room with two double bunk beds!2.There were candy wraps on the floor and a lot of big stains. 3. The oven was set on max and couldn't be turned off. 4. In the bathroom the trash was full with tampons and gross stuff like that!5. No T.V 6. One of the two lamps there didn't work7. It was really really small8. No chairs to sit on9. The desk was falling apart and didn't have all the handles.10. What we saw out of the window was a dump!11. You could see rusty pipes out of the wall.12. You had to flush the toilet about 5 times each time you used it.It takes one hour to go to Oxford Circus with a bus and about half an hour to go to the first underground station in Brixton with a bus. So you will have to spend a lot of money and time to get downtown. Because it's &quot;cheap&quot; to stay there ( I would think it's fair to pay like 5-10 pounds for each night there, I have seen hostels that were better). Many of the guests have a party and you can't sleep.The next morning we talked to the boss and he gave us another room, that one also had problems but not as big as the first one. Had a twin bed and a double bunk.We stayed there from 24th of June - 1st of JulyI'm telling you someone should sue them! Don't make the mistakes I did and stay there, please!	
Jun 28 2008	FEAR FOR YOUR SAFETY	This hotel should be closed down immediately. It is unsafe due to its disgusting condition and the activity that is evident there.	
Jun 15 2008 	Dirty Horrible place...	Ok, fair enough the hotel was only £40 a night but most of the issues with the hotel there is no excuse for! Checking in - the staff took about 15 minutes to check us in, which was annoying after a 5 hour drive.The room etc - the corridoors to the room had the strangest smell, it was very musty and made me wanna hurl... our room was still being cleaned when we turned up and our friends room had someone elses luggage in! the cleaner was polish and didnt speak/understand much english. the carpets looked like they hadnt been hoovered for a long time as they were full of dust and other peoples hairs. The bathroom was the best feature as they have all been recently fitted.Another one of our friends asked to change room as it wasnt safe - the outside window was smashed and the inside one had no lock, there was also a ladder up against the window! they were given a key to a new room and this also had soeone elses stuff in it! our room had no window and the air con only blew hot air , we asked reception to help us twice, eventually another foreigner walked in, looked up at the air con said &quot;broke&quot; and walked out! so our room was like a prison cell oven!The bedding had holes in and i found 2 different types of hair in the bedding - nice!Breakfast - The whole set up was stupid, we had to que up for a choice of cereal, toast and craft cheese slices! Instead of having a toast machine you had ot ask a guy for toast he then had to walk into the kitchen to get it for you each time someone asked! this made it take ages to get anything. There was no cereal bows or cups left and rather than them keeping it all topped up with juice, bowls etc they waited til you asked them, then took ages to get anything! The toast was like warm floppy bread and the milk was warm.I wouldnt reccomend this place to anyone, i would rather pay an extra £20 and stay in a nice clan Premier Travel Inn.	
May 12 2008 	Ok for the price	I, too, booked the hotel before I read any reviews for it, so when I did one day before our departure I was a bit nervous about what the hotel would look like.The location (you can go by bus or by train directly to London Victoria Station, Travelcard valid for one Day costs 5.90GBP) is quite good it only takes 30minutes to the city. From the outside the hotel looks nice too, you can sit outside for a drink, parking is free, and the main street in front of the hotel isn't very busy.Pro: Price. It's definitely hard to find hotels near London City that are cheaper. Bathroom was clean and modern. So was the bed.Contra: Condition of Room/HallIt was really musty in the hall and the room. The cleaning staff seemed to have become a bit overexcited with the cleanser. It was hot and stuffy in the whole hotel, I don't even know if air condition existed there. Our bed sheets haven't been changed after one night, although the sheets were dirty.StaffIt seemed like the employee at the reception wasn't really able to speak english himself, so it was a bit hard to understand him. When we wanted to get into our room the second day our door card was inactive. No one apologized for the inconvenience. BreakfastI think to call it breakfast would be a bit over the top. There were some slices of toast, marmalade, cheese and cereals that's it. juice and coffee were available too.Altogether the hotel was ok for the price we paid, but I wouldn't check in a second time.	
Apr 19 2008 	Absolutely Dreadful! Worst Ever!	we had two bookings for our family and friends from france and germany who were visiting us for the occasion of my daughters christening. this hotel experience completely ruined the event and caused us misery and extreme distress. in total we booked four rooms: one room for five nights between 10-15 april and three rooms for one night on 12th april. as a result of this hotel everyone had an awful time and noone wishes to return to the uk to visit us again.the first room was dirty and cramped. it was booked as a double room but had an extra bed crammed into the room leaving no space to move. it was unbearably hot with the radiator on full day and night which could not be adjusted. the staff told them that it was good for them to keep warm. the tv in the room did not work and silver fish insects running around on the bathroom floor which was disgusting. my friends were awoken several times a night by fire alarms and other guests who were making threatenning phonecalls in the middle of the night threatenning to beat people up.my family (six adults and one child) arrived at the hotel 10pm to be met with the night staff who casually informed us that they had no rooms for them despite us having made a booking two weeks before and us having the paperwork in our hands to prove it. initially the staff were not honest about the error and gave some story about having to check the security of their rooms before returning after 45 minutes to finally admit that they had no booking for them. for one and a half hours the night staff left them standing at reception telling them that they could not stay there because they had a booking system error and there was nothing that they could do. in the meantime they were not offering somewhere for them to even sit down or a free drink, in fact no customer service gesture whatsoever and for most of the time were rude, finding the situation funny and were washing their hands of the situation telling us that there was nothing that they could do. we asked for the names of the night staff who seemed to be less than fluent in the english language but they refused to give their names. during our time waiting at reception we saw numerous other guests also complaining about their rooms being substandard and unacceptable. one of these guests ended up being left to sleep on the sofa of the reception area as their room wasn&quot;t big enough. finally when they did manage to find our rooms they were without towels and the baths were dirty. an awful experience in every respect.	
Feb 26 2008 	The worst hotel I have stayed in.	I'm not one to moan normally I just take it with a pince of salt but I've stayed in some bad places throughout the world but the Queens Hotel at Crstal Palace is most definately the worst, it so bad I've felt the need to write a review. Given London is a vastly overpriced [--] the 'bargain' of £36 for a double room seemed quite reasonable. The reception part looks fine the rooms not so. On arrival we checked it to find a filthy room that had stains on the floor, goodness knows what these stains were. There was a kettle so we were going to make a brew after a long trip down only to find the kettle was full of limescale and there was lipstick on the cups. This put us off our morning meal. The room was in need of a major refurbishment as the wallpaper which was left was falling of the walls, the TV didn't work and the light fittings above our heads were dangling off. The bed linen had holes in and there were a few springs missing from our mattress. The radiator couldn't be turned off and remained on full all night. The bathroom is just a joke, the taps needed turning in a vice to be turned off (you'd would have to avoid the grime that was under them first). The shower was hot though the holder was broken and also leaked through the shower curtain flooding the bathroom. Tiles were also broken. I asked for the manager at midnight though apparantly there was no manager on duty. I couldn't be arsed going any further. Generally the whole place is a shambles. We made the mistake of going cheap and not checking websites like this one before hand. Pay that little bit extra if your going to London avoid this place like the plague.	
Feb 24 2008 	Nasty Business	checked in and checked out...people smoking ganja in the corridors...room was filthy.It was two years ago before I discovered Trip Advisor.Who owns hotels like this...can they be profitable?	
Jan 29 2008 	whats the problem ?	I booked this hotel before reading any reviews as it was cheap and close to where we needed to get to, after reading reviews i admit i was a little concerned, but as we were staying for one night and using it as a base mainly we decided to make the best of it. I needn't have worried, the entrance and bar area was very clean well decorated, furnished and was bright and airy, the double room we had was big enough for our purpose, clean , tidy and with no sign of dusty cobwebs as mentioned in other reviews. The bedding was clean, there was nothing broken and we slept soundly in our beds ( no lumpy matress or potruding springs !!.We only stayed one night so for us it was ideal, a great location, we didn't have much contact with any staff so cannot really comment about that, but i would definitly recommend this hotel for 20 - 50 year olds on overnight or weekends.Overall a well priced hotel in a good location with good access to central london.If your'e looking for luxury, pay more for another hotel, so you don't have to write a bad review for what is basically a cheap adequate, pleasent hotel which really doesn't deserve the negative reviews it has been given.	
Jan 4 2008	Tuck your pants into your socks!	All I can say is when you book a room at this hotel tuck your pants into socks!	
Jan 1 2008	disgusting hovel	we turned up at 11.30 am and collected our key all ok . we went out for the day and evening and returned at 2am we opened our room door suposely a double it had 2 single beds which were chidrens beds. the room was dirty the bed linen was horible I then looked in the bathroom which was the most disgusting thing of all. We would rather have slept in a bus shelter than stay in this horrible place. we picked up our bag left the key at reception and drove home. be warned the name does not resemble the place.	
Sep 29 2007 	Without a doubt the most disgusting place I have ever stayed	I cannot imagine how this place gets a &quot;2 star&quot; rating, much less is allowed to be described as a &quot;hotel&quot;. To call it a doss-house would be to pay it a compliment. I can only restate the reviews of others (which I wish I had read before booking) - the decor was dilapidated, the furniture shabby, bed broken, the carpet, curtains and bed covers filthy, the bathroom grotty, mildew and chipped enamel - shower broken but no shower curtain anyway. TV working but aerial broken, no phone, no hairdryer, no clothes hangers, no tea making facilities - even the most basic Travel Inn does way better than this. I didn't risk eating there and couldn't wait to get out.	
Sep 25 2007 	Filthy and Disgusting	Without doubt the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms were filthy, and the shower was covered in mould. The toilet seat was hanging off and the toilet fxings were coated in faeces. A picture fell off of the wall on to my foot. The bedsprings were protruding through the mattress. This place should be condemmned as a health hazard	
Sep 18 2007 	Never judge a hotel by it's name	We almost cried when we opened the door to our room..It was definitely a mistake and the 'no refund' sign over the front desk told us that we would have to endure..This was not going to be the hotel where we might have tea and scones with 'Betty'...Her stable boy would not stay here...The positives are that it is in a good location to commute to parts of the city one might want to visit..and it was dirt cheap...except the dirt part was every where...the curtains, well.. it was hard to tell what colour they once were...the bathroom looked like a bomb had hit it and it got reconstructed...I had to pour water into the toilet to create enough flushing power...the taps dripped and kept my wife awake...the dirt webs behind the hot water heaters were ready to be spun into rope....the sheets were clean but one wondered what stories the blankets might tell, if they could...the patrons from the affairs in the banquet room at night would overflow into the parking lot and punch ups and verbal vocabulary lessons went on most of the night...when we complained, the desk clerk laughed as if this was par for the course...the first night the restaurant was closed because the chef didn't show up....the english breakfasts were served if the chef arrived for work and when we asked to be credited for the pre paid breakfasts that we didn't get, we were bounced around from one person to another and eventually every one of the clerks started to look like the other, and we gave up. My wife worried if the kitchen was of the same demeanor as our room, which prompted us to eat only anything that came in a sealed package...I can see, if I were 21, travelling through Europe as Cinderfella, this hotel might be ok but us old goats deserve better and we should have known better..you don't book a hotel because of it's name....you get what you pay for and this hotel is no exception...	
Sep 17 2007 	Hideous	A truly awful experience, I felt embarrassed to be English for the tourists to think this was the normal standard of UK hotels. The receptionist didn't understand a word we said, couldn't find our booking and then when we did we were given card keys which didn't work to then let us into the most hideous room. Our room had wallpaper peeling off the walls, the bathroom radiator was on full blast and couldnt' be turned off, no hot water ... the list is endless.Truly awful.	
Aug 31 2007	The Worst Ever - Cannot be classed as a hotel!	The Worst Ever - Cannot be classed as a hotel! Very rude reception staff who found it an effort to lift their head to speak to you, unhelpful and will palm you off with any excuse, or will say they will deal with it and do not! Was shocked on our arrival at the strange people hanging around the hotel reception and entrance area, works out that they cater for the homeless for a local authority! No disrespect to the homeless but paying customers should be aware of this. We booked a family room for 2 adults and our 2 children, there were four beds lined up in a row, no room between them, had to crawl across them or cling in from the end of the bed. There were two bedside cabinets on the other side of the room. No housekeeping, make your own beds ect, unless you hand the key into reception, but nobody tells you this, clean sheets and towels in dirty and run down room and beds, with badly stained carpets, a TV with 3 channels, wrong remote, no ariel, no telephone, no hairdryer, heavy curtains that were at least a foot too short for the window, stained net curtains, old second-hand type un matching furniture, it goes on and on, the bathroom was something else - dirty, sellotaped up toilet cistern, broken toilet seat, black areas of dirty silicone, large chipped areas in bath, it was unbelievable and did not have a door. All floors sloped. Free Breakfast! You could not charge for it! Bread, toast, hamburger processed cheese in plastic wrappers, cheap ham, jam, cereals, milk, juice, tea and coffee. On arrival to breakfast you would be greeted ' help yourself; if you want a cooked breakfast, you have to pay'. One woman I overheard said, 'oh all the breakfast has gone', that’s how sparse the serving tables were. Oh and the lifts, beware, very old and very scary! I wonder about health and safety standards! But the worst thing was the staff, so rude and the only thing they were efficient at was processing your card for payment. We had booked for three nights, but only managed 2! As there had been no service, a load of false promises I really could not tolerate any more and demanded a refund for the third night, which I am glad to say I got. I felt ashamed and wanted no association with such a dwelling. I pity those overseas tourists having such an experience in our capital city. Very embarrassing.	
Jul 4 2007	Better Off Sleeping at the Train Station	This was the worst hotel I've stayed at in my life. The minute we walked in the door and up to reception, the manager tried to book us in another one of their hotels down the street, for &quot;health and safety&quot; reasons. When I pressed him about this, he said that he could let us stay there . . . that's when I should have turned and run. When we got to our room, we found no shower curtain in the bathroom, mold and mildew the walls, a lampshade with a hole in it, an uncomfortable bed, TV with no reception, and the dank odor of cigarette smoke pervading everything. We put down our luggage, and I immediately turned around, walked out the door, and went back down to reception to try to cancel our booking. That's when it became a nightmare . . . the hotel had no internet access for guests, and NO PHONE AVAILABLE . . . not even a payphone. My husband and I had to walk half a mile down the road to the nearest payphone and call our travel agent in California to fax our cancellation to them, because they wouldn't take our cancellation from us. We arrived at 4 in the afternoon, and it took us until 9 am THE NEXT DAY to get the cancellation to go through. We spent several hours at the internet cafe across the street finding last-minute accommodations . . . and the cafe owner told us that he got most of his business from dissatisfied Queens Hotel guests.THEN he told us that the owner rents out some of the rooms as a homeless shelter . . . LOVELY!When the cancellation finally came through (my stateside travel agent began working on it immediately, but it took almost 12 hours for the Queens Hotel to get the message for some reason) and we triumphantly were marching out of the front area, the last thing I heard was a little, old lady talking to someone about her experience the night before. She said that she slept with all the lights on and didn't change into her pajamas, she was so scared.Breakfast was a joke. There was cereal, some tea, some milk, and Kraft American cheese slices. There were tea bags and milk in our room for morning tea, but NO TEA KETTLE.Oh, and by the way . . . it took us at least half an hour by BUS, TRAIN, and then TUBE to get to central London. We live in California, and we equated the situtation to staying in, oh, I don't know . . . FRESNO in order to see San Francisco. Do not, I repeat, DO NOT stay here. Spend the extra $500 or so and stay somewhere closer to central London.	
Jun 5 2007 	Not nearly as bad as some say....You get what you pay for	Well My girlfirend and i were coming back from a trip to holland while we were on our europe vacation and we needed a place to lay our head for the night. We searched for a cheap hotel in the london area and were not fussy about where we stayed as we did not have a clue of on place to the other. So we fond the queens hotel at 40pounds a night so we booked it as it was the cheapest place we could find. We then read the reviews which made us a little worried but we went anyways. It turns out the hotel was really not that bad the entrance and lobby area including the bar area were very clean and up to date. The elevator and the rooms need some work including the bed. It was probable the worst thing about the place but you do get what you pay for and i the london area 40 pounds for a night is a good deal and i would recomend this hotel to anyone travelling on a budget that has an open mind to things and by the way the town of queens palace is a very nice little towm with great food and some good shoping. Also the train station is only a 5 pound cab away.	
May 13 2007 	Very nice evening	We were invited for a 70th birthday and were very impressed with the standart of service delivered by the restaurant team on this particular occasion.The hotel needs refurbishment but the evening was particulary pleasant and we can't wait to come back once they will open the restaurant.	
May 11 2007 	Hotel from Hell!	I simply don't know where to start. My husband and I went to the UK for his 40th Birthday earlier this year. The hotel looked quite nice on the website - not too expensive - we wanted to see a couple of shows in the West End so we just needed somewhere nice but not expensive to stay. Whow! I knew as soon as I met the receptionist that things weren't looking good. The lift area and common areas were filty dirty and smelly. The first room they showed us to left us speechless. Our double room had a big black iron bunk bed in it even though there was only the two of us. The bathroom was old and musty and just horrible. We went straight back to the reception and asked to see the Manager but the receptionist quickly gave us another room. It was only slightly better. Breakfast was a complete farce. The tables weren't set for breakfast. At the serving table nothing had been replemised, customers had to keep asking for cereals to be filled up, forks, spoons, cups. The tables which had been used earlier had not been cleaned. The staff couldn't care less. They just looked at you when you made a complaint. This special occasion was spoiled because of this hotel. I wouldn't put a dog in it. A	
May 1 2007 	Its ok for the price	The hotel was okay, it was what we expected for the price. The bed in our room was terrible, we had to position ourselves around the springs. The cleaners forgot our towels and we were left to use the mats!	
Mar 23 2007 	This hotel was a nightmare!	We booked three rooms on line for a three night stay in London. The photos on the website looked okay and the rate was quite reasonable. That should have been the first clue of what we were in store for upon arrival. We arrived later than expected due to a flight delay so we had no choice but to stay the initial night of our booking. The hotel rooms we were given were not clean, had an odor between stale cigarette smoke and mildew. One of the rooms had a bathroom vanity in which the counter top was half peeled off! You could hear everything in the room from someone coughing in the adjoining room as well as other customers yelling and slamming doors in the hallway. This was the first time in my life I did not feel safe in a hotel room and was concerned for the safety of my teenage daughter in the next room. Morning could not come quick enough so that we could leave. I was upset that we were not refunded any of the money for the additional nights but the conditions were despicable and our party of six just wanted to leave and never return. There were also holes in the wall, the toilet seat was coming off in our room and there was also some communication issues with the hotel staff. Whether these were sincere or not is questionable. I will never stay in this hotel again and will stick with known chain hotels. We left in the morning and gladly paid a higher price to move to a Hilton.	
Mar 9 2007 	Rude staff	I have got to say I have never met such rude staff! They were ignorant and very arrogant, it was as if they couldnt really be bothered to speak to you. They manager was the worst.The rooms were what you would expect from a cheap hotel - very worn and smelly. The whole place smelt like an ashtray. The breakfast was bread and ham (they would toast it for you on request- begrudgingly!)The worst part was the staff.I wouldnt recommend tis place to anyone.	
Jan 8 2007 	Awful place!	I stayed here with my son last weekend because of its location near to Crystal Palace stadium where I took my son to see a basketball game as part of a birthday treat. There was absolutely no treat in staying at the Queens Hotel. Our room was disgusting. We opened the door to be greeted with the heavy stench of damp and mildew. The floor by my bed was sodden wet with god knows what! The bathroom was shabby with cracked tiles and mold around the bath, the bed had a sheet, a old looking brown blanket and not much else and the walls were paper thin; we could hear the tv next door as well as the frequent comings and goings of the occupants accross the hall.I would advise anyone thinking of staying in south London to stay somewhere else. i have been 'roughing it' many times and slept in some dives but this hotel takes the biscuit!	
Aug 16 2006 	King sized mistake	Stayed August 2006. My wife was on a course for 4 days and her work organised the hotel. I decided to accompany her and we spent 4 weeks trying to get the booking upgraded to a double room. Should have realised what we were in for then - the hotel reception staff all struggled to understand the simple concept of upgrading, they steadfastly refused to take responsibility for the booking, referred us to the internet booking agent. Eventually got confirmation by email that the credit card details had been taken for the upgrade and that we only had to arrive with a proof of identity.When we arrived the outside made a reasonable impression, reception is a bit tired, but still looked passable. At reception there was no apparent record of the ugrade. We're not even convinced they had the original booking. The computer system seemed to be a black magic box that confused and dismayed the staff. We were told I would need to pay for the upgrade. They asked for the equvalent of a single room for 4 nights, regardless we had already had paid for a single for 4 nights and merely wanted an upgrade.Staff put on a brave face but were fairly useless in understanding our concerns and even less interested. Eventually the manager tried to explain that the rates on the internet and the advertising board outside were 'special rates' and that this was the fee. He refused to believe that we had any confirmation about the double room and asked us to prove it before considering the payment situation any further.This all took place during the heightened security alert which saw flights and transport affected throughout the country. With the room already paid for my wife it seemed the only thing to do was take the room rather than try and find another in this manic period. The room was on the third floor. The lift entrance, just off reception, told it's own story. It creaked, groaned, had a grotty carpet and surrounding walls. At the third floor the wallpaper was peeling off the walls, the carpet was sticky, threadbare and looked pre-war. The walls had holes in them, the general decor and upkeep was dreadful. The room had a no-smoking notice, but on entering the smell of stale tobacco was overpowering. the room was very small, but you expect that from London hotels. What you don't expect is a bathroom that came out the arc, a single glazed window that did little to keep out noise and wind, a bedroom carpet that was around when the last monarch was on the throne, a bed quilt that a desperate refugee from a third world would refuse to wrap her baby in, and a level of decor that looked like the room was being prepared for demolition rather than how they describe themselves in the web sites.The noise in the corridors during the night, slamming doors and raised voices was quite dreadful. People wandering about at 10am in their pyjamas with babies. A shopping trolley was the aid of choice to move linen around the corridor. The trading standards office will be hearing about this. They describe the hotel as follows;Rooms are on average medium to large in size (by whose standards, they are small, pokey) and are nicely decorated (Decor is pitiful, outdated, delapidated. TV (didn't work most of the time), hair-dryer (death trap), trouser press (death trap), direct dial telephone and PC Connect (no such facility).We spent as little time there as possible. We avoided breakfast, just knew if would be a grotty afair and dreaded to think what the kitchens must be like if the rooms were this bad. We felt ripped off, unimportant, dirty and unsafe.They do a neat job of &quot;acting&quot; dumb to get your money, blame the booking agents, blame the internet, blame the computers. There is no concept of customer satisfaction, the underlying aim is to get your money and provide as minimal a service as they can get away with. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL, IT IS DIRTY, UNSAFE, UNHELPFUL and MISREPRESENTS itself.	
Aug 10 2006 	The hotel was not that bad as people say it is....	Dear readers...We stayed here for one week, and we haven´t experienced any problems. We would recommend this hotel to people who only look for a place only to sleep. We left early and came back late in the night, so we never really saw anything bad. The rooms are not really enjoyable, so if you are gonna stay in the rooms with spouse/children for many hours a day, we would recommend you to find another hotel!The management and staff were all nice to us, and they were always smiling and helping us every time we had inquiries.They offered us a great service. Remember to ask for English breakfast, if you want to have it, otherwise you will have to stick to the traditional breakfast, which by the way isn´t that bad!!!Kind regards	
Jul 17 2006	The Worst Hotel EVER!!!!!!	We had gone to check in the hotel at 14.00, but was told to go back at 15.00. We did not get into the room until 17.30. On the outside it looks O.K. Stayed in room 111. Handles missing from the cupboards. Filth behind the radiators. Huge hole in the wardrobe. Faulty electrical switch. Toilet brush in plastic carrier yuk!!. Even worse outside in the corridor the Fire escape was blocked by piles laundry. I argued with the staff, there only response was. &quot;What do expect when you Book On-line&quot;. My only piece of advise is do not go there.	
Jul 11 2006	Hated every minute		
Jun 19 2006	Misconduct through online booking		
Jun 12 2006	It is ok for the price		
Jun 2 2006	Terrible Place		
May 29 2006	Never again		
May 15 2006	Never again		
May 10 2006 	A Disaster		
May 25 2005	Average hotel		
Feb 11 2005	Go there at your peril		
May 29 2003	terrible		
Nov 25 2009 	Viaggio perfetto - attenti ai toast!		
Nov 15 2009 	bello da fuori ma deludente dentro		
Nov 3 2009 	che schifo!!!!		
Oct 13 2009 	Sehr anspruchslose Übernachtungsmöglichkeit		
Sep 23 2009 	Unverschämte Absteige - Finger weg!		
Sep 1 2009 	A éviter		
Aug 26 2009 	Mogelpackung		
Aug 21 2009 	horrible		
Aug 16 2009 	es crazzy		
Jul 25 2009 	Touristenfalle		
Apr 25 2009 	c'est pas top mais ça passe.		
Apr 22 2009 	Aussi beau à l'extérieur que les chambres sont moches		
Apr 14 2009 	Ni bueno ni malo: acogedoramente surrealista		
Apr 12 2009 	Bonne surprise		
Mar 19 2009 	Bien		
Jan 31 2009 	Parfait pour les jeunes...		
Jan 7 2009 	Hotel da incubo.		
Jan 5 2009 	A quel prezzo si trova molto di meglioevitatelo!!		
Dec 14 2008 	Das Queens war Grauen und Ekelhaft		
Dec 4 2008 	pas cher		
Nov 3 2008 	Wanzen im Bett sind nur die Krönung einer Zumutung		
Oct 27 2008 	mermaid		
Sep 25 2008 	Irren ist menschlich ...		
Aug 29 2008	plutot sympa frayeur evitée		
Apr 28 2008 	Peor imposible		
Mar 30 2008 	Urlaub versaut		
Mar 23 2008 	Horroroso con mayúsculas		
Mar 10 2008 	Tres Moyen		
Jan 16 2008	Dreckig und für den Standart überteuert ein Witz!!!!		
Jan 7 2008 	Accettabile		
Dec 9 2007 	mediocre		
Nov 5 2007 	Lamentable y vergonzoso		
Oct 18 2007	Warnung vor diesem Hotel		
Oct 2 2007 	Absoluter Trümmerhaufen		
Jan 8 2007	All inklusive(Schimmelpilz frei Haus)		
Nov 6 2006 	triste week end!		
Nov 6 2006 	En dessous de tout		
Jul 27 2006	Einfach nur Sch...lecht!		
