	Great hotel near everything!	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington during our stay in London last week. What a fabulous hotel! We were given a corner room which was larger than most and the room was clean and comfortable. The nearest tube is Shepherd's Bush which was walking distance from the hotel. The Westfield Mall nearby is a shopper's heaven! They have high end and regular stores and tons of places to eat. My husband and I ate at Byron which serves burgers. The food and service was great. A little pricey but everything in London is pricey! I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone who is traveling to London for the first time. Easy access to tube and buses, taxis everywhere and very safe neighborhood! One negative thing is the inter	
	Small but clean. Not the best location.	Overall, a decent hotel. Rooms on the small side for a family of 3. Clean. Good breakfast. Location is OK, but not the best. About 10 mins walk from the tube and shopping for the basics (as well as an upscale mall).	
	I wish we hadn't bothered	My wife and I stayed at he Hilton Kensington last weekend (27-29th of Nov 09 as a short get away from our busy jobs. We decided to stay ta the Hilton because we had an excellent stay at one of the Hitlon hotels in Glasgow (where we got engaged). Unfortunately we were extremely disappointed with several aspects of our stay. We selected a non-smoking room, however the room (2063) we received and the corridor it was on smelt badly of cigarette smoke. I rang the duty manager who was very pleasant and offered us two solutions - have the room freshened and/or move rooms the next day as the hotel was fully booked. We had booked a 2 night stay with breakfast and one eveening meal. We went down to the restaurant (which was not busy) and we were shown to a table that was not completely set. From our Glasgow experience we were anticipating a buffet style meal with a variety of choices. However we were disappointed to find an extremely limited and unexciting set menu (this needs to be highlighted on the Hilton's website as we would probably have booked without this evening meal included). There was an option to upgrade the meal, however the supplements in question were quite exagerated (for example 13 pound to go up to a grilled chicken dish that is 15.50 approx from the al a carte menu).My wife opted for the vegetarian options from the set menu (she is not a vegeterian). The spinah and ricotta tortolleni was extremely balnd and disappointing and she felt that tesco own brand fresh pasta and sauce would have been more exciting. My wife chose bread and butter pudding with custard for desert. She was again highly disappointed. The bread and butter pudding was very dry and nothing compared to what she made herself the week previous. The custard tasted school dinner like and was certainly powdered based. My starter was a very bland watered down 'fresh' pea soup. My main with an 8pound supplement (21.50 of the a la carte menu) was a West Eleven (restaurant name) fish and chips. The plate arrived with a mountain of chips, 2 small pieces of fish (apparently turbot) and stne cold mushy peas. The chips were nice and so was the tartar suce, but the whole meal was boring. I only chose this as the set menu was lacking in any good choices. My dessert was meant to be white choc cheesecake - however it was not available and I opted for the stoffee and pecan nut cheescake. This was also very boring. To summarise the meal I would say it was a waste of money and the service was certainly not 4*.That night we went to relax in our room as we had planned a busy Saturday. However, when we were about to sleep at about 12.30 we heard a group of girls banging doors and entering the room next to ours (2061) while shreking and screaming. We understand that there will be some noise, however the girls continued to get louder with intermittent screaming, loud laughter, music , the slamming of doors and running up and down the corridor. After this continued for approx 40 mins we felt that we had no choice but to ring reception. They agreed to speak to these rowdy guests. 5 minutes later we heard a member of staff knocking and asking the girls to kindly keep the noise down. They obviously didnt care as the door had just closed before they started again louder than ever. About 40 minutes later another staff member knocked their door (we hadnt made a second call and assume that someone else complained). This staff member (who introduced himself as a manager) again asked them to be quiet. He must have waited outside the room as very soon after he knocked their door and informed them that they would have to leave if he ahad to warn them again. Unfortunately, the grils continued to ruin our supposedly relaxing stay. We ended up not getting to sleep until well after 3am. The following day we were extremely tired and my wife decided to speak to the manager about our disappointing and unrelaxing night. This duty manager (female) was very helpful and understanding but she said she was unfortunately unable to deduct anything from our bill as we had paid in advance, she told her that she would speak to her manager about how they could compensate us for our lost nights sleep. When we returned to our hotel after a long day out we were given keys to our new room (7061) which was the same size as the previous room (relatively small), no mention was made at that time of how we would be compensated for the previous night. The following morning, after a more relaxing night's sleep, we went to breakfast only to be told that we could avail of the Executive lounge, this had obviously been done the previous day by way of compensation but unfortunately this had not been communicated to us, although we did enjoy a relaxing breakfast in the lounge, had we known that we had access the previous evening we could have made more use of this and could have enjoyed complimentry drinks and canapes and would have felt this was adequate compensation for the previous night but unfortunately due to poor communication we feel that we were poorly compensated for our dissapointing night.On our second night we went to a restaurant recommended be the concierge (Edera) - it was good but very overpriced and lacking adequate portions.The hotel was situated well as the original tour bus stop was directly opposite the hotel. The hotelw as close to shepherds bush tube stationa nd the large westfield shopping centre.We have come home from this trip without being relaxed and overall our stay was disappointing and we dont think we could could risk booking a Hilton hotel again as their is clearly no consistency.	
	Good location great service but small noisy rooms	This Hilton does everything right except the guest room doors slam shut and are loud enough to wake you from your sleep. I am returning to London shortly and will not be staying here again until this is repaired.This is a short walk to the Shepards Bush underground station and the new mall.	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent hotel and staff - will stay there again!	I gave this hotel &quot;5&quot;s on everything. We stayed three nights and each one was pleasant. The staff went far and beyond what was expected. The hotel was extremely clean and well kept. Linens and towels were excellent. The rooms were exactly as promised. I know some said it was small but I think it is more accurate to state that space is well utilized. The hotel was accessible by tube and bus. The tube was right around the corner and the bus with all their double decker charm was right outside the hotel. You can take the tube from Victoria to Shepherds Bush or Holland Park via the Victoria Line and the Central Line. Or even more fun is to walk out of the station to Victoria Street and catch Route Bus 148 from Stop: G towards White City. The buses tell you the next stop and you just ring the bell to stop. A great web site for travel through the city is http://www.tfl.gov.uk/modalpages/2605.aspx. You can find times, stops and best routes using the tube and buses on the Journey Planner. If you are in London you are going to walk. Taxis were available. I can’t tell you how much we enjoyed the location, the staff and the rooms.	
Nov 19 2009 	Great value for a nice hotel	I booked this hotel on hilton.com, and got a rate of 89 pounds/night without breakfast. We got a big hotel room with a queen bed, desk, separate sitting area, and a tub/shower. It was really a great deal for such a nice room. As everyone else says, the hotel is in a nice tree lined neighborhood with easy bus and tube access. It was our first time in London, and we had no problem navigating the transportation. We really liked walking for dinner/drinks in Holland Park (Bombay Bicycle Company is great Indian food) and Notting Hill. I would definitely stay there again. My only complaint was that on the second night when we arrived with sore feet from seeing the sites, our keys didn't work. When we arrived back at the front desk to get them reprogrammed, the staff required that we wait in the long line to check in instead of quickly fixing the hotel's error for us.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice hotel smallish rooms but good for what we paid!	We booked this hotel through priceline &quot;name your own price&quot; deal and paid £60 per night per room. The room was nice and recently renovated although it did not have a bath, just a shower, which is always a disappointment when going away for the weekend. The location was good, in Kensington, just a couple of minutes walk from the Westfield shopping centre and Shepherds Bush station. The only criticism I would have was the size of the room although the price we paid and the location made up for this.	
Nov 14 2009 	Comfortable Hotel	We have stayed at the Hilton Kensington on two occasions; once in April 2008 and in Oct 2009. Rooms are bright and cheerful; much improved following the renovation. Room size is not large but adequate. The most irritating point is that the room is full of brochures and the first task is to put everything away in a drawer and re-claim every available surface for my use.Breakfast menu has a wide selection but service at the restaurant can be inconsistent depending on how many staff called in late/sick or if there is a tour group staying in the hotel. Otherwise it can be a enjoyable experience. If you intend to have breakfast in the hotel, always book hotel room and breakfast at the same time for a better deal. Hotel staff are friendly and helpful.Hotel is close to the underground train station at Shepard Bush. If you are staying in London for more than 5 days, consider getting a 7 day underground pass that gives you unlimited use of the transport system within London.I will recommend and stay at this hotel again on my next trip to London.	
Nov 12 2009 	Fabulous hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in order to do some Christmas shopping. Check-in was easy and we were given a choice of room. Rooms were very clean and comfortable and towels were changed daily. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast was fantastic . . . most days we were so full we didnt need anything except coffee until around 5 o'clock! The food in the am/pm restaurant was also very tasty. A small gift shop in the hotel also stocked toiletries and medicinal products. The location of the hotel, although not in central London, was very good as it was 5 minutes walk to Westfield Shopping Centre and restaurants. Shepherd's Bush tube station is beside Westfield and Oxford Street is only 5 or 6 stops away on the Central Line (no changing necessary). Would definitely return to this hotel and would recommend a stay here.	
Nov 7 2009 	Refurbishment completed	I have visited this hotel about ten times I guess. During the last years there has been an ongoing refurbishment, which was completed by our last stay in october. The rooms are not big, but really nice and very clean. We were upgraded to executive rooms and lounge access due to our Diamond status, and enjoyed the complimentary wine and finger food in the evening. The staff in the lounge, the reception, housekeeping and concirgedesk are very nice and friendly. Hilton Kensington is good value in a nice area of London. The Westfield shoppingmall a three minutes walk from the hotel, has everything from Topshop to Dior and Louis Vuitton. No need to go to Oxford strret or New Bond street.	
Oct 29 2009 	The Best Hotel In London	It's the best hotel I saw it in London this is my sixth trip to London I spend 12 Nights at this hotel , nice location ,nice breakfast, nice staff, nice room and modern stile, I arrived at 10 AM and they provide me the room upon arrival after long flight trip, bus number 94 &amp; 148 (24/7) buses just in the front of hotel door 15 minutes to oxford street and 20 mints to pecadelyand mayfer, Westfield mall just 5 minutes walking from the hotel, many coffee shops and nice food near the hotel i liked the aria really, when i checked out they allowed me to sit till 3 PM and they keep my luggage till 8 PM because my flight was at 11 PM, really I recommend this hotel for everybody want to visit London, room size is average for London hotel and it's perfect for 2 persons :).Thanks Hilton Kensington for making my trip so nice.I love Hilton Kensington :)	
Oct 26 2009 	Would stay here again	Very nicely appointed hotel. Room (1006 on the first floor) was v. clean, not super-large but comfortable. Breakfast buffet was good. My only criticism was that the toilet cistern took a long time to refill which meant you had to wait around 15 mins or so before being able to flush again.The hotel is technically just inside the Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, but a more accurate appellation would be the Hilton Shepherd's Bush as it is a stone's throw from Shepherd's Bush tube and so is extremely well situated for the Westfield shopping centre and venues like the Shepherd's Bush Empire (we stayed at the hotel after going to a gig there). Being right next to a Central line tube station means it's well placed for access to central London too. If you're looking for a hotel in this area, I'd recommend staying here.	
Oct 23 2009 	Wonderful location and hotel	We stayed here when in London for a couple of days prior to Easter. I found the stay amazing and so helpful, a great London hotel experience which I would recommend to anyone. Breakfast was well organised, no panicing, great selection of food (fresh food that is) and very attentive staff. We used the bar, restaurant and executive lounge and I found all departments really friendly, efficient and welcoming. Will definitely be staying here again on my next visit to London and as somebody who travels and uses hotels frequently this goes to the top of my list for great service and helpful staff in very relaxing surroundings.	
Oct 17 2009 	Overpriced Overhyped And unwelcoming unless you are a 40 year old businessman!	where do I start? myself and my girlfriend booked up this hotel for a week prior to a concert we were attending at wembley arena.First of all. Car parking. there is a large car park underneath the hotel. But that priviledge will set you back £30 for 24 hours. Meaning it would have cost me £180 to park my car for the amount of time I spent there! I ended up having to park at a lower price car park in the middle of canary wharf (about 40 minutes train ride away) for £50 for the week! But of course then I was spending the entire week worrying about my car! Not to mention the fact I had to drop cases and my girlfriend off, drive slap bang through the middle of london and out the other side to canary wharf, drop the car off and get two trains back to the hotel again!Next up the room. Nothing wrong with that. Quite spectacular actually. I decided to splash out on an executive room as a treat. This plus breakfast and dinner came to £1100. Not mentioned on the website at all however is the fact that the evening meal is from a set menu with VERY limited choice. Maybe something for the non veil and duck lovers amongst us would have been a better bet. Despite paying for a weeks meals, we only actually had our dinner there for the first night because of this. Maybe if it had been on the site I would have just opted for bed and breakfast.Now for the best part. When I stayed here, I was 22 and my girlfriend was 18. So I checked in, and was immediately told of a &quot;deposit&quot; of £50 which I had to pay by debit card or cash before they would give me the room. This despite me being 3rd in a queue of people checking in, but yet being the only person asked to pay this deposit! why is that I wonder?! When asked why I was told it was a policy. Asking why no-one else had been asked to pay this deposit drew a blank response of either pay the deposit or we cannot give you the room. hmm.Even better. on no less than 7 occasions(!) I was asked by security if I was supposed to be in the hotel, and was asked to present my keycard as proof. You can imagine the embarrassment of paying over £1000 for an executive room and everytime you enter the hotel, you are asked to prove that you are allowed in, in front of other guests. Also upon entering the executive lounge...which someone seen me open with my keycard, I was asked at the other side to prove I had an executive room and was allowed in there! I get the feeling unless you pull up in a BMW driven by your butler and aged over 45 you are NOT welcomed by the staff at this hotel!On the 7th night of my stay, I swapped to a bog standard hotel for the concert - the premier inn at wembley. We were treated a LOT better by the staff there, the food was a LOT better and I could park my car for a fiver a night!...directly under the hotel! The best park was, the standard room there was bigger and just as nice as my executive room at the hilton. despite being half the price!The hilton kensington could learn a lot from the premier inn!	
Oct 16 2009	Loved it!	Just back from a long weekend here at the Hilton Kensington. Stunning hotel. Nothing a bother to the staff. Found evryone helpful and cheery. I'm struggling to understand many of the strange reviews on this site. Re; underground stations? Where were you actually staying as it certainly wasn't this.Restaurant:Breakfast; Good service. Good food.Dinner; Exellent! Food was delicious and staff (special mention for Chandrahas!) exceptional. This restaurant should be alot busier as the chef is quite obviously very skilled.Yes, the rooms aren't the biggest I've ever stayed in but, you're in London for goodness sake! Land's at a premium!Thank you Hilton Kensington for such a wonderful stay.....hope to see you soon!	
Oct 12 2009 	Average Hotel	This hotel was conveniently located by Gloucester station; therefore, if you are traveling to and from Heathrow and you are traveling by tube (about 45 minutes), this is a convenient location to stay. The hotel should be considered a 3 star (not 4 star). This is a high traffic hotel where large tour groups stay. As long as you are not on the same floor as them, the rooms should be relatively quiet. The check-in/check-out process was fast and the concierge was very helpful. This hotel is also near Kensington Park, which is beautiful. Since the hotel does not offer free wifi, you can go to nearby internet cafes to access internet. There is also a pharmacy next to Gloucester station if you need to buy bottled water. The restaurant onsite had a good menu. My husband and I had dinner the first night we arrived there and enjoyed it very much (the mussels were great!).	
Oct 8 2009	Far From Underground Station	On a &quot;first class&quot; group tour; thus the big city hotel was not well located. 20 minute walk to the nearest underground station.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good Place to stay	I spent three night at this Hilton. My rooms was not very big but it was clean tidy and had everything that i needed. Our door key kept not working and staff were very quick to sort it out. Didnt use any of the facilites or eat in the hotel. Really close to westfields for shopping!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Clean and comfortable but overpriced	Clean hotel and decent room, but no better than many cheaper hotels that I have stayed in.Breakfast is overpriced, but there are several places nearby (including a Weatherspoons pub)The location is good for the underground. It is 5 minutes walk to Shepherds Bush Underground or slightly further to Holland Park.I paid £80 per night for 4 nights (room only) through Travelocity Secret Hotels. I realise that this is a good deal for the Hilton, but it was still overpriced. I would rather have stayed in a 2* or 3* hotel with breakfast included.	
Sep 27 2009 	Nice Hotel but Poor Service	Hilton London Kensington is nice hotel, nice area, as it is close to westfiled shopping centre, but the service is too bad, I am still in staying at the hotel (Room 6009) as my check out will be on Oct. 02, 2009. This is my first time in Hilton as I am Marriott member since 1988, but I really miss the service at Marriott. at the Hilton Kensington I keep calling the house keepering every day to ask them to finished uncompeleted job at my room.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good enough at a price	Stayed here for a couple of nights . Had stayed here many years ago, hotel much more modern now.Hotel is just in Congestion charge zone. Problem getting in to Car Park with barrier. Dealt with eventually with complete lack of charm.Room fine for the price, this is usually amongst the cheaper 4* Hiltons in London and is near to new shopping centre, and was quiet.Decent enough breakfast if you remember that less than £10 per person is allocated.	
Sep 26 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL WHOSE STAFF LOOK AFTER THEIR GUESTS EXTREMELY WELL	I stayed in this hotel after a trafalgar tour on 31 August 09 for 4 days and before the tour on 190809. The staff in this hotel treated me extremely well and made my stay extremely comfortable. Their customer service is impeccable and excellent. I was quite nervous after the tour on 310809 -being alone and this being my first visit to London. However, the concierge, front desk, staff at the West Eleven restaurant plus the cleaners from this Hotel did everything possible to make me feel comfortable and at home. Rashid, Sofiane, Khoo and others of the concierge helped me choose tours for London,taught me how to get around by bus and even called security and the police for me when I was harassed by a beggar near the hotel. I have yet to experience such wonderful service in any hotel I have stayed at and if there is any word that exceeds excellent, I would use it to describe the service I had receive. The front desk too provided excellent service. When I arrived from Australia to Hilton at 6:30am on 190809 I was about to physically collapse from the long trip.I told the front desk about it. They went out of their way to get me a room by 8am so that I can shower and sleep before I collapse. They were so good about it that I even received a call to see if I am happy about the room and if I am ok. Such service deserves an award and if there is an award that this hotel can get, I will be the first to recommend it.	
Sep 25 2009 	Average hotel if you get a good price	Me and my partner stayed at the Hilton Kensington last weekend and having a paid a price of £148 inc. breakfast (booked direct through the Hilton website - this was the cheapest I could find it at last minute) I have to say I was a little dissappointed, particularly after noticing that in a recent review somebody mentioned they paid £68 inc. breakfast.Our main disappointment was the size of our room, I had read previous reviews and noticed a few people had also mentioned this, but thought how bad could it be, I realised when we got to our room exactly what they were talking about, I dont think I have stayed in a hotel with such a small room, it was literally a box and a tiny bathroom with just a shower (no bath). It felt very claustrophobic and while I appreciate you do not spend all the time in the room, when youve had a busy day shopping in london and you want to relax for a couple of hours before you go out, when your in this small and pokey room its not very good. I wouldnt have thought the size would have bothered me but it really did!The location of this hotel is pretty good if you are not bothered about getting on the tube, with shepherds bush tube being the nearest and holland park in the other direction. If you walk up to holland park tube there are a few nice little bistro's/eating places to go to. There is also westfield park literally opposite, which is a really nice shopping centre (with some great food places to eat).The hotel has a car park underneath and there seemed to be plently of parking spaces and safe- it cost £30 for 24 hours (dont forget to get your ticket stamped when you check out) which I thought was pricey but this is pretty standard for hotel parking in London.We opted for the breakfast, which was pretty good, although we had to que for about 15 minutes which was a bit annoying, but still a really nice breakfast, with everything from a full english to cereals and fruit.My overall opinion of this hotel is basically if you can get a good price, i.e £68 inc breakfast then that is great, I would not however recommend this hotel for the price we paid (nearly £150 inc. b/f) for a standard double room, I know there are a lot nicer hotels for the money. For the price we paid I would rather have saved my money and booked in a premier travel inn for half the price and probably a bigger room!	
Sep 25 2009 	BRILLIANT LOCATION	This hotel was in a brill location, very central and a lovely walk down from Holland Park Station to hotel. We were room only in hotel but found a great place for breakfast &quot;Paisserie Valerie&quot; which was only a short walk from hotel. The hotel is only 6 stops on central line to Oxford Circus and one stop away from Nottinghill Gate which takes you to Portabello Road which was definitely worth a visit. I thought the Hilton at Holland Park was a really lovely place to stay and I would certainly recommend it. Our room was very nice with all amenties you would expect from a Hilton hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great hotel..would definitely stay again	My husband and i stayed at this hotel twice, one for a recent visit to London and another for our anniversary. They had a special deal going and we managed to get a suite for the price of a normal room-brilliant! The hotel is relaxing and very clean and the service of the staff is superb. The only complaint would be the price of dinner...we had been to eat at Le gavroche the night before and found we got better quality food for a better price there! Although the restaurant staff were brilliant and very polite. At night, the bar downstairs has a brilliant atmosphere, we spent ages there one night downing cocktails.The hotel is a fantastic location in a upper class Kensington neighbourhood with walkable distance to all the major sights and a nearby tube station. Would definitely stay here again, ignore all the bad comments!	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent location for shop til you drop ...	Stayed here for 2 nights and the hotel was lovely. Very clean, staff really helpful, excellent location. Right next to the Westfield Shopping Centre so you really can shop!Couldn't fault anything.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great hotel for a weekend stay	We stayed here on a sightseeing weekend in London. We had a very comfortable room on the 5th floor, no street noise and the whole hotel was very clean and smart.Good choice of food at breakfast , and all staff were extremely helpful and polite.We paid £62 for a twin room with breakfast, great value for London!	
Sep 17 2009 	Good Hotel in Kensington	I'm a little confused about some of the reviews here and wondering if they stayed at the same hotel I did. This is a great hotel in London, and even better if you use a certain well-known travel booking service that has William Shatner as a spokesman to book your room.A couple of points about the hotel. It's not actually in Kensington proper, but in an area between Kensington, Notting Hill and Shepherd's Bush. It's about a 200 yard walk to the Shepherd's Bush Underground station, which is nice, but you have to cross two major roads to get to it. Fortunately, for the really busy one (West Cross Route, A3220) there's an underground tunnel that passes under it, so it's not that big a deal. The rooms are a bit small by American standards, but are quite typical of most European hotels I've stayed in; our room was totally fine for two people, but more than that would have been a bit much.The good: Great location, right on the Central Line into London. Quiet, well-kept area of town. Great service - check went smoothly. They didn't have our room ready for us when we got there, but it was like 10am so I wasn't expecting it and it was ready by 12:30pm. The bad: £15/day for internet access? Really? I've seen some high prices before, but that's just totally insane. And it's not even wireless, so if you're going to pay that outrageous price for Internet access, bring a Cat-5 cable with you. The hotel cafe is also very pricey: a coffee, a soda and a muffin ran us over £11; walk down the road it would've been under £5.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location and Service - One Major Design Issue	Stayed here in Feb 09 when attending the National Wedding Show. Camped in a twin room with one of my bridesmaids and we were very impressed! The room was neat and clean with modern furnishings and nice bath/ shower with Crabtree &amp; Evelyn products (yay!). However I have one MAJOR DESIGN ISSUE I feel the hotel should address - the doors! Being an engineer, I understand hotels have to meet certain regulatory standards regarding fire doors but surely there must be a door equivalent of the sort of soft close cabinet drawers you get in kitchens! A small family were on our floor and I think the kids were in a separate room from their parents because we could hear them moving up and down the corridor and banging the doors late into the night - not very pleasant when one is trying to get a good night's sleep after a long day at a trade show or sightseeing! Breakfast was great, long queues on Saturday morning but we didn't queue for long and they gave guests free drinks while queueing. Don't be put off by negative reviews as it is a very nice hotel with friendly staff. Plus close to the Central Line tube or can take a bus into South Kensington where the museums are or walk across the traffic island to the massive shopping mall (Westfield). I booked through expedia and had a smooth check-in and check-out except for excess tax to pay on checkout which I was expecting anyway because it does state when booking on expedia that &quot;local charges may apply&quot;. This review was mainly posted in the hope that a member of the Hilton design team (or whoever is contracted to design and build their hotels) will read and possibly incorporate some kind of noise reduction feature for the room doors if the hotel becomes due for refurbishment soon.	
Sep 14 2009 	Kurt 	My wife, babysitter, 2 children and I checked into the Kensington Hilton in August after staying in wonderful Hilton Hotels around the world. My wife is a gold member and I am currently a gold member (having been diamond for many years). When we checked in I kindly gave the front desk clerk my name, spelled the name and explained that we had two reservations one in my wifes name and one in my name. The lady at the front desk appeared to be in a funk and asked me for my reservation forms. I didnt understand the lady at first so she repeaded in a harsh tone that she needed to see my reservation forms. I found this unusual as when I usually check in at Hiltons they will pull my reservation up on the computer and I will be escorted to the executive floor check in or to a Hilton Honors check in area. This lady seemed to be confrontational so I took the time to pull up my travel documents and showed her the two reservations. Later, my wife agreed with me that the front desk needed skills in dealing with the public.When I mentioned to the lady at the front desk that we would like to be on the same floor as close to each other as possible she was indignant that one room would be on the 5th floor and the other on the 6th floor. In my years of traveling with family, and I do travel with family much more than the normal person, I have had issues getting adjoining rooms and even sometimes rooms close together, but rarely are there issues of being on the same floor. I figured I would deal with the floor separation, but traveling with a nanny and children pose different problems. Simply put I do not like my children age 7 &amp; 11 having to get on an elevator if they want to go from one guest room to the other guest room.Finally, we were turned over to the Hilton Honors lady and the room problem continued. It was the longest check in for me this year at any hotel. We were finally given rooms on the 6th floor but not very close. It was livable as my wife would be in one room with the babysitter and our daughter. My son would sleep with me. Dont ask, after weeks of traveling around the world anything goes.The entire check in process set a negative tone for the stay. Overall, the hotel has numerous positives as in location to a beautiful Westfield mall and convenient location to Shephard' Bush station. It is also easy to pick up a bus and be in the heart of London in about 1/2 hour.The executive floor services are located on the first floor adjacent to the primary restaurant. It is convenient for coming and going during the day, but not as nice as having an executive floor on the same floor as the hotel rooms. The staff at the executive floor were nice and helpful.The selection of breakfast items in the executive lounge was adequate and fine. The evening selection was also acceptable. The concierge staff at the entrance to the hotel seem more concerned with offering services such a bus tours on the red bus that stops across the street and other services where they probably get a service fee from the vendor than providing true concierge help and assistance. My first stay at this Hilton was back in 1975. I wasn't even a teenage back then. Over the years I have stayed at this hotel several times, but I am forced to put this property on my bottom 5 list of Hilton properties at this time.If you do get a chance to stay at this property a fun past time is watching the Thai airline crews check in and check out. Usually, flight crews come with a couple small pieces of luggage, but these crews come with multiple suitcases that consist of more luggage than I require for multiple month treks around the globe. Hum, are there auto parts in them there bags?	
Sep 13 2009 	Awesome Location!	This hotel is so convenient to Westfield Mall which offers incredible shopping and free Wi-fi. The mall has a variety or restaurants to chose from, although I favored the Gourment Burger Kitchen. The hotel is very convenient to Shepard's Bush Undergroud but the 94 and 148 bus routes stop right in from of the hotel. The routes go from the hotel to Marble Arch, Oxford Street, and Picadilly Cirus, they go into the heart of London. I had a very good experience at the hotel with one exception, the main concierge attendent was short at times. On my last day, there was a female standing in the check-in area who was answering questions for guests and seemed very friendly and professional. The breakfast was plentiful and favorful. Overall, I had a great experience.	
Sep 7 2009	Slow in resolving overcharge issue	My sister in law and I stayed at the Kensington Hilton for a period of 12 days in June - on the night before departure we finalised the bill with nothing owing. At 3am on departure morning we had a bill slipped under the door to say we owed money. Went down to sort it out to be told by the Reception staff that they would speak to the accounts person when they got in to fix it, only to find when I arrived back in Australia my credit card had been charged more that AUD$500. I have been trying to get this charge reversed since 14th July 2009 and am just getting the run around, being told on several occasions that they will respond within 3 business days. We are now 8 weeks down the track and still no positive response from anyone. Hope they don't treat all their guests like this - Rachid on the Concierge desk was fantastic, breakfast and bar staff great, but the Reception staff need more training in being able to undersand the accounts side of a bill. Overall our stay was great, but the overcharge has made our stay disappointing.	
Sep 6 2009 	Check-in staff need training in customer services	Stayed at this Hotel for 2 nights Generally this Hotel os ok, situated within a few minutes walk from Shepherds Bush stations and Westfield shopping centre. Hotel was very clean and room make up service was excellent. On the downside there is a charge for internet access within the rooms of £15 per day using a cable (no wireless). There is also internet access from the ground floor bar at a cost of £4 per 15 minutes. This is just a rip off!Dont open or touch the minibar unless you want to be charged even if you just want to have a look. (maybe all hotels are similar in this, but it was a new one for me). Also the bottle of mineral water priced at £3.50 in the room is a joke considering they have the same bottles on the counter at breakfast which people can take away for free?Don't get me wrong, I am quite happy to pay for services etc. But i felt that this Hotel was just trying every way to get more money out of people.And the main downer for my wife and myself was the check in staff. We had a slight problem with the booking in, despite the reservation being made at least three weeks earlier. And trying to explain this to a young, non-English and inexperienced staff member was an unnecessary drawn out trauma. The young lad tried to ask his supervisor who was passing, (a rather stern faced jobs-worth of a woman), for advice and she just dismissed his question and looked contemptuously at us before moving on to patrol her territory! Eventually the problem was left unresolved and despite this, we checked in anyway and we then approached the concierge to ask for advice. This man was completely different and dealt with the problem efficiently and without fuss to our great relief!To sum up, this Hotel is clean, in a good location and was overall an enjoyable stay.Just watch that bill!And for added enjoyment make sure you sit on a table that gives you a good view of the breakfast room. You will enjoy the chaos as the staff try to keep with the demands of the guests (one guest was standing at the breakfast bar holding a bowl full of cereal and asked several members of staff for milk as the dispenser had run out-he was last seen waiting patiently outside the kitchen for at least 5 minutes!)	
Aug 31 2009 	best place to stay in london	I have stayed on business many times at this hotel.i am always welcomed by the most friendly and competent staff and feel more comfortable here than in any other london hotelholland park is quite close to the centre and now next door to the best shopping areatravel to central london is easy, but at the same time the hotel is in a quiet areaI always ask for a room at the backThe restaurant is first class and there are many good eating places nearby in Notting HillWhy stay in the noisy centre and pay twice as much	
Aug 8 2009 	Good but I've seen better from Hilton	Having stayed in a number of Hilton's both in the UK and abroad this wasn't quite up to the usual standard (room wise) - having said that though I got a good deal from Londontown.com (£215 for 3 nights) so I can't really complain. If I'd paid more for the room we got I wouldn't have been happy though. Granted it was a standard room, however the carpet was shabby, the wardrobe door wouldn't shut, there was rust in the bathroom (I could go on) - all little things, but again not what I'd expect from a Hilton. Otherwise the room was clean and the bed comfortable. The staff were excellent - from the moment we arrived until the moment we left they couldn't do enough for us and all were very pleasant and friendly. Definitely 5 star service. Breakfast was very good - plenty to choose from and the food was always freshly cooked.I personally really liked the location - close to Westfield Shopping Centre and reasonably close to both Shepherds Bush and Holland Park tube stations (about 5 minutes walk).One thing I would say is that if you'll need to use the Internet bring your laptop - if you've got a laptop you can get Internet access for 24 hours for £15. If you want to use their computers they charge £5 per 15 minutes. I wanted to use the Internet for a few hours (and didn't bring my laptop) so you can imagine what it would have cost. I just walked up to Shepherds Bush where there's loads of Internet shops that charge about £1 per hour. I'd probably go back, but next time I'd definitely opt for an executive room.	
Aug 7 2009	Requested a twin but got a double.	Took a family member on a short 2 night break. We requested a twin bedded room for obvious reasons. Hotel reception said they only had double rooms left and so would ask housekeeping to make up another bed in the room. The bed was a hospital / camping bed. It came with 1 piece of someones body hair on the covers. The hotel seemed to be struggling for rooms and when we came down later on, several people were lying down with their luggage in reception. The breakfast was not great. Some of the hot food was cold or overcooked. We found the location to be okay. It was a short walk from shepherds bush underground station. I would not stay here again. Overall it was overpriced and not too welcoming.	
Aug 6 2009 	Very Nice service and Food	I stayed at this wonderful hotel for 3 days and was totally pleased.I found and booked the hotel through Luxury Group directly and everything went smoothly from the beginning.	
Aug 4 2009 	Suited me fine	Good location for shops, transport, places to eat. Pleasant room. Near the park as well.Food was okay.	
Aug 4 2009 	Business 	The Hilton Kensington is very well located. Across the hotel is a bus stop where both the Hop On-Hop Off tourist bus stops as the regular bus (take the 194 down the street to shopping and Picadilly), 5 minutes away is a bus station and tube station. Right behind here is a new grand mall with 'posh' shops as Chanel and The Beers and regular stores like Marks &amp; Spencers. There are plenty of restaurants here as well. There are several pubs near by (Belushi on the next corner is a favorite of mine: live music, drink specials and crazy people to watch).The lounge for the executive floor is what made our trip. The breakfast staff left a little to want but the food was good and plentiful (empty trays will be refilled, have a few minutes patience), afternoon tea was simple and the evening happy hour &amp; snacks pretty much made our meals of the day. Most staff is very prompt and attentive. I received flowers for my birthday and inquired about a vase with housekeeping. They brought two up for me to pick within minutes and thoughtfully brought scissors so I could cut my flowers.The concierges desk is phenomenal! Great advice and service in arranging cabs, theater tickets or just advice on where to go.Down sides: executive or not, the bed was a full not a queen and a little hard and uncomfortable. Don't forget to have your mini fridge emptied as it has an automated registry (the sticker on the door telling you this was for us not very clear to see or read). The lobby rest rooms were nasty; not cleaned very often or looked in on? Overall staying here made our trip not only easy, as in getting around to meetings, but incredibly fun as well, as in surprise dessert for my birthday! I am looking forward to going to London again, and am working toward making this hotel my place to stay again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Overall a good experience	We had booked a 2 night stay requesting a quiet room on the top floor. We arrived from Heathrow at 1100 and did not expect our room to be ready, however as we had booked a room as Gold card members it was nice to have immediate access to the lounge where the staff were very attentive. Unfortunately there were issues with the previous guest checking out from our room and whilst everyone else was getting access to their rooms, we did not get ours until just on 1500 and then they had to swap us to another room rather than the original allocated. Room 6028 is nice but it is not quiet as it has the ice machine outside the door.We enjoyed breakfast in the lounge which we were glad we could get at as the queues for the dining room were so long. Breakfast range was very adequate, though food not as hot as it should have been.Evening refreshments in the Executive Lounge were very pleasant, again a good range and it was nice that the young lady came round and spoke to everyone about 15 minutes before the drink was to be taken away to check if people wanted one more drink - so often hotels just whip stuff away and if you have lost track of time you miss outRooms was clean and bed was the usual -I find all Hilton beds very comfortable and this one was indeed good.Elsewhere I had read it was better to use Holland Park Tube station if you had luggage, we did that on the way there, but it was a long walk and there were some stairs to negotatiate before the station lifts in fact the Shepherds Bush station is nearer and whilst it has escalators is very easy to negotiate then it is a step free 5 minute walk - go to the right across the road to avoid the few steps up to the roundabout. Although the roundaboaut is big, the pedestrian crossings are good.We found the Concierge a little dismissive of us when we asked for directions to a restaurant we had booked ourselves through recommendations from others. I think he was annoyed we were not letting him handle our bookings but he did give us correct directions once we had convinced him this was indeed where we wanted to eatYes I will return to this hotel when we come back to London if the price is right	
Aug 2 2009 	Mixed Feelings ( Breakfast!)	Stayed at the hilton for 2 nights, staff very friendly and helpful. Room was o.k. Very quite at night on the 7th floor. The disappointing part was breakfast on the first morning, we went down at 9.45 to find a queue of about 30 to 40 people! decided to go for a walk, came back 1hour later walked straight into restaurant to find ---- cold porridge, cold scrambled egg, rock hard bacon and no plates also the servery was very messy! I have not found this with any other Hilton, so very disappointed. I did speak to the food manager who sorted something out for the next morning, but even so be aware when the hotel is busy this is how it will be. Overall good stay.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Hotel and good breakfast!	I stayed here for 1 night in July as me and my partner went to see a westend show. The hotel is great. It is about a 15 min walk from Holland park tube station. We were offered breakfast for a reduced rate of £10, and the breakfast was great. All in all a really nice stay.	
Aug 2 2009 	Good hotel especially if you get the upgrade	We stayed at this hotel for five days and it was clean, comfortable and the service was good. My husband is a Hilton Rewards member and we received a room upgrade upon request at check in. This gave us complimentary breakfast, access to the executive lounge, which meant complimentary afternoon tea and happy hour, as well as free internet on the hotel computers in the lounge.The room was a decent size. The bed was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was large and clean. Internet in the room was extra.This is a big hotel with many guests coming and going. The location, near Holland Park, is on the edge of a lovely residential area on one side and a gigantic shopping mall and tube station on the other. It is not centrally located but the value we got, especially with the upgrade, made it worthwhile. We purchased Oyster cards for the tube and found it to be a fast and reliable way to transverse London easily.We had a flight booked out of Luton airport at 6am in the morning. This airport is about a 50 minute drive outside of London. I asked the concierge what our options were for travel at that hour and for that distance. He told me that my only option was to hire a car for 185 Euros. I knew there had to be another way and looked through our Rick Steve's England book - don't travel England without it - and found a Green Line Coach bus for 13 Euros each person. We took a taxi to Victoria Station and caught it. Bottom line is; their concierge either didn't know about this or chose not to tell me about it.Other than that one experience, the staff was helpful and friendly.	
Jul 27 2009 	Don't expect it to be in Kensington	Stayed one night at the Hilton London Kensington, I found the name misleading as I was expecting to be closer to the centre of London rather than in Shepherd's Bush!Having recently stayed at the Hilton Gateshead we were expecting a similar standard at this hotel, sadly it fell far short of that. The room was adequate but nothing more and a little on the small side. Breakfast was not up to the expected standard and there seemed to be a shortage of staff. Serving spoons rather than tongs made picking up the sausages and bacon quite difficult and many guests commented on this. We will certainly look for a more central location for our next visit to London. It was expensive for what we paid £135.Internet access if £15 per day, which I think is exhorbitant.	
Jul 26 2009 	great location for Westfield shopping centre	a friend and i were seeing Russell Brand at Hammersmith Apollo and wanted somewhere between the venue and the Westfield Centre as we were going shopping the next day. the hotel was easy to get to from central london using the tube. it is a short walk from shepherd's bush station. the receptionists were very friendly and the hotel room decor was modern and clean. the beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was very clean and there were plenty of towels (always a plus for 2 girls staying together!). we decided to have a quick bite before the show in the hotel bar. the bar staff mixed us some fab cocktails and the food was pricey but nice. the hotel got us a cab very quickly and we even returned after the show for some late drinking in the bar. all the staff we spoke to were very helpful and friendly. good show, good stay, good shopping!	
Jul 25 2009 	Great Hotel - Will be back	I have travelled widely and stayed in many top hotels but the service at this hotel was second to none. Every phone call to reception had an immediate response this despite the fact that they were in the middle of a very busy summer season. My son's problem with his t.v. was delt with in a manner of minutes. Check in was flawless, bags and room service arrived on time. Breakfast was fast and efficient. My pot of coffee arrived within one minute of ordering every morning without fail. The impression was a good team working flat out to make sure that each and every person was well looked after. My only gripe was that the room service dinner arrived not quite hot enough although the waiter was chatty and professional. This hotel is working on all engines and our stay was really enjoyable as a result. It always felt good to come back each evening after a long day. For a medium priced busy London hotel it doesn't come better than this.	
Jul 24 2009 	Poor excuse for a Hilton	Was so disapointed by this hotel. Holland Park is a lovely area in London, mix with the Hilton name and I was expecting far more than was delivered. I think this hotel was overpriced for a particularly average hotel. I've never stayed in a Hilton, but based upon this, I won't be staying in one again. Room very basic and not very clean, not a great breakfast and am just pleased i was only there one night.	
Jul 22 2009 	Nice hotel but nothing special	The hotel is literally two minutes away from Shepherd's Bush tube station which is very convenient and on the Central line which takes you to Oxford Street. There are a couple of changes required if you want to go to Heathrow by tube but it is generally easy to get to. There is also a huge shopping centre at the tube station which is worth checking out.The reception area is very nice and the staff were pretty efficient. There is a concierge who can look after cases etc if the room is not available and we took advantage of this when we checked in and out.The room itself was very small - and I have stayed in some small rooms in big cities. There was perhaps 30cm at the foot of the bed to squeeze past. There was very little floor space for opening a suitcase or anything like that. There was a flatscreen LCD TV but honestly I doubt they could have fitted a TV in if it was not a flatscreen attached to the wall. The bathroom was equally small with quite a low ceiling. It didn't have a bath - which didn't bother us but perhaps you would expect a bath for that price.We did not have any food in the hotel so I can't advise on that. There are quite a few places along Holland Park Avenue - we didn't try any but there are plenty of options. Also a Vue cinema in the area.The thing about hotels in London is that average hotels are extremely expensive. I would say this hotel is case in point - over £100 per night for a pretty small room without breakfast.We were not in the room much but it would have been nicer to have a little more space - although it didn't ruin our stay.	
Jul 20 2009 	Nice hotel slightly outside of central London but easily accessible	Stayed at this hotel for one night upon arriving in London. Was actually a pretty good place to stay.The hotel is bordered by two interesting areas: Holland Park / Kensington area which is a relatively quiet, leafy street, and the Westfield London shopping centre, easily one of the most opulent malls I've seen outside of Las Vegas.The hotel appears to have been renovated during the past few years. The rooms were small, but well laid out and quiet. Although I don't think our rooms were renovated, they were in acceptable condition and I'll grudgingly admit that they were good by London standards, for the price we paid (57 GBP).The location is near Shepherd's Bush tube, though it is a bit of a walk around the mall, so I'd suggest the slightly longer but far more pleasant walk from Holland Park tube to the hotel. There also are a number of bus routes in front of the hotel, often an easier and cheaper alternative in central London. It really just is a few stops to Tottenham Court Road station, which is a good starting point for touring London.Overall, I recommend this hotel, especially to people who have been to London a few times and may be looking for a slightly different area to stay in. For first-timers, you may want to stay somewhere just a bit closer in to central London. But either way, a good bet.	
Jul 9 2009 	Another Fantastic Stay	This was my second time at the Hilton London Kensington, and it was another fantastic stay. The front desk personal were extremely friendly, and fast . I was able to check in early with no complaints or hesitation from the front desk. Last time I visited this hotel, they were in the middle of the renovation, so it was noisy during the day (which my partner and I didn’t mind actually, since we were out in the city anyways.) On this trip, we were really pleased with the updated refurbishment, and how quiet our room were. The room was nicely decorated, and the bathroom was extremely clean (love the shampoos by the way.) The bed was also clean and comfortable. The hotel is near a Tesco Express, which is great if you want a quick walk and breakfast before hitting the town. Sheppard’s Bush tube/bus stop is just a very short walk also. The area is very safe, and I felt comfortable walking down the sidewalks even in the middle of the night.If there was one thing I could change, that is more control over the A/C. I really like my room cool (even during the winter) and that was kind of hard to do, otherwise the only major disappointment is not staying there longer. I will return, very soon, and will stay at the Hilton London Kensington.	
Jul 8 2009 	OK I suppose	Stayed with partner for an overnight Birthday treat, combined with a trip to Westfield, which is in walking distance.Booked a standard guest room, but asked for a smoking room on check in and were upgraded to an executive room on 2nd floor (all smoking rooms on 2nd floor) room was clean,b ut tiny, I mean really small. Bathroom was equally lilliputian, though nice shower. Breakfast included, was ok would have liked some non pork sausages.Very, very noisy, with traffic, police, ambulance sirens, all night long. Our ambience was further disturbed by seeing a couple having a physical fight outside our room. Not the hotel's fault obviously!Friendly staff, quick check out. A toothbrush kit would have been appreciated!	
Jul 5 2009 	Lovely hotel easy transport links would return.	My friend and I recently stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. We had a twin room which was very clean and had all the necessary facilities, TV, safe, tea and coffee, etc. (with a kettle you could actually get more than 1 cup of tea from which was nice). We didn't use any of the hotel amenities, choosing to be up and out for the majority of the day, so I can't comment on the restaurant or bar, etc in the hotel itself. There are however plenty of cafes, restaurants, etc., a couple of minutes walk from the hotel, so we chose to go out and explore. As you come out of the hotel, to the right and about 5 minutes walk is a large modern shopping centre with lots of restaurants which are open late. To the left from the hotel and again about 5 minutes walk are local cafes, restaurants etc. We ate at the local Bombay Bicycle Indian Restaurant one evening, which served lovely food and had pleasant staff.The location is good, in a nice area, not far from Shepherds Bush or Holland Park tube stations on the central line. Although Shepherds Bush is slightly closer than Holland Park (2 minutes but across a busy junction), we chose to use the Holland Park station, which was a lot quieter (no escalators for those with cases, but thankfully a lift which was even better). The station is only a 5 to 10 minute walk from the hotel, along a pleasant tree lined street. There is also a Tesco just before the tube station which we found handy. Continuing up another half mile from the tube station and to the left, you head into Nottinghill and the famous Portobello Market (saturdays). Basically just follow the crowd and you can't miss it! Wear comfy shoes though, the market is huge.We certainly had no complaints about the hotel which served our purpose nicely and would recommend it as a place to stay in a nice area.	
Jul 1 2009 	London break- great location average rooms	Hilton Kensington is in a great location, close to two tube stations and bus route just out the front.The Restaurant Staff were very courteous and the food was great.The Reception Staff were at times difficult to get assistance from and the rooms are VERY small and in need of a refurbishment. They were clean and the housekeeping team that we encounted were pleasant and professionable.If you are not in your room for any length of stay, it is not a bed place to stay.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Hotel ......but.....	Really nice hotel , great staff , nice area , very close to westfiled shopping centre , Hop on Hop off tour bus starts just over the road , BUT..... a massive wait in the evenings for your meal , if you eat in the evenings at this hotel make sure you you have a few hours spare !!! no kidding on our second night we couldn't even wait for dessert , we just went without , we had already been in there hours !!! such a shame as this was our only complaint .	
Jun 27 2009 	Fine for 1 night stay.	The usual standard Hilton, not central location but near the tube, room was ok, could hear next door TV and talking, so sound proofing is not adequate. Breakfast very slow, fine for 1 night stay.	
Jun 26 2009 	Avoid 2095 - and the Restaurant	On arrival allocated room 2095, a shoe box size room with no bath. No way would I stay in a room of this size for 3 nights. So small you have to walk round the bed to get into the room and the TV is wall mounted due to lack of space. Are Hilton proud of the manner in which they accommodate their Silver VIP Hhonors members? Returned to reception where a room change was no mere formality. Laura trotted off twice to confer with the manager and only after some delay was I granted an alternative room on the 4th floor. This appeared to be a standard room which had at least a bath in a tiny bathroom and begs the question as to how room 2095 could be described.Our restaurant experience was also a dire affair. This dull, windowless room was understaffed to the extent that we had to ask twice for water, twice for re-fills and wait a long time for our order to be taken and also between courses. I point no finger at the waiting staff in this respect. Staffing levels are just not adequate and cannot cope.Unfortunately it was the same sorry story at breakfast. Tables not cleared, no side plates, hot breakfast served on cold plates - I could go on but to what avail?The Hilton name used to be a guarantor of quality, at the Kensington it falls very far short of that standard.	
Jun 24 2009 	LOVE LOVE LOVE!	What a find! It is kind of off the beaten path but oh so worth it. It is located on a cute little street that seems out of a picture. There is a little gelato place on the same street towards the underground that is absoultely fabulous! I would stay here again in a heart beat! The only thing I didn't like was the fact that our toilet did not work well. Oh, they also charge a large fee for using the internet. Don't foget to visit Nottinghill! It is literally a ten minute walk from this hotel. VERY CUTE!	
Jun 24 2009 	Mega breakfast lacking in one thing for me	Great location , excellent for transport to other places. My second time at this hotel, last was as a single person. Twin room can be claustrophobic for 2 people. I am a smoker and my companoin was a non smoker, she was o.k. with this but I wish there was an area outside the hotel to sit in comfort and have a drink and a cigarette so I did not pollute the bedroom for my non smoking friend. As usual the buffet breakfast was incredible and could set you up for the whole day. Cleanliness of room could not be faulted. I asked for a small fridge in the room when I checked in and this was provided . I know it is possible to get 5* accommodation for last minute bookings in London at a discount but why bother taking the risk ? If you can book ahead and know for sure what you are getting this is a good option.	
Jun 23 2009 	Loved it!	Just returned from 5 night stay at the end of our trip and very much enjoyed the neighborhood and the hotel. Although we were not one of the lucky ones to have our room upgraded we made do with the space in a standard room and managed quite well. It was kept spotless and tea/coffee cookies were replenished each day. The concierge service was always helpful and pleasant and the one meal that we ate there (because we were too tired to go elsewhere) was very good. We would most definitely return.	
Jun 21 2009 	Guest orientated hotel	Stayed here for one night with my wife. Generally, a pleasant and commendable stay. This hotel stands out because all staff treat guests with respect - they are prepared/have been trained to give that little bit extra and nobody had an indifferent attitude. They also greet and talk to guests in a helpful and positive way.Pros: straightforward check-in and out; the attitude of the staff towards guests was excellent; bus stop outside hotel (in both directions); ten minute walk to Holland Park tube station; located on pleasant tree-lined avenue; brilliant upmarket Westfield Shopping Centre within walking distance; large executive lounge with plenty of choice for breakfast and pre-dinner nibbles and drinks and also free internet access; plenty of areas for sitting down and relaxing on ground floor; good breakfast in large restaurant; hotel provides value for money for Central London.Cons: evening meal in hotel restaurant (dinner b&amp;b basis) offered a limited choice and although the service was good, the food was only satisfactory; the bedrooms (even the executive ones) were small- and the black painted areas in the bedrooms was a bit downmarket. I would recommed this hotel if you are looking for good value and good quality guest relations in this part of London.	
Jun 16 2009 	Reasonably priced in a location just outside of the hustle and bustle.	We stayed at the Hilton Kensington in April of 2007 and were more than pleased. Most flights from the US to Europe get you there before check-in at hotels. The staff was more than happy to secure our luggage in a closet until our room was available. There were plenty of other bags in the closet, so apparently we weren't he only ones. The staff also assisted me with contacting the airport where I had left a bag...ugh. The hotel staff did everything short of driving me to the airport.When we checked in we found the room to be in good condition. I wouldn't even consider the bedroom small. The bathroom was a bit on the petite size, but served its purpose.Our 9 night stay didn't tempt us to eat at the restaurant on site, but we did stop off at the bar for a couple of drinks. All of the staff were pleasant and the concierge was top notch (I forget his name, but remember he was Algerian). The hotel is located between Shepherd's Bush and Holland Park tube stations. There is a bus stop right outside of the front door, so public transportation is at your beck and call. The hotel is located on a main road that will take you through Notting Hill, the north side of Hyde Park, Marble Arch, and into the shopping district at Regent Street.The conierge arranged for a taxi to pick us up at 6:30 AM the morning of our departure. The taxi was actually waiting for US!!! I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to save a few bucks in London and who doesn't need high cost amenities.	
Jun 15 2009 	All round great	Lovely welcome and nice room. Excellent service in the bar to quickly accomodate 20 of us for drinks and snacks. The staff couldn't do enough for us.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great stay - wonderful area!	Stayed one night and was not disappointed. Typical large Hilton, but still attentive to service - very pleasant check in staff and waiters at breakfast. Clean, comfortable and in a wonderful trendy location. Complimentary wine was a lovely touch.	
Jun 10 2009	Very enjoyable stay	My family and I just stayed at this hotel for 5 days for our trip to England. The rooms were okay in size, very clean and quiet. Our rooms face the roundabout just outside the hotel, but I could barely hear the noise from the street. The complimentary tea/coffee/cookie was refreshed daily. Hotel staff was polite, friendly and helpful. The location was excellent; it's a 5 min walk to the new Westfield Mall and the closest Underground station (Shepherd's Bush), and about 30 mins from Heathrow Airport by taxi. There are also bus stops right in front of the hotel. Prices for the rooms were reasonable. We've already decided to return to England next summer, and will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 9 2009 	No complaints	We stayed here for 4 nights and would come back again. Very clean and spacious room, attentive service, and 24 hour lounge. Close to two tube stations and a lot of shops within walking distance. The Greek restaurant across the street has the best taramasalata I've ever had. After I checked out, discovered I left my favorite dress in the room. Called and they said no worries, I could pick it up whenever. A week later, I stopped in before heading back to the US and they quickly brought my dress out. The internet access was a whopping 4 pounds for a half hour, so skip that and head to the many internet cafes past the Shepherd's Bush station.	
Jun 9 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at this hotel for three nights 5th-8th of June and it was a fantastic stay.From the minute we checked in until check out the hotel was just great.First we were given an upgrade to an excecutive room complete with lounge access and this was a big bonus. The room was spotless and by no means small,it was on the 6th floor with a massive comfy bed so there was no problem at all getting a good nights sleep.All the staff that we met were so professional,but also very friendly and helpful,they could'nt do enough for us and I do mean all the staff. Next is the food, it to was very good as we were on DBB we ate in at night as well as breakfast.The food was good but was limited in selection for diner,but hey it was still fine as we were only there for the three nights.Breakfast was the usual Hilton 'one' just great, excellent selection and quality. I would recommend this hotel no problem and if we ever return to London we shall not hesitate to book here again.A BIG thanks to all the staff who made our break so special.	
Jun 8 2009 	exemplary service	We have stayed at this hotel many times since our daughter lives in the neighborhood. On this visit, I overlooked retrieving my American money from the roomsafe when I left, and, upon inquiring, was very pleasantly surprised to learn that the purse had been turned in. The hotel seemed to be much busier than usual--perhaps the Westfield Shopping Center practically at the doorstep, is responsible. Other reviewers have commented that the hotel is a bit out of the way for London attractiions. However, the neighborhood is so lovely-very enjoyable to stroll around Holland Park and Notting Hill--and gives a differerent aspect to a London trip.	
Jun 5 2009 	One off a kind........	Stayed there for two nights,rooms are big and verry clean.The buffetbreakfast is verry nice and everything you like is there.A wonderfull place and good service.Worth the money you pay.	
Jun 3 2009 	simply loved it	Great hotel	
May 29 2009 	Exactly what we wanted	My daughter and I used this hotel for five days as a base for touring universities outside London. It was perfect for us: light, airy and very clean room, with enough counter space in the bathroom, and a nice view of leafy trees out the large window. The walk from Holland Park tube station was lovely, with charming shops and a supermarket along the way (Sheperds Bush was closer, but we enjoyed the walk, and bus service is outside the front door). We did check out Westfield shopping center...lots of retaurants there as well, and the biggest Boots drugstore in the universe. A few cons: expensive internet access in room (15 pounds for 24 hours running noon to noon, though cheaper with different terms in lobby); we kept the window open instead of using the air conditioner and there was quite a bit of traffic noise; weak shower pressure, but not a dealbreaker. Admittedly this hotel is not in the center of the action...a plus for us as we've been to London a few times before, but I'd recommend for first-timers as well if you're looking for value for money.	
May 24 2009 	We'll be back for sure!	Just completed a stay that totalled - including a weekend away in the country - two weeks. And I have to say it was a great choice. Of course, if you arrive at 9 a..m. from your transocean flight and checkout is 11, there's a chance there won't be a room available. So stash your luggage and go for a walk or bus ride! And yes, the rooms are small, by North American standards, but no smaller than comparable London hotels, and - at least they are clean, well sound-insulated, and everything works! Location couldn't be better: True, it's not dead-center in London, but you're in a real London neighborhood, only a short walk from the Shepherd's Bush tube (10 minutes to Oxford Street, max.) and - even better - several bus routes into central London stop right at the hotel door! (We used our Oyster Card on the busses and got a free tour of London with every ride!) Plenty of local restaurants - both at the sumptuous, brand-new Westfield shopping center and (in the opposite direction) along Holland Park Avenue. Best of all: The breakfasts (included with our room, and easily worth £15 per person) - I have never seen a buffet to rival it: Made-to-order omelettes, fried eggs, scrambled eggs, yogurts, fresh fruit (pears, melon, orange slices, and more), porridge and dry cereals, pancakes, sausages, fried tomatoes, croissants, wholewheat breads, smoked salmon, cheeses, and more. We simply snaffled rolls, apples and some cheese from the buffet and rarely had to buy lunch! Lukacz, our favorite maitre d', makes sure you get your coffee or tea, plus choice of juice, delivered within seconds of your being seated. Two complaints: An overly-soft mattress in our second - post weekend - room: No biggie. And a truly rip-off charge of something like £6 an hour for high-speed internet use! (We found several places a few minutes away in Shepherd's Bush that charge just £1 an hour, and many Cafe Nero and Prete cafes have free wi-fi. So does the British Library at Euston.)That said, we'll be back for sure!	
May 20 2009 	Great hotel	Superb location as we were attending a concert in the Shepherds Bush Empire. Good room, smallish but that's par for the course in London, nice Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries. The staff were lovely and breakfast was very good, we did get a bargain at £65 including breakfast and I'd definitely stay here again. We also ate dinner in the restaurant and it was pretty good as far as hotel food goes and reasonably priced.	
May 19 2009 	Great Location Clean 	This hotel has a great location in the Holland Park area - about 4 blocks from the Holland Park tube stop on the Central Line. There are many small restaurants and several small convenience stores nearby. The area near the hotel is safe to walk around and is adjacent to some of the more expensive residential property in London. The room is reasonably sized with the usual Hilton amenities. There is a well stocked coffee/tea tray in the room as well as a hair dryer and iron. We have had some bad experiences in London staying in small independent hotels, local chains such as Thistle and Guomon and B&amp;B's and so decided to give this Hilton a try - it was nice to stay in a well ventilated room that had an en suite bath with good water pressure - so what if the ambiance isn't &quot;local&quot; - after a day of business or site seeing, it is nice to come back to clean, comfortable and safe accomodations!	
May 12 2009 	Happiness At The Hilton	I spent four nights here as part of a stay over in London. It’s a beautiful hotel and rooms are nicely decorated with tea and coffee making facilities. I gathered my room was one not recently renovated since I found some dirty marks on the carpet and wallpaper, compared to my friend’s room which had undergone recent refurbishment. I attempted to arrange to have my room earlier by emailing the hotel a week before hand with my request, was willing to pay additional for this because I was going to the theatre in the afternoon and evening and wanted to drop my luggage off and change. Sadly my room was not ready at 12pm but they offered me a small double room, sadly they didn’t reduce the price which I find a bit of a con but I guess it’s how they make their money. The concierge is excellent, I was expecting a delivery on the Tuesday and I let them know. When I returned back from some shopping they informed me it had arrived and had been put in my room which I thought was nice of them! The bathroom was tiny, too small and the shower had a large step up to it which is not suitable for people with disabilities, I stubbed my toe several times trying to get into the shower! The mini bar is overly priced as is the hotel bar but then it’s the Hilton. Good tip for basics nip to the Tesco Express on the bus down the road, get off a Notting Hill Gate and you’ll spot it plus save a fortune in the long run! Location is good, buses are frequent and taxi’s are on hand outside the hotel night and day. I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again should I managed to afford to visit London again!	
May 7 2009 	Absolutely brilliant	I have just come back from staying at this Hotel. me and my husband stayed here for one night. we booked the hotel through londontown.com and got it for £65 per room per night including breakfast. I would most definitley stay here again and would recommend it to anyone. the service was brilliant and the rooms were compact and very clean. A great experience all round.	
May 7 2009 	Seventy five pounds for 7 days Internet access !!!	This was my first stay in this hotel. The location was perfect as business took me further West and the hotel is a good middle distance between Heathrow and Central London. It should more properly be called Shepherds Bush Hilton given it's location.The Staff were friendly upon check in. However I couldn't believe they wanted 75 pounds for Internet access! Eventually I ended up paying this exhorbitant amount. I was given incorrect advice at Reception about the access spanning the two halves of my trip (I checked out at the weekend) and had to get a Supervisor to review the situation. They ended up upgrading me to an Executive Room with access to Internet in the room plus access to the Executive Lounge only to call the next evening and say they'd made yet another error and that although I could have the Internet I was not going to have access to the Executive Lounge. My experience was that the Reception staff looked to find some way to blame the customer for their mistakes.One of my towels has a nasty big handprint on it - looked like someone had motor oil or something on their hands! I informed Housekeeping.The Restaurant was lovely and service was a little uneven in quality but overall friendly and portions were good. I was there when they had a Spanish theme and the Tapas was very good.The beds are very comfortable and Room Service was prompt, friendly and the food was piping hot.Overall a better hotel for Leisure rather than Business seeming to cater to large tour groups and sports fans rather than the business traveller.	
May 6 2009 	wonderful place to stay	Just recently stayed at this hotel for a 3 day stay. Rooms were neat and clean, staff was very pleasant. Bar area was great, food and drinks very reasonably priced. The resturant was nice, breakfast in the morning was buffet and a various things to chose from. We were very pleased with our stay here.	
May 1 2009 	Lovely hotel great breakfast!	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend during March. The room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was great with plenty of choice and good service. Food at the bar was lovely too. Location was good, only a short walk to the Underground. Only thing to be prepared for is high car parking cost at £30 per 24 hrs.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great hotel - will stay again	I stayed at this hotel on 14th April 09 and thought it was great. The check-in staff were very friendly and gave me a choice of rooms. I then had a call in my room after about 15 mins to check all was ok and it was. The room had everything I needed and was tastefully decorated. My view wasn't great but that didn't bother me as I had lots of work to do! I ate at the restaurant - WestEleven in the evening. I opted for the £20 menu for 3 courses. The food and ambience was perfect. The buffet breakfast was also very nice – loads and loads of choice and great healthy options. The hotel is situated perfectly for Westfield Shopping centre - a 5 minute walk. The underground is near by too. I was travelling alone and felt totally safe in the hotel and surrounding area. I would definitely go back for work or pleasure.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great service and location	Hotel was very clean and welcoming. Check in staff were very friendly. Beds were not the best, however staff were able to find us a better bed. Breakfast was great. Location is in a good area and not far from central london. Bus stop right outside and mall close by. No laundry facility on site. One close by, &quot;but not the best&quot;. Would stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Small rooms but clean and good location	The location is great, with easy &quot;tube&quot; access (Shepherds Bush). Many restaurants close by. The room was very small with barely enough room to walk around bed. Windows look right out on other rooms in close proximity. Bed a bit wobbly. Closet space very limited. Room was very hot on arrival due to sun exposure, but A/C worked well and got temp to sane level in about an hour. Due to space, TV mounted on the wall in a corner of room. Reasonable quality but not a lot of channels.Desk space limited and Internet access very expensive (15 pounds per day). Bathroom small but functional. Shower stall very small and with very limited ceiling height. Lots of small detail problems: alarm clock not working, shower head not quite right, musty smell in hallway, but nothing major.	
Apr 18 2009 	NO PROBLEMS WHATSOEVER.	Stayed 20th March 2009 for 3 nights. Room was on the 4th floor, Kingsize bed, widescreen t.v. bathroom with bath and overhead shower. (crabtree and evelyn toiletries in bathroom) All very clean and perfect.Check-in staff very accomodating and efficient. The doorstaff were very attentive and helpful.Breakfast was excellent,including omlette bar. Plenty of choice for the health conscious option, or not as in our case.(full english all 3 mornings)Would certainly stay here again, and would have no problem recommending this hotel to anybody.Can't wait for next years London weekend break.Age of party 45 &amp; 49.	
Apr 17 2009 	Some good mostly bad	Recently stayed for 4 nights with my wife over Easter. The hotel has some good points but was mostly dissapointing.Whether the location is good for you or not will be highly dependent on what you are looking for. The hotel is not very central - its in a fairly quiet residential area on Holland Park Avenue. Its very close to the Shepherd's Bush tube station on the Central Line (Tip: the Hilton website tells you its near the Holland Park tube station, which it sorta is, but Shepherd's Bush is much closer).and right next to a bus stop (Tip: do not take a bus to Camden. It took ages and was a very unpleasant trip. On the other hand the trip to Victoria or Marble Arch is much more pleasant than taking the tube), so you can get anywhere in London pretty easily, but if you want to be walking distance from major tourist areas this hotel is not for you. On the other hand its very close to Notting Hill and Portobello Rd, and its also right next to the huge and very impressive new Westfield Shopping Mall which is definitely worth a visit if you want to shop. Its got all the usual main street shops, plus some decent restaurants. For us the location was just fine.The hotel itself is pretty drab, and reminiscent of a railway station when busy. The building is flat out ugly, the Lobby not very attractive. Its all clean and modern, just very ...blah. Our room was TINY. Even by London standards. There is barely any closet - enough for 2 coats, maybe a suit or a dress. There is virtually no draws to put away your clothes and worse still nowhere to put your suitcase (which you have to live out of anyway). The bathroom was microscopic. One other problem - the rooms are not well ventilated. I couldn't believe that in fairly chilly weather (down to 5-6 degrees at night) we had the window open, the heating off and it was STILL STUFFY AS HELL. I hate sleeping with AC, but that's what I was forced to do. As fas as cleanliness and decor is concerned it is modern, clean and pleasant enough. I wasn't crazy about the bed. Its a regular double (you couldn't fit anything bigger in the room anyway) and was way too springy. Felt like a foldaway.They have Internet in the hotel, but its very expensive - 15 pounds per day. (Tip: you can get a prepaid wireless dongle from T-Mobile for 30 pounds, plus 10 pounds for a weeks access giving 3GB per day (plenty!!). This is a total of 40 pounds, so its worth it for a 3 day stay or more.)Breakfast was included which was a mixed blessing. Ok, so we were there over Easter and the hotel was pretty full, but I think its inexcusable that we had to stand in line for 30 minutes to get a table. It wasn't that it was so crowded, there just weren't enough people to clear the tables. For god's sake Hilton, how about putting enough staff on duty for busy periods!!! The food itself was adequate. Nothing spectacular, but adequate. There was a guy making omelets, there was a choice of pastries, fruits, bacon, sausages, etc. We didn't eat any other meals in the hotel, nor did we use any other facilities. There is a bar in the lobby which seemed quite lively.We paid 110 pounds per night including tax, which was pretty much spot on in terms of value. In other words, in an expensive city I would hate to pay more than that for this place. In fact, I would put this hotel on par with a Holiday Inn which I would generally expect to pay a bit less. Don't let the Hilton brand fool you, this is not a fancy hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Queuing for Breakfast	Nice hotel at nice location. Rooms are clean a bit too small though.Worst experience here was we had to queue for 30 minutes before we could get breakfast. Staff was doing its utmost best but clearly a management mistake understaffing a full hotel that week end.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good base and great value.	Well located hotel, close to Shepards Bush tube. We got a very good deal - £100 per night for 2, B&amp;B on the easter bank holiday! Room was clean and well appointed, with a large bed. The gf also really liked the toiletries. The breakfast was excellent and all of the staff we met were friendly and courteous. Recommended.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice location	Short review,not much to be said,it's a nice hotel,lovely location.helpful staff a short walk to the tube and plenty of shops nearby.	
Apr 14 2009 	Good location but tiny bathroom	We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for one night and whilst the location could not really be described as Kensington, it is still a very nice area. The walk down from Holland Park tube station takes you past a very pleasant pub and a number of cafes and patisseries. Turn left out of the hotel and you are practically at Westfield Shopping Centre so it is very easy to find things to do in the locality. Whilst the location is excellent the room was not quite so good. It was furnished nicely but there was evidence of a substantial leak from the roof which had stained the carpet and looked very unpleasant. The bed was comfortable and the breakfast was good. The main complaint though was about the bathroom. It was tiny. This would not usually bother me but it was so small I could barely stand up in the shower (I am 6 foot tall). Not really acceptable for £125 per night. Also noise seemed to travel very easily between rooms and I was woken several times by slamming doors in the night. If you get a good room with decent size bathroom this hotel would be a good choice but I didn't so I wouldn't be inclined to return.	
Apr 14 2009 	Very good Hilton	We were a bit nervous having booked this hotel as a 'secret hotel' on Lastminute.com realising it was not in the West End. It is not in Kensington it has to be said! It is at the western end of Holland Park Ave, near to Shepherd's Bush. Having said that, we need not have worried. The hotel is in a pleasant , safe area which is quiet too even though the hotel is on a main road. It is close to Westfields shopping mall, small local shops, good local pubs &amp; tube stations. It has a bus stop immediately outside the front door from where you can catch a variety of buses into the West End in no time at all. With an 'oyster card' a bus journey is £1 and far more interesting than sitting underground! We only stayed for one night but I expect you could walk into Kensington quite easily.The only downside for us was that lastminute had not communicated our reservation to the hotel before we arrived! This could have been a problem as the hotel was very busy but luckily we did get an excellent room for an even better price (approx £60 - bargain!). The receptionist we dealt with was as good as I have ever come across, he sorted out a problem with very little fuss. The staff all had a 5* attitude but were not in the least bit stuffy. You can also eat and drink here without taking out a second mortgage.The hotel has a very pleasant atmosphere and the staff are brilliant - very friendly. Where else would you get a friendly 'hello' when you walk in the door at a large city hotel?! Everyone we came across was helpful and efficient. The room was not huge but very clean, comfortable and more than adequate. Better in fact than many rooms at a much higher price. We would certanly recommend this hotel and return on a future trip.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent hotel great location!	I stayed at Hilton London Kensington for three nights on the Easter week. I found the hotel from the hhonors.com web site, and booked it after reading positive reviews from Tripadvisor.com. Even after all the nice comments from fellow reviewers, I was still positively surprised. The hotel really lived up to all my expectations.Check-in was courteous and quick. I arrived at the hotel at 11 am, and was given a room straight away.My room was on the 3rd floor, and it was overlooking the mechanical plant on the roof. Not much view there, but not a problem either. The room had an OK sized working desk, a king size bed and a lounge chair + small table. All quite comfortable and clean. The décor is modern but comfortable. There was also a flat screen TV, although the picture quality was somewhat poor. The spotless bathroom was standard fare with a bath tub. There is a large safe in the room. I was able to fit my wide-screen laptop + all camera equipment there easily.Breakfast was served in the chic WestEleven restaurant on the ground floor. The buffet had plenty of choices with made-to-order omelets and pancakes. Real nice start for each day.The location of the hotel is great. It’s five minutes’ walk from the Shepherd’s Bush tube station on a quiet residential area. (Note for others who navigate themselves from the tube station to the hotel for the first time: The hotel is on the other side of a large roundabout. Walk from the _left_ side of the roundabout to get to the hotel. It took me some minutes to figure out the streets and find the route to the hotel.) The station is served by the Central line, which offers good access to almost all other tube lines. The hotel is less than two miles from the Paddington station, so if you are arriving on the Heathrow Express, it is only a short cab ride from the station to the hotel.Next to the Shepherd’s Bush station is Westfield London, which is a huge, brand new shopping center. It provides excellent shopping opportunities, and there is also an excellent super market which has a good selection of ready-made meals to take to your hotel room.My only complaint in this hotel is the lack of available power sockets on the working desk area. Unless you unplug the desk light or the alarm clock, there are no power sockets available for all gadgets. This is a typical problem for all the hotels built before the emergence of laptops, cell phones and so forth. Not a major problem, but when you need to charge your phone, laptop and camera all at the same time, there is some organizing to do.All in all, I really liked this hotel. I’m pretty sure to return here next time I’ll be in London. I’ll be happy to recommend this to other travelers, too!	
Apr 1 2009 	fantastic	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Kennsington after being in England and France for two weeks. We try to stay in London for a few days on our way back to Canada. We will be staying here again on our next trip. From the minute we walked to the door we feltwelcomed. Our room was so comfortable and the fresh fruit waiting for us was a real treat. We had spent all day travelling. Breakfast in the morning was the best I had ever had. The best Omlette ever and the coffee was great. Being from Canada, We love our Tim Hortons. Bed was so Comphy, slept like I was at home. We were over looking the front of hotel and was nice and quiet. Staff was great and very helpful. Can't wait to go back. I know what I am getting for Christmas again this year. Oh, by the way a great door man, you are going to love him.	
Mar 27 2009 	Clean and comfortable stay at the Hilton Kensington	We stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 3 nights as a base for a London city break. We travelled to the hotel using the Underground, with the nearest stop being Shepherds Bush just a short walk away. Check in was fast and efficient, the room was small (typical in London) but clean and had recently been refurbished. We had a king size bed, flat screen TV, internet access (charged locally), bath with shower and nice views of the park opposite. We didn't pay for breakfast as it was overpriced but walked over to the Westfield excellent Shopping Centre each morning for food. Only fault with the room was it was quite difficult to sleep with the mini bar buzzing and strange sound of high powered water going on and off all night....after walking around London though it became less and less difficult to sleep!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great hotel great location!	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in February 2009 and were really impressed by it. The location is more Holland Park than Kensington so is also handy for Notting Hill and the hotel was less than a 10 minute walk from Holland Park underground. It's a beautiful part of London and I would love to have had longer there. Our room was lovely with tea and coffee facilities and a really comfortable bed and the breakfast buffet was immense with a wide range of options. The room wasn't cheap but it was very luxurious so worth it for a nice weekend away.	
Mar 22 2009 	Fantastic! Great room and location!	Me and my Fiance booked to stay in the Hilton for 2 nights in March. We didnt pay full price for the room, as Hilton were doing an offer on staying in their hotels over the weekend. We paid about £120 for two nights for two people.The hotel is situated in between Kensington and Shepards Bush and right across from the tube station and a MASSIVE indoor shopping centre, with lots of places to shop and eat-very up market!! If you stayed in the Kensington area on an evening there were some lovely places to eat, and some nice quiet pubs. We only ventured into Shepards Bush once-was not our scene at all, came across as been a bit rough during the day, full of young kids in hoodys....was a bit intimidated during the day nevermind the night.On arrival we were greeted by the door man who was very well spoken and polite.Our room was on the sixth floor, we booked a double room, and our bed was enormous. It was easy a kingsize, with lovely feather pillows and duvet! We had a fridge with everything in it-very highly priced and if you removed something to look at it you got charged whether or not you had it-told reception on check out and they removed it from the bill. The fridge also was warm?!! We had a big phillips plasma screen in our room, a spacious table and mirror, a kettle, with coffee tea sugar and biscuits everyday, a very good hair dryer, ironing board and iron, spacious wardrobe with shelves, lots of cupboard space, lamps. The bathroom was lovely, was very clean.The breakfast was fantastic, everything you could want, hot or cold food both available. Our breakfast was included in the price, but it was £20 each otherwise-bit steep!Was a great place to stop for two nights,would probably stay again, but I don't know if we would pay the full price of around £120 per night to stop there...Just one snag-the air con was broken when we were there, and was not blowing cold air out much. So our room was VERY hot-hotter than being abroad, and i found it very hard to sleep. But this was a technical fault that was being fixed when we checked out. Also, internet was £3 for 15 minutes!	
Mar 12 2009 	certainly a 4 stars hotel with wounderful food and service	my wife,son and I stayed at this hotel in march 2008 and 2009, the room accomodated the 3 of us even though it was not very large. the room was impeccable and the bed very comfortable. the food is worderfull for breakfast and dinner. the meal plan is a bargain. the hotel staff is very helpfull and and very nice. the location is great since it is 5 minute walk from the subway (Holland Park station) or you can enjoy the 2 decker bus (94) which brings you downtown london in a pleasant way since it rides along marble arch and Kensington and Hyde Parks. Since the bus 94 runs 24 hours a day and it stops right in front of the hotel door, it is a very safe way to travel to and from downtown london even at night.In summary, great hotel at a reasonable price for Londopn, great staff , great food and great location which made our 2 trips to London a worderfull experience . WE recommend this hotel to anyone who does not need to stay in the center of the city	
Mar 4 2009 	Great value for London	Stayed at this Hilton with my girlfriend in February 2008. We were in London for 3 nights and the Hilton group had a half-price sale on which equated to paying around £65 a night per room including breakfast. At the price we paid or with some level of discount I would definitely recommend the hotel. At full price, I wouldn't be averse to staying here but I think there are stronger contenders out there.The reviews of this hotel seemed to vary quite significantly so we were unsure what to expect. While everyone is entitled to their own opinion, I found some of the conflicting reviews confusing, particularly on what appeared to be factual matters such as location and distance to the nearest tube station. I thought I'd try and clear this issue up, particularly for those not familiar with London. In essence you will need to define what you want from your trip. If you are looking to stay in London and don't mind taking a short tube or bus trip into the West End this hotel is fine. It is only just outside zone 1 on the tube which I consider to cover Central London. The central line from Shepherds Bush or Holland Park will take you directly into Oxford Circus or Tottenham Court Road which are about 5 or 6 stops away. The area felt safe at night and there were shops and pubs to cater for you in Shepherds Bush and Holland Park, even if neither area offers much for the tourist. If you are really into shopping, the location is unbeatable as the Westfield Centre is a short walk over the road and this includes all of the high street chains and lots of designer stores as well as a number of restaurants.However if you are looking to stay slap bang in the centre of London with tourist attractions in easy walking distance, this hotel will not suit you.If you are looking to stay in Kensington, it is also worth pointing out that the Hilton group's definition of Kensington is obviously broader than mine. This hotel is not in Kensington, it is on the border of Holland Park and Shepherds Bush. They should rename it to reflect this really. The hotel website also directs you to the hotel from Holland Park tube station which is about a 10 minute stroll along Holland Park Avenue. Although this is the most pleasant approach to the hotel, it isn't the nearest tube stop. This is Shepherds Bush which is just the other side of the roundabout. Some reviewers have said the nearest tube is a long way off. I'm not sure if Shepherds Bush was shut for renovation when the shopping centre was built, but this is not a fair comment any longer. To be any closer the hotel would have to be built above an underground station!The hotel itself is ok. It is very busy so be warned if this isn't your thing. There were large queues at breakfast on Saturday and Sunday, although I felt the staff managed the queues well, offering orange juice while we waited. They did also give us prior warning us of this at check-in and they offer guests a bribe of a glass of Bucks Fizz if you go to breakfast before 8am at the weekend. We went down around 9 and had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated which wasn't too bad. It is buffet service and it was well stocked at all times. The only minor irritant is that you have to wait for someone to come to your table so you can order tea and coffee. The sheer numbers meant that you were often waiting ages for someone to ask this or you had to take the initiative and find a staff member yourself. Quick suggestion Hilton: why don't you get the person showing you to the table to take the tea and coffee order at the same time?If you upgrade your room there is a separate breakfast room with no queues on any of the days as far as we could see.The bar was fine although a little pricey as you would expect from hotel bars. We had a standard room. It was quite small but it was perfectly reasonable and it was clean. The bathroom was small but the shower was good. Perhaps if you spend a lot of time in your room you might want to upgrade but it was ok for us.The only drawback for me was the heat. The temperature was fine in the communal areas downstairs but our room and the landing floor felt very warm. I guess this is a personal thing but we had to sleep with the window open and leave it open in the day to keep the temperature reasonable.We had a good experience at this hotel. For the price we paid, you would struggle to find anything of a similar standard in London especially inclusive of breakfast. The value was exceptional. That said at full price and if you were happy staying anywhere in London, you could probably take your pick of chain hotels and I'm yet to see anyone outdo the City Inn Westminster at that sort of budget.	
Mar 4 2009 	Actually very good - but ask for a good room!	After reading other reviews on here we were nervous about booking via lastminute.com on one of their Top Secret hotels (very easy to work out which hotel you will get by checking nearby restaurants!) and getting a very good price - £138 for two nights. This is a good price for London and we were 6 tube stops (18-20 mins) from Oxford Street and the centre of London attractions and sights. We asked for a refurbished room and a King Sized bed on check in and we got one! Our room was on the top floor, very modern and a good size for myself and my wife. I can only assume that other reviews have been for un-modernised rooms or single rooms - as ours was lovely. I travel a lot as part of my job and this room was a typical Hilton with everything you need in the room, a functional bathroom with shower, LCD TV and modern decoration. You could control the air conditioning in the room and we had an iron, ironing board, tea and coffee making and biscuits. You have to request a change of towels and bed sheets - as part of planet saving/cost saving measures - but when you do ask it gets done. Not an issue at all. We took the gamble on what we thought might have been a poor room - on the basis that we would simply be using it as a base while we explored London and the sights. We were, then, very pleasantly surprised. The staff at the hotel were helpful, welcoming but not imposing or in your face too often. We didn't eat or drink in the hotel as we wanted to explore, so cannot comment on this. The bar and restaurant all looked fine though and we never saw any queues for breakfast as we passed by the restaurant entrance each morning. The lifts worked and the internal decoration of the lobby and reception were all good. Location of the hotel was fine. Not within walking distance of any major attractions except for Westfield which is a new shopping centre - think you own indoor shopping centre and triple the size! It is very new and has all the major High Street shops. It also has a lot of bars and restauarants if you do not want to travel by tube to something a little different in the centre. Walking to the tube station (Shepherds Bush) took no more than 5 minutes - even lugging cases and you can see the Hilton sign as soon as you step out of the tube station. SB tube is also new and modern. I know that some of the other reviews are poor. However, our room was modern and clean. Everything worked perfectly and we needed to ask for nothing. As the phrase goes, if you don't ask you don't get - so be clear when you check in what type of room you would like. We had a very relaxing stay, we were happy to travel on the tube each day to see the sights (Zone 1&amp;2 day pass costs £5.60 per person) and did much more than we planned to in just 2nights/3days. Our advice, pay less for a slightly off centre hotel and you can spend the extra seeing the sights - we did this and got to do a lot more as a result. Hotel was excellent. But make sure you ask for a good room and be nice to reception staff when you check in.... ;-)	
Mar 3 2009 	Great central location good hilton standard would recommend!	I stayed here with my partner in Jan 2009 as part of a overnight stay to london to go and see wicked (which was incredible) for our anniversary. We booked this hotel through last minute and were very pleased. The hotel is lovely inside with standard smart reception and a nice bar area with attentive staff. When we checked in we were told we had been put in a twin room, however the staff on reception were very good and changed our reservation to a king room (inside room) straight away. The room was of a good Hilton standard and the bed was very comfortable. The only issue I had was the shower was wall mounted and quite low. I'm only 5ft 6 but I did have to contort myself a little to get it to spray on my head Like some of the other reviewers had said, we paid £10 pp additionally for the breakfast but it was well worth it and despite our breakfast being on a sunday morning also, the breakfast manager was prompt and efficient.We used Notting Hill Gate Tube stop as our nearest one- I guess this Hilton does count as Kensington, although is not accessed from the two kensington (South Ken and High St Ken) tube stops if you are looking to be near to attractions by these......Despite that, its in a central zone, close to the tube and the room/breakfast/service was great. would recommend!	
Mar 2 2009 	loved the hotel and staff were fab!	Stayed from the 27th february for 3 nights on a birthday celebration weekend. From the moment we arrived we experienced an extremely high level of customer service, from the concierge (Rachid - an amazing man!), the waiters, porters, reception staff(gosia) and colleagues. Nothing was too much trouble. We were upgraded to an executive room and found the executive lounge was perfect too. As it was my friends birthday, they surprised us with wine and fruit delivered to room and at dinner they brought out a cake and sang happy birthday! I have already recommended it to all my other friends and have booked to go back in may! excellent Hotel!	
Mar 1 2009 	9 out of 10?	A few years ago we stayed in this Hotel courtesy of a special offer which included the famous Hilton buffet breakfast (where you basically eat until you burst at the seams!). I remember thinking disappointedly, that the Hotel had seen better days - indifferent personnel, tired rooms, bathrooms with cracked tiles and peeling plaster... I also remember I wasn't in a hurry to book another stay! The next few years I stayed away from the Hilton group mainly because of a distinct lack of reasonable deals that I could get much better elsewhere on the Internet. Then this year I needed to come to London for a few days in January and saw by chance, that the Hilton were doing a good weekend-only deal of approx. £65 per night including full brekkie. Great! Adjacent to Holland Pk. underground station on the central line, this Hotel was perfectly situated for my needs but after my previous experience, I was unsure whether to stay there again in spite of the cheap price. Sometimes I think it's better to pay a bit extra and get a bit of extra quality in return. I must say, I needn't have worried and was very pleasantly surprised. In the intervening years, this branch has obviously had a major make-over. The reception and 24hr bar were both new and smart. To one side of the bar were 4 PC's and for quieter preferences there was a separate computer booth a few yards away. I recall that the surfing rates were not even as extortionate as they usually are...I can't remember exactly but something like £3.00 for 30mins, anyway a lot cheaper than other hotels I've stayed in, that's for sure and OK for emergencies as I didn't notice any internet cafes nearby which is hardly surprising as Holland Park is undoubtedly an upmarket area. Even the bar seemed to have reasonable prices for both drinks and food (including the dessert menu for sweet tooths like me) and was packed out on the Saturday night. The rooms were newly re-furbished and although small-ish (the bed took up most of the room), were super-clean and modern with dark wood furnishings. The bathroom was also scrupulously clean. My only grumble was being shower-only, hence no bath, it was small-ish too and a bit more space to maneouvre would have been nice. However space abounded in the shower which took up one whole side of the wall with sliding glass door that completely sealed in the heat and moisture and was spotless - no cracked tiles, no rusting chrome fittings (my pet hate) - perfect! One of the best showers I've experienced! All done to a high-spec - all taps and fixtures etc were by Grohe, one of the best makes for bathrooms. Luxury toiletries by Evelyn &amp; Crabtree too. On to breakfast....well it consists of everything you could possibly want and more which spells disaster for your waistline! You name it, it's available. And you can have as much or as little as you want. I found that the Sunday was obviously very busy as EVERYBODY wants a leisurely Sunday breakfast, don't they? When we descended to the breakfast room there was a queue right out the door, however it went down surprisingly quick and you were not kept waiting long. This was largely due to the very efficient breakfast manager who kept a beady eye on his staff and didn't miss a thing, also finding time to be charming and attentive to the guests...something I hadn't seen at any Hilton (except the Hilton Glasgow Grosvenor) until now. Food was of a good, fresh standard with the added nice touch of an Omelette Chef who cooked your eggs to order at the moment. On a side note, some joker had obviously turned up the toasting machine way too high and soon the air was permeated with the smell of bread burnt to absolute cinders that people seemed to accept and eat anyway instead of turning the heat down! If something ran out, you only had to mention it and it was immediately replenished. There were free newspapers too although bizarrely, I was unable to find the TV page. For some reason there wasn't one which I found annoying. Nevertheless, I have to say I had a totally relaxing and pampered weekend - all the more so because it was totally unexpected. If you are looking for something more intimate and boutique then maybe this doesn't quite hit the mark but they succeeded in being much less corporate and more caring which is no small feat! The area is pretty spot-on too. It's a 5 minute walk from the Underground or several buses from the trendy Notting Hill area (about 1 mile away) stop right outside the Hotel which is hightly convenient. Plus I noticed some great tea-rooms inc. Patisserie Valerie (nobody does cakes and pastries better than the Brits!), an express-style Tesco's supermarket (although I prefer Sainsbury's), the obligatory Pub and a sprinkle of various funky shops and boutiques, all on the brief stretch of road from the Tube station towards the hotel which makes for a pleasant walk while window-shopping. I believe that going the opposite way ut of the hotel leads to a recently constructed shopping city called Westfield, however I didn't explore it further as I'm not a shopping mall kind of person, whatever the shops.So to the vote...I give this Hotel 9 out of 10. Why not 10 out of 10 you ask? Because perfection is nigh on impossible but when I stayed there, it came pretty close :-)	
Feb 17 2009 	Excellent location for new shopping centre	A typcial 4 star Hilton with nothing out of the ordinary. Casual dining was busy but the restaurant was empty on a Tuesday night. A few things missing in the room, bottle opener, some toiletries but comfortable enough. Check-in was pleasant and efficient but I saw queues quite frequently. The gym is small but equipment was in good condiiton.The location for the Shepherds Bush overground and underground lines is excellent, just a couple of minutes walk. The hotel is virtually across the road from the new Westfield shoping centre which is excellent (De Beers, Tiffany, Dior, Prada as well as main high street stores).	
Feb 11 2009 	Not the normal Hilton Standards I expect get a grip Hilton Kensington	The hotel is in Shepherd's Bush not Kensington, not that that mattered to me. Me and my partner decided to stay at this hotel as we got a last minute half price deal, as it was her birthday and the hotel had leisure facilities.First impressions of the hotel were very good not a bad location, nice reception and bar area very modern and clean. However there was a constant que at reception and for the concierge desk this regulalrly meant a 10 -15 minute wait. The staff were very friendly and trying hard, but clearly not enough of them.The room was clean, niclely decorated and furnished, although the room was tiny and without a bath !!Went to use the sauna and steam room early morning, three hours after it was due to open and neither were warm. Both were filthy dirty with large build ups of body fat. The poor lighting and steam must have covered up the filth very well. This clearly had not been cleaned properly for weeks if not months. I immediately raised this issue with the Manager who agreed it was filthy dirty and he stated it was meant to be cleaned daily but he could see this had not happend for some time. Also there was no jacuzzi or water facilities. The gym was small but nicley appointed with basic equipment.The Manager gave us an upgrade to the executive lounge for breakfast, glad he did after seeing a 100 plus que for the standard breakfast lounge.The executive lounge had two members of staff who were clearing tables and working very hard. We had to ask for side plates, glasses, milk and butter, not really acceptable for the Hilton.The full english was lacking, no beans, no hash browns and poor quality bacon all served just about warm !! If you just simply want a room to sleep the night it's probably ok if you don't mind queing and waiting a long time for a cold Breakfast !!If I paid the full price, I would feel like that I had been Robbed !!Previously stayed at the Holiday Inn Kensington which is far superior in every way.	
Feb 3 2009	cant understand negative reviews	stayed for 2 nights, got a brilliant online rate and stayed in a executive suite. First impressionof the room was a bit small for an executive but it had been recently refurbished and was very clean with a big flatscreen tv and nice decor it had a well stocked mini bar with iron + board and a decent hairdryer!!! when you go executive you get acces to the exec lounge which provides free drinks and food (6-8pm) also you get a free breakfast the lounge is open 24hrs a day where you can get tea/coffee/cold drinks, also there is an am/pm bar where they serve drinks and food i thought they could have done better with the decor and i found it quite expensive i found all the staff very helpful. if your thinking of staying at this hotel book online you will save a lot of money	
Feb 2 2009 	smalles hotel room...	We booked a one night stay at the Hilton Kensington for end January. The room was one of the smallest ever, with the bathroom being equally minute. It was however nicely decorated and we were only using it as a base for sightseeing. The breakfast was excellent and inluded in our package price. The Hotel is not however near enough to Kensington, it is however perfectly placed for the new London shopping mall, which is only five minutes walk away.	
Feb 2 2009 	Average for a Hilton	We booked this hotel at the end on January 2009 with a good deal from Lastminute.com, which we were glad of because for a Hilton this is definitely of the lower-end, not up to standards of Hilton's I've stayed in before.Having said this, it wasn't bad, just not the high standards expected. It still beats a Travelodge etc etc and the price was good to reflect this. If I'd paid full price though I'd have been disappointed.Location is the otherside of a large island from the massive brand new shopping complex - Westfield - which for shoppers is heaven! Shepherds Bush tube and station are there too which are brand new so very convenient.The 148 bus stops directly outside the hotel also which for £2 is cheaper and more convenient that the tube to get to Park Lane / Marble Arch / Victoria etc.The standard rooms are fairly small, but do have everything you need and were clean. However the AirCon in our room was either not working or just basically rubbish, so our room was very hot and uncomfortable the first night, but we had the window open all day the 2nd day so it was cooler the following night.Breakfast was very nice, although as it was so busy you do have to queue to be seated, at one stage there was probably about 100 people in the queue (luckily we'd got there just before the large group)All in all this hotel is fine if you get it cheap, but full price it's not worth it there are better hotels.	
Jan 30 2009 	Not a business hotel and poor Hilton standards	The hotel is not somewhere I'd recommend to anyone, particularly business travellers. The building is in desperate need of renovation, which they happened to be doing in the hallways while I was staying there. As a result, there was dust everywhere, the lifts broke, and we were forced to take the stairs. The room was clean enough, but tiny - the smallest I've seen in London. The bathroom was ridiculously small with broken fittings, and I could hardly fit in the shower. I was shocked to find the hotel only offered wired internet access, despite promoting wifi. Wifi is only available in the lobby, and I'm hardly going to hold a webconference there. The ethernet cable was about 30cm long, which didn't allow me to move my laptop at all around the bedroom. Paying 15 GBP daily for wired internet seems excessive and rather outdated. I'd happily pay that amount for wireless.I've stayed in 3 star hotels that are much nicer than this, and even some 2-stars that are nicer. This does not deserve 4-star status.It was particularly frustrating that when the hotel staff asked my opinion of the hotel at checkout, and I replied honestly that I was decidedly unimpressed, they barely acknowledged my response and didn't offer an apology.I won't stay there again and will ask my company to take them off their preferred hotel list.	
Jan 27 2009 	Should be Hilton Shepherd's Bush	Hotel is not in Kensington, it's next to Shepherd's Bush train station. Still very convenient for the tube though. Hotel service was disappointing the front desk initially refused to give us our breakfast despite the booking form stating breakfast was included three times. Eventually had to ask for the manager to resolve this.Bar was disappointing with all the draught beers not available one night.Room was small but fine and very clean.	
Jan 26 2009	OK but not central	The Kensington Hilton is a nondescript building situated at the very edge of central London. The Kensington and the Notting Hill districts are within walking distance, but anything else requires a trip by taxi, tube, or bus into the city center, which can take anything from 15 to 30 minutes. This has to be factor for those who are staying in London as tourists.However the hotel is significantly cheaper than most hotels nearer the center. I found the reception staff courteous and helpful. The public areas are spacious and pleasant, with a discreetly contemporary design. My room was small with rather drab furnishings and carpeting. The bathroom was quite ordinary but clean. All quite OK, but nothing special. I did not use the restuarant.Internet connections are available in the room but at a scandalously high charge. This is typical for most British hotels -- the Brits seem to regard the internet as a precious resource akin to gold or platinum, to be rationed carefully and expensively at all times. (Don't even THINK about using the internet facilties at London airports!) Worse, the Hilton's internet service has a puritanical cyber nanny that blocks huge numbers of websites as being too naughty for guests. I discovered this when it blocked an art gallery website because the word &quot;nude&quot; appeared on the site. Out of curiousity I tried a few other sites with clinical words like &quot;scrotum&quot; and &quot;circumcision&quot; and those got blocked too. What makes this tyranny all the more bizarre is that the hotel provides pornography channels on the room TV, so guests can wallow in depravity in one medium but not the other. Go figure.Transport into central London is straightforward -- a straight run from Holland Park Ave to Oxford Street. The bus is slowest but provides the best views over Hyde Park and other sights if you sit upstairs. Taxis are expensive. The tube has a fiendishly complicated fare structure, because unlike virtually every other urban mass transit system in the world, it charges by distance rather than a flat rate. To save yourself the hassle, buy an Oyster Card at the tube station -- this calculates the price automatically and saves you money too.Tourist tips: A double decker round-London sightseeing bus picks up passengers opposite the hotel -- this is an excellent way for visitors to get an overview of this wonderful city. And take a walk to nearby Holland Park. This lovely park was originally a country estate and is full of charm and surprises -- well worth a visit!	
Jan 14 2009	Good	I booked this hotel at a discount rate as they were doing refurbishment works in the reception area so my review is probably skewed by the fact that the price was good (and I was on a high floor away from the noise). The room was surprisingly spacious. Only problems with room:Bed uncomfortable (ask for twin not double);Room not well cleaned after last occupant (but subsequent cleaning was good);Thermostat not very sensitive.Otherwise all the staff I spoke to were helpful and friendly. I promptly got a replacement extra fridge when I asked for it as the mini-bar fridge is computerised so you can't rearrange it. Also for those who are not familiar with London the hotel is located very near Sheperd's Bush underground and the new (huge) Westfield shopping centre. Holland Park tube is further away and you need to walk through Holland Park or catch a bus for High Street Kensington. It would probably be better to rename it Hilton Westfield or Sheperd's Bush.	
Jan 13 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	We booked the Hilton Kensington at short notice and received a very favourable nightly rate. We assumed the accommodation would be bog standard and our expectations were not particularly high. On arrival, we were impressed at the facilities in the hotel, a nice bar and restaurant, a large reception area, shop, and a gym. Check in was straightforward and quick. The room itself was situated on the 7th floor. It was expansive and beautifully decorated. It was also very clean. The staff were very friendly and you were greeted with at least 4 &quot;hellos&quot; on route from your room to the front door. The service at breakfast was excellent and the buffet was well stocked. It didn't affect us, but some of the late risers had to wait a while for a table. The hotel is handy for Shepherd's Bush tube station - definitely the closest one. There is also a large shopping centre just across the road. If you're looking for the nearest shops and eateries - again, head past Shepherd's Bush tube station and you'll find shops and restaurants.	
Jan 6 2009 	This is a Hilton?	The hotel is an uphill 4-5 block walk to the nearest tube station which is not what is advertised. The hotel can be noisy as it is located at an intersection. It was clean but needs some renovations.The restuarant prices were absurd...even for London. I would not stay here again as it was not worth the $200/ night. I think a B&amp;B would be better for our next trip.	
Dec 30 2008 	business minded below Hilton standard	We stayed for 2 nights while at conference in London, our second visit for same purpose. Our room was very small, and only had a shower and no bath. Very disapointing for a Hilton hotel. It was however very clean and comfortable. We had dinner included on the first night, small portions but ok, nothing special. Whole place seems to revolve more round business clientele, and certainly would not recommend for a couple break for instance. It's also a long walk (relatively) from nearest tube, especially if it's raining.	
Dec 27 2008 	Kensington Hilton: Just OK	Stayed here for over a week over the 2008 Christmas period. As a Hilton Gold Member, I opted for the free internet service rather than the breakfast. Paying £15 for non WiFi internet for 24 hours would have been too galling and I'm always too tired to get up to stand in the long breakfast lines.Anyway, the hotel is located right next to the new Westfield Mall at Sheperd's Bush, just one hundred yards away. Great for shopping and several restaurants under cover. Head in the opposite direction for a ten minute walk and you're in Notting Hill and the edge of Hyde Park (good for power walking) or 2 minutes away to Holland Park itself and the upmarket neighborhood which surrounds it.This Hilton has a modern feel, with plenty of room in the lobby and a bar/restaurant open all hours. The lifts/elevators made a dreadful racket as you're going up and down, so I've taken to vigorously crossing myself each time I come and go to my room.Speaking of tiny spaces: that's what the rooms are like (on the 3rd floor at least). Once the queensize bed has been thrown in there's not much room for anything else except a de minimis desk and chest of drawers. The bathroom is relatively tight as well. Sadly no U.S. plug transformers as in other Hiltons (but the concierge tossed me one when I asked) and not enough electrical connections in general. It's all well decorated but the mattress was so soft I thought it was a water bed at first.The gym, too, is smallish with a TV for entertainment, a couple of treadmills, an elliptical and a few other machines, but it's adequate. Unfortunately it's underground so no windows and to get in you have to go to the concierge each time for a key.A nice touch are the free newspapers (FT, London Times, USA Today) at the entrance, and the presence of a sundries store in the lobby which is remarkably well stocked (but no shoelaces !). There are a couple of concierges, but one was very rude to my super-polite wife when she asked a question , referring to her as &quot;Your Majesty&quot;. Stupid and unecessary.Paid about £100 a night on average + 14% in taxes, which was about right. Would I go back ? Probably not because the area is not too interesting (except for the mall).	
Dec 26 2008 	poorly situated 	The hotel is in the middle of nowhere, and far from the tube or any attractions. The rooms are dull, and placing 3 rotten apples addressed to someone else (seriously!) in a bowl doesn't really liven them up. The restaurant is mediocre and hugely overpriced,But the worst thing about this hotel is the staff. It would be charitable to call them rude and incompetent. Example: One day my key stopped working. Rather than accompany me to my room, where my passport would have confirmed that it was my room, the staff found it easier to imagine all kinds of nefarious scenarios explaining why I would want to break in to my own room.Probably the worst experience I've ever had.	
Dec 17 2008 	Can you spell srvice? Neither can they.	It really wasn't terrible, but it was close. The location was fine (at least for my nearby business meetings), but as the cabbie pointed out, it is not in Kensington. The room was clean and comfortable, though a bit noisy. The only real problem there was that even with the heat off and the window open it was impossible to keep the temperature at a reasonably cool level.The real problem, though, was the service. Beginning with check-in, extending through the breakfast buffet, the lobby bar and housekeeping, and ending with check-out *every*thing was incredibly slow. In both bar &amp; restaurant, the problem was not staffing level, but staff assignments. There were a large number of &quot;suits&quot; busily supervising a very small number of actual workers. And even the supervision seemed to be entirely oblivious to waiting customers. I sat in the bar for almost 15 minutes before being noticed and watched at least one other party give up and leave. Getting coffee *with* (as opposed to after) breakfast proved to be beyond their capabilities. And if you do end up here for breakfast, just skip the omelettes. The omelette cook is also responsible for replenishing the rest of the breakfast buffet, leaving the omelettes to dry out (or worse).Normal housekeeping service was fine, but a special request (&quot;We'll be right up, sir!&quot;) took 45 minutes and a follow-up call.Slow service at check-in and check-out seemed to be a matter of competence rather than staffing. One particular clerk seemed to be responsible for all of the delay action. Unfortunately, he was the senior person and assigned to the HHonors desk.	
Dec 14 2008 	An excellent base from which to see London	I took my wife away overnight to London to see a show and stayed at the Kensington Hilton. It was really convenient as the Oxford Tube (bus) stopped right outside and collected us again the next day. Initially I was a little apprehensive as the hotel looks like a 1970s monstrosity, however, on entering I was pleasantly surprised. It became a really spacious, clean and welcoming hotel with excellent staff (especially Rashid the concierge who helped with bus routes and directions etc etc). Our room was an executive room (6035) which was really nice if a little small with tea/coffee making facilities, flatscreen TV with freeview, safe, internet connection, en-suite, mini bar etc etc. Ice making facility in corridor for the provided ice bucket (Hint - take own champagne). My wife curiously removed an item from the fridge before returning it and although it is automated we were not charged (as previous review). The room was not ready as we arrived early but our luggage was stored with the concierge until we returned. We had access to the executive lounge and breakfast included. The breakfast was lovely with lots of choice. I ate this morning at 0900hrs and it is now 2000hrs and I am still full. We did not eat here during the evening so cannot comment other than to say the room service menu looked a little extortionate. Our sleep was interrupted by morons messing about in the corridor and adjoining rooms all night following a Christmas party on the ground floor but apart from this we had a really good time for just £99 per night which was very reasonable for what we got (this was one of their deals). Just over the road was the new Westfield shopping centre which was great for Christmas shopping but not for my credit card. We will definately be returning as it was an excellent base from which to see London using the £3.50 all day bus rover type ticket. It is best to arrive by public transport as parking was £37 overnight and the hotel is within the congestion charge area. Look out for deals to make this a superb visit to London.	
Dec 14 2008 	Had a wonderful time	Had a brilliant weekend with friends. Hotel in a great location, good transport connections from this area to central London. Lovely room with every facility - great choice at breakfast and enjoyed a very nice evening meal on the first night. Booked afternoon tea at the Ritz on the second night and it was absolutely gorgeous, would highly recommed it as a special treat. Fantastic shopping centre just opened - opposite the Hotel - amazing selection of shops. All staff very helpful especially the consierge - oh and if anyone finds a silver diamond and pearl earring anywhere in the hotel - its mine ! Thanks.	
Dec 12 2008 	Good Enough For Us	We arrived early in the morning (about 9am) and was granted an early check in by the hotel receptionist.Check in was a breeze and service was average.We were given a room on the 1st floor facing the main road. Room size was reasonable for the price we paid in our opinion. Tea and coffee facilites together with some butter shortbread biscuits are provided FOC in the hotel room. Toiletries were also provided in the reasonably clean bathroom. Room heater took some time to heat up the room though. Basic tv channels including a thai channel and a (i'm guessing) Dubai channel was available.Hotel was situated about 10 mins walk away from the tube. Along the way there were some cafes and a tesco which we bought our H2O from.Alternatively, the concierge told us that if we took a bus (can't rem the number) from the bus stop infront of the hotel, it would take us to Picadilly Circus. Tried it and it costs 2 pounds per person. Better off getting the day pass from the tube for 5+ pounds for unlimited number of trips within zone 1-2.The area surrounding Hilton was very safe as we noticed plenty of upmarket cars parked along the streets. There were also police vehicles patrolling the streets around 6+ pm.Overall, a value for money hotel that we would gladly stay at again during our next trip!	
Dec 8 2008	Great for sightseeing	I've just returned from a weekend break with friends and found this hotel to be ideal for our needs. We arrived around 1pm and were in our rooms within 15 minutes of arriving. Our room (a twin overlooking the street) was spotless, if a little small, but we were only using it to sleep so size wasn't really an issue. The bathroom was quite spacious and there were complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer. The beds were really comfortable - I suffer from back problems and I slept like a baby in this one!Breakfast was included in the rate (which was booked through work so I got a really great deal) and was enough to keep us going all day. The staff were really friendly, especially the concierge who was most helpful with directions etc. It's close to the tube station and handy for all the sights and shops.I've read mixed reviews about this hotel but I would not hesitate to recommend it for a short break. We had a great time and can't wait to go back in the spring.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Stay!	My 8 year old niece and I stayed at this hotel Nov 22-29. The room was clean and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and took the extra step with my niece. When we checked in the reception clerk spoke to my niece and made her feel welcome too since this was her first trip to London. They also were quick to answer any questions we had about the local area. It was about a 10 minute walk to the tube station. There were a lot of shops and places to eat. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to London and would stay here again. Good job!	
Nov 30 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!	I have stayed in hundreds of hotels over the years all over the country mainly through work. This was possibly the worst I have ever stayed in.The rooms were well furnished and comfortable but very small. This was the only positive point!The a la carte menu on Friday night was just horrendous. We spoke to many people on the same night and they all thought exactly the same.The food was the worst I have ever experienced. It was buffet style for the main course. It was cold, dried out and tasteless! Absolutely disgusting! We hardly ate any of it.The breakfast the following morning was just as bad, luke warm at best and we had to wait 10 minutes for plates!!The service from the staff was dreadful too. I asked two people for a tea and coffee, waited 10 minutes and it had still not arrived so had to ask for a third time.One couple we spoke to that had arrived on Friday night found blood in their sink and toilet. The room had not been cleaned prior to their arrival.There also appeared to be a lot of people complaining about items going missing. A Nintendo DS and mobile phone for example.Also, the cost - 5 pounds for a bottle of water! 9 pounds for the cheapest glass of wine. 33 pounds for a steak - GET REAL!!Oh, and if you move any item in your mini bar, even if you dont take it out and use it - You will be charged!!	
Nov 27 2008 	Nice hotel	For 80 gbp it was quite good value for a double with breakfast, and breakfasts in Hilton are excellent. From outside it doesn't look so great, but rooms are nice and it's clean.	
Nov 25 2008 	value for money if below 100 GBP/night	If you get a special rate or some deal which allows you to book this hotel below 100 pounds/night, then go. If it's more expensive - choose another.The positive sides: spacious rooms, aqequate location (you can reach city center in 15-20 minutes), safe area, good breakfast.The negatives: dusty carpets, old furniture, mostly indian staff, which hardly speaks english. I felt myself very strange when trying to explain that I need semisweet wine, not dry. The waiter couldn't understand the word &quot;semisweet&quot; and kept asking me &quot;Sweets? You need some sweets, sir?&quot;.I'd recommend City Inn Westminster or any of Park Inns. They are of the same price but of a much higher quailty.	
Nov 24 2008	Friendly staff expensive internet	Hilton London Kensington is located between beautiful Notting Hill and the new Westfield Shopping Centre - a prime location in London. However it's a bit far to walk to the next tube station. The staff is very friendly, the rooms warm, cozy and up to Hilton standards. Internet is 15 GBP per day, which is way too much given that a mobile internet flatrate for your Laptop costs the same. Otherwise nothing to complain about!	
Nov 23 2008 	Value for money	Booked short break under a secret deal and got 2 nights room only for 2 at this deluxe hotel for £138. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Room was adequate for a short break.Only disappointment was a twin room and no doubles available. However staff did offer an upgrade to an executive suite at £50 per night.If traveling by tube get off at Shepards Bush as its nearer than Holland Park.Close by is t he new WESTFIELD shopping complex which at night is magnificent.	
Nov 20 2008	Pleasant stay	Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status. O.K., he didn't really guilt me, I jumped at the chance, but 4 hotels in four nights? This was a nice hotel in a residential section on the border of Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush. It is a quick 5-8 minute walk from the Tube station and really quiet. The rooms are small, but adequate. The bedding was comfortable. There is a nice gym with some weight machines, dumbells and several aerobic machines in the basement. The concierge desk was quite helpful and arrangements were completed quickly. The entire staff smiled and were quite friendly. Overall, a good value.	
Nov 3 2008 	Top Location	Great location, only 10 mins to Oxford St, across the road from the largest Urban shopping centre in Europe. 5 minute walk to tube station.The Hotel and Staff were excellent.	
Oct 29 2008 	Holland Park handy base	The Hotel is in Holland Park, handy for the tube and a 15 minute walk to Kensington High Street.We arrived early and were able to check-in straight away. Room was small but comfortable - we were offered breakfast at £10 , rather than £19 .Had a drink in the bar and bit steep for a glass of champagne- £10 plus 10% service charge to put it on the tab.That aside , the staff were excellent , location excellent and very comfortable beds- see what people mean about doors banging but no big deal.Decent hotel.	
Oct 28 2008 	Nice Stay	I saw this hotel on Hotukdeals website and snapped it up for £60 BB for two adults. For those of you who know London Hotels that is a steal!Parked outside London and got the tube to Holland Park and booked in early..i would not reccomend parking at the hotel as the price is steep and you must pay the congestion charge also.I was checked in although no rooms were ready (as i expected) but i did check in my luggage for FREE with the Conc'.Returned after a fantastic day in Camden Town and Covent Garden to pick up our Key Card and retire for the night.Room was clean and 'compact' (the size expected from London Hotels) - modern decor and nice big LCD at the foot of the bed to watch MOTD on.....perfect.Nice hot shower in the morning and a big breakfast (mine was included in my tariff but i would of baulked a bit at £20 a head!!).Checked out and skipped out feeling good!!Staff were friendly and helpful especially Georgina who answered every email enquiry before my visit within minutes.When the deal comes round again i will book into here for sure...	
Oct 22 2008 	great location	We stayed for 4 nights in a room overlooking the street at the front of the hotel. It was smaller in size compared to Australian hotels but large compared to other London hotels. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff were helpful and very busy with the huge number of guests. The location of the hotel is great with tourist buses leaving across the road from the hotel entrance - (hop on hop off buses). The tube station is an easy walk from the hotel passing lots of shops on the way. Breakfast was buffet style very busy and hard to find a seat.	
Oct 16 2008 	Lovely Lovely lovely	I was staying at this hotel for 1 night with my sister. The hotel was well decorated, clean and with a welcoming atmosphere. We got into our room an hour and a half before check in and had a lovely stay. I would recomend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 14 2008 	pleasant 1 week stay	we arrived at the hotel after an overnight flight and were able to check in to our room at 10:30 am. the room was on the executive level, 6th floor, and very clean and comfortable. our room was near the elevator so we did not notice the slamming door sounds as much as other reviewers. and the elevator is very quiet! since we are hilton diamond, we had access to the exec lounge for free breakfast, cocktails and snacks in the evening, and coffee, water, sodas throughout the day. the neighborhood is beautiful. holland park is nearby with the kyoto gardens, lots of children and moms, and dog walkers - a very pleasant park. between the hotel and the holland park tube station are some good neighborhood restaurants and shops. bus stop is right outside - we loved sitting upstairs right in front on the bus! all hotel staff were effecient and friendly. and the price was right at under 100 pounds per night booked on the hilton website!	
Oct 14 2008 	loved it	Very nice hotel. We stayed there for eight nights in October 2008, and we have no complaints. Food was great, location was great--great public transportation near by, buses just outside, and the tube a five minute walk. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Before travelling I read some of the negative reviews--and I am very perplexed as to their nature. The rooms are fair size for London, and everything in the room worked just fine. Breakfast was great, huge selection. We had a dinner and breakfast package, and dinner is a nice selection of a three course meal-- I highly recommend it. You might hear at night people coming back into their rooms in the hallway--but it's very minor and the hotel is very quiet at night. In conclusion: don't let the negative reviews influence you, it's a great hotel in a very good location.	
Oct 5 2008 	great hotel	Stayed for 1 night at Kensington and found no problem at all. Arrived early morning and asked if I could leave my luggage while I went to conference and was able to check into my room. Room very clean and recently refurbished.Breakfast was excellent the next morning, plenty of choice and all fresh and very nice.Yes there was a bit of noise as people came back to their rooms in the evening but surely this is to be expected when staying in a London hotel!!	
Oct 1 2008	Terrible Terrible Terrible	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE....Hi.. Just did a 1 month tour of Southern Europe, then GB and Ireland, and at the end of the bus tour we were dumped in the Kensington Hilton! It was part of the tour package, so it wasnt our choice... all the places we stayed in during the tour were fine, they all had their ups and downs... BUT, but this place!! it looks lovely when you enter the foyer, and that is where the 'lovely' all ends... small, dirty, discusting substandard accomodation, and breakfast provided was not edible. We planned to meet English friends for breakfast one morning, but it was far too embarrasing to put them through it... so we eat out. I could go on, but if this is enough to warn people about booking here, it's enough. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE....	
Sep 30 2008 	Hell At The Hilton Kensington	I’ve never written a review in my life and have never had a reason to complain about services. I generally have empathy for people working within the hospitality industry as it gets hectic and difficult at times, but my recent hotel stay at the Hilton Kensington has been the worst hotel experience I’ve ever had and need to express my frustrations in this review!Staff: The reception desk managers are incompetent, arrogant and wouldn’t know what the word customer service meant if it slapped them in the face. They’re NOT helpful at all! They do not make you feel welcomed or accommodated in any form. It appears to be a strenuous and difficult task to provide any level of service, so they’ve chosen to stick with rude and inept!I would have been fine if the hotel facilities weren’t up to scratch and the staff were friendly as it makes all the difference to a tired traveler, but since the Hilton Kensington failed miserably in being friendly and professional, I’ve decided to include the other issues with the hotel that I came acrossHotel Facilities:As for the hotel the rooms, they’re smaller than small and claustrophobic. Bathrooms smallest I’ve ever seen, you’ve more room in the cupboard! Hotel looks aged and dated.Room service meals are extremely over priced and disgusting (spaghetti served with lettuce in the mince, with a side of mustard, mayonnaise and tomato sauce???????? Or a ?20 breakfast that is dismal and usually nothing available). Believe me take the time to walk five minutes up the road and buy some real food for ¼ of the price. If you’re staying for business don’t intent to get much sleep, it’s noisy and doors slam constantly, and pack water for your epic journey to your room, usually with your bags as they don’t carry them to your room either!House keeping clean the rooms differently each day some day’s they replace the products some days they don’t, guess it depends how they feel on the day. I think you’d have a better stay in 3 Star rather than the ‘Horrible Hilton Kensington!’ The Oxford definition of Hospitality: The friendly and generous treatment of guests or strangers. The Hilton definition of Hospitality: We’ve got your money now go up to your box and don’t bother us!! We’re busy being rude to new customers.I will never stay at another Hilton hotel as long as I live, I will recommend the hotel to be delisted from my company as a preferred hotel and at any given opportunity when I hear that someone is intending to stay in any Hilton hotel tell them of my experience!	
Sep 23 2008 	Brilliant	This is a very good hotel in a very expensive city. Room service is as you would expect from a Hilton property.We have stayed here on a few occasions and would definitely stay again. There are 2 tube stations nearby, the closest being Shepherds Bush which is only the other side of the intersection. There's also a cinema and some restaurants locally too.It's always one of the cheaper Hilton hotels in London, so if you can get an Advance Purchase rate you will not find a better hotel in London for the price.Also I should mention that the management were very kind and accommodating to us when we couldn't travel due to a family bereavement. They comp'd us the 2 nights we had paid for on our next visit. Absolutely top class.	
Sep 23 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We had arranged to meet several friends at this hotel to celebrate my husbands birthday - everything was great, all rooms were good, a wonderful range of breakfast items and we also had dinner in the Restaurant - we had a table of 12 and the restaurant staff were wonderful - they explained the contents of the menu, (many hotels the waiting staff have no idea what they are serving) They brought out my husbands birthday cake and all the restaurant staff along with 4 chefs came to our table to sing happy birthday. The staff certainly made our break very memorable. Will definately be staying here again.	
Sep 17 2008	Not For Me	Had two separate stays here on business and sampled many rooms. I had asked for a quiet room, and to be brutally honest, I don't think there are any in this hotel. Probably the loudest slamming doors ever along the seemingly endlessly long corridors. Some rooms refurbished - some not, some rooms are absolutely tiny with the smallest shower facilities I've seen in a hotel.Internet expensive (even in the lobby), good gym - no pool. Decent help yourself breakfast was included for me, but looked extremely expensive at nearly £20 if it was extra. You need to eat a lot of food for that.Although it's the Kensington Hilton, it's right next to the Shepherds Bush roundabout. The whole area will have a very different feel about it from November when a massive Shopping Centre opens (and the nearest tube station reopens as well).If you're using the bus to get into the West End, at least you can get a seat before all the other tourists get on at Notting Hill and Queensway- they'll have to stand.	
Sep 15 2008 	Fantastic holiday	I stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. The room was spacious and the bed extremely comfortable. The main restaurant is expensive but the food is well worth the price.The only issue that we had was that the nearest tube station was closed for refurbishment, meaning that we had a 10-15 minute walk to the next station. Obviously this is not the fault of the hotel but it would have been beneficial to have been informed of this when checking in.	
Sep 11 2008 	Clean but musty	We choose this hotel because it was the only Hilton we could afford....at $300 per night. While it certainly doesn't compare to what you'd get for $300 in the U.S., it wasn't too bad. The room was recently refurbished, so it was clean, but there was a musty smell about the place. The worst part is the room doors aren't sound proof...they have a 1/2 inch gap between the door and floor, so anytime someone came or left, you could hear the door slam down the hall.	
Sep 10 2008 	Still a great place to stay	I used to virtually live here Monday to Friday a couple of years ago.Got used to the regulars in the old Exec lounge up on the top floor.This hotel has a nice friendly, homely feel but was always a bit worn out. Revisited after a year away and they have done a superb job with the room refurbishments!the Executive lounge has been relocated to the ground floor an although I miss the cosy 7th floor lounge it used to be a bit cramped.The new exec lounge is a definate success! Nice to still have windows and has a lovely feel to it when inside. Much better than the misake of the move of the Glasgow Hilton where they moved the lounge from a light and airy upstairs floor to a dungeon of a basement room - yuk.Will always look to stay at this hotel when visiting London. Avoid walking to Shepherds Bush late at night - always turn right out of the hotel and go up to Holland Park.	
Aug 28 2008	Workable hotel but you can do better	This hotel is located in a beautiful leafy neighborhood. A bit inconvenient to the Tube... Central line station is about 1/2 mile away... But it is a pleasant walk, and plenty of pubs and cafe on the way as needed.My room was extremely small, like a train compartment. Hard to turn around in the shower, etc. It was clean and had all the necessary amenities, so the size wasn't actually a big issue for me.Breakfast was an above average spread.I had some trouble with the front desk staff... Got back from work dinner late, and needed to make some travel arrangements for the next morning. Paid for internet kiosk connection, but none of the terminals were working. Front desk staff was quite surly about this... wouldn't let me use the concierge computer, for instance. I caught them lying about the fact that &quot;all internet was down&quot; at the hotel. I know it's kind of a minor thing, but I hate it when they just want you to get out of their hair... no attempt to solve your problem.On that basis, I don't think I'll be going back. Same price as other alternatives, which have better tube access, and better employees.	
Aug 23 2008 	Birthday Stay	This was the third time I had spent my birthday at this hotel, and I have to say we were very well looked after.I had emailed a week before arrival to request an early check in as I was arriving at midday and their check in time is 3pm. On arrival the extremely efficient front desk welcomed me back and stated that our room was ready and we could go straight up. Check in done in under 5 minutes, we were up in our room in no time. This time we were on the seventh floor - I have stayed here many times and the rooms on the top two floors are bigger - and this time did not disappoint. The room was large and spacious with an extremely comfortable bed and arm chair. Plenty of storage space and plenty of room to move about. On arriving in the room we found that the kettle did not work so housekeeping brought another within five minutes, and the safe had been jammed by the previous occupants, but again maintenance were on the case and had solved the problem in five minutes - this was indeed customer service at its best.We stayed for three nights in total and were very sad to leave as we had been extremely well looked after. It will not be long before we are back at the Hilton Kensington. I hughly recommend it!	
Aug 13 2008 	Wonderful Surprise!	What a pleasant surprise. I've been to London several times for work and stayed a various 3 star or better hotels and I must say the Hilton Kensington is the nicest hotel I have stayed in London ever. The hotel is exterior is bland but the interior is very contemporary, spacious, clean and inviting. I had a double bed room and it was quite spacious for London. The bed was extremely comfortable, the furnishing were new, nice flat screen tv and very clean. The Kensington (Holland Park) neighborhood is so beautiful. I felt perfectly safe walking around alone during day and night. There are loads of shops, cafes and restaurants around. A very quaint european feel neighborhood (obviously very wealthy area). The staff was very helpful also. I truly loved this hotel. I stayed at the Hilton Euston and it is a complete dump compared to this hotel. Enjoy your stay.	
Aug 7 2008 	Hilton sort your act out	When you arrive late to attend a meeting the next day with a colleague and have two seperate rooms booked you don't wish to hear &quot;you will have to share&quot;. We had paid £200 per night each for two nights. The intolerant front desk managed to find a disabled room for my colleague and I think I got a converted hospital theatre room. My head hit the wall while sitting on the bed tying my shoe lacesGood point was the bar chap who was very friendly and tought me how to swear in Hungarian. That sound you hear is my HHonours card going in the bin.	
Jul 16 2008 	A lovely time in London	While traveling back to the states I decided to take a three day tour of London and was very pleasantly surprised by the Kennsington Hilton and their staff. Meals at the hotel were fine, the contenential breakfast in the morning was a great start. I particularly enjoyed the modern decor complete with giant fishtanks that gave a calming International-Fen Shui effect to the environment. In addition, the conceirge was delightful and extremely helpful in giving me advice as to getting the most out of my short stay. Being close enough to the transit system, I was able to tour a variety of locations throughout the city. As well, I found it easy enough to attend an early evening showing of the play, Mama Mia, at the Prince of Wales Theater, followed by a light dinner at Aberdeen's Steakhouse, just up the street. On a lighter note, brisk walks through the Kennsington Palace environment were delightful enough. In addition, the surrounding shops and restaurants were filled with all sorts of housewares, fine china, and clothing. I was blessed with good weather and good health on this journey.	
Jul 5 2008 	Delightful	We just got back from a week at the Hilton Kensington and this place was everything we needed, at the best price. After reading the reviews and forums here, I asked for a refurbished room. They may all be refurbished by now, but I think the request made them pay a little more attention. We got a third-floor room overlooking Holland Park Avenue (just above the flags out front) and the little Royal Crescent Park. Holland Park tube stop was only a 6 minute walk when we rushed. By the end of the week (walking over most of London and Paris one day), we started catching the bus out front to the tube stop since we had the 7-day Oyster card, which covers both.We skipped the high-priced breakfast downstairs and bought pastries the night before at the Tesco market near the Holland Park tube station. We even had a couple of picnic lunches and one dinner from the Tesco store -- saving a ton of money. We also brought granola bars and pop tarts for my daughter. Coffee and teas were available in the room with a nice electric kettle.We splurged one night at Cyrano's up the street on the recommendation of the concierge. He called ahead a few minutes before we headed over, and they gave us a &quot;reserved&quot; booth. (I saw them refuse to sit some walk-in folks there, saying they were reserved.) It was a nice meal, french food. Try the Coq au Vin -- and definitely the desserts were a treat! Price was $39 for two of us.We also had a final splurge with lunch in the lounge area before heading for Heathrow. The pricey $13 cheeseburger was very big and very yummy for the kid. I had the salmon eggs Benedict and it was a bit of heaven at the end of a long week. It sure is a nice place to sit for a while. They have wireless for a fee there.We skipped the Internet because of the big charge. It was nice to have the safe for the laptop and other precious items.Only minor issue for us was getting our glasses and cups replaced with clean ones the first night. I lined them up at the sink area the next day to make the request obvious.Overall, I loved this place. It was bigger than I expected -- sort of like a New York hotel room. I had no big issues with noise or water, and was happy to have the A/C with hot days near 27 degrees C. I read here on the forums that we Americans always want big rooms with hot water and cool air. Yes, we are a bit spoiled. I just couldn't settle for the B&amp;B route with cramped rooms, no air, tiny bathroom and possibility of no hot water for a shower.I searched for four months to find a better/cheaper place without luck. We paid about $200, but other Hiltons were $400-500! Try this place. If you're on a budget, you'll like it. I would recommend to everyone. And ask the concierge desk for anything. They seemed so helpful with all of our requests.	
Jun 29 2008 	Better than expected	I’ve just come back from 3 nights stay with my husband and friend. It was much better than I expected. It is in a nice area not too far from Holland Park tube station. Check in was easy and quick, we had a room with a view of the road but our friend had a side room looking out onto a drain pipe! The rooms we thought were OK, modern looking, clean with flat screen TV (our TV had a bit of a fussy picture but our friend’s TV had an worse picture) the bathroom is small, but functional – I think they could have cleaned the floor better but overall it did seem nice and clean. Breakfast was good they provided Soya milk which is very helpful for my husband. A few minutes after arriving in the room they came with complimentary apples. They also have apples on reception during the day which for us was a really nice touch. We had a room rate which included dinner on the first night which was very nice and it saved us having to go out again to find somewhere to eat. The only problems we experienced was the minibars are really loud, our friend had the same problem but we had to call receiption 3 times to get someone to come and turn it off we couldn't have slept with the noise (the bloke that turned our minibar off new about the noise problem which is just stupid to keep them in the rooms). The reception staff on check in must have programmed the key for 2 nights instead of the 3 which meant having to go back to reception tired at night to get the key reprogrammed. Our friends key also stopped working but he had to go back to the reception again as it still didn’t work! (I think they programmed his key with our room number in error - not good service) They didn’t apologise which was a shame but it didn't really course too much trouble and once the fridge was turned off that was fine. Overall the hotel is clean, in a good location and we had a pleasant stay. I think we would go back because of it’s location and it was a good hotel for what we paid.	
Jun 6 2008 	Not Impressed	We stayed in a standard room and were not impressed with the cost of breakfast or internet. 15 pounds per person for the continental breakfast which added up to $60 US for my husband and I. The internet cost for 30min is 8 pounds which equals $16 US. One of the elevators acted as if it was going to break at any moment. The hallways smelt moldy, and we could clearly see water damage on the carpet in the hallways. Our bathroom had a sour milk smell, and did not go away the whole week we were there. The Front Desk/Entrance decor is worn-out and unattractive. This hotel was obviously ripping off the tourists who stayed in a standard room and not an executive suite. Do not have a 4 star expectation if you come here.	
Jun 3 2008 	Decent Hotel in London	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton on 2 separate occasions while in London in May 2008. The hotel is located in Kensington (about a 5-10 minute walk from the Holland Park Tube). The area is very nice, safe, and quiet. The hotel is clean and operates efficiently, but the rooms are very small. During our first stay, we had a room on the 5th floor. Our room had a safe which was large enough to hold my laptop. When we returned to the HIlton for our second stay, we were given a room on the 3rd floor. This room was very, very tiny - barely enough room to walk around the bed (I couldn't even roll my luggage to the other side of the room because it was so cramped). The safe was also smaller and would not hold my laptop, so we asked to switch rooms. Our luggage was transferred to a room on the 5th floor the following day. Unfortunately, I only took pictures of our larger room on the 5th floor. Furthermore, the walls are very thin and I could hear every door that opened/shut on our floor. There were a few minor irritants - not replacing used cups/spoons when the room was cleaned. There were some positives to this hotel as well. As I said before, nice location outside of the center of London. The concierge was helpful with directions and providing umbrellas on our many rainy days. The staff were helpful and accomodating, never rude. Overall, I think this hotel is a good value for the price since London is such an expensive city.	
May 27 2008	Great weekend at Chelsea Flower show	Just had weekend in Kensington Hilton. It was great value and the breakfasts were great,staff were helpful and very pleasant. The dinner was typical hotel fare but because it was included our expectations were not high any way.	
May 14 2008 	Good Value	Good clean rooms (bit on the small side- but that's London), friendly helpfull staff and great breakfasts all in a handy location for sightseeing of London	
Apr 30 2008 	Above average pleasant but not a home run	I'd give the Hilton Kensington a B-plus. The place didn't blow me away but it was well above adequate.My room was comfortable, clean, and bright, though definitely on the small side. No view worth mentioning, but on the plus side, the room was quiet (not overlooking a street, no traffic). No security chain on the door. Water pressure of the shower was a joke, you'll get barely more than a trickle; if you have the time, take baths instead. The tub is high off the floor, I didn't have a problem with it but older / handicapped people might. Fluffy towels are provided, but no bathrobe. I'd forgotten my razor and the Hilton cheerfully provided one free of charge. The room is outfitted with a hair dryer, iron and board, minibar (you can't use it for your own beverages because it's full, and removing anything triggers an automatic charge to your hotel bill), a generous safe that holds a 17-inch Powerbook, a flatscreen TV (fairly poor quality signal and set to the wrong aspect ratio, no way for guests to change it), radio alarm clock, two phones (one of which had an intolerable buzz on the line). No available outlets: I had to unplug a lamp to alternately charge my laptop and cell phone. Will hotels never learn? No paper(s) delivered to the room by default, but you can pick them up for free (the Times and the Financial Times, at least) in the lobby on your way out. Health club is free to guests but astoundingly small. Ice machines can be a long walk away (the hotel's footprint is huge), and they're slow and stingy with what they dispense, but at least they work.Internet is 15 British pounds A DAY, which comes close to blackmail. One day it didn't work for hours straight, I spent 20 minutes on three phone calls trying to get a refund (which was ultimately provided). Weirdly enough, cleaning staff took my pillow -- the one I bring on my trips -- and I had to raise hell to get it back. That took 24 hours, though. And the hotel shut the water off for seven hours one night, though this was announced in advance and they sent a couple of bottles of mineral water to my room when I requested it, no charge. The rooms have no wireless Internet so you have to use the Ethernet cable the hotel provides, but it's only about a foot and a half long so you have to sit at the desk to use your laptop -- no surfing in bed unless you bring your own cable (12-15 feet should do nicely).I'd seen reviews complaining about the distance to the tube station but I had no problems. Holland Park station is just down the road, an 8- or 9-minute walk. It then takes less than 15 minutes to get to places like Leicester Square, Covent Garden, and other central spots. A cab to Paddington Station (from where you can take a train to Heathrow airport) costs just under 10 pounds. Several doubledecker buses, including the one to Camden Town, stop right in front of the hotel.The Hilton lounge is pleasant though the serving staff didn't always excel in speed. I didn't try the on-premises restaurant -- looked at the menu and decided it seemed overpriced (most hotel restaurants are). There are lots of inviting lunch/dining options a short walk away, including Thai, Chinese, several Indians, a really good French pastry place, a couple of cafés, a Starbucks. All pretty affordable. A French-run wine store is nearby also. Pack a corkscrew!Holland Park Avenue has few shops worth a damn, but a good, well-stocked bookstore (Daunt) is five or six minutes from the Hilton, right on the main drag. (They did make me buy my own wrapping paper when I bought gift books for my kids -- one pound a sheet. Ouch.)Holland Park itself is three or four blocks away and it is as gorgeous as ever (go there after it's rained and revel in the great smells of the grass and the copious blooms). The Belvedere, right in Holland Park, is a very swanky-looking restaurant, beautiful grand interior, terrific ambience. The food was good, not great, but at 18 pounds for a three-course prix fixe lunch, I had no reason to complain -- on the contrary.For the right price, I'd stay at the Kensington Hilton again.	
Apr 26 2008 	As each time perfectstay	I've been to this hotel several times and, as usual, this Hilton is perfect. They've been through a programme of refurbishment (with 3million pounds!) and it was worth it. The rooms are clean and spacious, still offering free bottles of water (but not sure it's in every room since I'm Silver VIP in their HHonors programmes and they brought the bottles in the afternoon ...). The closest station, Shepherd's Bush (on the central line) is closed as they are re-building it, but if you come by the Eurostar, you can go to Shepherd's Bush Green (on the Hammersmith &amp; city line, direct from St Pancras, 30 minutes) and if you turn left when coming out of the station, walk 5 minutes, you will come to a bus stop. Take the C1 which will cross the roundabout, get off just after it, walk towards the left, stay on the same footpath and the Hilton is just 5 minutes walk from this bus stop. Otherwise, there are busses stopping in front of the hotel too, that's the 31 and his end station is at Shepherd's Bush. The stop is also just after the roundabout, right opposite the hotel (bus stop name: Royal Crescent). The 94 is also stopping just in front and will bring you to the city centre (but the congestion in London is still a real pain!)If you want a good plan for food, I recommend the &quot;Café Rouge&quot;, a French brasserie - there are several branches in London, just check (--) and enjoy!	
Apr 24 2008	Can not fault and stayed here many times - always impressed	Have stayed here many times as I have never had reason to fault. Always plenty staff on reception and they all smile. Have been upgraded every time stay here and even once to a suite! Breakfast is lovely with many options and area large enough for amount of guests. Dinner a little expensive but very nice and so is the chinene restraunt that the hotel has in its premises. Lovely area too, you get a bus outside the hotel that takes you to Oxford Street and Piccasilly in about 20 minutes and the service is very regular, nice areas to go for walks around Holland Park and if you have time walk up to Holland Park as there is lovely shops and restaurants. Bar is very clean and staff always there to help. An amazing hotel close to central london but far away enough to enjoy a nice area of London. My 1st choice hotel for staying in London and its highly recommended.	
Mar 30 2008 	great location great staff	The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood out of the congestion of London. The rooms are nicely appointed and very clean. We are gold Hilton Honors members and were able to upgrade to updated rooms on the executive level that were very nice. The Executive Lounge on the first floor offered a nice breakfast, as well as daily snacks and drinks. All the staff we encountered were excellent from the doormen, front desk staff, waitstaff, concierge, and housekeeping. We enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel.There is a bus stop in front of the hotel with many bus routes for easy access to London. This is how we got around and found it to be very convenient. The Holland Park tube is just a few blocks away, if needed. There are some nice restaurants in the area. We especially enjoyed those on, or near Queensway (north of Hyde Park and a just a few bus stops away). If you love Indian food, don't miss Khans.	
Mar 30 2008 	We'll go again	Stayed 25th and 26th March at the Hilton Kensington - Its a bit of a hike from either of the nearest tube stations but there is work ongoing at the Shepherds Bush station which I think will be finished soon (and its about 50 yards away). But nil desperandum, the bus stop is across from the hotel and with an Oyster Card, trips are only 90p - and you see so much more!The hotel is really good, the concierges have so much local knowledge and the doorman I think is Chinese but, again, whatever you want to do, he has the answer.We stayed in the executive wing (deluxe rooms) - the rooms are fine and roomy and clean but it also gives you access to the exec lounge where you can get snacks and non-alcoholic drinks most of the day and then alcoholic drinks from 6 to 8PM in the evening.The bill had no errors, everyone was helpful and the breakfast was very good with plenty of choice (for all nationalities) albeit, no offence intended, interesting to watch two young japanese girls putting porridge onto their fried breakfast plate! But they seemed to enjoy it so hey!!Can't recommend the Hilton Kensington enough - we'll use it as a base for our next break.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great Hotel and Location	I have stayed in many bad hotels during my earlier trips to London. This time I wanted to try something new. Hilton is a famous brand and has a high lowest standard. The Hilton Kensington doesn’t disappoint you. The lobby is wide and very elegant. The room was not a disappoint either. It seems to be refurbished and it is a very nice room. You have high speed internet access in the room via cable and wireless in the lobby. The breakfast wa the best one I ever had. You don´t need to eat lunch after that! I also like the location. It is close to Sheppard’s Busch station and Holland Park tube station. Since I was travelling to Oxford I found it great that the Oxford buss stops right outside the hotel. I will definitely stay here on my next trip.	
Mar 7 2008 	Excellent value in a great area of London	Stayed two nights in this hotel on business in March 2008. I was in an Executive room. The room as of a good quality standard and seemed to be recently renovated on the 7th floor. I was in the Executive lounge too and enjoyed the evening snacks and the a few drinks in the evening whilst watching the Champions League football on the flat screen TV's. There are also falt screen TVs in the main bar and lounge and there was a good atmosphere in the bar whilst the games were on.Breakfast was in the Executive Lounge and this was of a good standard on the ground floor. Regulars to the hotel told me this was a recently renovated lounge and used to be on the top floor of the hotel.The closest underground station was Holland Park, probably a 8-9 minute work from the hotel and this gives you an understanding of what a lovely area of London this hotel recides in.The service as exceptional and staff very friendly and focus on making your stay as good as possible. Really was top quality service.	
Mar 5 2008 	Basic Hilton Excellent Breakfast!	We stayed at this hotel for friday and saturday night in February, found the hotel easily from Holland Park tube station it is only 10min walk as Shepherds Bush tube is closed for a few months, the general area is very nice and safe.The room was standard double nothing spectacular, it was quite small and the bed was small too, bathroom smaller than previous hiltons we've stayed in but the shower was good. Breakfast was fantastic everything you could possibly want, very busy in the morning but the staff seem very organised so it runs smoothly. well worth having included in your room rate as I think it is £19.99 each if booked separately which is quite expensive.	
Feb 27 2008 	Pretty Location and huge breakfasts	Hotel was easy to find, straight off at Holland Park tube station and was a 5 min walk to the hotel past bars, boutiques, deli's and restaurants ...a really nice area to explore.Arrived at the hotel on the Friday evening and received a warm welcome and free room upgrade as we had booked through LondonTown.com ...for 3 nights for 2 people was only £306 inc breakfast, wich compared to other sites was a total bargain for the hotel.Breakfast was very generous, plenty to choose from, polite staff and very clean and organised.Room was a good size for a london hotel, good quality sheets and fresh towels. Only negative point were that the maids weren't great at topping up the teas/coffees, and also left dirty glasses in the room which had been brought up the night before from the bar ...nothing major at all though.Concierge were very helpful, we booked open top bus trips through them (which is a total must do for anyone visiting London)-however the ticket collectors on the buses offer half price tickets to other attractions so double check before buying the tickets from the hotel.All in all a really good hotel, although its a few stops away on the tube its a good excuse to get the open top buses and do some walking to properly see the sites.	
Feb 22 2008 	Pretty good generally	Generally we liked the hotel.The good bits:- In a nice area, about 10 mins walk from Holland Park tube station and only another 5-10 mins away from Notting Hill- Refurbished room nice, albeit small.- Staff generally pretty friendly and helpful.The bad bits:- Walls are paper thin.- Restaurant for breakfast is somewhat claustrophobic - no natural light and packed in.Apart from that, we thought it was fine, and excellent value for money.	
Feb 21 2008 	Convenient for BBC TV Centre	As a Sliver Hilton Honors member I had hoped for an upgrade, but it was not to be. However, the 5th floor room that we were allocated was clean and at the back of the hotel, so pretty quiet. The bathroom was very small, but clean and with a modern shower fitting. Crabtree &amp; Evelyn soap, shampoo, conditioner and shower gel, but no shower cap. The room itself was on the small side - but that's expected in London, and had a flat screen tv, double bed, arm chair and mini bar. There were 2 free bottles of mineral water, and a selection of coffee and teas (including herbal teas). Breakfast was a buffet, fresh fruit, pastries, cheese and full english. Quality was good and there were no queues. Very good fresh orange juice. Main consideration for us was proximity to the BBC Television centre. Hotel is a 10 minute walk from Holland Park underground station, but there is a bus stop almost opposite the underground, and the hotel is only 2 stops away. There are some restaurants and pubs near the tube station, which would give alternatives to dining in the hotel. Overall, not a bad hotel and reasonable value for London.	
Feb 20 2008 	Rooms were average but good service	I stayed here during a training course for work. The room was pretty average - small with fairly sterile decor, but it did the job. Wasn't impressed with the cost of internet access though. The service was good though - the staff were friendly and when asked to help they did, and not just pro-forma. The walls were very thin too - I was woken up on at least one occasion by someone in the next room packing.	
Feb 15 2008 	Average Business Hotel	This is a very average hotel. No doube this is below the normal Hilton standard. But for the price, its better than many London hotels I have stayed in. The hotel location has good access to the central line underground. However, it is a 10min walk to station. I caught a bus from the front to the station most days. The breakfast was amazing. But if your breakfast is not included in your room rate. It is a GBP19.99 per person charge. That is alot of money for breakfast!!!!! A traditional english breakfast from places outside the hotel would charge approx GDP5-6. I was given a rennovated room. Not sure when they rennovated it, maybe in the late 90s? I was given a room that was facing the back of the hotel which was nice and quiet. The bedroom was on a small side but was expected from European hotels. The shower was a joke, Im 6'3 tall (191cm) and my head would touch the ceiling when Im in the shower. There is also a sign in the bathroom saying, please do not overflow the shower as there is no drain in the bathroom. No drain in the bathroom??? Would I stay at the HIlton Kensington again? Maybe. Dispite all the annoyances, it was bareble and I have stayed at many worse hotels in London in the same price range.	
Feb 13 2008 	Character-less	A chain hotels sets your expectations at a certain level. For us it fullfilled the purpose: we just needed a nice place to stay. The room was very nice and clean but showed some effect of a long-term lack of cleaning, eventhough I think we had a refurbished rooms (as mentioned in a previous review).Another thing we didn't like was the noise which was a little much all during the night (thin walls, and from hallways). Strange enough in the lobby there was an advert for the executive floors, if you wanted calm and tranquility, which I found a bit strange if the 'normal' rooms aren't even up to a 'normal' standard. But not wanting to complain to much, there were definitely good things. The room was indeed comfortable and the staff were very friendly and efficient. The experience was a good one, but not a special one. The location was good as well, fairly close to the underground (although Shepard's Bush is shut for building works) and the area is nice and quiet.For a business guest it will most likely be a good option, but for tourists looking for a atmospheric experience i'd suggest not to go here, as it just a basic chain hotel.	
Feb 4 2008 	Book a room that has been refurbished!	I booked the Hilton Kensington for a 1 night stay as I was attending a work party in town. The hotel's got a nice location near Holland Park, and outside the hotel looks OK too. Well, it's typical Hilton (never look very cool or trendy but you can spot the same &quot;H&quot; sign everywhere in the world). The lobby area was OK, tidy and no complaints. I was upgraded to the Executive floor but my room was still very small and very old-fashioned (decor wise). However, the hotel is undergoing a refurb as most of the floor was sealed away. I'm assuming and hoping that the room decor will be updated and made modern. I had a good stay, nothing to complain or rave about. The rates at the hotel are quite good so after the refurb, I may return! The breakfast they provide at the Executive lounge was pretty good. I didn't visit the lounge in the evening so don't know about the canapes or cocktails.	
Feb 2 2008	Small but clean	If you like the Hilton chain, you will get what you expect, except the rooms are much smaller than in the US. My extended family and I stayed here and enjoyed the recently renovated rooms, and small, clean bathrooms. The restaurant is also decent, and there are nice areas to hang out with family. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 1 2008 	Great value quiet neighborhood tiny rooms	This hotel is located in the quiet residential area of Kensington (near Notting Hill). There are numerous pubs, shops, and restaurants in the area. It was sedate, but there was plenty to do.Directly outside the hotel door is a stop for the numerous double-decker bus tours; tickets can be purchased at the consierge desk. There is a tube station about 10-12 blocks away from the hotel. The rooms are quite small, but normal by European standards. We stayed in a &quot;regular&quot; Queen room and you could barerly walk between the edge of the bed and the wall. The television was hung on the wall in that space, so watch your head!The breakfast buffet was incredible and was included in our price. It included traditional English breakfast foods (sausage, beans, eggs, tomato, etc.), American treats, and international foods such as fish, deli meats, etc. The value was great.Internet is wired and quite expensive - about $20/day US. You can purchase pay-per-use cards from the front desk which allows you to use the internet from lobby computers. We arrived at 11am after a 10-hour flight and were given a room immediately at no additional cost - that's worth it's weight in gold!	
Jan 29 2008	Not cold water	My stay was tainted by my estate agent booking me in for February 28th instead of January 28th. The hotel was full but they found me a room at £169 instead of the £115 I did have. This room had to be a smoking room on a floor that was being refurbed. My room had no cold water and so no flushing toilet, no cold water to clean teeth and so I had to have a boiling shower.The room smelt of smoke and the air con did nothing apart from keep me awake we the slashing light on the control.The clock was wrong on the radio.Room service brought me white wine instead of red wine for dinner.	
Jan 13 2008 	Your average 'chain' hotel - but stay here purely for the location!	This hotel is your average typical chain hotel - but I would recommend it as it is just completing a complete renovation so standards are higher than some you may stay in. Good quality beds / linen, bathroom / towels / toiletries and a good supply of tea / coffee in the room - as you would expect. Don't bother paying extra for a more expensive room (try requesting an upgrade if you are a HHonors card holder) because all you get is a bath robe and slippers! High points are the breakfasts and the bar - where service is quick and efficient and the standard of food and drinks is good (can't comment on the food served in the hotel restaurant). The hotel offers parking - underground car park run by NCP - so a bit pricey but your car is safe! Don't forget that this part of Holland Park is now within the congestion zone! Hotel is easy to find and easy to navigate your way out of! Best of all Holland Park tube station is a 5 minute walk (10 minute stroll) so you're straight into town with no line changes in minutes. Try exploring Holland Park Avenue on the way to the tube - lots of top notch groceries (and a Tesco open til 11pm), cafes, bars etc, a superb bookshop (Daunts), hair / nail salons etc so everything you need is on the doorstep! The only low point is that this hotel is heavily used by flight staff and rooms often aren't ready unitl 4/5pm as the flight staff are still asleep! Try to get a guarantee that your room will be ready when you need it or demand a more expensive room! It works!	
Jan 7 2008 	Lovely hotel and really nice staff.......	Myself and my boyfriend stayed here over New Year's and we had a great time. We arrived from Ireland at around ten o clock in the morning, very tired and one of staff member who was really nice let us check in to our room which we were delighted about!The room was a bit cramped but we didn't mind as we had a lot of sight-seeing to do and we didn't intend on spending too much time there. We ate in the restaurant on New Year's Eve and it was absolutely delicious, very pricey but well worth it.The Tube station is just a five minute walk from the hotel and there is also a bus stop with a frequent service just across the road. Also Hyde Park is a 15 minute walk away and nearby to this is the Science Museum, which is just fantastic!London is the place to be for New Year's!!	
Dec 22 2007 	Moldy bathroom	I went to London for shopping for 3 days. I chose this hotel as it's in Kensington and a Hilton. The first 2 nights, my husband and I were on the 5th floor, renovated and clean, but the beds were too narrow. So, for the third night, we asked for a room with a double bed. We were given Room # 1078. The walls and corners of the bath tub were covered with mold, the sink had black mold belt around it. I closed the bathroom door, but couldn't opened it from inside. The door looked like it had water damage. I called out my husband, he opened it from outside. I wondered what would have happened if I were alone! I reported the bathroom condition at the front desk, was told the room was one of the best rooms on the floor.	
Dec 5 2007 	A good night's rest	I visited London many times between 1960 and 1990 and stayed in mid-priced or budget accommodation fairly near the centre. Typically these so-called “hotels” were converted houses with rooms which were cramped, cheaply furnished and had limited en-suite bathrooms or perhaps only shared facilities. Although they were usually clean and served an adequate hot breakfast, my main complaint was the amount of noise from street traffic and frequently from other guests, which meant that it was very difficult to get a good night’s sleep.On this 5-day trip, since my wife was with me, we decided to treat ourselves to something a little better. I was shocked at how prices had risen since my last visit some years ago; even the “budget hotels” were surprisingly expensive. In the end we settled for a 4-night deal at the Kensington Hilton with full English breakfast and two evening meals included for £488. We slept well with no night-time noise either from traffic or other guests. Our air-conditioned room was a good size, probably fairly recently decorated, but with a few signs of bad workmanship. Service and breakfast were excellent. The Table d’Hote dinner (included in our deal) was very good value for London, albeit the choices were limited. The A La Carte menu is much more extensive but be prepared to pay a lot more.The hotel is convenient for most people - out of the centre but easily reached by public transport. Returning from the theatre in the West End from Tottenham Court Road tube station via Shepherd’s Bush took less than 30 minutes door-to-door including a 5-minute wait for the train. A 3-day Travelcard is an economic way of getting around without the expense of taxis.I can’t see why some of the other reviews are critical of this hotel – I guess some people are accustomed to much higher standards than us, maybe they were unlucky, or maybe they’re just a little bit “picky”. I have stayed in hotels of similar or better standard and paid a lot less – but not in London!!!	
Nov 11 2007 	Do Not Stay At This Out Of The Way Boring Inefficient Hotel	I am a Hilton Diamond member and have stayed ay many hiltons/conrads around the world. When we stayed here we saw a mouse running across the bar area, lack of fruit in a simple glass of Pimms, the right hand not knowing what the left hand was doing and a generally poor ill positioned second rate hotel. The excec upgrade rooms were like going to a low class bar and the upgrade was the difference between having a dirty wet table cloth on your table or a dry one. If you need to be staying on that side of town be somewhere else. Hilton as you would expect it this is not. Forget getting any decent food or for that matter a decent bottle of wine. Rooms are dated and hot with rubbish views. If the people before me have reviewed this as o.k then I can only presume that they have not stayed at a half decent hotel. I have only left such a poor review as it reflects the totally poor experience we encontered.	
Nov 11 2007 	Satisfying Stay	The other reviews for this hotel are very accurate. It is in an upscale neighbourhood between tube stops-- so it is not exactly in the &quot;hub&quot; of things, but if you want a nice hotel with good value for London, I think this is a good choice. We had the package with breakfasts and one dinner included. The breakfast room (also the dinner room) is very nicely done and both breakfast and dinner were very nice. Staff were friendly and helpful. We are walkers so we were able to walk to Kensington High street through Holland Park. It is about a 25 minute walk, through a beautiful neighbourhood and park.The rooms and bathrooms are nicely renovated. There is a flat screen TV, comfy bed, nice clean modern bathroom.	
Nov 5 2007 	Very good choice good value for the money	We stayed at the Hilton Kensington the weekend from November 1-4, booked two double rooms via Londontown.com.I sent a mail to the hotel before, that we would be glad about early check-in and that we celebrate a birthday there.Arriving at the hotel at 10.30 AM our original rooms were not ready, but we got two alternative rooms immediately. Check in staff was vewry friendly and efficient.Location:The hotel is located on Holland Park Avenue, about 10 minutes walking distance from Holland Park District Line Station. Not really centrally, but 3 bus lines with direct city access stop right in front of the door. So we loved the location, a nice upscale living area, close to Portobello Road and Notting Hill, lots of nice shops and restaurants closeby.Hotel:60's style from the outside and lobby needs some re-decoration. But all rooms are newly renovated. Size is average for London standards, bathrooms small. Beds are very comfortable and all bathroom amenities availablke, turndown service offered. we will definitively come back.Food:One dinner and all english breakfasts were included in our rate. Breakfast was delicious, all you can expect from English breakfast. Breakfast room is too small for the size of the hotel, but if you come early, there is always enough seating, otherwise you have to wait some minutes.Dinner was perfect, a 3 course meal, very good choices and excellent food.Extra:Coming back to our room we were very surprised when we found a bottle of champagne and two glasses in our room. Next to a letter from the General Manager, wishing us a happy celebration (referring to my mail I sent to the hotel). This was really a great experience and shows the spirit of the entire staff.Overall:If you look for central location or 5 star luxury, stay away.If you look for good service, nicely renovated (all non-smoking) rooms and good value for the money and you dont mind to take the bus to central location you will like this hotel.	
Nov 4 2007 	Excellent Choice	October 18, 2007 for five nights: After a rather disappointing eight night stay at the KK Hotel George in May 2007, based in part on what I determined to be overly positive reviews, I vowed to give the Hilton London Kensington a chance upon returning to London. The experience was very pleasing. I don’t know if my stay was enhanced by my lowly status as a Hilton Honors Silver Member but the staff could not have been more accommodating. Though I didn’t receive an immediate early check-in, after about an hour, I was provided a room that was ready with the provision I could change to my requested room after some rest. This was a blessing. No, this was a life-saver! The double was perfect. Flat screen TV, bathroom with tub/shower, chair, room to move about, nice size window that opens and a comfortable bed with a deep mattress. Other matters; the all important buffet breakfast, housekeeping, concierge, front desk, all truly exceptional and very surprising considering the size of the hotel. Indeed in every aspect, there was an efficiency that I had not expected. Though the setting is certainly a bit further out than most hotels, it’s only a short walk to the Holland Park tube station through a beautiful residential neighborhood. Tesco and other essentials at the tube station. Suppose the bottom line on the location is: if you can get around by tube, the location is a bonus if you like the benefits of a quieter residential location. With respect to the hotel and the amenities, I could not have been more pleased and will most definitely return.	
Oct 23 2007 	Good hotel good experience a little too far away!	We recently spent 2 nights pre-cruise at the Hilton, Kensington. We were able to get a group of 4 rooms on Priceline for $99 USD each per night! Check in was just fine, no problems, room was small, not as small we we thought it MIGHT be, we had enough room for luggage (we had a LOT) and to move about. Room was clean, yes it is an older hotel, there is some wear &amp; tear to be seen, but all in all, it was nice &amp; clean.We DID have washcloths provided! The one complaint I had is the 1 &amp; only electrical outlet I could get to!!! You needed a power strip to be able to plug things in. The bathroom counter space was very small and the lighting a little dim, but we managed. There was a safe in the room and the maid service was good.We did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on that. The continental breakfast offered in the bar area looked pretty nice with a lot of selections. They only offered a buffet for breakfast in the dining room. The dinner menu looked decent.Location is on a very busy, beautiful tree-lined street with MANY restaurants within walking distance. The tube being about 4-5 blocks down. However, it is a 20 pound ($40 USD) cab ride to any of the &quot;main&quot; attractions!!! (ie: Buckingham, Westminster, The Eye) The tube is the best way and takes about 30 minutes with quite a bit of walking &amp; stair climbing!!If I was to &quot;do&quot; the main attractions as a first timer to London, I would not stay so far out, a hotel more centrally located might be more convenient &amp; time saving in terms of transportation. This is a GREAT location for those wishing to do more things within the same area.	
Oct 2 2007 	Second time at this hotel	For the second time this year, stayed at the Hilton Kensington. Again found it to be fantastic, and in a great area of London. Nice to get out of the hustle and bustle of London. Staff were lovely at reception and in the restaurants. The breakfasts are fabulous, every single thing you could ask for. I love their porridge!!The number 94 bus right across the street takes you right into town, and Oxford Street. I prefer the buses to the underground.	
Sep 21 2007 	Good Place to Stay!	We spent 6 nights at the Hilton Kensington and were very happy with our stay. We chose it based on value and the reviews we had read posted by others who had stayed there. It is located in a really nice area not far from the Holland Park Tube Station with a bus stop just outside the hotel door. (Buses 31, 94, and 148 all stop there.) We purchased tickets from the hotel concierge for the Original London Tour (Hop On/Hop Off) for $38 each. You can catch this tour right across the street from the hotel. If you book with Golden Tours, they will also pick you up at the hotel. We took the Windsor/Sonehenge /Bath Tour.(While they do pick you up at the hotel they DON'T return you - they will drop you off at some central point and you will have to find your own way back!The room was clean and the bed comfortable. Nice pillows! Our room was on the 1st floor and faced Holland Park and while we did hear some road traffic, it was not unbearable. WARNING: Don't open the mini bar if you don't want to pay top $ for the items inside...And don't use it to place any of your items in it. There are sensors that will charge you if you remove anything! Don't exchange your money at the hotel. While it was convenient, you get a lousy exhange rate. $2.25 per pound...There are money exhange sites all over and we saw some some as cheap as $2.07. We successfully used our debit card everywhere with the exception of the tube station where we had to use a credit card. We recommend you take along an extension cord and adapter if you have some equipment that you need to plug in. There were no outlets at the head of the bed and my husband uses a CPAP to sleep at night. We contacted housekeeping and they were there within 3 minutes with an extension cord that we plugged in under the desk and then placed his machine on a chair next to the bed so all was well. I was then able to use the same extension cord to plug in my curling iron. Look for the hair dryer in the desk drawer. You have to hold the button down the whole time so your hand gets a little tired but it works great. If the room had had a small refrigerator it would have been perfect but since it didn't we used a gallon size zip lock bag and put ice in it (there is an ice machine on each floor) and then placed the items we wanted to keep cool in it. Probably would have been good to have taken a small soft side thermal bag for that purpose. Since we found the price of breakfast in the hotel to be extravagant ($40 per person), we would go to the Tesco up the street each evening and buy rolls/yogurt and fresh fruit for the next morning. We used Hotelink to get from Gatwick to the hotel. We bought our tickets online and paid $50 per person but it was worth it because you are so tired after an all night flight and it is nice to have someone meet you, get you to the train and then from the train station, they put you on a mini bus and drive you to the door of your hotel. Coming home we booked Hotelink through the hotel concierge for our return ride to Gatwick for $40 per person. Be advised that rush hour on the subways can be treacherous. You are litterally jammed in. Since a one-way trip on the subway is $8 advise you get an oyster card or a travel card. We bought a 3 day travel card (Approx $33 each) that allowed us to ride the subway and/or the bus as much as we liked for that time period. If you are there on the weekend you must go the Portobello Market (located in the Knottinghill area but not a bad walk from the hotel) In addition to the antiques, the streets are filled with vendors selling fruits/vegetables/flowers/souveneirs etc. etc...	
Sep 13 2007	Appalling soundproofing	We stayed two nights at this hotel on a deal and saw Ricky Gerais Live.The first night included dinner, which was fine, for what we paid.Rooms are small but adequate, comfy bed, nice flat screen tv.But on our second night,we had a group of tourists going in and out of their rooms, opposite and next door to us,for about two hours between eleven thirty and one thirty,the noise was from their doors slamming.I actually went into the corridor and complained and to be fair,they then shut their doors quietly.The doors to the rooms are self shutting fire doors,which if you dont shut ,bang.It sounds like the people are in your room.I mentioned this at reception and they said there is nothing we can do.I would not stay at this hotel again,purely because of noise from the corridors. This is a borderline four star hotel,although breakfast was very good.	
Sep 10 2007 	Fantastic	Having used this hotel before, i was ungraded on arrival to an executive room, which was very large and clean with full use of the free bar. I also for the first time used the Sauna / Steam room which i was unaware of before, they should tell you this when you check in. It is a mixed use, on arrival in the sauna i was greeted by 2 young girls or were totally naked, I have to say I was shocked at first, but they started a conversation so i felt at ease, they informed me that it is a normal in this hotel as it is a mixed area and they have yet to see people wear costumes, and they actually asked me to remove mine. Overall a great hotel with very friendly staff and facilities.	
Sep 2 2007 	Very Good Stay at the Hilton Kensington	We stayed here for 5 days during mid August. We booked a Disabled room and a twin room. The disabled room wasvery small and faced the lift area with an unusual open wardrobe. The shower is also very small if someone needs to use a wheelchair. This was on the 3rd floor. The other room turned out to be a King size bed which was a big improvement on the disabled room. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we found the breakfast selection to be very good and plentiful, with weekend breakfast until 11.30. We booked a deal with Dinner included for 2 nights and found the set menu slightly restricted, but it was good value for an extra £2 per night. It is definitely a good idea to book a Hilton Dinner Bed and Breakfast deal if you can. The only other drawback was noise from some over excited people who woke us up in the middle of the night twice, but the Reception staff soon quietened them down. All in all a very pleasant experience and if you want a hotel with bigger rooms,try the London Metropole which is slightly more expensive but also has a pool and shop which are useful. I would like to congratulate the staff at the Kensington Hilton who were mostly very kind and helpful to us and would recommend staying there to anyone who wants a short break in London at a fairly reasonable price.	
Aug 24 2007 	Nice Hotel Small rooms	Very nice hotel with helpful staff. Minutes from the Shephard's Bush tube stop was very nice for getting around. Only complaint was the rooms were very tight, and breakfast was not that good for the price. However, I definately recommend this hotel, it has a great staff and is easy to get around London from.	
Aug 21 2007	kensington hilton hotel holland park	A great hotel!! Staff was very helpful and polite. Room was small, but I suppose they all are. Very clean, the shower was the best ever. The water pressure was terrific; I have never seen a hotel with such a great shower.The neighbor is wonderful. Lots of great shops, pubs, grocery store. Walking at night was not a problem.We would definitely return.	
Aug 7 2007 	Substandard Hilton	We have just returned from a long weekend stay at the Hilton Kensington. Compared to other Hilton hotels I have stayed in, this is definitely not up to Hilton's usual high standards and as a result we wont be going back to this hotel again.First of all the rooms are no bigger than cruise ship cabins and the bath although it made us laugh was not even big enough for a child to comfortably have a bath, let alone an adult. The beds were really uncomfortable and the air conditioning seemed to blow out hot air - in fact our family who we were staying woke up with flu like symptoms.The idea of our trip was to watch a rugby match at Twickenham and upon returning after the match, we were made to feel distinctly unwelcome at the hotel, as we were dressed in rugby tops. The hotel bar staff questioned us on several occasions on whether we were a) guests of the hotel and b) whether we had swiped a credit card behind reception and then they took 35 minutes to make a drink claiming the bar was busy, which it was not. When we questioned the bar supervisor on this matter, he assured us that Hilton do not look at what people wear but this did not do much to allay our fears considering the poor service we had received.Luckily we spent most of the weekend sightseeing as I would not have wanted to spend any more time in this hotel than I had to.	
Aug 7 2007	Nice Hotel	The Kensington Hilton is in a great location in Holland Park. It is an upscale London Neighborhood instead of the braving the crowds in Central London. The rooms are very small, but clean and very quiet. You get your own kettle for tea, and they even give you cookies so you can enjoy a pick-me-up. I found the concierge very helpful. He recommended nearby pubs for food like the Crown (friendly service, good food) and the Miter a little further down the street (disorganized service, but there are tables outside where you can smoke). The only negative about the hotel (if I can call it one) is the scary prices for food because of the week dollar. Forty dollars for breakfast! $7.50 for a cup of coffee! I discovered a Tesco down the street where you can buy premade sandwiches and snacks. Once you learn that the 148 bus is your friend, you can go almost everywhere 24/7.	
Aug 6 2007 	Not Great but OK	The roome I had was updated even though it was small. The common areas need a good update, and the concierge staff look like they haven't seen a shower in days.... Would also recommend dry cleaning their suits more often. Rooms were clean quiet and air conditioning was adequate.... not sure it would have helped in a heat wave. Location is good and convenient.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great for a two night break	Having used this hotel several years ago, we were aware of its location, just slightly outside the main hotel areas. That for us was a bonus - there is a good bus service into the centre and the tube station is 5 minutes walk away and connects directly to Oxford Street and the theatre district. We found a really good Chinese restaurant - the Singapore - just up the road with a selection of pubs nearby, with prices half those in the rip-off centre of London. We had an good room overlooking the main road &amp; there was very little sound due to the excellent double glazing and the substantial trees, which seemed to soak up the sound. We found all the staff charming and pleasant, generally with a smile. Our room was smallish but very clean &amp; the bed was quite comfy. We had booked the two night break with dinner on the first night and breakfast each morning included. The rate that we got at £94.00 per night was outstanding for a London hotel of this calibre and Hilton Hotels should be congratulated for this offer, (which applies to most UK Hiltons). Dinner on the first night was ok - the food was well cooked &amp; ample, and the breakfasts were the usual Hilton buffet with every conceivable item for a breakfast available. The only criticism was that the dinner restaurant was soul-less, with some jazz music being played in the background, which sounded like a cat being strangled. There were very few takers for dinner and that didn't surprise me when the bill for extras arrived showing £3.35 for one cup of coffee! A carvery-type restaurant would be much more sensible and would get the punters in. This is an excellent hotel for a short break in London for those who want to avoid rip-off hotels offering poor value for money.	
Jul 23 2007	my week in London	I wanted to introduce my daughter to London and did not know what to expect from this hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Beds were very comfy, room so quiet we overslept, and had a hair dryer and ironing board in the room. It is convenient to the Holland park tube and any bus took us to the tube station with our daily pass. The neighborhood seemed safe and food was just down the street if we needed it. My complaint would be the cost of the &quot;extras&quot;...we avoided the hotel restaurants because of price. Internet was 3 pounds for 15 minutes or 5 pounds for 30 minutes! It was cheaper to go to an internet cafe for one pound an hour. We arrived at noon after no sleep at all on a flight from California and had to wait until 3 pm for our room. Possibly an earlier check in time would be nice for people coming across the world!! In all, we enjoyed this hotel. It is on only the central tube line so you have to change lines if you need any other line to get somewhere.	
Jul 23 2007 	Disappointed with Hilton	Given that the US dollar is pitiful in the United Kingdom and wasn't willing to spend $250/night for a bed bug ridden hotel room, I went looking for an esteemed, established brand hotel in London that was close to Central London for many obvious reasons. I stumbled on a good rate (for London) on Hilton's website and booked it without hesitation given my outstanding success with Hilton in the past. I was extremely disappointed with this hotel, however. Our room had a strong smell of stale smoke in it, half the bed was severely tilted so that when you laid on it, it felt as if you were going to fall off, our room was handicapped excessible which is fine except when your shower enclosure doesn't keep water in the shower like it's supposed to, some of the lights in the room didn't work, the concierge was extremely rude when we asked him to check on Wicked and Wimbledon tickets for us. The list goes on and on...London is about as expensive as it gets, but I wouldn't stay here again for $100/night. The one plus was that it was in a good location, close to Central line stations and Hyde Park (which is a beautiful setting for talking a walk or a jog). Find some other reputable brand hotel to stay at in London if you're looking to find a good deal. Don't stay here.	
Jul 20 2007	A Decent Value	With the exchange rate with the pound, Americans have to look for value. This hotel fits the bill. A place to stay that is not a dive. The hotel is very average and the rooms are consistent with European standards, i.e., very, very small. There is nothing about your room that is luxurious, but you did not pay for that luxury. A place that I would describe as a decent business hotel. Something that I found revealing was that Thai Airway pilots and flight attendants use the hotel for overnight stays. In my experience and observations, airlines book decent but not wonderful hotels.I do disagree about claims that the hotel was centrally located. The hotel area is off all the central London maps that I've seen. That is not to say that the location is inconvenient. By the tube, you can get to your location in a reasonable amount of time, however, you are not within walking distance of any of the &quot;sights.&quot; You realize the distance when you have to pay a taxi fare from the theater district to the hotel after seeing a play. I also disagree that the hotel is &quot;near&quot; a tube stop. The nearest is Holland Park, which is in zone two, not one. If you have luggage, it will take you eight to ten minutes to walk to the hotel.	
Jul 14 2007 	Good Value 4 Star	Very pleasant modern hotel with nice rooms. You won't be disappointed there. Beware of the mini bar which automatically charges you even if you simply remove a bottle to take a look! I complained and the charges were waived immediately. But these devices are very un-English and should be banned. I really hate them.Front facing rooms are cooler as they do not get the afternoon sun. However the AC is pretty good anyway.If you are coming from Heathrow, you can take the Heathrow Express to Paddington. A taxi from there will cost you 10 pounds.The HotelLink bus service is also good. Avoid the tube if you have a heavy suitcase because you will need to change lines. Overall, a positive experience.	
Jul 6 2007 	OK.... but that Loo	Pros: Good facilities, great breakfast, perfect central London location - close proximity to a tube station and right opposite a bus stop. And fantastic concierge service - very well informed, courteous and competent.Cons: Dirty toilet, even after we complained, and they 'cleaned' it, it was still an appalling state (see photo). Most cheaper B&amp;B in London offer free/complimentary room internet access, Hilton disappoints on this + no wifi :-(. Could the bathrooms be any smaller? water spills over in a shower and there is no drainage!	
Jul 6 2007	Definately Recommended	The Hilton @ Kensington ticked all the boxes when we looked for a middle priced hotel with a good location for the attractions of london.Its a couple of hundred yards to the nearest tube station which made it really handy for getting around. The room was as expected. Good size, eqipped well and was clean and tidy. Booking in took a little longer than I would like but we obviously picked a busy time to arrive. Staff were friendly and helpful throughout the stay.We booked one of Hiltons 2 night &quot;deals&quot; which are very competitive. I would recommend this hotel. Your stay should be comfy, pleasant and hassle free.	
Jul 4 2007 	A great place to stay on a budget	Although we visited this hotel a year ago, I finally am getting around to posting a review. My wife and I stayed at this hotel during the last week of August, 2006.This is a great little hotel in a very quiet area. All we needed was a quiet, clean and comfortable place to sleep as we were out and about all day, every day. Although the building itself is a bit old and non-descript on the outside, the interior was fully remodeled and modern. The room was quite large by European standards (see photos), and had a nice flat screen TV. The bathroom was solid... with great high quality soaps and shampoos. The staff was quite attentive and the concierge very helpful. The only issues with the hotel itself came down to cost - and not of the room itself which was quite reasonable, but the restaurants within. London is expensive, no doubt, but the Hotel greatly expands this. The breakfast buffet, for example, was high quality but cost $80 US for two people. We didn't eat at all other than the first breakfast in the hotel. Instead, we ate out at chippies or much of the time shopped at Tesco for things like sandwiches, etc. (There was no fridge in the room, so we had to eat right away.) The Tesco is a grocery store just down the street - a short 8-10 min walk - and had very reasonable prices even by US (Boston) standards.This hotel is very well located if you want a quiet place to stay on a very posh street in the Holland Park area of town. It is right next to the Notting Hill area as well. It is located between two tube stops, though the Holland Park stop is a bit further from the hotel (10 mins or less walk), it is the one we used because it was much nicer and closer to little shops and such. When we were lazy, we took the bus which stops directly in front of the hotel and runs 24 hours. Transport is not an issue with this location - subway rides were short and get you pretty much everywhere you need to go quickly, cleanly, and safely.(Highly recommended that you purchase an Oyster card - a &quot;touch and go&quot; pass - if you plan to travel a lot on the subways and busses; there is a little newsstand down the street that sells them.)All in all this was a great place to call &quot;home&quot; when touring the city. Highly recommended for those on a budget.	
Jun 15 2007 	Good price excellent condition and handy location	We stayed here in two interconnecting rooms with the children in one and us in the other (50% off second room with Hilton!) and were visiting family nearby.The hotel was in very good condition and thought the rooms looked newly refurbished and were very clean and in excellent condition. I think we were at the back of the hotel though as we had a fetching view over a load of aircon pipes! Communal parts of the hotel were in good condition, there is a gym but we didn't use it and no pool which is a shame. The breakfast was the usual Hilton brilliant buffet breakfast with good choice, well cooked and plenty for everyone. Staff were efficient and friendly.When booking with the central reservations they advised that no roll-away beds were available but on check-in they did have the rollaway available - so if possible I would check with the hotel before discounting it.Location wise we thought it was excellent - the lovely leafy Holland Park is within easy walking distance and Holland Park tube is 10 mins walk away and gets you into theatreland direct in about 15-20 mins. Easy to get into central London but in a nice leafy area so not too congested.Speaking of congestion this hotel is literally 5 meters inside the congestion zone which is a little annoying and the parking costs a bomb. If we'd known we may have looked into a nearby car park outside of the zone to save a bit of money.All in all we would definately stay here again and think it is a great hotel.	
Jun 12 2007 	Dont waste your money!	This hotel was terrible. The staff were extremely unproffesional and unhelpful. I had been traveling all night and wanted to check in at 11 am, and i was told me Hilton customer service that i could do so because the hotel was not booked/busy. It wasnt until i got irrate with the front desk staff that checked me in early. I have hitlon honors membership and they were still rude and gave me no preferential treatment. The rooms are really small and dont have a view of anything. the hotel is not located close to any landmarks.	
May 29 2007	Very comfortable nest	We were looking for a hotel in London and the prices made us pause. We settled on the Hilton Kensington as a compromise because it was affordable. The location was in a semi-residential area but convenient to the Tube. The accomodations were very comfortable and quiet. Our room came with a small refridgerator which was convenient. Breakfast was delicious. All around pleasant and quite satisfactory stay. BTW, it is located conveniently near a small supermarket which had sandwiches and fruit - a nice light dinner.	
May 23 2007 	Hilton Kensington - Nice facilities	We booked the Hilton London Kensington through Expedia and stayed for 4 nights.. May 18th - May 21st. I had asked Expedia for an early check in, but there was no response and when I called to ask about it, they didn't have any information. When I arrived at 11 AM, the desk clerk was able to accommodate my request and was very gracious about it. They checked me in with my Hilton Honors account, but I never saw any benefit that I know of. The hotel is in a very residential area, but within a 10 minute walk of the Holland Park Tube Stop (out the door and turn right.). There's a small supermarket which has the essentials - fruit, sandwiches, drinks and you're just minutes from a Starbucks. Bus 94 runs from the hotel to Oxford Circus. The rooms were small, but very clean and included a small fridge and lcd tv. I didn't try the continental breakfast but it looked very good and the bar / lounge was hopping every night. The walls are on the thin side so we got to hear our neighbors discussing her parents and their marital problems. They keep the hair dryer in the desk drawer vs. the bathroom. The fitness center is very nice, with 3 pieces of cardio equipment and a couple weight machines as well as a good selection of free weights. In addition there's a coed sauna and steam room. if you like to get a morning run in, the neighborhood is safe and gives you a pretty wide range of terrain. I only had two issues with the hotel. When I checked in they asked if they get my credit card to guarantee the minibar, and i asked that they turn off all credit for the room. When they did that, they locked the refrigerator using a remote control. Unfortunately I had put a soda in there, and was unable to rescue it until the morning I left. The other issue was with the Concierge, and unfortunately I didn't get his name. When I went to him for assistance in booking tours, cabs, etc. he was extremely efficient - almost to the point of being a caricature of pompous actions. However when i asked to confirm my return trib to Gatwick via Hotelink and poied out that I'd already made arrangements, he changed to simply calling and getting a confirmation number. Neither of these had a significant negative impact on the trip or even the hotel experience.	
May 20 2007 	Good but not exceptional	This was the first time I stayed in a Hilton hotel, and although it was a good experience it fell short of the high expectations and esteem I had for the Hilton chain. In all honesty, this hotel is not remarkable for anything: not for the area it is located in (on a busy through road in a residential area about 4 km from the center), not for the exterior of the building (an average though well-maintained plain brick facade), not for the rooms or the reception area or the service provided. It is all nice and good, but the same can be found in many 3 and 4 stars hotels throughout the city.Rooms are smallish, and bathrooms even more so. Some of the rooms were recently refurbished, with more light colors, modern lighting, and a flat screen tv as the main benefits. I've seen a non-renovated room too, and the difference was not that big so no need to make a scene when you find out you got an old one. Airconditioning works fine and the window is well isolated so hardly any noise nuisance from the busy street in front of the hotel. Beds are supersoft, and there is a selection of pillows.I didn't take the breakfast because it was quite expensive (12 pounds for continental, 16 for British breakfast), but there are many good sandwich places close to Shepherd's Bush tube station (5 min walk) and I believe there were also a few options along the road to Holland Park tube station (10 min walk). As others have noted, the walk to Holland Park is a bit longer but nicer. But the most scenice option for going into the center is of course to stay above ground and take a real London double decker bus: lines 94 and 148 stop just opposite the hotel and run very frequently during daytime and once every half hour throughout the night.I would not hesitate to stay again in the Hilton Kensington on my next visit to London, but this time I'll have the benefit of more realistic expectations. As long as the price is right (I paid 80 pounds per night though the hotel's website) this is a good place to stay.	
May 17 2007 	Very nice place to stay!!!	My wife and I stayed here for a week in May and really enjoyed it. Check-in was very fast and we were able to check in early, which was very nice considering the 8 hour flight. I am a Gold VIP with Hilton and although an upgrade was not available, they gave us free breakfast every morning of our stay. The concierge was also very knowledgeable and helpful. Our room was newly renovated and was very comfortable. The shower was a little small, but pretty normal for European standards. The breakfast buffet every morning was very good!!! A very nice assortment of food, from traditional English fare to waflles, pastries, fruit and made-to-order omelets. We really enjoyed the walk from the hotel to the Holland Park tube stop, it is a very nice part of London with tree-lined streets and unique shops and restaurants. We especially liked Nicholas wine shop and an Italian restaurant called Edera. There is another tube stop (Shepherd's Bush) that is closer to the hotel, but not as nice of a walk. The tube is very convenient to central London and very easy to navigate. We enjoyed our stay here very much and would definitely stay here again!!! If you like the hustle and bustle of downtown London, this is not the hotel for you, but if don't mind being away from the madness, this place is in a beautiful neighborhood and will definitely meet your needs!!!	
May 16 2007 	An excellent experience don't listen to the negatives!	My stay at this hotel was a great experience from beginning to end. It is a walk from the nearest tube station, but a beautiful one at that. Primarily we walked past homes and shops. On the journey, there is a Starbucks, Tesco (grocery store), and a few restaurants. This helped us in our stay and made the walk enjoyable too.Once we got to the hotel, there were no problems checking in. I found the desk staff to be pleasant and helpful, once we understood what each other was saying. The hotel has a travel desk that was helpful for us to get information from. In the main lobby, there is also a little shop that sells some souveniors and stamps, plus there were about 5 computers with access to the internet at an expensive price. Once we got to the room, I was continually pleased. Everything was clean, the flat screen tv was a perk, and bed was comfortable. The bathroom was also great. Honestly, I don't have a bad thing to say about this place. It seemed quiet to me and allowed for a lot of privacy. The buffet breakfast in the morning was not cheap, but well worth it. I'd recommend paying extra for it because there isn't a lot around for breakfast foods otherwise, plus it helped to get our day started off on a good foot. The food was good - we only had breakfast there. Go stay here. Yes, it's a little out of the way, but you won't be disappointed.	
May 13 2007	great hotel a little out of the way	The Hilton was a great hotel to stay at in London. It was far from the major sites, but transportation was easy. The bus stop is directly out side the front door of the hotel. The rooms are clean and staff was friendly. Bathrooms were average. Same type of hotel that you would expect in the US from the Hilton. There are not any places to eat outside of the hotel. There was one Indian and one Greek restaurtant but that was it. There is a grocery store 6-7 blocks away for drinks and snacks. The hotel does have a restaurant, but it is expensive and not open late. Overall, the was a great hotel for the price. Easy to get to and I would stay here again	
May 12 2007 	A disappointing experience	I stayed at this hotel, primarily for the price. Although the hotel was a bit out of the way in the Holland Park/Shepherd's Bush residential area, the Shepherd's Bush tube station was only a couple of blocks away and buses stop outside the hotel that go to the West End. I found the room to be comfortable and clean but quite small and the toilet did not flush properly. Overall, the accommodations and staff were not up to Hilton standards in the United States. The initial room I was given had not even been cleaned-- the bed was unmade and cigarette butts filled the ashtray (I did not request a smoking room).  I was subsequently given another room; however I experienced a power failure. When the staff was unable to resolve the problem within an hour and one-half or so (by then it was 1:30 AM) I was given another room and told by the manager on duty that the hotel would refund one night's stay. However, when I checked out, the desk clerk reneged, after checking with the duty manager, saying that because I booked through Expedia, I could not obtain a refund. While I was offfered extra Hilton rewards points and after some negotiation, a free breakfast and a waiver of a 15 pound bill for telephone calls and a soft drink from the mini-bar, the 15 pound bill was charged to my American Express card. I wrote to Hilton about the issue but have not received the courtesy of a reply.Other complaiints include an inability to print a document from a business center computer and an unconscionable 20 pound ($40) charge at the hotel bar for a mediocre Caesar salad and small beer. Fortunately, there were a number of good restaurants in the area that charged significanlty less for full meals. I would not stay here again.	
May 11 2007 	well...it was ok	From outside it's very depressing! when I got there I thought &quot;oh gosh, I hope it's not this one!&quot;. obviously, it was. Fortunately, when we got it, we found it pretty pleasant and modern. Check in was amazing, and here I want to thank Ian for being so friendly and helpful. We went to our room (executive) but when I got it...what a surprise! very small...exactly the same as other standard I went to in other hotels. That was a bit depressing, coz I was hoping in a very luxury week end away from Manchester with my boyfriend...but anyway, we were happy because the bed was very confy and we had a bath. The executive lounge was a bit upsetting. very small, with view on the roofs...mmmh...no alcoholic drinks on a saturday night! well#...we had a tea. But, at the end, it's worth a visit just for the breakfast. amaaaazing! plenty of EVERYTHING and I mean it. I've almost got sick to try all that stuff, and it was so tastefull and nice, from the bacon to the waffles!But...I wouldn't come back, honestly, I'm sure you can find a real executive in London.PS: it was also very noise...it sounded like there were enormous washing machines running up and down the corridor, night and day. very weird....	
Apr 29 2007 	Wonderful	Wonderful hotel to stay for the price we paid. Great location. Buy the Oyster card and take bus #148 or #94 to get to the main places. Walk for 7-10 minutes and take the tube (train) at the Holland Park station. If you walk to restaurants, the prices are high and not great food but if you take the bus to Notting Hill (5 minutes) there are plenty of fast food restaurants and great food. I asked for a renovated room and one was given to me. I also asked to check in early and the room was ready at 10:00am which is pretty good. Starbucks is close by. The only thing I did not like was the construction going on around the hallways and I once was awaken by the construction. Will stay there again!	
Apr 25 2007 	Not wowed	I am a Hilton Gold VIP HHonors member and had to stay here because all other Hilton hotels were booked up. I had stayed at the Hilton Paddington earlier in my trip, and so am comparing the Hilton Kensington to it, since the stays were just days apart.Overall, not quite up to par for a Hilton. If you are working near this hotel, then stay here, but, overall, it is not too convenient a location and far from the closest tube stop.I had to check in very late due to a late flight and the front desk was nice, although they could not upgrade me. They offered breakfast vouchers instead (two vouchers for three people), but it didn't matter since only I ate breakfast, in the end.The bedroom was small-ish and they had to roll in a cot (which we had pre-arranged). It arrived reasonably quickly, given the late hour, and was pretty comfortable for a roll-away. But there was barely enough space in the room to fit it (we had to put the side table underneath the desk to fit the cot!).Everything worked, which is always nice.Again, nice to have a bottle of still and a bottle of sparking water -- my fave perks (and quite necessary for a dehydrated frequent traveller).The bathroom was fine, nothing special, but good water pressure in the shower.Concierge was very helpful with directions to a hard-to-find art gallery.Internet access was supremely overprices.Overall, very clean and usable room but I'd recommend the Hilton Paddington over this one, if the prices are comparable. For 250GBP a night, I'd prefer something a little more luxurious.Check out was easy and the breakfast buffet had quite a large selection, though most of the food was mediocre and the service was spotty and inattentive.	
Apr 23 2007 	great hotel lovely staff	stopped at the hilton kensington as our friend was running the marathon, we booked the hotel where you great the meal on the first night, went to the restaurant was met by one of the friendly members of staff, who then showed us to our table, meal was fantastic and wine was quite good value for money at only 18.00 a bottle. The wine in the bar is 7.45 a glass so buying a bottle is a lot cheaper. The room was excellent but then we did get free upgrade being a hilton honors member, our friends room i must admit did look a bit tired and worn out, but it was clean and fresh. Breakfast was excellent, with a huge choice of food. The street on which the hotel was on was nice too with lots of nice little restaurants and bars for you to eat in, the castle pub was lovely and the staff nice there too. I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wishes to have a nice place to visit london	
Apr 20 2007 	Bed! Very bed! Too bed!	Staff is &quot;ok&quot;, just &quot;ok&quot;...The rest is ...Don't know how to describe! Do not go to stay at this hotel if you have any other chance. Gold HHonors member and stayed many Hilton's worlwide but this the worse. I have no idea what Hilton guys doing at their offices. They don't know, or they don't care what is going at this hotel? Room is so small, old furniture, noisy (from tubes, air conditioner, from the street, from the corridor, from everywhere)...Check-in was ok but than everything was unbelivable! I asked concierge to arrabge a cab for me to the airport, his friend came to pick me up! I asked concierge where is the nearest sushi rest, he said in Notting Hill, walking 10 mins, went there, took 25 mins, abd it is a take away place! No heating in the room, freezing in the night! Oh, I just don't want to write more, but this is not only the worse Hilton I have ever seen, but one of the really bed hotels I have ever seen. If you have any other chance, if you don't have to, stay away from this hotel. I am not sure that this is a real Hilton.	
Apr 17 2007 	Lovely affordable Hilton in London	This is always my first choice when in London as its affordable luxury (can normally get rooms for £60 - £90 a night) which for London is good. Bus stop outside that takes you to Oxford Street in about 15 minutes, could walk it in about an hour through holland park, nottinghill then bayswater.Stayed here about ten times and have never faulted the service you receive and neither has any friends and family who have also stayed here. Beautiful hotel, lovely rooms and staff are brilliant and friendly.Good restaurant just up the road, cant remember what its called but an americam theme and is good (brown windows and doors and near the tube)Lovely area and nice to walk around the hotel as it has amazing houses and parks close by (can walk through the actual prk to get to kensington high street).	
Apr 15 2007 	A detailed(ish) review of the Hilton London Kensington and surroundings	Firstly about the location and getting to and from the hotel. Be sure to buy an oyster card as this is the cheapest way to travel in London and gives you access to bus and tube routes depending on which zones you need. The tourist zones are 1 and 2. You’ll probably never need to go out of these. The nearest tube station to the Hilton London Kensington is Holland park tube station (central line), but that is a good 15 minute stroll along Holland park avenue. The tube was closed for the majority of my stay so I had to rely on busses and Notting Hill Gate tube. The area is safe and has plenty of shops so if you forget anything from home, you can find a Tesco Metro next to Holland Park tube station.Also, Busses to Piccadilly Circus (the 94) stop over the road from the hotel so this was convenient.This hotel is OK and really that’s all I can say. Standard. It does not have any kind of WOW factor nor does it have particularly impressive interior (considering it's just been renovated). After check in (which was swift and pleasant) I made my way to the room which was on the executive floor 6 (floors 6 &amp; 7 are executive floors) and when I entered my room I was really quite surprised at how small it was. The bathroom was really tiny and didn‘t have a bath! I’m 6”0 tall and my head almost touched the ceiling in the shower! Although the room was small, it was equipped with all the necessary toiletries etc (complimentary bottled water in the room, The Times in the morning -that sort of thing).The executive lounge is definitely worth visiting. Every morning a continental breakfast is served and snacks and soft drinks are served during the day. In the evening between 6:00pm - 8:30pm alcoholic drinks are served too. The good stuff like bottles of Stella and Becks larger, red and white wine and all top brand spirits and mixers, even Courvoisier brandy! Cheers!There are a couple of bars and clubs in Notting Hill and a Pizza express, but really you want to be in the heart of the west end lapping up the atmosphere when in London. If you want to book a show, I recommend you do this prior to your visit as you will pay a lot less. Don’t use the hotel concierge! If you don’t have time to book tickets before your stay, you can buy them from booths in Leicester Square or even at the theatre box office. I went to see “Little Shop Of Horrors” (my favourite show) and “Les Miserables” and both shows were absolutely fantastic! Just be extra careful when in London. Tourists are targets for being ripped off. I’m originally from London but have lived in Manchester for years and I know that you can sometimes feel uneasy. This year in London I must have been approached by a beggar on a daily basis. Maybe it’s coincidence but I’m sure it hasn’t happened as often as in previous years. Now I know this happens in all major cities, but just be careful about who you buy tickets from and street traders. Common sense really! Tours every visitor to London MUST do are: The Tower of London (see the crown jewels), St Pauls Cathedral (for it’s sheer beauty) and see a west show (please see little shop of horrors if it’s still on, I gave the cast a standing ovation. Alistair McGowan as the dentist was hilarious and Sheridan Smith as Audrey had a fantastic voice very talented. A really exceptional performance. all the cast were exceptional!). Now back to the hotel, it has a small gym, a sauna and a steam room which was OK but I only used it once. There is a bar and a restaurant on the ground floor, but again, you’re in London GET OUT OF YOUR HOTEL AND TASTE THE CITY!Really, you’d have to be a bit boring if you want to dine in this very standard hotel. It’s quite hard to imagine this hotel has been recently renovated. I’m not saying the hotel is scruffy or dirty, just not very modern. The TV in the hotel rooms are very standard. You’d probably expect an LCD TV in a freshly renovated 4*hotel, but not this one.If the executive floors have such small bathrooms, I can’t imagine how small the other rooms are.My only real complaint with this more than adequate hotel is the size of the room. This was the first hotel I’ve stayed in where the bathroom had no “bath”, and I would not expect that from a 4* Hilton Executive room. This is why I have rated it this way.I was mainly comparing this hotel to the Hilton Paddington, where I stayed at last time I was in London. The executive room I got there was much bigger and had a coffee percolator, bigger TV and just generally higher standards. More like a suite…So if you want a little more space and a more central location, maybe this hotel would be better for you. I hope this review has helped. I’d be happy to answer any questions.	
Apr 13 2007 	FANTASTIC TIME!	I have just returned home after a two night break with my Husband and 8 year old son. From the moment we checked in, to the time we left, we could not find fault with anything. The rooms are quite small, especially with three in the room, but when in London there are so many more things to see and do than sit in your room! Although small, we find the rooms always exceptionally clean, and I am very fussy! The staff are particularly good - the restaurant staff (breakfast), the reception, the house keeping, the concierge and in the executive lounge. They are all very attentive and couldn't do enough for you.The breakfast is very good, as they are in most Hilton hotels.The location is in a very picturesque, safe neighbourhood but so near to the tube stations that your trip into central London is very easy. The Tesco Express on the way is good for picking up a picnic lunch to save on money and queuing later in the day whilst out and about sightseeing.This is our second stay here and have tried various other Hiltons in London, but this is our favourite and plan another stay in the Summer.	
Apr 10 2007 	Will Definitely Return	I stayed at this hotel for about three days and would definately stay there again. My boyfriend and I were visiting London for the first time and this hotel suited our needs and wallets perfectly. I have stayed in some so-called decent hotels and been disappointed in the past. But this Hilton was clean and had all the amenities I wanted. There are two bice restaurants in the lobby, one that is even open 24 hours. While we were there, they were renovating, but we honestly barely noticed it. Also, the staff were the most friendly people we encountered in London, and were very helpful. From the moment we walked in, they made us feel comfortable.My only caveat is that our standard room was on the small side. It was especially hard to lug our bags into the door. For two people, next time I will definately upgrade my room. Other than that, the room was great. The furniture, bedding, and bathroom were clean and looked new.This hotel also worked well for us because the area was near everything we needed. There are two tube stations within five minutes or less walking distance. The street is also lined with cafes, a few restaurants, a small supermarket, a couple convenience stores, and even a Starbucks. We actually ate at a pizza place about three minutes from the hotel that had excellent pizza.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay. It was great to come back to this hotel after a long day of walking and signtseeing.	
Apr 10 2007 	Stay away from room service!	We stayed here for 5 nights---a nice average Hilton Hotel, which was undergoing renovations. The location is good and, while not in an area with much nightlife, was easily accessible by bus or tube. However, the room service food was very poor! My husband had a pizza which was similar to the lower end pizzas sold in the frozen food section of grocery stores. Very poor quality. Then he ordered a steak pie, which was so hard it couldn't be eaten plus the bottom was burned. He asked room service to bring another one and received another pie in the same condition. The waiter said that is how they're delivered to the hotel. He had the waiter return that to the kitchen as well and asked that it be removed from the bill, which they did not do. We had to ask the hotel management to remove the charge. Clearly, the kitchen just orders some frozen food from a central food concern, probably pays a dollar or two for each meal and then jacks up the price sky high. One would expect such low fare in very low class hotels or restaurants, but not in a Hilton and NOT AT $20-30 PRICES!!! If the pizza had cost the hotel a dollar, I would be surprised. The kitchen management should be ashamed of itself for serving such inferior food.	
Apr 5 2007 	An average Hilton	I arrived late, check-in was quick. The room was on the 1st floor and luckily on the back (the front street is really busy). The room size is standard for London, the bed was quite good, the bathroom very small. Chair and carpet weren't that clean (something I would accept in a cheap motel, not at a Hilton) and the walls and bathroom should be refreshed. BTW, if you are 1m90+ don't try to shower, your head would hit the roof.Haven't checked out their breakfast, there's a Paul and Starbucks a good 5 minutes walk from the hotel (next to Holland Park tube station).	
Mar 28 2007 	Lovely Neighborhood- Standard Hilton	We just returned from a three night stay in London and found that this Hilton more than met our needs. The room was a very decent size (although the a/c didn't work too well) and everything was clean. It really met all Hilton standards. Great neighborhood on the other hand- close to Notting Hill, five min to the metro stop... we found the staff to be friendly and the overall stay was great. With all the hotel options in London, this is a very safe bet.	
Mar 21 2007 	Just OK	Stayed here over New Year 2006/07...Accommodation pretty standard; breakfast OK (though exceptionally long queues on a Saturday morning)...very average in general (nice to have an ice machine on each floor though).Hotel is expensive for what it is...if you have a car (which we had) the introduction of the congestion charge would put you off paying it and staying here.TipIf you've a car, the hotel carpark is extortionately expensive..park across the road in Royal Crescent (no charge after early evening or from Saturday afternoon- Sunday)	
Mar 18 2007	Dreadful	Terrible hotel. Unfriendly, unhelpful staff. Dirty rooms (someone's old sock in mine, coke cans and newspapers on floor of my colleagues room). Would not stay here again if at all possible.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great value	We just returned from staying at the London Hilton Kensington. The room was large for European standards. We were on a floor that was being remodeled. Construction was ongoing during our entire stay, but it was absolutely no problem. They worked quickly, and they never bothered us at all. Our room hadn't been remodeled yet, and it was still in fine shape, so I can only imagine how it would be to be in one with fresh paint, wallpaper, and carpeting. The concierge was helpful. The lounges and the restaurant were busy and nice. The frontdesk was helpful as well. Overall, we had absolutely no complaints and the price was excellent. As far as its location, we travelled to the touristy sites daily, and found this area to be convenient, as it was near the Holland Park tube stop and two buses stop directly across the street. We stayed out late for the pubs, and had no problem getting back to the hotel on the transit. This may be the best kept secret in the Hilton chain in London. It wasn't breathtaking, but highly adequate for a visit, work, or simple leisure. We saw some of the airline employees staying here as well. I'll certainly return to this hotel if I have the opportunity.	
Mar 5 2007 	small but acceptable	My husband and I stayed at this hotel while we were having a long weekend in London for a friend's wedding. Our flight arrived early in the morning and we wanted to rest for the wedding later in the evening. We explained this to the staff and were able to get a very early check in time. The room itself was fine. Everything was new and clean and very modern. The bed was very comfortable as far as hotel beds go. The bathroom was small but the shower did have plenty of water pressure. The shower stall was very small (no bathtub) and really tall or really obese people might have a difficult time. The room was also really small and a little hard to get around if two people are trying to dress at the same time. There are renovations going in the hotel so there is some noise during the week. Overall the hotel was just fine but certainly not luxurious. It was clean, the staff was helpful, and overall we had no problems. We like the Kensington area as we have been to London a few times and have our preferred neighborhoods. If it is a first visit to London, the location might not be so great and you might want to stay somewhere closer to the center of town.	
Feb 18 2007 	Not worth the price	Only stayed for 1 night prior to being picked up for a tour. I had just arrived from a long flight and was really tired, I arrived about midday and they would not check me in early which is fine they have to stick to the 3pm rule until I heard the person checking in beside me ask the same thing and their request granted. I should have made a scene to get my way but I didn't so not sure how successful I would have been.The room I had was tiny there was nowhere to put the suitcase not sure if others in the hotel were larger. The room was basically as big as the bed with no room to get around the bed. Bathroom was extra tiny. The room was clean with modern decor.Very spacious lobby &amp; restaurant. Only had breakfast there and it was OK nothing too flash but perfectly adequate.Didn't try public transport from here but it did appear a bit out the way	
Feb 17 2007 	Acceptable but could do better	I arrived early after a flight from Cairo at about 11am and due to the hotel being fully booked the evening before, even as a hilton honors member was not able to get a room until about 1:30. Bad luck here. The staff at the front desk was very attentive and did their best to accommodate me. Finally I was given a room. It was small but very clean with a plasma tv and appeared refurbished. I proceeded to sleep for a couple of hours. Upon waking I went to make a coffee and have a cigarette and found there wasn't an ashtray. I phoned and requested one to be sent up and was told it was a non-smoking room though my res was clearily for a smoking room and I had discussed it at the front desk. I was immediately given a new room. The new room was much larger and had a full-size bathtub which I had requested where as the other did not. Everything was very clean. The furniture was tired, but walls, drapes, bedding, everything else was in good condition. The electrical outlet for coffee maker did not work and I had to use floor outlet. The major drawback to this room, even though facing the street and had a big window, was that even with all lights on it was very dark.Likes: Very comfortable bed, roomy for London, price 89 sterling +vat, all hotel staff were great, bus stop right in front of hotel, Shepherds Bush tube 3 minutes walkingDislikes: dark room, 15 sterling + vat broadband, food/drink expensive, AM/PM Lounge staff very unattentive,	
Feb 13 2007 	Nice hotel a bit far out	Hotel was nice. about 20 mins from city center but the bus stops just outside the door which is fine. The tube line was out of service this weekend when I was there so i had to get the bus into town. the hotel is very close to Notting Hill, about 5 minute walk. Got a taxi to the airport which cost just under £40, good price and very fast.Room was small but refurbished. Bed was very comfy and shower was great. Hairdryer in the room wwas the best I have ever found in a hotel. Tea coffee and buscuits were nice for a snack. Room service was prompt and food was hot, a bit pricy tho.drinks in the room are expensiveInternet access is expensive £3 for 15 mins.......I would say this hotel is 3* def not 4*	
Feb 9 2007 	Comfy bed crappy location	Got this place on priceline for the low, low price of $200 USD per night...what a rip off....priceline quotes this place as a four star...definately overrated....it's a three star at best. The room I booked was renovated and that in itself was quite nice. The bed was comfy and the sheets and pillows made for a nice sleep. If you request a 'renovated room', which you should, be aware that if they stick you on the third floor (which they did for me) they are currently renovating that floor - so it can be noisy. The hotel itself seemed depressing, almost deserted and the moment you enter the lobby from the outside you're hit with a bizarre smell...not a bad smell, just *weird*. If you're arriving from the underground via Heathrow, have fun navigating the route - a nightmare. This hotel is on the outskirts of central London - not much around it but nice homes and offices. If you're wanting to be in the middle of things, DO NOT book this place. If you're wanting to stay in a quiet, isolated place then you'll love it.	
Feb 6 2007 	Worst Hilton I've ever stayed at	If you are looking for a hotel that lives up to the name of Kensington, DONT stay here. though, the bed was good, it was bad all alround. The service staff is terrible and don't speak English very well. After a long haul flight, I had to wait 15 minutes before I could check in. It seemed that the staff didn't know to call for extra assistance when a queue was starting to form. The HHonors line was way long, and the front desk clerk didn't have the customer service skill to help those that were waiting the longest, but immediately helped three younger ladies that wander into the queue. I mean, was he BLIND to those loyal HHonors customers that were waiting longer?My internet connection, for whatever reason was working, and I called down to the staff and they said they would have an IT person fix it and call me back. Well, she never did. When I call back they had an engineer come to check the connection, and then HE told me to call the IBAHN 800 number. Why didn't they tell me that in the first place.The health club is located on the lower level. The in room brochure said that we could use our room key to go and access the fitness facilities. When I went down there, a staff member said &quot;Oh, you need to get a key from the concierge&quot;...Well, WHY DIDN'T THEY STATE THAT IN THEIR PRINTED MATERIALS IN THE ROOM? This was the third inconvenience, and i went upstairs in a huff (sorry), and because the doors didn't have any hydraulics, they banged a lot. THEN the staff person kinda told me off and said in a condescending way, &quot;there's no need to bang the doors&quot;. AS IF I WAS REALLY TRYING....Also, while they advertised sauna and steam facilities, they forgot to mention that the changing room, the sauna and steam were UNISEX! I can understand the sauna and steam being unisex, but the changing room? No way, Jose.The executive lounge was cramped and crowded. There was no way to relax in that facility at all.Every night that I've called for a wake up call, I've had to repeat myself as to the time. I don't know if it's their comprehension of English, but the hospitality is lacking in their staff.If you can find another Hilton to stay at, do so. I won't stay here again.	
Feb 3 2007 	Definitely not as horrible as they say...	I got this for $80 on Priceline, October 12-15, 2006. I'm not sure what was going on at the time besides Diwali, but almost all hotels except the priciest ones were completely booked, so I had to settle for this area.I was afraid of being too far from everything since this was my first trip to London, and I wanted to see the touristy stuff. However, it wasn't too bad at all. It was easy to find from the Holland Park tube stop, and I didn't even have to look at my map (go right when you exit, and it's a little way down and across the street).The street has lots of nice shops, bakeries, restaurants, etc., so I was happy to find it was a pleasant area. At some point during the stay, they closed the tube stops closest to the hotel, but the bus that picks up right outside the door took us just about everywhere we wanted to go anyway.Check-in was very quick and simple, and my room was easy to find. I couldn't believe all the complaints when I got there. The room was spotless, and it was huge compared to other European hotels I've visited. The bathroom was a good size, and there was plenty of room in the main area to spread my junk all over my side of the room and still be able to walk around. I didn't bother with the coffee and shortbread, so I can't comment on that. I didn't watch much television, but there were plenty of channels, including an Iranian one that seemed to show the same ongoing soap opera 24 hours a day minus azan breaks. My view of the street was blocked by trees, but I guess that's better than a wall.I ignored the restaurant since I heard the prices were outrageous, and I try to avoid hotel restaurants anyway. The lobby was large and lively at night as I waited for my friend who was arriving from Spain. She got in pretty late, so the only thing open in the area was the Indian restaurant, Bombay Bicycle Club. It was not the best Indian I've had, but it was good enough to kill our starvation.The only problem I did have was with the lack of English skills from the concierge desk. The only thing we asked for was a bus map due to the tube closure. It took forever to explain what a bus map was, and he kept telling us they don't have bus maps and pulled out a tube map and started circling sites we should see. We told him we already had that map and our plans were set, but we needed a bus map. He told us once again that they don't have bus maps. Finally, we gave up and started to head back to our room when he said, &quot;The only other thing I have is this, but it probably won't help,&quot; and it was a bus map! And he had a whole box full of them. &quot;Bus&quot; and &quot;map&quot; are two words you learn in just about every elementary language class, so I don't understand why it was such a problem, but it truly took nearly 45 minutes to get it out of him.Other than that ordeal, and the unannounced construction on my day of departure that made it near-impossible to escape the hotel, everything about this place was fine. We had a great room and great service, so I don't see where the complaints are coming from. But we also got sunny blue skies and perfect weather for our whole trip, so I guess we're just lucky.	
Feb 1 2007 	So not worth the visit	Myself and my friend decided to have long weekend break...when we arrived everything seemed fine... however the service went down hill...after a day out our room we returned at 7 room wasnt serviced so we waited hopeing next day we would get a service ...a lady knocked and gave us towels and walked away we tried to explain we were on our way our it was half 10 but she said no problem but we returned agin that day and we serviced our own room.... next day wasnt cleaned either.. we asked for towels and were handed them and we went and bought our own t-bags and milk...our room was across from a laundry room where linen and trolleys and bags were kept so every day and night it constantly banged with porters bringing bags and housekeeping going back and forth so we coulnt rest up proper ...even though we explained we were trying to rest... diffrent menbers of staff were going back and forth so it was pointless... my friend had a call card which she rang reception to ask if their was a charge to use phone she was told 50p however it turned out to be 2.50. we tried to explain but receptionist refused to refund anything..hard to believe it was 2.50 just to use the phone when she bought a call card to save money....bar staff and reception staff were very rude and ignored us with conversations about their shifts and days off...and that included a manager....over all these little things of hygiene , noise and bad manners will make sure we will never return again...was very disappointed as stayed in hilton in paddington and was delighted with service	
Feb 1 2007 	Comfortable and good for transport	If you want to avoid the high costs of central London equivalents, this is a good choice. You can get some great rates here and it's still easy to get onto London's main tourist trail by tube, Queensway station's just a few minutes walk away. OK, it's not Hilton's best hotel but my room was clean, comfortable and well-equipped, although a little on the small side. Reception can often feel like a bordel but I got a great greeting at the front desk and had nothing but good service from any of the staff. However, plan on eating out (although not at the Indian restaurant across the road) as the food's not the best value for money.	
Jan 28 2007 	Good Hilton Ken	I stayed for 5 nights in January for a conference. I had previously emailed the hotel and asked for a refurbished room, as I knew some had been done and some hadn't. I had a room on the 4th floor, which was pleasant, immaculately clean and very comfortable. Bathroom was small but typical of a central London hotel. Drinks in the bar were hideously expensive. Good places to eat in the vicinity.Tip - try and get a room on the 4th/5th/6th floor as these seem to have been refurbished.Would stay again, but not if I was picking up the bar bill!	
Jan 15 2007 	OK but we won't be staying again	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night and paid £80 through the hotels website. The room was small, it was clean but was looking a little tired round the edges. Our bathroom was tiny, there was not a full size bath, no shower curtain and a rusty shower curtain pole. We did mention to reception that we had a missing shower curtain and it was fitted within 30 minutes. The bar area was very smoky and the drinks were very overpriced (£15.00 for a g&amp;t and a jd &amp; coke). We had an evening meal in the restaurant and this was good. If we were coming up to London again for the weekend, we wouldn't stay here again - we have stayed in much better hotels that were not that much more money.	
Jan 12 2007 	Worst hotel we have ever stayed in	One of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at. We were there for a conference that was going on close to the hotel. Although the reception area was nice, our room was very shabby. Our first evening we were meeting people for drinks in the lobby, I had forgotten my gloves and popped back into our room only to hear a funny sound coming from the bathroom. Upon entering discovered water literally pouring from the ceiling tiles above onto the bathroom floor! If I would not have gone back then, we would have come back to a fully saturated bedroom! Also, the drinks in the bar were astronomically priced. For 6 doubles (which were not doubles) we paid over $77 pounds.! Ordered room service for lunch the next day &amp; had to return the meal..it was cold and tasted as if it came out of a tin! The only concession was that the staff were really nice.	
Dec 28 2006 	Good value for London	Good value for London, a bit far from the theather area but with 2 subways near by. ( Sheperds Bush and Holland Park).-We booked through the hotel website 3 months in advance and we got a 60 pound rate, very good for London.-Rooms are larger than normal for Europe. ( We even had a side table). ( Ask for de refurbished rooms).-Ok bathroom with bathtobe.-Ok mini bar.-TV, with &quot;on command&quot;.-Very expensive Breakfast. 18 pounds.-Dont take a cab form central london 25 pounds at night.	
Dec 20 2006 	No care in the world!	Nice location, reception decorated nicely.Other than that, terrible!Overcharged- the price we were told by reception was wrong (admitted it) but still charged the higher as &quot;Dat is die price&quot;.Workmen in the room next door started drilling at &amp; AM- not good when you have been out late the night before, and when complaining- told &quot;We ARE doing works yes. Sorry!&quot;No attempt to placate us at all!Very rude staff in the Restaurant- (You have NOT paid for breakfast) - again, a mistake of the receptionist from the night before.I would NEVER stay in this hotel again- wrote a letter of complaint, to recieve an apology and &quot;Free Breakfast on yoiur next stay&quot;.Considering I had just paid nearly £300 for a terrible experience, I think it's safe to say Ill never be claiming it!	
Dec 10 2006 	A Very Pleasant Stay!!!!	The Hilton Kensington was one of four hotels I stayed in during a recent trip and I was very happy with that choice (made unwittingly by Priceline).I had a modern, refurbished king-bedded room on the 5th floor (which I had to request) which was very simply but pleasantly decorated. The amenities in the room were basic but more than enough. Little touches like shortbread biscuits restocked each day were a nice touch. The room was well-maintained each day and the staff I encountered were very friendly and helpful. A mistaken charge to the automated minibar was immediately removed. I also enjoyed the flatscreen TV.My room had a rather grim view westward towards Shepherd's Bush and some other buildings, but it was kind of immaterial.The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Shepherd's Bush tube, round an unpleasant roundabout. 10 minutes the other way along a very pretty tree-lined street to Holland Park tube. Busses outside door (literally) go right to West End.Lobby very modern and relaxed. Everything seemed very new. The health club is in the basement and a bit depressing. I used only the first day. TVs on and fluorescent light, but clean and bright.I would give a very big thumbs up to this hotel and would hope that next time I book on Priceline, it comes up.	
Nov 23 2006 	The Tops!	I recently spent ten nights at the Kensington Hilton and had a wonderful time. My room was located on the 5th floor and was absolutely perfect. The entire staff, from management to check-in to housekeeping were polite, professional and very helpful. I can't imagine how someone could feel otherwise. The hotel is located in a very nice area of London and is fairly close to two underground stations. I personally felt that the Holland Park station was a nicer walk...maybe 10 minutes at most. Very nice Starbucks near the tube stop for that NEEDED morning jolt!DO NOT, however, make the mistake (as I did) of using the phone in your room. 5 relatively short calls to the States cost me nearly $250. Not the hotel's fault...I should have known better.This hotel is GREAT and I look forward to my next trip to London. I will certainly stay at the Kensington Hilton again!!!!!	
Nov 7 2006 	Dissapointed!!!	My stay at the Hilton Kensington was not what I would expect from Hilton. The staff was unhelpful and to get a wake up call it took at least 15 rings before the front desk would pick up the phone. I had also left my luggage there for a few days while I took a short trip to Scottland only to return and find the zipper on my suite case had been tampered with and it took 30 mins just to get it open myself. Not at all the condition I had left it in. Luckily I had taken all my valuables with me! They also charge you a &quot;charity donation fee&quot; without asking or explaining which &quot;charity&quot; this goes to. The room was ok, but really small.	
Nov 7 2006	Great hotel great location	I booked this hotel through Hotwire and was pleasantly surprised. This was my first trip to London. The hotel is in a beautiful, mostly residential neighborhood close to central London. The homes and parks that surround the hotel are gorgeous. I felt very safe there, even walking around at night. There are plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants close by and the Holland Park tube stop is a few blocks away. I recommend The Castle, a cool pub/bar on the way to the tube stop, as well as Mr. Pumpernink's, a pizza by the slice place. There is also a Tesco Express where you can get prepared foods, fruit, yogurt, croissants, beer, etc if you don't want to spend money on restaurants, which are super expensive (for Americans, anyway, because of the exchange rate). There are two buses that stop right in front of the hotel that take you directly to central London, too. Holland Park is kind of behind the hotel and it's really beautiful, a little green oasis in the middle of the city. There are many embassies and mansions nearby. The room was clean, modern, and very comfortable. I had no complaints. The staff was friendly and helpful and the lobby was nice, with a lounge and a restaurant, and internet access. The concierge was helpful and the tourist bus (double decker, open roof) picks up right in front of the hotel every morning. I highly recommend this hotel. We got a rate of $92 a night (that's dollars, not pounds) through Hotwire. I felt that was an excellent value in a city where most &quot;bargain&quot; hotels start at 100 pounds per night.	
Nov 6 2006 	Good experience!	I emailed the reservation staff prior to arriving to request adjoining rooms as we have 3 small children and also to request the bed types and non-smoking rooms. The email exchanges were very pleasant and professional. We missed our morning flight and had to take an overnight flight. I called the front desk to let them know that we will be arriving early morning the next day instead and to make sure they keep the rooms for us until check out time so we can shower and get a few hours of sleep. The staff was very courteous and even offered a late check out of 2pm instead of 12noon. When we got there, we were told that we had 3 rooms instead of 2. As it turned out, the 2 rooms which were adjoined were: 1 room with living area/flat screen tv/bathroom/fridge and the other room was the bedroom with a queen bed/flat screen tv and bathroom. The 3rd room was across the hall with two twin beds set up together and a 3rd bed for our 3rd child (with no extra charge). The rooms need some updating but were clean and the beds were very comfortable. The overall experience was excellent and we were very happy with the service and courtesy of the staff.	
Oct 30 2006 	Extemely Disappointing	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I was a little worried but went ahead with it anyway. I wish I hadn't, it was a horrible start to a wonderful holiday. I've never experienced staff as rude and unaccommodating at a hotel before in my life. We requested an early check in as we arrived from Australia at 5am and this was &quot;granted&quot;, when we got there we were informed there was nothing they could do but we had to wait until 3pm, then they laughed about it. The hotel room was very old and needed attention, my husband was too tall to shower standing up in the bathroom.I would definitely not recommend this hotel, I just wished I'd listened to the others.	
Oct 27 2006 	Better late than never - Hotel rooms need facelift	A group of us traveled to London and stayed at this well worn hotel. There are good points to this hotel, as well as negative. The good: location. The hotel has access to close public transportation - walking is also a lovely option and the dining area is remodeled. The negative: Although the dining area has had a face lift, our hotel room was very old and in desperate need of attention. It was very dismal. Also, we were there in July - right in the middle of a nasty heatwave - and there is no air conditioning (and from what I hear, typical of London). Hilton should spend some resources to make the views from the rooms more palatable - we overlooked an industrial site - or so it seemed. I am not sure I'd stay here again - I'd rather find a more updated hotel.	
Oct 21 2006 	A bit disappointing	Overall I found the the Hilton London Kensington a bit disappointing. The room was tiny for a 4 star hotel, even for London standards, though in general in good condition. However it was January when I stayed here and the room was pretty hot. The only way to get the temperature in the room down to an acceptable level was to keep the window open at all times, which was possible since the room was on the backside of the hotel and not towards the busy street infront. Other facilities were quite limited. The lobby and bar area were pretty hectic and felt more like a busy railway station.The location of the Hilton though is quite good within walking distance of two underground stations, unfortunately both on the same line, bringing you quite conveniently into central London and to Ealing Broadway. From there you can change to the Heathrow Connect service for Heathow airport which is a much cheaper and for this hotel also faster alternative to the Heathrow Express service into Paddington.	
Oct 19 2006 	Comfy beds	Fantastic hotel, booked a couple of rooms in the executive floor which were just the right size. Our rooms were next to each other which was really good. The holland park tube station is about a 10 min walk and doest take long to get into the centre of London or there is a bus stop outside. We took the bus along to the Hard Rock Cafe and was £1.50 (exact change only) and dropped us off at the corner so quite handy. They have net access downstairs (if you dont have a laptop) which costs £5 for 30 mins, if you need to print anything check with reception that there printer is working before you try printing. (this is handy for printing boarding passes for the plane)If you do get a room at the front of the hotel, beaware that the traffic outside can get noisy police sirens etc so close your window over at night.	
Oct 13 2006	Absoloutely Fabulous	Just came back from London. We stayed at the Hilton Kensington and were completely satisfied. The newly renovated rooms are amazing. The beds are sooooo comfortable. We actually stayed at this hotel two separate times. The first time for three days and the second time for two days. We had a rental car and were able to park underground. Although it is under the hotel it is not owned by the hotel. You do get a discount if you get the front desk to stamp your parking receipt. Area is fantastic - close to the Shepherd Bush tube station or the Holland Park tube station. If you use the Holland Park tube station there is a Tesco Express (mini grocery store) just when you come out so it is handy for when you are going back to the hotel to pick up a few things. The only thing that I can say is to stay away from the mini bar (as always extremely over priced). The restaurants and bars downstairs in the lobby are no better either. But you can walk to Shepherd Bush and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. But directly across the street from the hotel is an excellent Greek restaurant (Kleftika) - highly recommended. I love this area (my father grew up there and I know the area well) and anyone who stays at the Hilton will be very pleased.	
Oct 9 2006 	Pretty good	Cant understand how anyone could call this hotel &quot;terrible&quot;.I was very satisfied with it for my three night stay. It's about a three and a half star which I got on Priceline for a two star price so I am very happy with it.Nice location with an excellent bus service.Bar a bit quiet and bathroom small but very clean and tidy.	
Sep 28 2006 	Good for a one night visit	I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for one night at the end of August. The booking was made at the very last minute through and I paid £63 for the room. The hotel is at the far western end of Kensington and is pratically in Shepherds Bush, but at least this way Shepherds Bush tube station was only a five minute walk away! The hotel reception is very contemporary and we received a nice welcome despite the fact that we arrived a little worse for wear at 1.30am! The bar man cheerfully made our nightcaps before heading up to the room. The room itself was rather disappointing as the decor is not up to the same standard as reception and is definitely on the small side; but for the rate I paid I wasn't complaining! Refurbishment of the rooms is apparently under way so maybe the decor issue will be addressed throughout the hotel soon. Had a slight issue after I checked out as a random charge appeared on my credit card statement. A quick phone call got the charge removed but it is something worth looking out for perhaps. All in all a good place to get your head down, but I wouldn't choose this hotel if I wanted to be close to the centre of town.	
Sep 19 2006 	Not a good choice at all	My mother and i stayed here for two nights in September. Not a good first impression as on checking in after requesting an early check in we were told our room wasn't ready at midday. We had also requested a low floor as my mother is claustrophobic and will not use lifts and this was not granted also. We were told &quot;its only a request not guaranteed&quot; We finally were given a room on the 1st floor but the hotel doesn't have stairs and I had to go up in the lift and go down the fire escape to let my mother in from outside the hotel all through the stay !!!!. The room itself was tiny...our confirmation described a 19m sq room, in reality it was nowhere near that. the room was very very shabby and tired and did not live up to my expectations. At dinner on the 1st night I found a hair in my starter and was only offered a replacement !! plus a glass of wine in the restaurant was £7.45 which in my eyes is extortionate even for London !!. Only plus point was breakfast, plenty of variety and keeps you going all day. I will not be returning, the Hilton group should hang their heads in shame.	
Sep 15 2006	Loved the Kensington Hilton	Just returned from 4 nights at the Kensington Hilton. We got a great advance purchase deal for 65 pounds and it was just great. Even though our room wasn't ready upon arrival at 3pm - the staff were very friendly and apologetic. We had to wait for 45 mins. Hotel is ideally situated in Holland Park (2 bus stops from the Tube Station - 1 bus stop from Shepherds Bush). Great rooms on 4th floor - recently renovated rooms which I made sure I asked for having read previous reviews - a double and twin with adjoining doors as requested. Couldn't believe our luck. Even though its on a busy road its away from the buzz of the city centre and a beautiful residential area. The girls spent their days trying to spot celebrities .... Not a single complaint about the room except to be careful of the minibar. The girls wanted to put some chocolate/coke into the fridge and moved the contents to make room for it. Everything in the fridge is on a sensor and so we were charged for everything that moved !!!! A quick word with reception and the offending items were removed from the bill - no problem.94 and 148 buses stop right outside the hotel and go to Marble Arch and Oxford Circus - or just to the tube stations at Holland Park and Notting Hill Gate. Found the tube much quicker for getting around especially at rush hour.We didn't include breakfast in our deal and don't regret it as there was a Starbucks and Tescos at the Holland Park tube station and lots of little places for breakfast nearby -including the Bagel Factory at Notting Hill Gate. A few nice restaurants in Holland Park and more possibilities at Notting Hill Gate - Pizza Express etc. The Sightseeing bus tour actually leaves from outside the hotel every 20 mins between 08.00 and 10.30 (tickets from the Concierge).Looking forward to our next stay although I suspect the prices will go up once the renovations are completely finished !	
Sep 14 2006 	Nothing to mention - it's just a hotel	Never had any problems at this hotel - bar a fire alarm at 3:30am, but that's not the hotel's fault - but there's never been anything special, either.Arriving at the hotel, there's a nice lobby area with a doorman who's always happy to get a taxi. Repeated stays has seen the same service time and time again. Check in is normally a lengthy affair, although the staff are attentive and communicative. It just seems like there's never quite enough of them.The rooms are standard multinational affairs, with little flair but efficient enough. Somewhat on the small side, there's nothing to really complain about. However, the shower is fantastic - constant temperature and very powerful!The restaurant is a similar story - fine for what it is, but nothing to excite you, although the breakfasts are generally pretty good.Car parking is underground but, if you've got a low slung sports car, make sure you go in nice and slow - I've managed to scrape the front AND back of my car on the way in and out. Parking is expensive, but competitive for London.The location is right on the corner of Shepherds Bush, so there's plenty of traffic outside but it's never intrusive. There's a tube station within a very short walk, along with shops, bars, restaurant and a cinema. The tube journey into town is always longer than you expect, but it's cheaper than the £10+ taxi ride.What this hotel does offer above many others is good value for money. As a major chain brand hotel, the price (we've never paid more than £75 a night, including breakfast for two) is pretty good, and far cheaper than some more central hotels.Overall, nothing ot complain about and nothing to write home about. It's the Ford Mondeo of the hotel world.	
Aug 30 2006 	Very enjoyable stay	I booked a two night stay in an executive room over the bank holiday using my Tesco Clubcard Deals vouchers. I was expecting to be treated as a slightly less worthy customer, but on the contrary, as our room wasn't ready when we arrived the receptionist gave us a larger than average room, with complimentary mineral water, newspaper etc. The hotel was quite far out from the usual sights but was convenient for the Notting Hill Carnival which was on that weekend. The tube stations are about a ten minute walk away but the bus stop is over the road. The executive room was great, it had views over London and was very comfortable. The only bad thing I can say is that the wall covering in the small bathroom was badly stained. The benefits of having an executive room were also being able to help ourselves to soft drinks and cakes in the executive lounge during the afternoon, and after 6pm, until about 8pm we could help ourselves to as much alcohol and snacks as we wanted. The breakfast was also served here and was very relaxed. The staff couldn't do enough for us and were very child friendly. There were also balconies from the lounge which had views over London and were suntraps. I really enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 23 2006	Ok	Was my 4th time in this hotel in last 10 years. Of course what was 10 years ago is not now. Has a feeling of &quot;getting old&quot;. Second floor looked ugly in colors. I had a room on 4th floor. The night i had to spend an a tiny room, however Hilton Staff moved me to a larger room next day without any problems. Breakfast staff had to be reminded to serve coffee and juice, even though, on being seated I was told that morning beverages will be served. Overall good, clean, nice beds:) but needs a refreshment.	
Aug 1 2006 	OK Hotel in an OK location	The hotel is in a quiet neighborhood and quite a ways from the historical attractions. There is a bus stop directly in front of the hotel, which is very convenient. But the nearest tube stop is a 10-15 minute walk away. There is a market (Tesco) next to the tube stop, so that was a plus.The staff was very helpful, however the rooms were unbelieveably small (but then again...it is London where space is at a premium!). It was reasonably clean. Try to get a room that doesn't face the street, otherwise the noise from the traffic would be annoying.	
Jul 17 2006	Excellent for the price!	We won this hotel via Priceline for $67 USD per night. Excellent price! However, the reviews scared me quite a bit! I was expecting a pit! What a shock to arrive at this hotel. Not too asthetically pleasing from the outside, but very nice on the inside. The lobby is very modern, and so is the new cafe. The concierge was very helpful in helping us navigate through the city for museums, monuments and shopping. However, not very helpful in advising us the hip restos and bars. Do you research before you go if you want to go to a few trendy spots! The room was better than expected, small but nicely renovated. ****VERY IMPORTANT: Be sure to ask for a new renovated room at reception.*** Half the rooms aren't renovated...make sure you get a good one! The bathrooms were pretty tiny, shower small, but for $67 USD (40 pounds??) per night, we weren't complaining! Excellent location - bus stops right in front of the hotel. Couldn't be more convenient! However, if you have a limited amount of time and bit more money to spend, I would go closer into town....if you don't mind the tube or the bus, this hotel is great!Cheers!	
Jul 16 2006 	Very Disappointing	I have just returned from a business trip to London. I travel to London approximately once a year. I chose the Kensington Hilton due to its proximity to where I needed to be each day for meetings. The room was clean and I am no longer suprprised by the small rooms and high prices in London, including 15 pounds per day for an internet connection at this hotel. The problems with the Kensington Hilton are with the management and upkeep of the property. This was probably a nice hotel 20 years ago. The towel rack was disconnecting from the bathroom wall and was hanging on for dear life which may be why I was never provided with bath towels during my four-night stay. The check-in/check-out stations are not universal so you can only check out at certain computers; however, there are no signs to indicate this so people were waiting in the long line to eventually find out that they needed to go stand in a different line to check out. A colleage pointed me in the right direction so I was not a victim of this confusion but many people were leaving the hotel angry that morning. Once I reached the front of the correct line, it took 20 minutes for me to check out, during which time the person checking me out admitted that she had quit (this was her last week) because of the kind of problems that caused my check-out delay. There are more stories and examples of management problems (one which required management intervention and apologies) at this hotel that I will not detail, for the sake of brevity. U.S. visitors to England, of course, should not expect the level of convenience they are accustomed in the U.S.; however, the level of inefficiency and neglect at this property were a disappointment and I would not stay here in the future. There are better hotels in this price range in London. I stayed at the Paddington Hilton last year which was far and away superior to the Kensington Hilton. It's hard to believe they are both Hiltons.	
Jul 15 2006	Good location okay hotel	My sister and I stayed at this Hilton in mid June for 3 nights. We got this hotel on Priceline at $68/night (plus tax and fee), which was a great deal. Overall I think it is an okay hotel for the money. However, I have stayed at several Hilton hotels in the US and Japan, and in my opinion this Hilton does not seem to keep up with the Hilton standards. I arrived at the hotel around 11am (my sister arrived late at night) and was told that our room was not ready. The receptionist said that a twin room would be arranged for us by 3pm. The room arranged for us at 3pm was however a room with one double bed, which is on the 1st floor. The room, I guess, must be one of the tiniest rooms in the hotel and its condition was horrible; the carpet was dirty and incomplete bed-making revealed that the mattress had large stains. I should have taken photos of this room. I called the reception immediately to ask for a twin room and the receptionist said that a twin room for us would get ready in half an hour. I was able to stay in the double room until our new room became ready, which was good. But actually I had to wait almost 2.5 hours in the tiny room until I finally got myself settled in the twin room. During this period of time, I found that some of the receptionists were not efficient, reliable, or polite. I called the reception after waiting more than half an hour and was told that our room was not ready yet. The receptionist said she would call me in the next half an hour, though that did not happen. I called again and she said that a porter was on the way to get me the keys for the room, but no porter came up ever. It was almost 5pm I decided to call again. Another receptionist took my calls that time, but hung up after saying one word, “Reception”, transferred me to housekeeping twice, and then hung up again. I finally decided to go pick up keys at the reception. In the lift, I met a gentleman from the US who said that he just arrived and was going to complain about his room which was being used by another guest. The receptionist finally gave me the keys without a word, eye-contact, or anything, which I thought was impolite. She did not ask me if I would need a porter.The twin room (5th floor) was much larger and cleaner than the double bed room. Housekeeping services were not perfect (e.g., no lotion one day, no washcloths another day, no tissue paper refills, etc.). The concierges were friendly, but did not seem to know much about less touristy places. For example, they gave us wrong directions to Southall and needed to get help from someone else to find the way to Walthamstow. Phone calls from a room are very expensive (e.g., 2.5 pounds /toll free call). Checkout went smoothly. We liked the location of this hotel very much. It is in a nice, quiet, non-touristy neighborhood. #94 and 148 stop in front of the hotel. From/to High Street Kensington, #49 is convenient, which stops around the corner of the hotel. Both Holland Park and Shepherd’s Bush are close. Several cafes and restaurants including Indian, Chinese, Thai food restaurants, Starbucks, and a French pastry shop (cakes there were delicious!) and TESCO are located between the hotel and the Holland Park tube station. There are many interesting small shops around the Shepherd’s Bush tube station.	
Jul 15 2006	Best Hilton for a long time.	We stayed here as a late thursday night theatre stopover as part of husbands birthday weekend and after reading reviews here was worried about what to expect. But from check in to check out couldn't have asked for better service. Definately made up , a little, for some of the problems caused by a Hilton stay elsewhere this year. Used HH points for first time and expected to get the poorer end of the draw as it vas a points stay but got Executive Floor, nice clean room, no outlook but didn't matter this time, quiet with good breakfast and fruit and coffee in Executive lounge.Everyone helpful. Will use again. Thank you London.Do beware if you are parking that Hotel attached car park has raised its prices from those on website and if you don't need your car outside the door then there is an NCP car park over the top of the Morrisons in Shepherds Bush--24 hour, with 24hr security at £10 a day (at the moment) and only a 5/6 min walk.	
Jul 11 2006 	Reasonable Business Hotel in Charming Neighborhood	I've stayed twice at the Hilton Kensington (which is actually in Holland Park) in the past month and have generally enjoyed it. All the problems I encountered occured at checkin, but after some consultation with a manager were always resolved. Both stays were in refurbished rooms, one large on the American pattern and the other a typical London &quot;single&quot;, i.e., a double-bedded room in a small space. However, for a business hotel, I never felt cramped. The new decor is simple, but pleasant. The hotel is clean and the food, generally good. Staff try to accommodate the customer and were able to meet all my requests (none rock-star outlandish). As is typical of London hotels, the price for breakfast is abusive. There are a number of cafes in the area where you can have a breakfast (including a full English breakfast) for much less. The Shepard's Bush and Holland Park tube stops are easy walks and Notting Hill Gate tube is only a 15 minute walk away.	
Jul 10 2006	Quiet clean rooms	This hotel was fine. Normal sized rooms, by Euro standards. Breakfast needs some variety. Same thing everyday. Our view was of the roof top--not so great. I would stay here again.	
Jul 5 2006	Great for 3 adults and 3 boys	We stayed here with 3 teenage boys. We had one adult in one room, 2 adults in another and the 3 boys sharing a third room. They gave us 3 double rooms all next to each other which was great. The rooms and bathrooms were spacious by London standards and the air conditioning was a wonderful relief from the heat. We stayed 4 nights. The only complaint was that the 3rd bed didn't arrive until late in the night (after midnight ) and when we checked in at 1pm they assured us it would be ready. After calling several times and then appearing in registration in my PJs at 12:30am it finally arrived!!! The next day another single bed arrived in the room with the single adult!) We paid 74GBP per night for each room not including taxes.That was the rate we almost paid for a 2 star hotel so we were very happy. There was internet access in the 24hr bar in the lobby (one has to pay for it). Breakfast was not included so we walked down the street to &quot;Tootsies&quot;, a fun little cafe on the way to the Holland Park station (a much nicer walk than the one to Shepherd's Bush...there is also a Tesco's grocery store near the station if you want it) and bought a full cooked breakfast-important when you are with teenage boys who never stop eating- for about 3-4GBP each. Much cheaper than the full breakfast at the hotel for 18GBP. Overall, a great stay and we may use it again next yearif we can get a decent rate. My only caveat; don't expect super service.	
Jun 29 2006	Check your bill carefully	I stayed at this hotel from 6/11/06 to 6/17/06. Overall it's ok. The air conditioner in the room wasn't cooling the room enough during first couple days when the temperature is in the 80's and very humid. But the most troubling thing is that when I received my final bill on the day I checked out, I found out that the hotel were charging me some items from the mini-bar in the room that I didn't consume. They did remove the charges when I confronted the clerk, but I felt that I shouldn't have to do that. I don't believe it was just a mistake because the hotel did the same to my sister staying in another room. So please check your bill carefully and make sure the items listed are indeed that you have consumed. I do have to say that the staff are friendly comparing to my stay in Holland and Germany. The location of the hotel is also good because there are bus stops right in front of the hotel, and the subway is not too far away either.	
Jun 24 2006	Make sure to get a room on the 4th floor!	My husband and I arrived at the hotel late at night and were given the only remaining room, a smoking room on the 3rd floor. It turns out that the smoking part was the least of its problems! The bathroom (shower only, no tub) was deplorable; there was dust/dirt/mold caked on the side of the minibar and on one of the air/light vents; the hallway outside was dingy and worn. An absolute disgrace! On the plus side, the bed was comfy.The next morning we were moved to the 4th floor, the only floor which has been renovated (although they appear to be doing renovations on other floors currently), and our room was quite nice, up to what I consider to be Hilton standards. If I were sure I'd be on this floor again, I would not hesitate to stay in the hotel. Otherwise, I would look for another option.	
Jun 11 2006 	OK but go for Exec Rooms option if on Business	Ho hum another Hilton. It's okay. A notch down from the Hilton Olympia up the road but which was unavailable (fully booked).Good points : great range of support services, clean. Bad points : very small rooms (standard), one of those dreadful baths that are 3 feet long. Bed a bit lumpy, noisy aircon.Helpful concierge booked us two 'luxury' cars to ferry clients off to dinner - however - 5 year old cronky Mercs, will ring my own next time.Just a liittle more effort with the Bar would be welcome. Brightly lit cafe type area devoid of atmosphere.In hindsight I wish I'd splashed the extra 20 or 30 quid and gone for the Executive Rooms which seem much much better and also give you an all-day lounge option. They're on the top floors so also away from the external noise which is considerable.Great little greek restaurant literally opposite the hotel.In summary : does the job fine but definitely go for the Exec room option.	
Jun 8 2006 	Perfectly adequate	I only stayed here for 2 days by myself, and didn't spend much time at the hotel itself. I found it more than adequate for my purposes. The hotel did nothing grievously wrong. I had a (very) small room which was clean and neat, and appeared to be recently refurbished. If there had been 2 of us, it would have been a bit tight on space. On the plus side, the bathroom had plenty of counter space, in strange contrast to the main room, where there wasn't even space to put my suitcase anywhere but on the floor. The location is quite handy with two tube stations within easy walk: Holland Park and Shepherd's Bush. The latter is the closer of the two, but the walk to/from Holland Park is far more pleasant and interesting. Not very far from the hotel is the wonderful Holland Park itself, one of London's semi-hidden gems: I wonder how many hotel guests realize it's almost on their doorstep. The only two grumbles I have are: (1) the in-room broadband internet service (which costs a ludicrous amount of money) was painfully slow - felt more like dial-up than broadband. (2) the breakfast room, while offering plenty of variety, is chaotic and service is very hit-or-miss: one morning my tea was delivered right away, the next morning I had to ask twice. I'd be happy to stay here again.	
May 23 2006	Wonderful	My husband and I just stayed two nights at the Hilton London Kensington and found it to be perfect for what we needed while in London. As mentioned in other posts, it is within easy walking distance to the Holland Park tube station and the #148 bus stops right outside the door. It is a quick cab ride from Paddington Station (approx 8 pounds). If you wish to do some sightseeing, the Original London Sightseeing Tour bus (which is a great on-off tour) picks you up right across the street. The hotel is in a great neighborhood with some good cafes and shops as well as being quite close to Kensington Palace and the attached park.The rooms are small in US standards but usual for London and very comfortable. The breakfast buffet (which you should try to get as part of a package) is huge and has variety for any tastes. The staff was very polite and pleasant. We have absolutely no complaints whatsoever and would stay there again.	
May 12 2006	American Complaints	I booked this hotel and then read the reviews. After reading them I was scared that I had booked at a flea pit with angry staff that did'nt speak english.I was surpirsed to find that the hotel was perfectly fine. It was clean and comfortable with friendly staff and good service. I live in North America and travel quite a bit. This hotel is as good as any Westin / Starwood or other Hilton hotel in North America. Yes, the rooms are smaller and there are less TV channels but this is Europe.A lot of the complaints on Trip Advisor are from US travellers. If my fellow Americans are that concerned about hotels being different from the hotels back home then they should stay home where they know that they will be in familiar surrounding served by people who look, sound and think like they do.Further, do not believe the complaints that the hotel is miles from any tube station. Unless you are 300 pounds with a heart condition, the Holland Park tube station (Central line) is a 8 minute walk. Sure it would be great if the tube stopped in the basement of the hotel but it doesn't. If an 8 minute walk is too much you shouldn't be travelling in the first place.	
May 11 2006	Lovely Hotel in a Leafy Avenue	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. We were given a recently refurbished room on the 4th floor and found it to be very clean and comfortable (if a little small). The staff were friendly - be it Reception, Concierge, Bar area or Restaurant. We booked through the Hilton Website on a &quot;Spring Saver&quot; offer, which included dinner on the 1st and 3rd nights of our stay. The dinner was based on the Table d'hote menu and was lovely. The wine etc is expensive, but it is London!! again we found the same with the bar - £3.75 a pint and £5.95 for a gin &amp; tonic + £1.00 for a mixer!!!!!!!! however, this seemed to be the prices all over this area. The breakfast was buffet style and had EVERYTHING! if you can't find something you like here, then you're just too fussy.The nearest tube station is Holland Park - about a 10 min walk away. This is on the central line(red) and is very easy to use. Alternatively, there is a bus stop directly outside the hotel. The bus # 94 or 148 takes you to Piccadilly Circus for £1.50. However, with London traffic as it is, it can be very slow. There are a few bars, shops and restaurants nearby. It takes about 20-25 mins walk to Notting Hill where there is a lot more. A further 5-10 mins walk from there is Kensington Gardens/Palace. After reading a lot of the reviews on Trip Advisor about this hotel, we were a bit apprehensive about staying at this hotel, but thankfully we found our stay to be very enjoyable and I would definetly recommend it.	
May 10 2006 	You can do better	The hotel is cheap for London but you'll make up for it in travel costs as it is not near anything (except Notting Hill - the other way is a bad neighborhood as we were told by the concierge). The staff was very nice - that I can say. Otherwise this was the worst Hilton I've ever been in. The hallways smelled very musty and the carpet was worn and stained. The rooms also smelled badly - the bathroom of mildew and urine. There were stains on the carpet, walls and lampshade. The AC/heater was ineffectual and the room was quite warm. The room is very very small - but I was expecting that. We stayed at another Hilton in Edinburgh this trip and it was stunning and lovely. Last trip to London we stayed at the Hilton near Harrod's and that was also very nice with none of the above issues. Also - be warned there are no sheets on the bed. A bottom sheet over the mattress, comforter and pillow cases only. My comforter smelled of cheap perfume so I'm guessing they don't change it between guests.	
May 9 2006	Needs a new manager	I find it sad that a hotel, which clearly could be so much better, is allowed to exist in this state. On the bad side, you have to wait for everything and it can take fifteen minutes just to check in, the food is bland, expensive and pretty basic, the rooms are small, dark (more so if you don't face the front), the lobby area needs a good clean (as does the bar) and often have blown light bulbs and everything is more expensive than it needs to be. On the good side it is far enough away from central London not to be in a crowded area, but near enough for things to be accessible, it is on coach routes to places like Oxford so day trips are easy, and the staff do try their hardest to do a good job.	
May 5 2006	Average - Just!	The room that we were initially given was dark, tiny and with no windows, but came with a 'balcony' according to the staff. The balcony doors were permanently locked due to health and safety reasons and it was filthy anyway. We asked to change and did get a much better room but my overall impression is that all the rooms are in urgent need of essential updating, which may in fact be happening, as the foyer has obviously been updated. Definitely not great for a Hilton in Kensington although I have seen worse.	
Apr 30 2006 	Terrible service	Out of the 3 people staying here, we all had problems. 1. I was assigned to a room that had not been made up, after already having trouble getting a no smoking room, even though I had reserved one. Turns out there were plenty availble, but the person checking me in was either too lazy ot incompetent to figure it out.2. My friend bought a bottle of water in the shop close by. The same brand in the mini bar, but a 10th of the price. They tried to charge her for it even though the mini bar one was still there.3. Another collegue was delayed and was going to arrive after midnight. He rang to ask them to hold his room - they said no problem. When he arrived all rooms were taken and he ended up sleeping something close to a janitors closet - it didn't even have a bathroom!! They tried to placate him by saying they wouldn't charge - how generous of them!Over all the service was terrible and the hotel is mediocre.	
Apr 25 2006	Very pleasant stay indeed	This was my first time staying in the Hilton Kensington, and was very pleasantly surprised indeed.I arrived several hours earlier than planned, and went to the executive lounge to see if there was a room available. There wasn't at that time, but I was invited to sit down and have some breakfast. Being a small lounge, the range of food wasn't quite as good as other executive longes, but I greatly enjoyed it.My room was excellent, spotless and very nice.I particularly enjoyed the evening snacks and wine in the lounge; the food quality was first class, and as the rain had stopped I could sit on the balcony.This was a one night stay, and I will be most definitely returning!	
Apr 23 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	Stayed at this hotel recently on a London stopover and what a lovely surprise. Great location right near Holland Park, High Street Kensington (great shops!), Notting Hill and Oxford Street (more great shops!). It really was a great stay with helpful, friendly staff especially the concierge whom helped plan our sightseeing. They have a new restaurant too which is a cut above normal hotel restaurants and cool decor. The rooms were well appointments and all the facilties for a great stay. We had a nice view over the Royal Crescent gardens too which really was a treat.Would highly recommend this hotel if you are after a great value for money property which is close to everything you could need in London.	
Apr 21 2006	Expected more from a Hilton hotel	I expected better quality from a Hilton hotel:The bathroom was not clean and had a really strong smell of bleach, The room was constantly cold, Room service was very slow and I had a blown light bulb in my room that despite several reports to the hotel staff was not changed. I would never stay at this hotel again!!	
Apr 20 2006	Would recomend!	I booked the Hilton Kensington at the last minute and must say I was a little wary of what to expect after reading some of the reviews left on here.However, I found the hotel to be 'quite a find': situated in a quiet area a few minutes walk away from Holland Park station, a tube ride away from the centre and the hotel room itself was very clean, spacious and above average for a twin room in london for the price paid. I hope to return to the Hilton Kesington very soon!	
Apr 9 2006	Great on a budget	Although I have seen many complaints about this hotel on TripAdvisor, I thought it was a fantastic hotel if you are on a budget. I booked it for $80 a night on Priceline and stayed here with a friend from April 2 to April 7, 2006. We had a 2nd floor twin room that was typically small but not oppressively so. Our room looked onto a side street and we slept with the window open and never found it too noisy. Our floor was pretty quiet as well. I would agree with the earlier post about the showers; if you are over 5'4 - good luck! The bus stop is truly right across the street and the Holland Park tube is only 10 minutes away. There is a Starbucks and a Tesco Express (supermarket) right next to the tube. There are also a couple of restaurants and a pub on the way to the tube as well. The Original London Sightseeing Tour also stops right outside the hotel. Unlike earlier posts, we never felt unsafe in the neighborhood even at night. A couple of nights we did take a cab from Trafalgar Sq and Oxford Street and it ran us about 11 pounds. We never had a problem with the hotel staff, who were always helpful. We had unbelievable weather - it rained only 1 day and then blue, sunny skies for 2 full days!! I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2006	Awful Awful Property	I am a Diamond VIP with the Hilton Honors Program. I have stayed at many Hilton properties both domestic and Internationally. This property ranks at the very bottom especially when it comes to service, courtesy, and amenities.I was at the property from March 17 through 21, 2006. When I checked in, I presented a voucher for 3 free nights and paid for 1 night. When I wanted to check out from my room using the video checkout the previous night - this feature was not functional. I decided to go downstairs (twice) to inform the folks that they had charged me for 4 nights instead of 1 night. I gave up after waiting 20+ minutes in line. On the day of departure, I pointed to the folks at the desk that they had overcharged me including charging me for drinks that I did not use from the room bar. They said they would take care of it. I am still disputing the charges with both the Hhonors VIP customer service and my Credit Card Company.The room (on the Executive floor) was very small for the two of us and the maid service kept forgetting to leave us toilet paper. I eventually had to track them down and grabbed a couple of TPs to last us for the stay. The VIP lounge was so tiny that guests were leaving in disgust. Luckily, we always found an area to sit down. The breakfast spread was decent.Bottom line - the group at the desk downstairs are so dysfunctional it is impossible to get any decent service. English is not their forte. My recommendation is to avoid this property if you can. I know I will unless I hear back from the HHonors Diamond VIP desk.	
Apr 3 2006 	Be prepared to Wait for Everything	Be prepared to wait at spend at 30 minutes every single time you need anything from the front of house. Only 2 occasstions did I not have to wait in againt queue - and on those occassions the computer was down and they asked me to come back later when there was a giant queue again, or in the other case I was sent to my room 2 times in a row with room keys that did not work.I left 2 days into my 4 day reservation and moved to a different hotel out of sheer fustration.	
Apr 2 2006 	Deliberate overbooking	I booked a double room through amex centurion.Arriving at reception there was a queue snaking around the lobby for check in. As a gold card &quot;member&quot; I was directed to check in on the excecutive floor.Another queue to check in - and NO ROOM. The hotel was overbooked!!So an hour wasted - of messing around, waiting and queuing so Hilton can make it's 100% occupancy target. No offer to help book another hotel - NOTHING. There was one girl on check in - with a queue of waiting guests, she had been left on her own - presumably while management hid elsewhere.LAST TIME EVER in a Hilton. They've got too many customers so I'm helping them out by never again being one again. I suggest others do the same.	
Mar 30 2006	Awful experience moved to different hotel	We were supposed to stay at the Hilton Kensington for six nights, but left after only three. Our stay was prepaid and we took a loss. We were treated disrespectfully by staff and felt unsafe at the hotel and surrounding area. There is nothing near the hotel to see nor eat and the amenities within the hotel are minimal. The rooms are small and old.We moved to the Hilton Gatwick Airport which was wonderful!	
Mar 19 2006	Great deal but not a great hotel	Pros:This was a great bargain. I didn't find the location inconvenient at all. The rooms were also nice, I didn't think they were small at all. We were able to check in at 11:30 instead of 3:00.Cons:Breakfast was overpriced and wasn't very good. Neither was the service. If they weren't out of orange juice, they were out of glasses. Every time I found something I liked, they wouldn't have it in the same flavor the next day. We had dinner at the restaurant and the service was awful! My fiance also barely ate a bite of his food.Maid service was horrible at first. The maid either took or threw out my contact lens case not once, but twice! The manager had it replaced the first time, when she took the replacement as well, I believe he had her replaced also. This was very inconvenient though, as I didn't find out until I was ready to go to bed. It took several hours to get a new one.	
Mar 14 2006	Really really good!	I got a very good deal with priceline and had this hotel for 40 pounds/night!!! We stayed 3 nights and we realy liked it! Except for the fact that it should be called Holland Park Hilton or Sheperd's Bush Hilton, this is an ideal location in London, in a beautifull avenue and very nice neighbourhood. There are 2 tube stops nearby and a bus stop in front of the hotel, with buses to oxford circus every 5 minutes from 7 to 24! Our room was 2042, a standard double room, with a rear view, with very comfortable bed and pillows. The bathroom is very small but cozy, but the bathtub ceiling is very low. We are very tall people so it was a bit inconvenient, but the water pressure and all the fixtures were great. I really recomend it!	
Mar 9 2006	Excellent value	My wife and I stayed at the Kensington Hilton from 2 to 5 March 2006 and we were very happy with our stay.Despite other users' comments about the location of the hotel, I would still say that there is nothing wrong with the location, as long as you don't expect to be staying in the city centre of London.In fact I thought it was an extremely nice neighborhood and it is a wonderful 5 minute walk to the Holland Park tube station. There are also a couple of very nice pubs on the way, should you feel tempted when coming home after a long day in the city centre...We knew that the restaurant was undergoing renovation works and therefore breakfast was served in a Japanese restaurant inside the hotel which was no problem at all, except that there was a bit of a crowd in the weekend.Other users have commented on the language skills of the hotel staff, and if that is something you are concerned with then you probably shouldn't come to London at all! The large majority of people working in the service sector in London are foreigners, but I have never run in to anybody that didn't speak at least a bit of English.To sum it all up...The Kensington Hilton is a very good hotel, especially as long as you don't pay much more than, say, £80 per night (incl. breakfast).	
Mar 4 2006	Great hotel!	We just returned from 9 days in London at this hotel. My husband is a Hilton Gold member, and we were given an upgraded room. We found it to be a really good hotel, especially for the price. We paid 63 pounds per night. As gold members, we could use the executive lounge. They have a really nice continental breakfast with eggs, cheese, yogurt, rolls, toast, and choice of juices and coffee/tea. The other great thing is evening cocktail hour with hot hors d'ouevres and free wine and cocktails! We actually had this for our dinner on a few nights since we were tired from a day out in London.I had read the negative comments about the hotel and was prepared for the worst. Well, it was really very nice. The room was small but just fine. I guess my only complaint would be the tv stations. I'd have really liked satellite tv, but there were about 6 foreign language stations and a couple of premium channels as well as the local channels. Not a big problem, though, as we enjoy watching BBC when we're there.Overall, this was a fine hotel, and all these complaints have been unfounded, in our experience. The people who think it is too far from the tube are silly....it's a five minute walk! And the bus stops at the front door, just like a taxi, so you can't complain there.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 28 2006	I am a Hilton Gold VIP not a good service	This is a copy of the letter i sent to the help i did not like the customer service1.I called the hotel and asked where the nearest tube station was. I was then told that it was high street Kensington which was wrong I then had to pay for yet another tube ticket to get me to shepherds bush. 2.I put some chocolate in the mini bar as it was melting. when I got back the mini bar was locked I was staying in room 4028 I reported this to the front desk at 9pm and was told that the system said that the minibar was unlocked but would not let me access it . I woke up and the mini bar was still not fixed. I went down to the front desk and was told that someone would come and look at it. .I is still waiting for the person to come and look at it. And I am Still waiting for that person to turn up . So off to the exec lounge to see what they can do. She call the maintenance department and they said that some one would come and look at it I waited 60min and they went back to my room. The minibar still was not fixed. Therefore, I went to the front desk again and spoken to Shailesh who said again that they will send someone up and will change my room to 7013. Jackson turns up and pushed a button on a remote that fixed it in 5 min why was this not done at 9pm on Friday.3. When staying at the hotel there was a comp breakfast with in the exe room well I was not able to user the exe lounge for breakfast Saturday and Sunday as it was full. I had to go and pay for breakfast some where else,4.I reported this to front desk on the check out and was told that they will get the duty manager to call me on my cell phone I am still awaiting that call.I was looking at becoming a shareholder with in the hotel and I am having second thoughts.I have stayed at the London metropol, the service was great, and I would think of the same service from all Hilton hotels	
Feb 22 2006	Great Value Large Rooms nice Hotel	Just got back from 2 nights at the Kensington Hilton I bought this through Priceline for $68 a great buy worth a lot more.I knew where this hotel was situated so it was not a problem there is a bus stop outside and across the road that will take you to Notting Hill or Oxford St.5 min walk to Holland Park tube which is the Central line. There are some very expensive restaurants in Holland Park and a Burger (Tooties) Place. If you want to be in a quite location then this is OK but if your looking for the hustle and bustle immediately outside then NO. You have Sherperds Bush 5 mins to your left or Holland Park on your right everything else is a (small) bus a tube ride away. The hotel was pretty grand for a $68 London hotel .Great front staff,rooms were a real good size compared with other London hotels very good size in deed we were surprized,Clean,Bathroom, Comfortable beds A very good experience I would have loved to have stayed our other two days but they were free with BA at the Paddington Court which was TINY.	
Feb 2 2006	Pretty awful	The first thing is that this hotel is a long way from the fashionable shopping area of Kensington. It's actually in a not particularly attractive area of Holland Park. I have to say it was a long way down the list of places myself and my partner have stayed in. The foyer area was dark and uninviting and the first room we were given was on one of the upper floors and obviously hadn't been used for a while. There was a bloodstain on the carpet and a cracked tile in the bathroom. We asked for another room which was OK, but nothing special.Breakfast in the morning was quite an experience. We were directed down to the bowels of the hotel where a long queue was forming (outside of the breakfast room itself!) just to get in. I understand this was a temporary arrangement while the main breakfast room was being refurbished, but this had not been explained to us and was really unacceptable. The room in which we (eventually) ate breakfast was a large conference room without any windows. The staff seemed completely overworked, often speaking poor English, and the quality of the food was certainly not what one would expect from a (supposedly) premier London hotel. Especailly as they charged London prices for food and drink. I wrote to Hilton customer service after our stay and received a standard type response - I guess they must be used to it.Don't think just becuase it's a Hilton hotel in a posh sounding area it's necessarily going to be any good.	
Jan 23 2006	a faceless hotel	I stayed at the London Kensington Hilton for only one night. i had to stay at this hotel as it was part of a package i bought with an Eric Clapton concert in the Royal Albert Hall.This is a hotel with no character at all!The rooms are old and with problems and the bathrooms too. There is nothing in particular to mention about this hotel as it is the meaning of an average hotel!Far from the city center with not good facilities and a not polite staff. Maybe because our stay there it was a package.Anyway when i return to London i will try to avoid this hotel.There are better hotels in the town closer to the center and in very good prices.	
Jan 2 2006	Wonderful service......	I stayed at this hotel from the 30th of December to the 2nd of January with my elderly parents . I'd originally found a very favourable rate using an internet company which included a twin guest room with a foldaway bed and breakfast. On checking in I was told I had been given a complimentary room for no extra charge. The rooms and bathrooms were pristine and in good condition. The beds were extremely comfortable and temperature control units were provided in each room. Breakfasts were an absolute treat-a huge selection of food to suit all tastes ! The staff were friendly and attentive but not over-bearing. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family.Buses (94 and 148) pass frequently to stops just outside the hotel and travelling between to and from the West End is not difficult. The only negative would be a slightly smoky lobby.	
Nov 29 2005	Kensington Hilton a great choice	We just returned from seven days in London, spending four of the nights at the Kensington Hilton on Holland Park Ave. We had been warned that it was out of town and out of the way. Not true! We had a bus stop directly across the street from us and a tube stop only blocks away. The room was spacious by European standards, with two restaurants to choose from. Concierge desk was helpful as was the front desk. We did switch to the Hilton Mews for one of our last nights in London--a mistake! Tiny room, old facility. One might call it cozy, to us it was cramped. It is located right off of Park Lane, but offered no real advantage to us. We should have stayed in Kensington. Next time we'll know. We would recommend the Kensington Hilton.	
Nov 28 2005	3 days in London	I just returned home from a vacation to Europe that include a 3 night stay at the Hilton Kensington. Based on the quality of the room and the price I paid through priceline ($75 US), I was more than satisified with my stay. The room was clean, updated and modern. The staff was very helpful (a much needed corkscrew was delivered in under a minute!) and the workout facilities were top notch. I would wind down the cold days with a break in the steam and sauna rooms.Overall, a great experience for the price. Located in a quiet residential neighborhood with access to authentic pubs and restaurants, and close to Holland and Hyde parks. You can take the #94 and #148 buses to nearly every major tourist attraction.	
Nov 25 2005	You Get What You Pay For	We stayed at the Hilton in Kensington just before Christmas to do a spot of Christmas shopping. The location of the hotel is good, a short walk from the tube or the bus stops right outside the hotel and runs 24 hours. Its a good base for seeing London but the journey into the city can get a bit tedious if you are doing it a lot.The hotel itself is a bit tired. Having said that we only paid 64 pounds per night and for what we paid we had no complaints. The concerige were very helpful and breakfast was good. The rest of the staff we just ok. We did have cause for complaint on one occassion and the duty manager was fantastic. Sent a bottle of wine to the room by was of apology.Tip - Ask for a room on the 5 floor or above as these have been refubished.	
Nov 7 2005	Fantastic break - highly reccomended	We booked this hotel and then checked the reviews on other sites.... I have to say I was rather worried... but it was booked. The hotel is 8 mins. walk from Holland park tube (or get the 94 or 148) bus which drops off right outside When we arrived the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was small (what do you expect from London) but clean and very comfy (best nights sleep I have had in a hotel) the food was fantastic, breakfast set us up for the day... I certainly intend to go back to London in February with my children and I will not bother checking any other hotels...	
Nov 4 2005	Pretty good deal for the price	Booked this hotel online (for 89 GBP), where I had stayed my first time in London 12 years ago, so I knew what we were getting into. I was neither disappointed nor pleasantly surprised. Even though I'm a Hilton Honors member, we were not given a refurbished room, but we found the rather smallish twin-bedded room adequate and comfortable for our 5-day stay. Next time, I will be a bit more assertive and ask for an upgraded room. I like this place because it's in a very nice neighborhood; walking on the street at midnight did not make me uncomfortable at all. The tube stop is less than a 10-minute walk and takes you past several &quot;necessity&quot; retail shops like a small supermarket, a deli, pharmacy, camera shop and several nice restaurants. Front desk staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Bell staff greeted us every time we walked by. Did not eat in the bar or restaurant because we were always in a rush to get to the theatre. I don't care for the overwhelming odor of smoke from the bar the second you enter the front door...but this is England after all where non-smoking accommodations are not yet the norm. I hope they (and the rest of Europe) catch up to us soon! Overall, a very decent lodging experience. I will come back.	
Oct 22 2005	Excellent Experience	Located in a nice residential area, this hotel was a pleasant surprise. We stayed for 8 days and had a newly renovated room-very comfortable although a little cramped. There was a bus stop directly at the door and we felt very comfortable walking everywhere at night. All in all an excellent experience.	
Oct 14 2005	Awesome Value For US$70!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in the beginning of Oct. We got the deal through Priceline. For US$70, we have absolutely no complains. the hotel looks dated but our room was clean, the double bed was comfy, and the front desk staff were friendly, and the Concierge staff were extremely helpful. The hotel is 8 mins walk away from the Holland Park tube station. There's not much around the hotel except for a Tesco (supermarket) 10 mins walk away.	
Oct 8 2005	Great Stay	I cannot comment on value because we stayed here using points.Our five day stay started off shaky since the room we were given was obviously for a single with no luggage; we could not move except by going over the bed.We were given a new room the next day which was more than adequate. The staff was always friendly and courteous, especially the concierge. The location is ideal for anybody who is touring; with a bus stop outside to take you to a tube stop which is only aboidut a seven - ten minute walk at the most but appreciated after a long day of touring on your own.We did not eat at the restaurant but it looked appealing. We did eat at the &quot;bar&quot; area and the staff was agaion helpful and courteous.There are a number of restaurants on the way to the tube stop so we tended to try to eat out and conserve our precious pounds.I would reommend this hotel without reservation and say that it equals some of the four star Hiltons I have stayed in the States.	
Sep 28 2005	Great Hotel	After reading all of the bad reviews on this hotel I was very nervous about my stay in September. I enrolled in the Hilton Honors Club one week before we went and sent an email to the hotel with my club number. When my husband and I arrived they already had my Hilton Honors club number and put us on the executive floor (7). This entitled us to the continental breakfast, evening drinks (wine, beer, mixed drinks, water, juice and cokes) and snacks in their executive lounge. This came in very handy because I had booked on their website and prepaid at a very good price which didn't include breakfast. The room we had was very large compared to our room in Paris. We didn't have a great view but since we didn't spend much time in the room we didn't care. We also had several bottles of water left for us in the room that we were not charged for and they also replaced every day. The front desk informed me that they have completed the renevations so there was no noise during our stay. When we arrived our safe didn't work and we didn't have an iron. On our way out around 12:00 noon I told the front desk and when we returned the safe was fixed and we had an iron. We were told by the staff to not used the closer tube station (Shepards's Bush) but to use the Holland Park station which is about 4 blocks up the street. I have absolutely no complaints about this hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 26 2005 	Overall Nice Stay	Stayed 1 night in August. REad reviews before I booked and asked for refurbished room. Overall very nice although £15 for Wifi in room is a bit excessive. Restaurant was good. Overall very good.PLease be aware that if you have baggage its a fair walk from either Shepherds Bush tube or Holland Park, so take a cab.	
Sep 25 2005	unsatisfactory	The price of the room, around $200 was the only thing to recommend for this hotel. The rooms were small, one minuscule closet that could barely accomodate 2 suites.The bath room was cramped with a high tub, if you are taller than 6' you may need to stoop. The carpeting was stained inside and outside the room, the walls were dingy . There was no safe in the room, a big inconvenience for me. The TV had a grainy image and you can easily hear the toilets flushing in the adjacent rooms. The breakfast buffet was costly for its limited selection and mediocre quality.	
Sep 25 2005	Good value	Good value hotel, a little away from a tube, but a short bus ride to High Street Ken.	
Aug 10 2005	Will be great when the reno is complete	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for 6 nights in July. Our first impression on walking in was that the hotel was very nice. The main floor has a the AM/PM Lounge, a larger restaurant and a small tuck shop. There is also a door for direct access into an Asian restaurant. We arrived early in the day, having flown in from Toronto and were so pleased to learn that we could have a room right away. Unfortunately, the first room we had was awful. The furnishings were worn and dated and the bathroom had seen better times - the shower also had a ridiculously low ceiling and my husband had to keep his neck bent to shower! We lay down for a much needed nap and then the drilling started - right above us. It appears that they are renovating 1-2 entire floors and it's very noisy. We asked how long the drilling would last and they said it is every day from 9am to 5pm. We asked to change rooms and the next room we had was nicer - it had already been refurbished and it was just generally cleaner and fresher - it had a proper shower! Unfortunately, the drilling noises were still very loud and we were moved to an executive room. These rooms appear to be above the floor that is being renovated and are much quieter - we didn't experience any more construction noise. The executive room we had was larger than the standard room, had lovely furnishings and a duvet. The bathroom was marble up to the ceiling and the room even had 3 phones. There is a small bar area by the door with complimentary coffee, tea and bottled water. We were not able to use the executive lounge because, of course, it's under renovation - they do convert part of the rear lobby lounge into an executive lounge in the afternoons, but we were never around to enjoy our complimentary drinks anyway. As for the neighbourhood in which the hotel is located, we loved it. We both bought 1 week tube passes for Zones 1-2 and just hopped on the tube to get anywhere - forget about most buses - the traffic is so bad you will be in traffic forever. The Holland Park metro station is 2 bus stops from the hotel, which is really only about a 7 to 10 minute walk along Holland Park Ave. It's a nice walk with great little shops, restaurants and very expensive flats and townhouses. It's a really nice, quiet neighbourhood which we actually enjoyed after spending our evenings closer to the heart of the city - busy spots like Leicester Sq. All in all, we found the staff and service at the hotel to be top notch. They addressed our concerns about the noise and we had a room we were very happy with. The concierge service is also excellent. Granted, there should be a warning on the Hilton website about the massive renovation. We would however definately recommend the hotel to friends and family and would stay there again - hopefully the construction will be finished.	
Aug 2 2005 	Awful Hotel - leave well alone!!	This hotel is not really in Kensington at all - even the taxi drivers agreed with me on that point - it is very misleading of Hilton Hotels to call it Kensington - it cost me £20 each way to get to The Strand by Taxi!!I booked an exec room with access to the exec lounge - on arrival I was told it was closed due to a fire at least a month ago!! Nobody had mentioned that when I booked the room - no mention on the web siteThe rooms were horrible - they were supposed to be newly refurbished and executive but they were very very small - smaller than even a cabin on some ships! They were not what I would have called refurbished! I changed room three times but they were all the same tiny roomsThe worse thing about the hotel is that it is undergoing major refurbishment which it badly needs - there is no mention again of this on the web site where I booked the hotel - the banging and drilling are non stop all day from first thing in the morning!!It is what I would call a transient hotel used by aircraft crew and the main reception areas and restaurants are all very drab and unwelcoming - not at all what I expected from the Hilton GroupIt took many many phone calls to Hilton to even get the room changed and they refused to change my hotel for me despite all the above problems - namely the building work and lack of an exec lounge that I had booked!In short I wouldnt recommend this hotel at all	
Jul 17 2005	Not really in Kensington	I read several good reviews before booking this through Priceline. However, we were disappointed upon arrival. Had to stand in line for some time for check-in at 11:00 p.m. When arrived at my room, it was next to the elevator and a single. Had to go back downstairs and stand in line to get the double room we had reserved. Rooms are very small and very worn. I am not sure why they consider this the Kensington location. Getting from Harrods to the hotel cost 15 pounds. Internet connection did not work in the room and, although they did send a service guy, he could not fix it. All that said, I would have been pretty upset if we had paid normal prices, but luckily we got it for $110/night on Priceline.	
Jun 14 2005 	Tiny and very noisy 'executive' room!	Being a Diamond Honors member I was given an 'executive' room on the 6th floor. However the room turned out to be tiny and the 'double' bed very small. The decor of the room was OK but the bathroom was very tacky with a plastic toilet seat and black marble cladding. Looked straight out of the 80's. The hotel is quite noisy but eventually I managed to drift off only to be woken up at 5:00am by the mini-bar which was making an extremely loud buzzing / vibrating sound. It was clearly faulty and it took them half an hour to cut the power off to the unit. By which time I was fully awake and resigned to an un-planned early start to the day. Also I had to pay £17 to use their car-park for a measly 10 hours.I think there is a myth surrounding Hilton hotels and their quality. I have stayed in many and on the whole the chain is pretty average with a rare selection of extremely high class hotels and a large number of very average hotels.	
Jun 13 2005 	Very Pleased and Impressed	Intro:I have no quams with awarding the Hilton London Kensington with a well-deserved Trip-Advisor 4-Star Rating. I am being careful in writing this review whilst taking in the following factors espescially; Cost and Service - as the two are normally related directly to each other, as unfortunate as that likelihood is - it was most pleasantly not the case at the London Hilton Kensington Hotel. As A very well-travelled avid Trip Advisor reviewee, I have stayed in some of the most luxurious hotels in the world, and indeed London. For this particular trip my sister and I were attending an important event at the Exhibition Centre, Earl's Court - thus, we chose function over fashion - that is, Hilton Kensington. We were pleasantly impressed!Review:Location is easy to get to via Public Transport; from Heathrow one should merely take TWO tubes and then a Bus. Located in a pleasant neighbourhood by Notting Hill and Portobello Market. 3-5 mins walk from Sheperd's Bush underground taking you direct to the heart of Oxfor St. or a taxi for £10 to Knighstbridge - if budgeting my personal recommendation would be £6 Zone Card for Zones 1-6 (entire London) allowing full use of Underground, Trains + Standard Rail + Buses. Fabulous.Check-In staff, Han, was very helpful in kindly granting permission for my sister's friend to stay with us in our room free of charge. We had the option of a roll-away for her, but unfortunately that would require a down-grade from our Executive Room to a Standard Room as the Executive contained excess furninshings. We stuck with the Executive Room as they are much nicer, spacious and give access to the Executive Lounge for complimentary Continental Breakfast (ample) and afternoon-evening drinks (decent)Room Service was prompt + well-priced. MiniBar slightly overpriced but decent.Majority of staff extremely helpful and not all, &quot;fishing for tips&quot;. Notable commendation to the concierge, Antonio - who amazingly managed to gain us and some friends VIP access to a very exclusive club in London. Thanks!One must remember this Hilton is only a three-star. It is pleasantly furnished, well serviced, and reflects a higher standard than many, &quot;historical-five-stars&quot;, in London, that survive by reputation.Overall, a very good trip that deserves high commendations. Thanks.	
May 27 2005	Pleased	After reading reviews, I was a bit uneasy after reserving through Priceline. However, I was pleased with the accommodations. The staff was very friendly, competent, professional and accommodating (a 1230pm late check out was readily granted.) No problem with the Priceline reservation as the clerk stated, &quot;you are pre- paid&quot;. I requested a room on the 1st or 2nd floor. A brief pause until I produced my Hilton Honors Card and we then had a choice of a room on the front or facing a building on the first floor (HiltonHonors Floor). The reservation clerk warned about the potential for noise in a front facing room but it was not a problem for us and I preferred looking at beautiful 100 year old trees instead of a 100 year old building. The quite clean room was ample sized with tasteful decor, fluffy &quot;feather&quot; comforter, smooth linen, complimentary in-room coffee, tea, shortbread cookies. It is true that it may be a &quot;duck&quot; for a tall person in the shower but other than that, the marble bathroom was small but clean with the usual complimentary amenities, large bathtowels and washcloths! The only disadvantage to this hotel is the somewhat &quot;off center&quot; locaiton. The double decker stops in front with direct access to Picadilly or Westminister but slow going in traffic. The tube is about 10 minutes away. . .the taxi from Victoria was $30.00, however. The Airbus no longer stops at this hotel so we took the Hotelink van to Heathrow at 16 pounds per person. If location, location, location is your primary criteria, consider other hotels but otherwise, I was pleased with this hotel. Its not near the center of London although there are interesting sights nearby such as Notting Hill, Portabello Road and Kensington Gardens. The neighborhood is quiet and safe.	
May 20 2005	Nice above average no complaints	I had a very nice stay here. I suspect most of the people unhappy with the rooms had much higher expectations for a Hilton, but I found the rooms to be larger than I expected for a European hotel, the hotel was clean, it had all the things we needed (or they were supplied upon request), the staff was helpful, and it was convenient both for getting around town and getting to/from Heathrow. I wasn't &quot;wow'ed&quot; by the hotel, but I wasn't expecting to be: if you're looking for high luxury, you're going to have to pay a lot more in London. But it's a nice, above average hotel if you can get it at a decent price. It is in a residential area, about a 7 minute walk to the Holland Park tube, there is a grocery store/restaurants/ shops/Starbucks all on the way to the tube, it is walking distance (about 10-15 minutes) to Notting Hill, and we actually liked that it was a bit outside the center of the city and we could see a non-tourist area. The only negative would be if you were out late in another area of town and the tube closed; it would be costly to return to Holland Park by taxi. But I would easily stay here again.	
May 10 2005 	For a Hilton - Just average	To be brief, this hotel was just average. The first night they delivered an iron and board to my room and, as I proceeded to iron my shirt for work the next day, discovered that the iron was dirty and had left a terrible black mark on my shirt. Not a good start. The hotel did, however, have it cleaned for free (although the stain was not removed properly).The bathroom was quite tatty, and unless you are under 5ft 8&quot; the shower is not high enough. I had to bend down to take a shower - very uncomfortable.I got a good price on priceline for this hotel, and unless you do the same don't stay at this hotel. there are better alternatives for the price.	
Apr 24 2005	Okay for the special price	In short: The hotel is okay, when you get a special price offer. Otherwise I would take something different.Long story: We have stayed several times in London and it`s not always easy to get a decent room for a affordable price. This time I browsed through the internet and got an offer for the Kensington Hilton for 69 Pounds a night. Wow, I thought, a Hilton for this price. Usually this is what I pay for a 3 star hotel in London. And I booked it. Later I read the reviews here and wasn`t sure, if this was the right decision. I exspected a luxury hotel (I thought Hilton = Luxury), but the reviews were not very encouraging. I came there and it turned out to be fine. We got a room in the first floor, which was not really big, but okay. A little bigger than the room of a 3 star hotel. The room was clean and gut furnished. But no lurury, just normal standards. It was good, that I read the reviews before, otherwise I would have been disappointed. So it was okay for that price. But would it have costed more, it wouldn´t be worth it. The location is okay for the Portobello Road Market and Notting Hill, otherwise it`s pretty far away from the real center. But you can get anywhere by subway and busses. It is in a very nice neighborhood. A supermarket, Starbucks and some small shops at the Holland Park Station, about a walk of 10 minutes away.	
Apr 18 2005	Small room but nice furnishings	Having stayed at the Hilton Metropole last year I was rather spoilt and had been warned that the rooms of the Hilton Kensington had originally been designed and used by air crew stopover staff. However I'm not one to be put off easily and decided to see for myself.Stayed in an executive room on the 6th floor with access to the executive lounge which serves complimentary drinks and hot snacks in the evening. Although comparing it to the Metropole where i had also stayed executive the standard was a lot lower here. For example during the mid afternoon at the metrople a high tea is served, including every little sandwich you can think of and cakes galore. I was rather looking forward to this little pleasure and terribly disappointed to find that even the coffee machine was out of order. Another groan about the executive lounge is that it closes an hour earlier than the Metropole at 9pm, which is rather disappointing as it would have been nice to have had a night cap.The Hilton breakfast was divine and a very pretty walk past the famous Lidgate butchers (which is recommended in Rick Stein's food heroes book) to the Holland park tube. overall I wouldn't go back again as I like to try other hotels but I also would not advise you to stay here. Enjoy your trip!	
Apr 13 2005	Fantastic Hotel ! A++++!!!!!!	I stayed at the Hilton London Kensington four nights and found it to be an incredible hotel! I was a little concerned by some of the comments that have been posted about the room being small but I found it large and comfortable (I was on the second floor) the staff was very friendly and the location was excellent .The nearest tube station is Holland Park on the Central Line, if one goes East one station you come to Notting Hill where you can change to the Circle &amp; District Lines and go pretty much anywhere in London. Getting back to the room itself, It was equipped with cable television which had besides British channels, Arabic, German, Indian and Far Eastern stations on them as well (I have no idea what they were saying but it looked interesting!) All in all My one complaint is that I could not have stayed longer!	
Feb 2 2005	Adequate for budget traveling	Spent 2 nights, 2 weeks apart at the Hilton. Both times, the rooms were small (by U.S. standards) on the first floor. The beds were comfortable with good quality linens, and the rooms had decent towels (i.e. not thread bare). One time we had a view facing interior to the industrial vents and machinery above the ground floor. The other time we faced a small private park off of Holland Park Ave. Street noise was minor. The main noise factor came from doors slamming at all hours, since the hotel caters to folks coming in from Long Distance hauls at Heathrow. Bring ear plugs. The staff was friendly and accomodating. On the 2nd visit, we asked for a room different than the 2nd floor room assigned because the latter had a bathroom that was moldy from top to bottom and my husband has a mold allergy. Staff moved us to a twin on the first floor. Twins have more room to move around and if you don't mind separate beds, they appear to be a better value. The hotel appears to be hierarchically organized where more frequent visitors get better (larger) rooms and bennies. Be aware that some rooms have TV's on the floor that become trip and broken-toe hazards because the floor space is so limited. For travelers accustomed to U.S. Hilton standards, this hotel is not what you are expecting. But it is adequate for budget travelers who book for 69-79 pounds a night in an outrageoulsy expensive city given the current exchage rate.	
Jan 21 2005	What A Pleasure	From the moment we arrived from a typically uncomfortable long flight, tired and irritated, to when we left eight days later, this hotel was pure pleasure. Ian at the front desk is an absolute star and an asset to this hotel. Ian went out of his way to arrange a room badgering housekeeping until we got one which was on the first floor. This was done within an hour despite it being early morning and the hotel fully booked the night previously. The room was very comfortable and well equipped. The rate the Hilton gave us was unparalleled value for money. A tube station is less than 5 minutes walk away, a bus stop is right outside, several shops and restaurants are close by so the location is perfect. The front desk was exceptionally helpful at all times and every other aspect of the hotel is proficient notably housekeeping, room service, laundry and the restaurant. Thanks to staff like Ian, the Hilton Hotel made our holiday in London one of the most memorable and enjoyable.	
Dec 15 2004	Better than the last train home	The room was so small and nasty that it looked like it should have been rented by the hour not by the night! However, it is cheap for London and if you are planning a night out in Notting Hill then it is preferrable to having to clock watch for the last commuter train home to suburbia.	
Dec 7 2004	Be sure not to get old crew rooms...	Stayed here Oct. 26 thru 31, 2004. This was our first time in London, and this hotel was reccomended. After a horrible plane trip from Rome, showed up at the hotel lobby to be greeted by a woman who couldn't speak English very well. After getting over language barrier, was asked for our credit card when we had paid in advance. Then was told that our credit card was no good and that we needed another one. That's when we informed the girl we had paid in advance. She rushed to get us our room key, sensing we were alittle annoyed. When we get to our room, we found it to be the smallest room we had ever seen, even by European standards! Once the bellman brought our bags, there was no place to walk. We were on the second floor directly above the lobby atrium, complete with sunroof that looked directly into our room! What a view! We had booked this hotel online directly through Hilton, and this room was not what the pictures showed, or what our friends had described. When I called the front desk to see about relocating, I again got the same girl, who asked me if I preferred smoking or non-smoking. When I said I perferred n/s, she said there was nothing else available. When I said I would take smoking then, she said there was nothing else available in smoking either. Why bother asking my preference than? She said to maybe check back in a couple hours. I asked wht time check in was and was told 2pm. It was 2:20pm, what difference would a couple hours make? At this point, my husband and I went to the front desk and spoke to a gentleman who quickly moved us to a beautiful, full size room that had a view of the street! Loved it!! We were later told by our bellman that the small rooms were orginally&quot;crew&quot; rooms from when the hotel was owned by Trans World Airline. So be sure to not get the old crewrooms they are smaller than the littlest cabin on a cruise ship! After that, we had a great time at the hotel. Had drinks and snacks in the lobby bar and dinner at the Asian restaurant, and both were very good.	
Nov 24 2004	Great value for the money; location isn't the greatest!	I have stayed at this hotel 3 times and I keep coming back for several reasons. The rates that I get at the Hilton website, especially the non-refundable rates, are excellent. I recently stayed for 69 GBP a night.The location is definitely not the greatest and as many people have pointed out it's about a 7 or 8 minute pleasant walk to the Holland Park tube station and probably a 5 minute not-too-pleasant walk under a busy intersection to the Shepard's Bush hotel. It's a perfectly safe and fine neighborhood just dull with nothing really, really nearby although Notting Hill is a short walk away.Previous postings about this hotel are quite accurate. Check-in can be excruciatingly slow but I've also had times where I'm the only person checking in and it's highly efficient.The comments about the buffet are accurate although it's a decent buffet. And comments about the rooms may or may not be correct. Let's face it. London hotel rooms don't tend to be as spacious as in other parts of the world. But I've never found the Kensington hotel room size to be an issue. They've always had a double bed and a small but ample bathroom.It's a busy hotel with a fair number of tour groups and airline staff staying there which may explain the hit or miss aspect to check-in. If you get there when these large groups are arriving it can be slow.But on balance this is a fine, fine hotel and if you're a leisure tourist with a great rate I think you'll have very few complaints about this hotel. It's thoroughly representative of the Hilton brand and I keep coming back whenever I'm in London based on the very, very attractive rates I seem to get at this property.I would recommend this place.	
Nov 18 2004	Great Location	It took me awhile to find a Hotel to stay in London, since there are tons of hotels there. I must say, I was hesitant to get a low cost accomodation, due to some negative feedbacks I read from this site, so to play it safe, I chose a hotel chain. Hilton Kensington, Location is very good, very accesible to bus stop (just in front of the hotel) and subway (a little 7 minutes walk from the station). If you're planning to take buses and subway, do buy a travel card before going to London, available in 1,3,7 days and it's worth it. You can just jump in any buses and subway even railways without queing to buy tickets and thinking of having an exact fare. Very convenient. Room is good size for 2 person, clean and comfortable. Breakfast buffet which was inclusive in our rate was great, although staying for 1 week in the hotel and eating the same breakfast everyday was not a good idea. Although, my only disappointment was about the staffs, during a busy day, there are only 3 staffs at the front desk, and they seems to have a slow service, having me qued for more than 30mins just to check in. And staffs are not that helpful and friendly.	
Nov 16 2004	Small rooms OK location could be better	We stayed in this Hilton Kensington in October 2004. London being as pricey as it is, we got a room here via Priceline for US$150 per nite total. The hotel is located near Notting Hill and Hyde Park and is about a 8 minute walk to the Holland Park Tube station. There is a direct airport bus from Heathrow, but we were told that the service would be discountinued by the end of this year. The rooms themselves were very small. Barely enough room to change your mind. The closets had hangers that hang your clothes sideways (to save space). Our room on the 5th floor had an extremely irritating toilet, which you had to flush about 8 or more times before you were able to get rid of the waste. Very annoying for us, as well as for our neighbors, i'm sure. We only stayed two nites so not worth it trying to switch rooms. The dining room had a long line for the breakfast buffet (which we didn't try).	
Nov 16 2004	had a great stay staff friendly and helpful	we have just returned from a trip in england and stayed at the hilton kensington hotel for 4 nights [oct 04] We had a double room on the 5th floor and found the room to be clean and quite a good size the bathroom was small but it had a double shower the room had a desk and 2 chairs which most london hotels will not fit in.The staff are very helpful and friendly and will help with luggage taxi,s etc although taxi service is usually right outside the door a bus stop is also outside the hotel and a pick up point for the london bus tour picks up across the rd.The hotel had 3 Eating areas and a bar to sit in at night. each night the staff in the bar bring a complimentary bowl of savoury snacks to the tables expect to pay over the odds for drinks and food but you can eat in several other places just a short walk away.We found the hall ways to be a little tired and in need of refurbishment and brought that to the attention on the customer survey that you get in your room we recieved a lovely letter when we got home telling us they will rectify this matter and to let them know when we stay again. we have recommended the hotel to friends nad will stay at the hotel when we are in london again the price we paid was very reasonable and it surprise me some of the poor comments in this review page maybe these people should pay a lot more and stop at a 5 star hotel not a 4 star	
Oct 31 2004	Demand room on first or second floor	We stayed at this hotel for a total of five nights on two different visits. It was recommended by Insight Tours, a company that we thought had better booking connections. Our first room at the hotel had non working room telephones and television (we missed important messages as messages are printed on the television); out dated furniture; worn carpeting, and we could hear the toilets flushing from rooms above us all night long. We requested a different room: it had no bedding on the beds and we tripped going into the room because of torn carpeting. Our third room ( on the renovated second floor) was decent, but small. The management turned off the air conditioning (which was still needed in our mid September visit); if we wanted any air circulation, we had to try to tolerate the noise from Holland Park Road. We insisted on a room on the second or first floor on our second visit....room was fine. If one plans on using this out of the way hotel, insist on a room on the first or second floor (renovated rooms).	
Sep 21 2004	recommended	I stayed at the Hilton Kensington for three days in September 2004 and recommend it. The single rooms are more than twice the size of what I’ve had elsewhere in the city (though not as large as an American Hilton). The price was moderate and the room was very clean. The walls and windows were thick enough to block most noise from the street and other rooms. But the plumbing could clearly be heard when my neighbors started showering. More than that, the pipes screeched at times making sleep impossible when my neighbors started their morning bathroom routine.Other downsides of the hotel: it’s not as conveniently located to a tube station as other properties. But the walk to the Holland Park stop is not unpleasant and has a café, a market, a pub along the way. There is also a bus stop right in front of the hotel. Not only the city busses stop there, so does the shuttle to Heathrow which makes getting to the airport a breeze. There was a gaffe at the front desk, as well. They somehow listed me as a member of a tourist group to which I didn’t belong. This involved a 6:30am wake up call I didn’t request, followed up by a bell hop barging into my room while I was still in bed insisting that he needed to take my luggage and me trying to explain that I didn’t leave until the next morning.	
Sep 20 2004	Never Again	Having arrived at the hotel after a tiring journey I was quite looking forward to staying at the Hilton. As soon as I opened the door to my room I was met by the strong smell of cigarette smoke - I had specifically asked for a non-smoking room. A quick glance to the left into the bathroom (I didn't venture into it) revealed a toilet bowl plastered, and I mean plastered, with excrement. I managed to find the telephone, in the dark as the main light did not work, and called reception. A few minutes later I was met outside the room by the duty manager .... to say I wasn't pleased is an understatement. After venting my anger the duty manager showed me to another room, having blamed the cleaners for the sorry state of the accommodation. The second room was adequate although the decor had seen better days and I couldn't stand upright in the shower ... I'm quite tall but anyone over 5'8&quot; would have to shower with their knuckles dragging on the floor of the bath (no separate shower). I travel regularly, both with work and on holiday, and I have never had an experience like that provided by the Hilton Kensington. Not to be repeated.	
Jun 23 2004	good place to staywhen visiting London	Our first trip to London and I was expecting really small rooms, ours was jsut like a room in the states. From the airport you take a convient bus and the hotel is the first stop on the route. There is a tube entrance just minutes from the hotel, which was really convient, when we came back in the evening if we had not eaten there are several really nice place to chose from between the subway and teh hotel. Convient , Clean, Helpful and friendly what more can I say	
May 26 2004	Hilton Kensinton OK	Hilton Kensington: Older Hilton with 7 floors. Room small but clean and maid service good. Staff very good to OK. Fancy lobby with 3 places to eat and shop. Taxi cabs usually outside from 4 am onwards and bus stops right outside. Tube stop about 6 block walk. Our room was quiet and slept well. Only problem was a/c was poor and room never got &quot;cold&quot; on a warm night. Problem was addressed well by staff: gave us fan and sent maintance man up to check. Since it cooled off the next night was not a problem for rest of stay, but would be concerned if they have another hot summer in London. Would recommend to friends.	
Mar 7 2004	Thought it was great!!	I stayed at the Hilton January 1-4, 2004, and was thoroughtly surprised at how nice my room was, given some of the reviews I had read about this hotel. My room (and bathroom) was very spacious and clean, and it appeared to have been redone fairly recently. Also numerous cable TV channels. I am a Hilton Gold Honors member, so that may have helped me avoid the bad rooms that are described in other reviews. However, I was also paying for my room with Hilton points, so considering that I was getting it for free, it seems likely that I would have been relegated to a lesser room. I really enjoyed the location--it is a little farther out of central London than would be ideal, but the surrounding neighborhood is beautiful--full of old homes and mansions. The walk to the Holland Park Underground stop is about 5 minutes. There are several decent restaurants within a short walk of the hotel--my favorite was one that had one of the few non-smoking sections in any of the restaurants in London so I ate several dinners there. Notting Hill and the Portobello Market are also closeby--both extremely interesting areas to stroll in. Overall, I thought this hotel was great--excellent location, good surroundings, good access.	
Mar 5 2004	just okay		
Jan 13 2004	Very happy with my stay.		
Dec 3 2003	Exec. Floor is great		
Nov 26 2003	Hilton??????		
Aug 26 2003	Terrible		
Jul 23 2003	Exec floor was great regular floor rooms not so good		
Jun 6 2003	Cabin Fever		
Apr 2 2003	Rooms not up to Hilton Standard		
Mar 31 2003	Good standard hotel		
Aug 23 2002	Big Enough to Cope - Small enough to care		
Aug 23 2002	Sin critica ninguna		
Aug 23 2002	A recommander		
Nov 16 2009 	Gute Lage und Anbindung		
Nov 11 2009 	BOof!		
Nov 4 2009 	???????????		
Oct 25 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 12 2009 	Un Hilton bien placé mais vieillissant...		
Oct 2 2009 	Un buon albergo per un viaggio di lavoro		
Sep 22 2009 	????????????????????		
Aug 18 2009 	Gutes Hotel in Kensinton		
Aug 14 2009 	Erstaunlich ruhig und nicht weit von der Innenstadt		
Jul 29 2009 	Parfait		
Jul 24 2009 	ottima esperienza		
Jun 9 2009 	Très agréable		
May 26 2009 	hervorragender Service		
May 9 2009 	buen hotel con excelente desayuno		
Mar 3 2009	Zimmer - sehr klein aber fein		
Feb 11 2009 	?????????????????		
Jan 4 2009 	BON HOTEL		
Sep 20 2008 	?????????		
Sep 5 2008 	MUY MODERNO Y LIMPIO EN LONDRES		
