	Perky staff. Tired rooms.	Staff are great. They're the best thing about the hotel now. I've stayed here a few times when on business in London. On my previous visit I changed rooms because the room I was assigned wasn't up to scratch. This time, on booking, I reminded reservations that I hadn't been impressed on my previous visit expecting that I might get a better room this time around. It was basic, tired and shabby. Lumpy pillows. Poorly ordered room. Hand held shower. It felt and looked more like an upscale hostel. It's a pity, because it used to be great.	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Stylish Clean and Comfortable Room	We stayed at MyHotel Bloomsbury when we went on a theatre break, the hotel was excellent, really clean and contemporary, the room was bigger than the last hotel we stayed at and the bed was a proper double and really comfortable. I marked down one point for service as we weren't told the bar had a private party on that evening so we went back and found we couldn't go in for a drink and had we been told then we would have changed our plans slightly after the show. Value wise for us to be honest it was excellent as it was at a reduced rate due to us having booked the theatre package.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent location spotlessly clean 	For my partner's birthday we decided to have a 'stay-cation' weekend in London and we picked myHotel because of it central location and its east-west fusion theme. I've previously stayed at this hotel for a business trip and I think it hotel has struck the perfect balance for both business/leisure customers. It's ideally located right next to Soho, Oxford Street, Covent garden making it the perfect place for our stay as we wanted to goto a few restaurants, bars and also do some shopping. The room we had was on the top floor and the view was very nice, we even saw the 1000 day olympics countdown at the BT tower from our window. The room was spotlessly clean and the trendy decor matches the style of the boutique hotel. The bed was big and comfy, I think it was one of the most relaxing deep sleep I had for a long time.The fitness room was slightly on the small side but was quiet and sufficient. The library was one of my favourite areas of the hotel. You can go there to surf the internet, read a book/magazine or just sit down on one of the comfy chairs and relax over a cup of coffee/tea.The staff were friendly, always smiling, had good attention to details and willing to go the extra mile. We had a few requests made through the reception and they were all met very quickly. Also on the day of us checking out we were (a few minutes) late for our breakfast and while most other hotels I've been to would have turned us away the staff at myHotel were very understanding and were happy to let us in... no hesitation, no attitude, no pulling faces, just smiles and warm welcomes.I've stayed at this hotel for both business &amp; leisure purposes and I'd highly recommend this hotel for both.	
Nov 16 2009 	A friendly hotel	A friendly and courteous staff welcomed us on arrival. The room was well equiped and clean. Location was ideal for all facilities and quiet considering we were just off of Tottenham Court Road!!The breakfast room was a little small for the amount of guests but the breakfast was of a good quality.	
Nov 10 2009 	Comfy bed good breakfast but some shortcomings in the bathroom.	We'd hoped to stay again at the Radisson Grafton, but it was full so we chose this hotel as we wanted to be in this area of London.We liked: the location was perfect for us; our corner room was a decent size with a very comfy bed; there was a good choice of food at breakfast; the staff were very friendly; we dropped our bags off early and when we returned that evening they had already been taken to our room. Considering the central location we did not find it noisy, and even with the windows closed it was not too hot, as London hotels often are.We didn't like: the bath was very slow to drain which meant standing up to your ankles in water when taking a shower; you had to work out the knack of flushing the toilet as the handle was slightly loose; I used the shampoo and shower gel on the first morning and these were not replaced for the following day; we asked a member of reception staff for directions to the nearest bus stop and were directed to a stop which would have taken us in the opposite direction - we needed to be on a different street.The bar was a pleasant place for a drink, but a little cramped for serving breakfast.This is not a bad hotel at all, but it's not particularly cheap and I didn't feel it offered great value for money.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very pleasant but a bit old hat.	Been four times and were growing accustomed. Very convenient, not bad value and no hassle. But there are now so many of these types of small hotels about that it has lost some momentum and enthusiasm. Would recommend it to those who have not done boutique hotels and want something which is smartish but with none of the baroque cumbersome clutter of big trad hotels nor boring and predictably modern.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good location 	Very convenient location, the rooms are good - spacious and nicely decorated.	
Oct 3 2009 	Worst night of sleep - ever!	We have stayed in many hotels over the years and plenty of average ones. We thought My Hotel would have been a safe bet as we have stayed at the one in Brighton and it was great, we were however dissapointed. On walking into our 'Standard Room' it felt more like a backpackers than a 'Boutique Hotel'. Tiny room, no double glazing and the windows didn't even close properly so you can imagine the noise on Tottenham Court Road on a Friday night and Saturday morning! The blinds were set 6&quot; back from the window so we may as well have slept with the lights on. Hotel staff did offer to show us other standard rooms but suggested paying to upgrade to superior if we weren't happy, clearly £145 is not enough for a decent room. It was my girlfriends Birthday on the Saturday and needless to say after a terrible night of sleep it was a disaster, if you want to sleep while in London avoid this hotel.	
Sep 27 2009 	well located but not quiet given on Tottenham Court Road	A lovely well-located hotel in the heart of London. Staff were great in the bar that evening. However, the outside noise is bad (although unsurpising). shame there was little soudn proffing between rooms either as I was woken by next doors wake up call as if it was in my own room. Unfortunately upon getting up I found out that my TV or main light did not work. While it was efficiently fixed, disappointing that I had to have sorted in the first place	
Jul 27 2009 	Good services small (single) room perfect for business or quick stay.	Lowkey laidback small hotel with helpful but unobtrusive staff. Nice small bar. Didn't check out the gym. Small comfortable library with free internet terminals, plentiful newspapers, mineral water fridge and excellent coffee machine. Small but comfortable single room with tea/coffee maker, trendy magazines, plasma TV, modern bathroom with adequate toiletries. Great location minutes walk from Covent Garden and theatre district. Close to a leafy square, and large supermarket. Would recommend for solo, business or weekend break travellers.	
Jul 13 2009 	Style over Substance	At first glance this hotel looks stylish and classy and indeed it is once inside.However the room itself was decidedly spartan and lacking a 4* feel.While the bed was firm and supportive the pillows were soft and decidedly unsupportive.The bathroom was small,the shower awkward and the supply of toiletries niggardly.Although beautifully clean and tidy the furniture was in need of painting as it looked tired.We felt that the hotel merited a 3* instead of a 4*:it seemed that the effort went into providing a basic service at a costly charge.	
Jul 7 2009 	Comfortable and good location	I was sent here from a nearby hotel which had overbooked. The staff were unobtrusive but perfectly friendly; I only stayed one night and did not eat at the hotel so I'm not sure about the service in the restaurant or bar. The room was small but adequate and the bed was very comfortable. Everything was spotlessly clean and the shower was powerful and hot. The room was painted maroon, which does show every chip but otherwise it was stylish, with loads of storage. It was very close to the tube and the British museum. Although I think I paid the (lower) price I would have paid at the hotel which had overbooked I did think it was reasonable value for this standard of hotel room in this part of London. I might well use the hotel again for a special occasion.	
May 21 2009 	Great hotel small room	Try and avoid room 408. A VERY small room and for the price charged, not worth the money. Having said that it was clean. Staff very friendly, quite efficient, but what on earth posessed them to buy those black chairs in the bar/restaurant. They wobble when you sit on them. Dirch them I say and get something comfortable. I guess it's called modern or funky. Sorry, to me they just don't work. Reception staff efficient, but they did not go out of there way to make us feel welcome.	
May 18 2009 	Waste of money!	Having stayed at MyHotel Brighton it came as quite a shock staying here, where as in Brighton we were greated with a smile and a responsive/helpful reception staff, here a gruff rebuke welcomed us. No information were breakfast could be taken and times, not being asked if we would like a newspaper, just your &quot;Suite is on the second floor&quot;.Having entered our &quot;SUITE&quot; the first thing that I noticed was a bone dry/ half dead money plant after giving it a much needed watering I needed to use the Facilities....having used them I went too wash my hands (I always do! swine flu etc) only to find no handbasin in the WC...you had to leave this room and across into the seperate bathroom through two doors just to wash your hands after using the toilet!!After looking around the SUITE again I looked up at the Curtains they were hanging off the rails and it reminded me of a DHS doss house, very luxurious?! We needed to get out after thinking what a waste of money! On our return after a brilliant night out seeing Priscilla Queen of the Desert, a brilliant show well recommended! .....we wanted to use a bedside light (Only one provided?) only to find this not working, a harsh overhead pendant the only sorce of light. I may also ask the question has the credit crunch effected the amount of pillows this one allows its guests? one each!Having met friends later on the following day who were staying at the TRAVEL INN in nearby Convent Garden they should us their room, Ninety pounds cheaper....two pillows each, curtains hanging and a toilet with a sink! I know were we'll be staying.A side from this dissapointment, I whole heartilly recommend MYHOTEL Brighton, friendly attentive helpful staff, beautiful rooms and well worth the money unlike this one.	
May 16 2009 	Very good location and very comfortable rooms	I only stayed one night but it was exactly as described. Check in was quick and efficient the room was clean, the bed was very comfortable, everything was in working order and breakfast the following was very good, with an excellent cappuccino. You can't be more central than that, yet at the same time in a fairly quiet street. I mean, what more would you want in the heart of London?? As for the comments on the room size, frankly unless you want to pay through the nose staying in some 5 star plus hotel, what do you expect these days, when even newly built houses in the UK are among the smallest in the world (read today's news...)??	
May 15 2009 	Don't believe the marketing	The room I stayed in at this hotel was the smallest I have seen in my life. It was shabby with chipped furniture and walls. The overpowering purple paint seemed to be the only style statement. Why on earth would you paint the walls so dark in a room that is so tiny. It was like staying inside a grape. The wardrobe faced the wall so you couldn't even see in it and had to reach around from the side to grope for whatever you want. The complimentary water, bathrobes, and 'faux fur' bedspreads did not exist. The LCD TV was so small that even in the tiny space of the room you couldn't see it.. Even on a hugely discounted price you pay for this it is not worth it. It is truly awful.	
May 3 2009 	Good start poor finish	Upon arrival the staff were efficient and helpful but neither were they friendly or welcoming. I was disappointed the room was so small. I chose not to eat in the hotel though did have a drink in the bar. Getting in to bed I turned off one of the bedside lights and seemed to blow all the fuses in the room. This was localised to the room. At reception I told them of the problem and it appears this was not the the first time this had happened. I really wanted a quick fix not a shared experience, however it seemed that there was no possibility of getting the work done at night. As it was too much hassle to move all my stuff I agreed to take a torch and have a monastic evening. In the morning I met the manager I spoke to the night before, whom I had to ask for a 'make right' on the bill. He made no attempt at an apology or made any reference to the incident which all in all was very poor from a service perspective. I stay in hotels about 100+ nights a year this hotel is off the list.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Location  Nice 	The hotel is very close to Oxford Str , Soho. You can walk to all the hot spots in the city.Our room was on the first floor. It was small but everything was clean. And the ceiling was very high so we didnt change the room. The hotel has a very nice internet-room. You can sit , relax , have a cup of tea or coffee and use the internet for free anytime you want. lf we go to London again , me and my husband will choose this hotel for sure.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed just one night. The hotel is not far from the tube, although the rooms are small the hotel staff are very helpful. The rooms are clean, well equiped and modern. Breakfast was yummy. The price was very reasonable. I would definately go back and would recommend.	
Apr 9 2009 	Central stylish and sophisticated! Perfect for a cit break.	I had a fantastic one-night stay at Myhotel Bloomsbury! The central location was perfect for going out to clubs and bars in the west end as it just a short walk from the hotel. Very near theatres too. However, despite being so centrally located, the hotel was very peaceful. The hotel decor is sleek and attractive and creates a glamorous ambience. There is also a library, beauty therapy rooms and a gym so its a great city retreat to pamper yourself!The staff were welcoming, well presented, attentive and efficient. We ordered some 'Pornstar Martini' cocktails which were delicious - my new favourite cocktail!Our room had a huge, comfortable bed with a well stocked mini bar. Really good shower and lots of good quality bath salts, shower gels, and toiletries. and nice and quiet so had a great night's sleep.The big wall mounted flat screen tv was also great and included satellite. This was great for channel-hopping and having a lazy lie in in the morning!When we checked out the location was ideal for going shopping, eating out, visiting London's galleries, parks and museums.Again the hotel staff were very helpful and offered to hold our luggage in the cloakroom so we could enjoy our day out, and then collect our bags from the hotel later on.	
Apr 8 2009 	fabulous service perfect central location cool and spacious rooms	What a great hotel! Service was impeccable especially the day spa. Rooms are bigger and more modern than the usual London hotel rooms.Very clean. Situated on a quieter street in the hub of London which made it eay to walk around instead of catching taxis everywhere. Loved the front office staff as they were all really friendly and looked liked they enjoy their job.	
Mar 1 2009 	Very avant-garde but extremely small	The staff were well groomed and greeted us nicely. Since British Airways/US Airways lost our luggage, we had no bags with us to utilized the bell service. The room was very small but it is typical like most hotel room in downtown london. We were told the breakfast was included withour stay but later charged since they found out that we booked it at a special rate, it was charged for the 2nd nights. Free w-fi cards were given to us or we will allow access to the library and a workout room downstairs. No sauna or hot tub available but it is rather nice decor with Asian accent. Way too small for two 200/250lbs men sharing one bed and neither one slept well.	
Feb 27 2009 	Great location so expect to pay a little more!	Great location - very near to Convent Garden and theatres. They were 5 minutes walk away. Also 5 minutes from Oxford St etc. Quite pricey but to be expected in such a central location. The room was clean, comfortable, on the small side but adequate. The internet room was great. Really well designed and a well equipped gym too. Continental breakfast was yummy!	
Jan 2 2009 	Nice clean hotel in ideal location for Oxford St 	Booked for New Year Break, given upgrade to suite on arrival. Staff very freindly &amp; helpfull, continental breakfast excellent. A bit pricey, but we were more than happy with the choice.	
Dec 20 2008 	Too many little things are wrong; Staff is clueless	I stayed at myhotel bloomsbury for 9 nights in December 08 for a mix of business and pleasure. My first 5 nights were in a single and then the last 4 were in a double with my husband. I will never stay here again.Check in: I checked in after the check in time and my room was not ready. They offered me a complimentary drink and said they would bring my key when it was ready - fine except it took 40 minutes. Upon check in, they informed me I would need to change rooms when my husband arrived because my single room was too small but they insisted there was no rate change- great!First Room: I had room 420 for my single. It was cute, clean upon check in, but cold. I adjusted the heat and could never get to the right temperature- I was either freezing or burning up. The TV worked sporadically. The internet was great. The phone did not work. I called for help with the phone and they connected me through how i needed and then 2 minutes later someone was at my room- I just had you connect me to a call- why are you at my room? They did not clean the room very well at all.Second room: I had room 118 for my double. It seemed smaller than the single with a double bed. Again, the temperature was hard to control. The TV did not work at all in this room.Bar: The bar here is quite nice and a bright spot- they have a great menu of mixed drinks and wine. They claim to be open24 hours a day. Don't beleive this. From 1AM on they only offer you basic drinks and wine which is understandable just not what they advertise. Only other complaint- the staff at the bar barely speak English. I have traveled around the world and hotel staff speak better English everywhere else. Gym: The gym is good- the equipment is clean. The TVs are nice. It is hot though!Check out: Check out was awful. They tried to charge me 30 pounds &quot;upgrade&quot; fee for my double room when they had insisted there was no upcharge. This is just unacceptable. I asked multiple times at check in and when I got my new room key to ensure I understood correctly and they all insisted I had. The General Manager told me the employees couldnt see the upgrade fee- I hate to tell him- that is not my fault.The value for the room is fine. The value for the service is not acceptable. This hotel pretends to focus on you and your unique needs- it doesnt.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great location friendly staff small room	My wife and I stayed at Myhotel Bloomsbury for a 4 night stay at the end of November. We had booked this hotel through an on-line auction site and got a room rate that was unbelievably inexpensive. So, for a price of just over $100 per night, there was little this hotel could have done that would have caused disappointment.Biggest plus - Location. Literally steps from Tottenham Court Road and only two blocks from the tube station. The hotel is strategically on the border of two great neighborhoods: Bloomsbury and Fitzrovia. This means there are plenty of fine restaurants within a quick stroll, the British Museum is only minutes away, and many attractions are easy to get to. There are several pubs very close by, in fact the Jack Horner is in the same building.I always appreciate hotels who understand the needs of travelers who just got off a transatlantic flight. We were thrilled that our room was available when we checked in at 12:30 p.m.We were given room 306, which had a queen size bed. We were very happy about that. The room was small and only had one chair, at a desk. There was a flat-panel TV on the wall, over the desk, but it's placement was very odd for TV watching. We were impressed that the room had a stereo and we listened to the radio much more than we watched TV. As other's have commented, there is a lack of closet space. There was one small cabinet for hanging garments. The room could definitely have benefited from a few wall hooks. Despite the small size of the room, they used the space well and we were not getting into each others way. A desk lamp could have improved things in terms of lighting but there were useful reading lights for the bed. There were two drawers in a dresser and two drawers at the desk available for unpacking into. The dresser also had a safe, and there was an electric kettle with tea, Nescafe, and hot chocolate provided. We appreciated that they provided two water glasses, two tea mugs and two wine glasses on the vanity. There was a mini-bar/refrigerator (dreadfully overpriced) that we used it to chill beverages we bought from Tesco's down the block.We, too, had issues with squeaky floor boards in the room but didn't hear a noise from anywhere else except the occasional police siren on Tottenham Court Road.We were thrilled with the quality of the towels in the bathroom. They were possibly the best we've had in any hotel we've ever stayed at in London. The entire bathroom, while very small, was set up well. Good water pressure and temperature was available at all hours.We did not have the breakfast as part of our room rate. I agree that 14 UK pounds is exceptionally unreasonable. The only thing we ever got from the on-site restaurant was a cup of filter coffee for 2.50... a bit steep.The wireless worked perfectly, but if we had known how wonderful the library was we never would have even brought a laptop with us (3 pc-based computers and 1 mac were available in the library). The library had free coffee and bottled water and fruit all day. I never used the gym but there were 3 -4 machines and all seemed to be adequate.Overall, we were very pleased by this hotel and would stay there again.	
Nov 25 2008 	Trendy hotel in central location but overpriced noisy and cheap decor	I stayed with my partner at MyHotel Bloomsbury at the end of November 2008 as part of a business trip. Initial impressions were great, as the hotel exterior is very smart, and check-in service was very friendly.We were given a double room on the third floor, directly opposite the lift and next door to the cleaners' storage room. The room was small, but adequate, and the bathroom (with full bath) was nicely fitted. The shower had a good pressure and maintained it's temperature.Unfortunately, the floorboards in the room were incredibly squeaky, and so were the floorboards in the room above. This disturbed our sleep, and the noise from the storage cupboard next door woke us up early.The reception on the TV was not great, with a very fuzzy picture. Wi-Fi worked as described. I was disappointed by the amount of hanging space provided, and that an iron and ironing board was not provided in the room, although I note that this could be provided on request.Breakfast was a typical continental affair, with croissants and various other pastries, breads, cold meats, fruit etc. Make sure you get this included in your room rate, as it costs £14.00 on it's own and is definitely not worth this. Other than that, the breakfast was very nice, but the staff were a little off-putting, staring at us while we ate.Final point is that the decor in the hotel both in the room and in the communal areas was of poor quality and looked rushed and done on a small budget - not what you expect from a 4 star hotel. Some of the plasterboard walls in our room were starting to detach from the beams behind, which was quite concerning.	
Sep 23 2008 	Just lovely	As a birthday present, we booked a theatre show as well as a West End hotel instead of rushing for the last tube/train or costly cab fare home. We were greeted by two friendly receptionists as well as noticing the all round hip and contemporary feel. Our room was lovely but had some minor signs of wear and tear. There also appeared to be a pleasant scent throughout the hotel. We enjoyed a couple of cocktails in the bar however service could have been a bit faster. Realised there was a Yo-sushi behind the reception desk and so popped in for a quick dinner. We requested for extra swift service due to time constraints and they did their best to please. Just 5 mins from Tottenham Court Rd station (but a far cry from the tackiness around the station) and great being able to stroll back in 10 mins from a night out from the theatres and bars around Covent Garden/Soho. Loved our breakfast the following morning. Would recommend.	
Aug 23 2008 	OK for a Business Trip	Arrived at the hotel on a very wet Sunday afternoon we choose the hotel as my Husband was attending a business meeting on the Monday, and the hotel is situated in a good central location, we got a taxi from Euston and arrived at the hotel within 10 min.On arrival the receptionist greeted us very well and booked us in very swiftly, we had folllowing other TA reviews of this hotel decided to upgrade to a suite room, the room was of a good size on the side of the hotel, the room was described as minimal but for our taste this bordered on stark, but it was clean and the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was of a decent size and as other people have commented there were some nice bathroom products.We quickly unpacked as we were only staying for one night, and went down to the bar for a quick drink as we had booked to have lunch elsewhere and wait for a taxi the staff were extreamly nice and friendly.The public areas of the hotel are also very minimal in decor, downstairs they have a small library type room but we did not have the opportunity to use this. The hotel is in a good central location however for speed we only used taxis to get around this did prove costly because the traffic especially on Monday was very busy and the taxi meters keep running even when you are not moving.As we had booked lunch on both Sunday and Monday in other restaurants we did not use the hotel restaurant but on Sunday it was very quiet but on Monday it was packed so I assume the food was good.Breakfast according to my Husband as I did not eat it was very basic.All in all a decent hotel with helpful and friendly staff OK for an overnight business trip.	
Aug 18 2008 	Bit of a dissapointing stay	On the surface a lovely hotel, but expensive for small rooms which seem to have become a little tried. We booked a superior room, which was basic and had 2 single materesses pushed together (very romantic) also no wifi signal and a iron which ruined a shirt (not a great start). Manager moved us to a suite (which was just a normal size room) and comped' our breakfast - but the furniture was tried, the aircon very inefficent and we ran out of shower gel as it wasn't replaced. All in all felt a little ripped off for 2 nights at just shy of £200 a night. The bar and Yo Sushi were the plus points.	
Aug 11 2008 	Romance is Dead	Overall this is a great hotel, good location, friendly staff and nice clean, well appointed rooms.My only word of warning would be, be wary of booking their extended packages like their &quot;Romance Package&quot;, which boosts of;• Myromance is for those who simply want to share their inclusive box of chocolates with a loved one• A deliciously chilled bottle of Laurent-Perrier Champagne served in the bedroom. • With a candle to create just the right atmosphere • Aromatherapy massage oil. • Beautiful soft ostrich feather. • In the morning, a room service continental breakfast ensures the bedroom is the only place to be. --However when we got there we had to explain what the package was to the reception staff and when we got to our room there was nothing in it. I had to call down and ask for the package to be put in (romantic surprise!), and we went out for the evening. When we returned there was a bottle of champagne plonked on the dresser.That was it! For the extra £50 that was all they could be bothered to do.It's a reflection of the times, people are excellent at marketing, great at developing ideas and up-selling experiences, slick and adept at taking our money, but lazy and reticent when it actually comes to the physicality of doing anything. We were offered the package contents in the morning, an apology and some money off, but the moment had passed.It's a nice hotel, all I'm saying is make sure if you book a package you get someone's name and make someone accountable for it on your arrival, or it just won't happen and you'll look like a fool infront of your partner like I did.	
May 28 2008 	Tried to fit in... but failed!	OK, hotel rooms in London nowadays are in general miniscule. One has to be ready for this when preparing for a trip. I've been to London three times this last year, stayed at 3 different hotels and what they all had in common was rooms so small, you couldn't keep your suitcase open and walk around at the same time.Mind that this applies to what would be called &quot;regular&quot; rooms. The &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms are a different story.My single room at myhotel Bloomsbury was not bigger than the average standard rate room in London.On the positive side, the hotel was very centrally located, there was some care taken in the way the hotel looked (no walls were peeling and no worn furniture), there were a couple of nice spaces in the basement for the use of the guests and the sound system in the room was a nice touch. I shouldn't forget the complimentary WiFi internet. Also, I imagine the water boiler and the little tin box with complimentary sachets of instant coffee, tea and chocolate would be appreciated by some people who are nicer than me.The bar at the ground floor is also very nice.All of this would be very nice, if there wasn't construction work going on in the back of the hotel. Every day except Sunday, it would be impossible to sleep between 8am and 5-6pm (not exactly sure when they stopped work... wasn't in the room then), over the noise of the drills and the shouts between the construction workers. I would have enjoyed the water boiler, if I also had a mini-fridge where I could keep some milk to go with my instant coffee. No mini-fridge there. Of course, how could a mini-fridge fit in the room, when there wasn’t even any room for a closet! The clothes that needed hanging, had to be hang on hangers on racks that were jutting out of the wall. Keep in mind that the room was so small that the suitcase could not be kept open. And no closet also meant no safe, so I wasn’t feeling very safe when I had to choose between carrying my passport around town or abandoning it in the hotel.Also, the towels must have been washed with some environmentally friendly detergent that left a funny smell… They didn’t smell dirty, just a bit like they had been dry-cleaned which wasn’t a very nice feeling when you had to rub your face into them.Breakfast was just plain OK. I’ve had much better breakfasts in the other 2 hotels I stayed this year. What was incredible was the disappearing staff on Saturday and Sunday morning… Nobody to bring you coffee for a while!Somebody has to start regulating London hotels… It is just ridiculous what they think they can get away with!	
Apr 23 2008 	Good things come in small packages	We stayed at myhotel on New Years Eve (2007/2008). Not many hotels were available last minute for a stay at this time of year so we considered ourselves lucky to get in anywhere.The check in was fast. The hotel was easy to find (being just round the corner from the tube) and it was a few steps away from Oxford Street and many other attractions besides.The rooms were nicely presented but tiny with windows that spanned from about waist height almost to the very top of their high ceilings. The windows had long blinds which did not keep out the light that well so I suggest you take something to cover your eyes whilst you sleep if this could be a problem for you. We decided that if the room had been turned on its side we may have got a size of bedroom compatible with the price we paid.The bathroom was very small. If you sit on the loo your knees are directly under the sink (not good for my partner who is over 6ft tall)....Looking on the bright side, you could kill two birds with one stone by brushing your teeth whilst sitting there doing your business!The bath(shower) had a fixed screen (not a good idea in a bathroom so small) which meant that you had to contort your body to get between the loo and the bath to enter it - a shower curtain would have utilised the space a bit better.In general, the room was clean and modern with everything you could ask for except for the absence of a mini bar/fridge (oh, and a bit more space).The price went up for New Year to around £150 for the night inclusive of breakfast - by the way, the staff in the dining room were very accommodating and the breakfast was both delicious and filling.This was a nice hotel in that area but we stayed a the Jury's Inn and had a room 4 times the size for less than we paid here - the Jury's is also a very nice place to stay.Don't be put off unless you are claustrophobic as this is a very nice hotel but then again don't pay over the odds for a room here either as you don't get a lot of space for your money.	
Apr 8 2008 	Thumbs Up	My boyfriend &amp; I chose MyHotel due to it's location and agreeable rates available through Expedia. The hotel is typical of it's central London location (small room) however what it lacks in space, it certainly makes up for in style.The rooms are beautifully furnished with an excellent finish. Ameneties include: hairdryer, Plasma TV, free wireless access in room, robe, safe, tea/coffee facilities, CD player, Aveda bathroom products. The staff are excellent - very friendly and keen to help but not overwhelmingly so. Although we didn't use the gym/library (free internet access) they looked up to standard and well equiped (esp for a hotel gym). It's a real bonus to have Yo Sushi on the ground floor (provided you are a sushi lover) as well as a funky hotel bar with outdoor seating (perfect for those spring/summer evenings).It's located close by to Oxford Street for shopping (Selfridges, etc) and Soho/Charlotte Street for eating, hanging out in cool bars and people watching.Would definately recommend &amp; will certainly stay there again when next in town.	
Feb 20 2008 	loved the Zen-like library and delicious smells	A very nice hotel and I would recommend it. The lobby seems unimposing but once inside it is tranquil and there are fragrant candles burning. There is a snug, atmospheric bar with an Eastern-feel. I also used the library in the basement which has soft-lighting and free internet access along with free tea and coffee. Everywhere is incence and scented candles. Our room was fine, a bit small perhaps, the bathroom was modern but not central heated and felt cold. A minor criticism is that it is actually quite complicated to work the shower/bath and unless your arms are above average length you will need to step into the bath to turn it on. I drenched my head in cold water from the shower trying to run a bath. The TV is overly complicated and I almost selected an adult movie by mistake. I had to turn the TV off and then back on to get rid of it. The room feels modern and clean. Toileteries of good quality but not enough. Towels, fluffy and luxurious, and nice bathrobes and slippers. Not enough room for my luggage. The breakfast was really, really good with fruit, cheese, waffles and all sorts of breads etc. One of the best breakfasts I have had in the UK. The Yo Sushi next to the hotel is great. The bar serves delicious cocktails in a lovely atmosphere.	
Feb 17 2008 	Great location 	+ Great location: 2 mins footwalk to Oxford St &amp; London tube+ Clean hotel+ Forthcoming staff - great service+ Lounge in groundfloor w/ free coffee/tea &amp; water+ Gym &amp; Spa in hotel- No big variety in breakfast (boring if you stay longer)- Thin walls between roomsWould definitely recommend to stay here &amp; will come back myself	
Feb 4 2008 	far not worth it	toilett flush not working, weak water stream and changing shower temperature, a dangerously burning hot towel dryer in the small bathroom, a micro hifi not working, used-looking furniture, bad insonorisation from the noisy street, hard to manage heat system... and perhaps most frustrating from it all, a &quot;sorry we don't serve the breakfast you already paid for anymore, it's eleven and it only served till eleven, but here is the menu if you wish to order a breakfast&quot;...a definitely no-go	
Dec 27 2007 	Great Location Stylish Hotel	I like staying at MyHotel Bloomsbury. It is always clean and comfortable.It is a great location for me as i love to shop on oxford.Rooms are quite small, but i think that is common in Europe.	
Dec 27 2007 	Didnt live up to expectations	Hmmm average rating really, was in London working for 2 nights and needed to book somewhere reasonablly priced at the last minute in December. Used to use the Myhotel bar a couple of years ago when I lived in London and had always wanted to stay but wasn't as great as I remembered. The room was the real let down although it was ok for a business trip. Just an extremley small single room, ok I didnt expect it to be that big as it was a singe but I am a small UK size 8 and I struggled to move around the bathroom and a weird set up with the wardrobe - had to reach hand into a small gap to hang up clothes, my husband would have got his arm stuck?! Another big bug bear with me although this isnt unique to this hotel the hairdryer. Will somebody please provide a decent hairdryer in a hotel, we ladies do like to style our barnets and not just wash and go, thankfully this one did have switches not one of those awful things that you have to hold on to use, however there was no mirror in the room. Ugh so annoying!! Didnt stretch to the mirror on the door or into the bathroom. Apart from that if you need somewhere to stay that is central for around £155 per night this is an ok pick. It's clean, the breakfast was fine but wasn't included in the price, check in was good, one of the lifts was broken. Just average.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Room and Location	Stayed here a while back and loved the location. It is so central to the parts of London that I like to explore.The bar was nice and was used one night to hang out with some friends from Paris. The bathroom was decently sized with a good soaker tub and the room handled our American sized luggage. The bedding was very comfortable but did swallow up the room. Considering the prices of neighboring Mayfair hotels this hotel seemed like a bargain. I would definitely stay here the next time I am in London.	
Sep 20 2007 	Great location but not Zen	I stayed at myhotel bloomsbury back in 1999 and had an absolutely serene experience. The room, the service, everything was very Zen. I loved it and actually thought about it in the years after I'd been there.I came back again in 2007. I'd been to London since, but had stayed at higher-end places either because the company was paying or because I was using some mileage or point program to pay. this time I was footing the bill, so I chose the somewhat more modest myhotel. the quite good: the location is still great - quick walk to the theaters or the subway or the national gallery or the british museum. love the location.also, a very nice feature of this hotel is the library. There are a couple of computers you can use to get online. There are magazines and books, and there's even coffee and water. A very nice way to wind up or down at the beginning or end of a tiring day or trekking around the city.pretty good: the rooms all come with stereos and nice toiletries, and the breakfast is fab. Really nice. not as good as I remembered: it could be I'd idealized this place, or maybe it really had changed. I'd remembered it all as very Zen -- especially the rooms. Very spare, very peaceful, etc.This time the room was sort of orange and brown and maybe some other color. Also, as others have said, there was construction outside -- very noisy, yes, although not when I was trying to sleep; attractive to look at? no. Out of the hotel's control, to be sure, but it does take away from the Zen quality.	
Sep 1 2007 	Love the location hate the construction noise	This was my third or fourth stay at myhotel Bloomsbury. The room was smallish but comfortable, the staff friendly and accommodating, and the amenities acceptable. As a business traveler, I dislike being trapped in touristy areas, where everything is overpriced, selection is limited, and locals scarce. Fancy tourist hotels are also a tipping nightmare - I don’t need anyone to open my door or hail me a cab, thank you. For me, the best part of myhotel Bloomsbury is its great location, just off Tottenham Court Road a few blocks from Oxford Street. From here, buses, tubes and cabs can get you anywhere in the city, pretty quickly, and if the weather is tolerable, you’re within walking distance of all of central London. It’s a great stroll neighborhood. There are funky little restaurants and shops on Goodge Street, two blocks away. Tescos and newsstands and electronics shops and conveniences abound. The British Museum is around the corner. There’s a little movie theater across the street. The hotel itself houses a popular little sushi restaurant, and has a hip young bar scene at night. There’s a friendly corner pub right next door.All that said, here are my quibbles:1. Construction noise - The stately old building that completely flanks the rear of the hotel is being renovated, with jackhammers and all. The work doesn’t begin until around 8 am and ends around 8 or 9pm, but if you’re expecting a nice afternoon nap or some quiet time for daytime business, you’d best bring heavy-duty earplugs. I don’t know when the work is scheduled for completion, but from the looks of things it won’t be any time soon.2. The flat-screen TV receives something like 7 or 8 boring channels, plus a few music-only channels. If you need video entertainment in your room, bring a laptop and a pile of DVD’s.3. No vending machines. Most neighborhood shops close at 10, the Tesco at midnight, so plan ahead. If you want a snack or a soda, you have to get it at the lobby bar, which is open 24 hours. A glass of Coke will set you back 2 pounds. Outrageous!One more thing - try to avoid rooms facing Tottenham Court Road. Although the large double windows and heavy curtains muffle most of the sound, there is truck and bus traffic all night long. It’s impossible to open the windows and sleep with the fresh, cool night air.	
Aug 14 2007 	small rooms equiped with everything you need excellent amenities...	I stood there for one week. Reception was always friendly and helpful.Room was quite small, but with everything equiped you will expect in a 5 star Hotel: coffee &amp; tea facilities, flat TV, CD, Radio, shoe shine...In the basement you can find access 24h to the so called library...real cool location with tea &amp; coffee facilities, allways fresh fruits, relaxing area and 6 Internet Terminals with free use of printer and everything you need to do your admin.The F&amp;B was very good, always nice people at the bar / restaurant. The location is perfect in London for Musical (Queen round the corner) shopping, clubbing...and for business. I will def. go there again for my next London trip!	
Jul 13 2007 	Good hotel good service and good location	This hotel is a bit of a wierd one. I've stayed in so many hotels in Londona and all over the world that this one doesn't really stand out - except that it is more expensive than it should be for what you get and the service was very good. 1. No parking - you have to go to the NCP 5 minutes round the corner. Pain if it's raining.2. Lovely reception area, friendly staff and very helpful. 3. Room was just about OK, getting a bit faded and bathroom was v average but with nice toiletaries. 4. V comfy beds. Everything else random and a bit small. Tiny tiny wardrobe, fiddly lamps that are meant to be feng shui I guess but are just annoying. Everything getting a bit tired, but I guess originally was very nice. 5. Man from reception phoned to say that we would we like a late check out as it was my birthday. Nice touch. 6. Man from reception walked us out in to the street under a brolly and called a taxi for us in pouring rain. 5* service in a 3* hotel. 7. Location is excellent, right on Tottenham Ct Road and all the big shops, plus near British Museum and Marylebone High St great for browsing shops and brekky. 8. Has a Yo! Suhsi next door - always a bonus. Overall a good hotel experience, nothing too wow, nothing too bad, but I do think you can get better for less in London. Would I go back? Hmmmmm.....only if I needed to be in that exact area, otherwise I would probably try something else. If the rooms were improved then Yes, 100%.	
Jul 8 2007	Don't call it myhotel...	I'm surprised by all the reviews saying how wonderful this hotel is. I guess it all comes down to expectations. My experience here was a disaster. I travel alot for work so maybe my experience makes me a bit more discerning but here were the problems. You judge for yourself whether you want to deal with this place or not.1. Price: Extremely overpriced compared to what you are getting and what you can get for the money. The room is too small with too few amenities to be worth the £150-£200 per night going rate for a double. Plus it seems like it has seen better days. The rooms carpets are dirty and stained and the bathrooms are worn and tired.2. Loud: I was first placed in a 1st floor room above the sushi restaurant (which was actually pretty decent). The music drifting through the floor, heavy base beat, made it all but impossible to sleep. I had to change rooms. 3. TVs: In my first room it was placed against a wall parallel to bed. You couldn't see it (I thought this place was supposed to be about feng shui and smart design...no so smart.) My second room it didn't work at all. Someone came up and fiddled with it and got it to work if the wire to one of the boxes was held just so and left. I didn't have the patience to fix the thing every time i wanted to watch it (which involved crawling on hands and knees under a desk etc) So if you want a TV chances are you're gonna be out of luck here.4. Temperature: The heat was blasting in my room and the AC could barely counter it. This was the middle of summer. It was horrible. No one could figure out how to fix it!!! And the hotel's response was simply to pretend it wasn't an issue...weird.5. Towels: 1 per room even though it's a double? That's just plain dumb. I had to beg for an extra towel and the maid took it away the enxt day even though I left it hung on the rack indicating I'd use it again. She did this every day. She also took my shampoo each day and didn't replace. So I had to go to the front desk twice to get towels and shampoo.6. Breakfast: What a waste of time. It was pretty lame. The continental had no fresh fruit or anything beyond some pastries. Just some old breads and danish you'd see in a conference room setting and some croissants. This was pretty pitiful.7. Service: Pretty non-existent. And given all the problems I had, no interest in fixing them. This was the biggest issue to me. If you're gonna personalize the experience and call it 'my' hotel you really need to follow through and fix problems and meet requests as they arise. There was absolutely none of this...Overall I'd avoid this place. Not worth the money and really nothing special to recommend it. At one time it was probably pretty nice and cool but judging on the wear and tear that time was about 5-7 years ago...	
Mar 30 2007 	If you can get a good rate very nice	Spent 6 nights at myhotel Bloomsbury at the end of March 2007. We booked through a hotel web site for just over $250 US. The room offered at this price was very small so we chose to upgrade to a superior room (#201) which was double the size. It was about $50 US per day for the upgrade. Our room had 2 large arched large windows in the front of the hotel, a flat screen tv, cd player, safe, desk and sitting area with sofa and chair. Very pleasant and the linens (hotel frette) were great. At the rate we paid--and considering it was London--we felt we got a good value. There is comfortable library in the basement with internet and a workout room. A nice breakfast was included with the room. The staff was friendly and attentive as well. The location is a couple blocks from the British Museum. myhotel's web site was a video tour of the hotel that it a good representation except that some spots are getting worn.	
Mar 28 2007 	Lovely myhotel	Had a lovely weekend staying at myhotel - good location in Bloomsbury, near shops/bars/musuems/cinema. Hotel is very stylish - lovely bedding and aveda toilettries. Staff were all very helpful andthe breakfast and bar area are lovely. Our only problem was not beingable to work the heating during a cold spell but can't really fault them on that.	
Mar 15 2007	ok location overpriced	nice modern hotel in a good location, however the quality did not match the price. room was nice inside but lacked some details, too much noise from the corridor and the floor above my room, you could hear steps and squeaking.staff was decent, in all honesty I had trouble understanding the receptionist, he spoke in an indian type accent at 150mph.I have no major complaints but next time I will stay at another hotel, there are many that are equally nice for a more reasonable price.	
Feb 15 2007 	Never been treated better	The staff at myhotel Bloomsbury were great. The attention to detail makes you feel like you're at home with things set 'just how you like them'.Service was personal without being in-your-face.The library is a great place to just sit. The decor and the aromas throughout the hotel are just lovely.The buffet breakfast offered a great selection of healthy options.The location is fantastic, I walked everywhere.I highly recommend myhotel Bloomsbury and I'll definitely stay there again.	
Feb 14 2007	Strange odd stainy	I was given a tour of this hotel after I went in out of curiosity. I will never stay at this hotel after having seen the rooms. They are so tiny, they look like jail cells. And the &quot;closets&quot; consist of thin and long spaces in the wall designed so that you cannot see the clothing (that's actually what the tour guide told me!) So you have to stick your arm in and around just to access the clothing. But the worst thing was when I saw the comforter on the bed. First of all, it was all fur (no idea if that was real or fake fur). Very fuzzy. Then I made the mistake of touching it. A white, sticky substance got onto my hand...say no more. That was it. I was outta there! Too weird.	
Jan 24 2007	My Home Away From Home	I never normally write reviews but I am compelled to make a comment on MyHotel Bloomsbury. As a global traveler there are certain essential services that are a &quot;must have&quot; in a hotel such as; internet and business facilities, good location, 24 hour services including quality room service, security, concierge relations and gym amenities. As a regular visitor to the UK I have for the past 18 months been a regular guest of MyHotel Bloomsbury because of the entire staff’s attention to detail and a genuine concern for me as a guest. Not only are the rooms well appointed, the hotel has an excellent conference facility and catering service that results in my time being thoroughly utilised. The rooms are well appointed with first rate beds and linen, and to make sure you don't feel like you are living in a box, each room has a slightly unique décor that is not off the shelf IKEA. There is a 24 hour bar and an excellent Japanese restaurant that is open for lunch and dinner. They also provide quality transport to and from the airport ensuring you are fully managed during your stay. From the management through to the house staff their commitment to hospitality is truly exceptional and unlike the larger hotel chains - they remember your name! When I meet other guests the comment is always the same, &quot;I will be staying here again&quot;. MyHotel is a great example of a modern boutique hotel that caters to the modern guest that does not want to be just another number through the door. It truly feels like MY Hotel.Mark MontgomeryCEOBrainbow Pictures	
Jan 24 2007	bland	its ok. Just ok. But god at that price Id want more than ok. Bland central. The staff were fine - but I wouldnt go crazy about it. For this price you can stay at the Milestone hotel - and their staff are good.	
Jan 11 2007	ridicilously overpriced	the location of MyHotel Bloomsbury is definately good, but comparing the price and quality it should be hovering above oxford circus to be considered reasonably priced.We stayed at the hotel for a week and overall had no major problems with our stay. the room, a deluxe sized one, was small but decent for London. some setbacks included a squeaky floor, which made loud noices everytime I walked over certain parts of it. the room door had quite a gap underneath it and was poorly sealed, making even small sounds form the hallway hearable inside the room - probably the other way around too. service was ok but not special in any way, breakfast was good. considering the location, it would be a good deal for half the price. recently I stayed at Radisson Sussex, which is located a block or so from selfridges - actually a better location in my opinion. price was almost half of this one, and considering the fact that hotels share even a rather similar style, I very much prefered the Radisson.	
Dec 15 2006	Appalling....but the pigeons love it	One of the worst hotels I have ever had the misfortune to stay in.First of all, my partner and I were allocated a room with a single bed...thats correct, a single bed in a four star hotel in Central London. Naturally we pointed out their error and we were then given a double room, overlooking the street. The room was absolutely tiny, when one of us was getting ready to go out, the other had to lay on the bed, as both if us couldn't stand up at the same time!The worst thing however was the window. The one window in the room which was at head height when you were sitting on the bed (the only place to sit) had approx 3 inches of pigeon crap on the sill, which had endless cigarette ends sticking out of it...it looked like somekind of dirty protesters birthday cake! VileService not good, bar staff outside on street chatting whilst waiting for a drink.Avoid if possible.	
Nov 28 2006 	Awful	Oh dear. This qualifies for my duff hotel of the year so far and I have stayed at dozens of places this year. Things I liked: Plenty of wardrobe space (between the eaves); Bulbous drinking glasses in the bathroom; The bathrobes; Cleanliness was fine.Things I did not like: Hard and uncomfortable seats that are meant to be used with the desks- mine looked as if it had been found in a skip (I did report it to reception but got no sympathy); Claustrophobic attic rooms Extortionate price (£220); Lack of mobility in phone (have to hit my head to answer it); Not being offered a non smoking room; Not being able to see the TV from the bed; Solvent smelling towels; Awful desk to work at with slidey glass topNoise from street (ok its London, forgiven); Paying for the internet with this room price! A bit worn feel about it (bathroom edging missing, holes in some tiles where old hardware had been?)Fuzzy TVSo the price and this particular grotty room made this a disaster that I will not be repeating. Beware!.	
Nov 22 2006 	An Oasis	This hotel was great. Just far enough off the main road to ensure it's quiet. Rooms are chic and tasteful. Their website offers a 'mypreferences' tab which allows you to specify what type of bedding, music and even bottled water you would prefer upon arrival. There's an eclectic array of teas, sleeping masks and slippers. No scrimping on toiletires either, Aveda brands rule here!It was a tranquil oasis in a busy city. I would recommend a stay!	
Sep 5 2006 	good option great location	Great location, close to Soho, Convent Garden and theatres but still calm and quiet.Modern, clean, good brekfast, but small bed for two and needed black out curtains in the room.	
Aug 10 2006 	Terrible Service and more	We stayed at Myhotel Bloomsbury early August 2006, it was the worst hotel experience we've ever had.We stay at many hotels as we travel a great deal for work and pleasure, we have stayed in hotels ranging for 2 star to 5 star luxury and the service at Myhotel in Bloomsbury London was on par with a $50 a night 2 star hotel, actually we've had much better service at the worst 2 star hotel we've visited. We arrived very late checked in, no welcome no help. The bottom lift was broken we were on the top floor so we had to lug our bags up the first and last flight of stairs, one night person took pity on us and rode the lift up with our bags while we walked up the 4 floors as there was no room for us.We upgraded to a superior room as we had 3 adults in our room, we were provided with a tiny room that just fitted a double bed and a desk in it, the they squeezed a tiny $20 fold up bed against a wall. The bed was too small for a adult and it was so uncomfortable (worse than a hammock) that we had to pull the 2 inch thick mattress onto the floor for the first night.We complained the next morning and were greeted with blank looks from the guy behind the desk, he got a manager who was much more helpful and had the bed replaced with a better quality one (still very uncomfortable), which we were pathetically grateful for.We were expecting a choice of pillows, music and bags of toiletries as they advertise, instead we were supplied 1 tiny bar of soap, 1 bottle of shampoo and conditioner for all 3 of us to share, the second night we got no toiletries at all, we called down for some, they never arrived, we called again an hour later and received a bottle of shampoo and conditioner and a shower cap no soap, so we gave up and went out and bought a bar of soap.The next night we asked for some ice, that never came either we didn't bother to ask for anything else as it was clear we weren't going to get anything we asked for.They were renovating the bar and restaurant so we had breakfast in a basement room grey carpet white walls (like our room, no decoration, very similar to a hospital room) with no windows and booming music, there was no hint of Feng Shui or peacefulness.We checked out early on the 3rd day - thank goodness. Lift still broken, no sign of it being fixed any time soon, so we lugged all our bags down the stairs ourselves out to the street as the 2 staff behind the counter looked on with no offers of help, as we lugged the last bag out one guy got off his backside and went over to hold the door we were struggling with, then waited for a tip, which he didn't get.We booked Myhotel last minute, we were booked into another hotel, but came across the Myhotel website and it looked more our style, a friend had stayed there a while back and said he had enjoyed the experience so we stupidly ignored some bad reviews on trip adviser as it looked so lovely on the website and it was at the end of a very long European vacation so we decided to stay at a contemporary relaxing spa hotel for our last few days. The towels were great, the linens were nice, and that was all - the rest of the hotel was terrible, the room was tiny and hot, the air conditioner was broken so every few hours it would start banging and rev up to deafening noise levels, the bathroom was so tiny it was a laughable. All the staff (bar one) may as well been not there, as they just mostly ignored us. We were in a non smoking room (I think the whole hotel was meant to be non smoking), yet every time we came in after it had been made up it smelt of old stale tobacco - it was disgusting.Never again will we ignore reviews, all the other hotels on this trip we stayed in were fantastic, it was a shock and a shame that Myhotel was so bad on all levels.	
Aug 5 2006 	A very decent value for London	London is certainly a difficult place to find a hotel that's not a bloody fortune. Most decent places start at £220 a night, and that still gets you a closet. I always prefer to stay in the Soho-Covent Garden area because I tend to do work there, but when you look at places like the Charlotte Street Hotel, Soho Hotel, and One Aldwych, the prices are staggering. Myhotel in Bloomsbury is close to both Soho and Covent Garden, but a few minutes farther into a fairly quieter area. You can walk to Covent Garden in 10 mins. It's right off a little park, and feels really safe. It's a pretty building next to a nice little pub and Sushi restaurant (attached to the hotel.)The hotel itself is nice, but most rooms are still small. This is London. Ask for something bigger because they do have them in all but the cheapest catagories. But all in all, for prices in the £150 and higher catagory, it's a relative bargain then the others hotels closeby. You'll find a comfortable bed and nice linens, a good breakfast and a small gym which does the job. There is free internet in the library downstairs and wireless in the rooms that you can pay for. I think the rooms are simple and nicely decorated, but there were small stains on the carpets and the couch in my room. Slightly gross, and I wish they would keep up with that stuff better. I noticed this the last couple of times I've been there. So in the end, if you can accept the possibility of a small, clean but soiled room with decent amenities in a central location, you'll be fine with this place. If you want more, pony up some extra pounds and move to a different place. I myself only slept here, so it was fine. I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if possible just for the prices in a crazy market.	
May 12 2006 	Feng-Shui...really?	Myhotel is situated in a side road off Tottenham Court Road above a bar and a Yo Sushi!. I was in a double room with sofa and space to walk around the bed (unlike some reviewers). Sadly it turned out to be two single beds pushed together masquarading as a King-sized bed covered by a rather weird stripy acrylic fur throw. Still the bed(s) was reasonably comfortable as were the square pillows.I suspect the Feng-Shui guys had got a bit bored by the time they reached my room. It was all a bit tired and sad rather than sereen. There were a couple of oriental pieces of furniture, yes, but these sat alongside a pseudo-victorian badly scratched desk and Ikea- style lights and cabinets with wonky handles. The orange/red tilied floor in the bathroom stuck out like, well, an orange/red tiled floor!.Still, the aircon worked, the windows were double glazed to cut down on noise (and they opened too) and there was no noise from neighbours. The reception on the flat screen TV wasn't too bad for a London hotel, either.It was just the finishing touches that were missing - the decor that needed a paint job, an iron that took 2 calls to reception and 11/2 hours to arrive that was all rusty on the bottom, the lift that lurched from floor to floor. Finally, at checkout nobody offered to find me a cab. All a bit Travelodge at 4-star prices (but, hey, there was an orchid in the room!).	
May 5 2006	A relaxing oasis!	We stayed at Myhotel Bloomsbury for our 1st wedding anniversary and had a lovely stay. The hotel is in a great location, a short distance from Oxford Street and tube stations. The hotel is everything you expect from a 4 star plus a bit more. Extras that made it special for us were the free magazines on London in our room, a library with books, magazines, fruit and drinks, and bath robes &amp; extra large towels!! Our room was of a good size, with modern decor. I was impressed by the normal sized hairdryer and Aveda products, whereas my husband liked the magazines and flat screen tv. The air-conditioning was also very welcome due to the unusual hot weather!! The staff were very friendly and eager to please us. I had read that the hotel's mission was to provide a relaxing oasis amongst the busy streets of London, and it certainly does this. The hotel has a nice bar/cafe, small gym and treatment rooms. If it had had a swimming pool and spa, I would have given it 5 stars!! We didn't have any problems with noise within the hotel as we were at the end of the corridor so had no rooms one side of us. I would recommend this location (Rm 219) as less people went past our door than if we were closer to the lift. Due to the great location, it was noisy outside and the windows do not block it out that well. You can always request a room on the side street (Bayley Street) as Tottenham Court Road is always busy and therefore, noisy! There are many sirens and other strange noises throughout the night!! We had paid for a continental breakfast with our stay and this was really nice. One of the healthiest breakfasts I have had in a hotel! There was fruit, bread, eggs, ham, cheese, salmon, croissants, etc. I also loved the facv that there were Innocent smoothies as well as a wide range of other drinks. Overall, we had a fab time and I would recommend the hotel for a leisure stay.	
Mar 10 2006 	Terrible - would not stay again if you paid me	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights whilst in London on business. I would usually stay at Malmaison but unfortunately it was fully booked. As I was staying for a few nights I looked around for an alternative that would be a bit different to the standard and found this one. On paper it looked good. The reality was very different.I was given the smallest hotel room I have ever been in. The room was literally the exact size of 2 single beds which did not make it particularly good to spend any length of time in - nevermind whole days of remote working. There was a generator outside my room which was very loud and during the day the refurbishments happening on my floor contributed to a very noisy and not at all &quot;zen&quot; experience.I found the staff to be rude, and unhelpful when I made a complaint, and despite promising to charge me at a low rate for internet dial-up, presented me with an enormous bill at the end of my stay. I sent a letter of complaint and received an offer of an upgraded room the next time I stay....which will be never. Communal areas are nice, breakfast was good, although staff very slow to clear tables. If you do stay there, don't book a single room.	
Feb 16 2006	Awful Service	Having spent a great weekend at the hotel several months ago, me and my boyfriend booked it again for our anniversary. Unfortunately, we had a very unpleasant experience.Everything was as good as it was before until we finished breakfast when we were presented with a bill for £28! By far the most expensive breakfast I've ever bought...We went to query that with the reception staff who claimed that there was nothing on our confirmation slip that indicated that breakfast was included in the rate. I've stayed in many hotels over the years where I was given breakfast even though it was not stated on the confirmation slip, but the reception staff refused to consider it and argued with me that it's my fault. I felt that it was wrong of them to give us information about the breakfast when we checked in without stating that it's not included, yet once again the staff disagreed with me. I guess that it's at their best interest to not advertise that breakfast involves an extra charge and i still think there were plenty of opportunities to stress that to the guests rather than giving them nasty surprise at the end of their stay.I felt particularly aggrieved as the reception staff were very rude, did not acknowledge my criticism and failed to offer any mitigation or compensation. It's a shame as it left a bad taste in my mouth and ruined my good impression on the hotel. We will not stay there again.	
Nov 22 2005	Perhaps not for more than an overnight stay...	there are some great things and bad things about this hotel. the great things are the location, the public areas - library, (with free internet access) bar and cafe - all great for informal meetings or just a coffee. overall it has a really nice 'feel'the bad things were (in my experience) the rooms. the singles are like being in a shoe box - barely room to get past the bed. I asked to be moved as the first room i was given had a huge generator just outside the window which meant i did not sleep all night. The second room at least had more space.breakfast was overpriced and a little slow/painful on the service front. found a great caff on charlotte street just down the road if you fancy something more substantial!ok - maybe i am not sophisticated enough to understand 'capsule' accomodation but in my book, on a business trip, you need a bit more comfort and a little less scrimping on the room front. Also the feng shui principles to which the hotel claims to adhere surely dont apply to sleeping in a shoebox!	
Nov 7 2005	There's no pleasing some people!	Me and my boyfriend, both Londoners, stayed at the hotel as a special treat for his 30th birthday party and what can I say, it was one of the nicest hotel experiences I've ever had! I cannot believe that there are a few bad reviews here, maybe some people just have impossible standards?The location is very quiet and central, for tourists this one of the best areas to stay. The atmosphere in the hotel was very relaxing and the service was extremely friendly and efficient, I can tell you that's very rare in London. Everything we needed was taken care of immediately.Our room, standard, was lovely and big enough for our needs. Loved the design of the room and especially the bed, very comfortable with nice big pillows and a gorgeous fake fur bed cover. The bath was also very nice - we enjoyed the Aveda products and fluffy bathrobes.We ordered dinner from room service and the food was very good, nice size portions and reasonably priced. The breakfast was also very impressive - fresh ingredients, lots of variety and friendly service. There's also a room called the Library which is fantastic. It has free internet and printing, lots of newspapers and magazines and free refreshments like a coffee machine, bottled water, fruit and pastries.The only slight quip is that one of the reasons why I booked the hotel was because it had a treatment room, but unfortunately they were too expensive for us. Oh well, nothing is completely perfect but Myhotel is as near as it gets.	
Oct 24 2005	My favorite for the money	For the money, this is my favorite hotel in London. I stayed there last weekend for the third time in the past few years and was not disappointed.The rooms are very comfortable, modern, and the beds are heavenly. The rooms are well stocked with nice touches like Aveda amenities, big bathrobes, Tazo teas and Wallpaper magazines. The hotel is just off a main street but quiet, and the location is fab. We had the Energizer package, allowing us each to enjoy a super 30 minute head neck and back massage and full breakfast in the morning. We were contacted by the Spa prior by email to schedule the treatment.The library downstairs is great with free internet access and comfy sofas. didnt get to the gym but it looked clean and sufficient for a light workout.Negatives: There is a sound issue between rooms - I was awoken by some neighbors apparently having a very good time early Sunday morning, and a singing maid at 9:00 am cleaning the room on the other side. Service is good, except for sunday morning breakfast -where there was a dire need for more staff. Only 2 persons to serve the hotel descending at 1030am to catch breakfast before it closed was not sufficient. Food quality however was very good.	
Aug 7 2005	Would definately go back again!	This hotel is situated in a prime location in London, with only a short distance to walk to the nearest tube station. My first impressions of Myhotel were excelled by the really friendly and helpful staff at checkin and any questions I had about the local area and things to see and do were quickly and sufficiently answered. My room was an ideal size and very comfortable. The decor generally of the hotel is impressive and modern. The bar is 'upbeat' and trendy and again, staff are very polite. I really enjoyed the ambience in the bar as it was small and 'cosey'. The small gym and internet access is also a bonus for what seemed like an excellent price for such an attractive City centre hotel. I would definately return to the hotel when visiting London again and would recommend it to friends and family.	
Jun 6 2005	Good Vibes but they need to sort out their rooms.	After reading reviews on this site, I booked myself into Myhotel via a Lastminute rate of £147 per night including breakfast for a double room.I agree with other reviewers in that the location of the hotel is excellent, the service friendly and efficient, the general atmosphere and vibes good, and the breakfast plentiful and varied.In my view however, what lets the hotel down are the rooms themselves. My double room was fairly small but that was not the problem. The problem was that the furniture and furnishings did feel cheap, the bathroom was ordinary, and somehow I doubt that a bed facing a large expanse of blank wall falls within good feng shui principles (I am only mentioning feng shui because apparently it was used in designing the hotel interior). Wear and tear was visible (bedside lamp falling off the wall, damaged double glazing, broken slats on the wooden blind, stains on the carpet). There was tea and coffee making facilities but no minibar or goodies box (bad news for anyone craving a cold drink or snack/chocolate bar at 2am!). Flat screen TV was good but placed in an awkward position (on the side wall, so that when lying in bed I had to twist my body completely to watch it). Wireless broadband worked fine, but only half-way through the registration process did you actually find out the prices (£10 for one hour's use during a 24-hour period - other choices also available).On the plus side, the floor was quiet and there was a peaceful quality to the atmosphere. What was provided was fine (Aveda toiletries, bathrobes, free Guardian/Observer paper, Tazo tea).Bottom line: would I stay there again? Definitely not at that price. I MIGHT try out Myhotel Chelsea next time I am in London, but it won't come at the top of my &quot;to-try&quot; list.	
Jun 2 2005	Great Hotel !	Stayed at MyHotel over the Bank Holiday and had a wonderful time. Hotel is very hip and cutting edge with hi tek gym and library kitted out with free internet PC's. Rooms are not huge but have sony cd/radio's and plasma's and beds are huge. Breakfast is extensive and can be served in room whcih was included in our rate. Thet are opening a hotel in Brighton that we hope to stay in when finished.	
Apr 18 2005	Excellent Location Fantastic staff Shame about the price	The low figure I have put here is perhaps a little unfair but read the review and hopefully you'll see the problem.Firstly the location. This is excellent, especially if you like a bit of retail therapy. It's just off of Tottenham Court Road, about 100 yards from the Tube and the Dominion Theatre. For those that don't know, Tottenham Court road is the &quot;gadget&quot; and &quot;technology&quot; centre of London. If you want the latest hi-tech kit at the lowest prices this is tha place to be. It's also only 100 yards from Oxford Street, which everyone has heard of.Despite it's proximity the hotel is surprisingly quiet (despite other reviews) for a London Hotel. The road directly outside is a one-way street and is pretty minor so you get relatively little traffic. The biggest problem with noise I found came from inside the hotel. I don't know if we were over some kind of sevice elevator or something (we were quite some way from the standard lifts) but from about 10pm until about 1am there were some VERY loud thumps and mechanical sounds that were very anoying. This is part of the reason for the low mark. As it was our anniversary they kindly upgraded us to a superior room. Well, I'd hate to see a standard room. You must bear in mind that the decor of this hotel is minimalist chique. To me that just means they don't want to spend money on furniture. Not reallt my taste. The bathroom was on par with the cheapest hotels I have ever stayed in, although the towels were enormous and they did supply bath robes. The room was also very small (although extremely high) and to me the furniture looked cheap. It had a nice LCD TV but not all of the channels worked and the picture was poor. There was also a nice stereo and tea and coffee making facilites but that was about it. We had a fantastic view of the fire escape and air conditioning unit on the building opposite, which was a bit disapointing for a &quot;superior&quot; room. The windows from the building opposite also looked right down onto or bed which was a bit off-putting but then this is London. On the positive side, the bed was very comfy.Now onto a couple of more good points. The staff and the food. The staff were VERY friendly and VERY helpful. To give you an example; we asked for directions to a concert venue called the &quot;mean fiddler&quot;. The guy on reception looked it up on the internet for us and then drew on a map showing us how to get there. We were about 50 yards from the hotel when I was tapped on the shoulder by the receptionist who said he'd found a more detailed map and pointed us to exactly where the building was. That certainly deserves praise.In the morning we had breakfast (included in our deal) and I can honestly say it was the best full-english I have ever had. Being English and 38 years old you can imagine that I have had a few but their's was exceptional. I can only guess they use very high quality produce. Again the service at breakfast was excellent.I was shocked, however, when I left to see the &quot;standard&quot; rate for the room we had. It was close to £400 !! We paid about £130 which, considering it was central London was only marginally over-priced.To sum up:Excellent LocationFantastic StaffGood foodMassively Overpriced if you pay the full rateDon't expect anything more than an average room. Good for business accomodation, not so good for a romantic break.Can get a bit noisey at night (not traffic noise).Would I stay there again. To be honest, probably not....I just don't think I am &quot;hip&quot; enough.	
Apr 2 2005 	Excellent value at Easter rates	I took advantage of the low Easter rates here and hence found this excellent value for money. Stayed in a standard double which was small but fine for one person. The bed was very comfortable and the room had a flat screen TV, tea making facilities, bottled water &amp; small desk. There was no inroom safe. The bathroom was fine with bathrobe &amp; excellent Aveda products. I asked for a room away from Tottenham Court road, a very busy road, to limit the traffic noise. The room service menu has a good selection of dishes and there is a trendy bar &amp; a Yo Sushi downstairs. You can also take advantage of the library downstairs to relax, surf the web or stock up on supplies of bottled water, tea/coffee and energy bars. There is a small gym with cardoiovascular machines &amp; free weights. The service is excellent. The staff are very friendly and natural. The location is very central &amp; good if you want to be near Oxford St shopping and the theatre district. I would definitely return here if I could get a £99 rate again.	
Mar 18 2005	Loved the energy and it's hip	Justed arrived from australia after 24 hours of travelling... on entering the hotel, I sensed a great calm.... The energy was great! My room was excellent.. It seemed renovated... Had a huge plazma TV screen on the wall and wirless connection for my laptop... Anyway, ask for room 404 when you book with them. This is a great hotel!	
Mar 17 2005 	Finally a hotel that really cares about you!	From visiting the well laid out website to making the booking to telling them what my preferences are to turning up to find my room prepared just as I had requested it - it was all seemless! What a great experience. Without overdoing it, the staff quietly anticipated my every need. The only reason not to come back on my next stay in London would be to check out if myhotel Chelsea also would live up to my now very high expectations of myhotels.	
Mar 17 2005	Outstanding hotel !!!	Top drawer hotel - best I have stayed in London and came highly recommended by friends who are complete devotees.I stayed for 2 nights and had a great time. The hotel is very funky and is excellent value for money. Drinking in the bar next to Natalie Imbruglia no less (Beth from neighbours) and surrounded by the beautiful people. Everyone is very friendly as well - no attitude or arrogance, which makes a change in trendy gaffs like this. When you next visit London make a point of visiting!	
Mar 17 2005	Recommended to friends	Very comfortable with great service.Beautiful hotel with very friendly staff.	
Nov 16 2004	Myhotel still worthy of a visit	Stayed on 15th November 2004, paid 186 sterling B+B and this is the first time back here in 2004. Stayed lots here between 2000-2003 and it's still as good as ever. It's a small hotel and if you are staying alone do not book a single room as they are miniscule. Always stay in a double and try and get breakfast included (try lastminute). If not do as I've previously done and grab some fruit and water and coffee from the library before going to meetings. The sevice is the same now as in 2000, although not the best, the staff do try and help and the atmosphere of the place is more relaxed than other big London hotels, feels more like a home. The rooms overlooking the street may be noisy, but they have the best WiFi reception which is a must when travelling........nothing wakes me after a few beers even if they are pricey.........at least it means the clientele are right. The new LCD TV's in each room are good too. My favourite bits then....the relaxing basement Library area with free drinks and the comfy beds........ One of my top 5 favourite hotels in London and I've stayed in hundreds.....will be coming back....if it's not fullly booked and the price is less than 200.	
Oct 31 2004	how much would double glazing cost ?	the hotel is well designed and the staff were exceptionally helpful.... but it's right next to one of the busiest roads in london and the windows (at least in my room) were old fashioned wooden 'dual' windows, which only just kept the noise at acceptable levels. i only stayed one night and that would be enoughplus, hilarously, the wifi connection in my room worked fine... if i sat right next to the room's door.... move 2 metres away and the signal is lost	
Oct 24 2004	Myhotel tries but fails	This is a nice hotel, but overpriced for its creature comforts. The single room provided was smaller than any dorm room you might find. Environment is modern sterile, though they claim fung shiu influence. You get a flat screen tv, desk and no closet. Don't toss in the bed or you are on the floor. Bath has a tub, fine toiletries. They charge an extra 14 pounds for breakfast that should be included in the room cost. They also charge for phone. Drink at the bar is 7.50 pound minimum. Hotel has library with free internet, coffee and snacks and minimal fitness center in the basement. Eat the snacks for breakfast rather than pay at the restaurant. I was not impressed.	
Jul 26 2004 	Disappointing despite effort	I travel to London several times a year, often trying out a new hotel each time. Great location and very helpful staff aside, the hotel was disappointing. The walls of my top floor room were paper thin (avoid rooms with adjoining doors)and amenities were battered (bath towels had frayed ends, bathrobe had a hole in it). Ventilation in the bathroom is nonexistent, so be prepared for steaming up your room.Design and lighting is clean, beds and other furnishings are comfortable, and there is plenty of closet/cupboard space.Hotel bar/restaurant was not bad, as was room service. However, overall experience and efficiency of the staff is lacking (had to explain ingredients for a mimosa three times to a waitperson; received a call inquiring if I had seen another guest's missing laundry, etc.) The lobby is tiny and often bustling, so this is not the place to quietly sneak in and out of - especially when the elevator is extremely slow.	
Jun 30 2004	Thoroughly enjoy staying at My Hotel	We found all the staff exceptionally helpful &amp; friendly. They are clearlythe hotel's greatest asset! We were made to feel welcome in what has becomeour 'home from home'	
May 25 2004	honeymoon in London	We spend our honeymoon in London. My Hotel Bloomsbury was a pretty hotel near the important sightseeing and shopping areas. There are nice restrooms, gym and a library with internet access. Our room was big enough and very comfortable. We loved the private athmosphere. Next time in London we will stay in the same place. 	
May 21 2004	Made our honeymoon special	We received a warm welcome and a lovely room was allocated! The hotel location is great for shopping and for being at the heart of things.....	
May 15 2004 	Oye! Not where you want to stay	I went with an open mind to this Hotel, having stayed at Various &quot;W&quot; hotels, and loving them. I took a chance. The positive aspects of this hotel for me was the location. Very near the trendy Charlotte Street, where I spent my evenings. My friends stayed at the Charlotte Street Hotel- where if you have the $$- you SHOULD stay there. The My Hotel had 2 very friendly and helpful people on staff out of like 20. Most didn't understand English. My room was SO small that I could not do my Pilates/Yoga mat work. literaly, my mat was too big for the floor. I tried to have an open mind. They do use Aveda products. But the room size was a serious hassle. For $300 a night US. Not even close to worth it. No one could help with the &quot;Wi-Fi&quot; hook up with the lap top, so if you need to be on line, come Wi-Fi savy. Sad really, because the location was great. 	
May 11 2004	Disappointing	I was very disappointed with this Hotel, This was to be a treat for my daughter who had been seriously ill in hospital for four months, and a break for the family.On arrival the hotel looked very nice, but no smiles from the reception desk Im afraid. We were quickly booked in and given our rooms which had been pre-booked for us by the Starlight Foundation which grant seriously ill children a 'wish'. I went to the hotel with my three daughters, and two of them were given a room one floor below us room 311, and my other daughter and I were given 402. Not much of a weekend break when you have to go between floors in order to arrange outings with each other.On the first evening I told the reception that our bathroom window did not close properly and the bathroom was very cold, we were told that someone would tend to this, but on return from our evening out to dinner nothing had been done about it, and nobody got back to tell us if they had even tried to close it. The following evening at around 8pm my daughters recieved a call from the reception asking if someone could come up to the room and change the bedding as it had to be done daily before 9pm, we had been out all day and my daughters had not realised that the 'do not disturb' sign had been left on the door, so the bedding could not be changed, we were at this time all trying to get ready for an evening out which resulted in everyone moaning at each other......stress free I dont think so. Im sure the bedding could have waited one more day. Oh and one more thing....make sure you have plenty of cash or your credit card if you want to drink in the bar, I know it was a four star hotel but prices were very high.Nine pounds ninety four pence to be exact for one Whisky and Diet Coke, &amp; A glass of Diet Coke.Sorry but this Hotel wasnt what we expected But London was great!!!	
May 11 2004	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at MyHotel last year and found it be one of the best standard of hotels throughout Europe.The rooms are desgined for ulitmate comfort and fairly well priced for this prime location.All of all though the thing that stands out the most is the guest service provided. Everyone from the housekeeping staff through to front desk staff looked after are every need.Would I recommend this hotel to people whitout a doubt.	
May 6 2004	Was treated like a princess!!!		
Apr 2 2004	Hip 		
Mar 7 2004	Great bar and lounge bit noisy and very small rooms		
Dec 8 2003	C'est Magnifique!		
Dec 4 2003	Loved Myhotel Bloomsbury		
Nov 19 2003	The "W" of London		
Nov 4 2003	home is where the heart is. i lost it at the bloomsbury.		
Jul 14 2003	trendy bloomsbury trendy myhotel		
Feb 17 2003	Lame		
Dec 6 2002	Not worth the money		
Dec 6 2002	Bof bof		
Nov 26 2009 	in zona si trova di meglio...		
Oct 14 2009 	Zentrale Lage gutes Frühstück effizientes Personal		
Aug 27 2009 	Muy bien situado y acogedor hotel		
Jun 11 2009 	Super séjour		
