	It's the staff that make it excellent	Just off Leicester square, but surprisingly quiet this is a functional Radisson, with well equipped rooms and feels very new. I was given a first class welcome at Reception and that level of service continued through my one night stay. At breakfast (which is costly but worth it) it was a real pleasure to be served by staff who seemed to be enoying their work, but were also professional. Simple things like saying &quot;May I take your plate away&quot; make a big difference. Definitely not a budget option, but worth it for the location.	
Nov 17 2009 	Calm Personified	We had a wonderful stay at the Leicester Square Hotel. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel welcomed, and were guided through registration and up to our beautiful room. The room was an oasis of calm, designed tomake you feel relaxed ut comfortable, and it did. Breakfast was relaxed and the quality of the food was excellent. No one person made the stay a pleasure, everyone did. You were made to feel that nthing was too much trouble, you were what counted most - the sign of a good hotel. We'll be back!	
Nov 17 2009 	Great central location small but stylish room but business oriented	Great location for shows and art galleries. Theatres, museums, Covent Garden within easy walking distance. Our room was quite expensive and very small (as expected in the centre of the city). The room was generally clean (some fittings seemed to have been missed in the recent refurbishment) and generally stylishly furnished but surprisingly fitted out &quot;business-style&quot; and for only one person (despite it being booked as a double and my additional note that we were 2 on the booking). Housekeeping did eventually bring a second towel, cup etc but when I made morning tea there was only 1 teabag. Seems a shame for a 5 star hotel to scrimp in this way on such a low cost but useful item.	
Nov 12 2009 	They are really very helpful	My stay at the Radission Edwardian Leicester Square Hotel was a very pleasant and enjoyable stay.The Staff is very helpful and willing to answer any question I may have.	
Oct 28 2009 	Fantastic location!	Lovely hotel. The location is perfect, right in the middle of everything but not too noisy! It is quite expensive to stay here but for a special occasion it's worth it. The room was stylish and clean and we looked forward to going back to it after our evening on the town.The only gripe would be the breakfast which we considered too expensive, but there are plenty of other places within walking distance to eat so we just did that!Definitely recommended for a special occasion.	
Oct 28 2009 	Terrible terrible hotel - horrible service and room was not clean.	This hotel is terrible. The size of the room was fine, but it was not clean when I checked in -at 8:00 pm, a note left for me at the front desk for an event that evening was not delivered, and the restaurant service was appalling. I was the only guest and could not get a cold glass of water. During check-out the hotel added a 50 p surcharge for one of its charities. The charity may be very worthwhile, however, I had never heard of it and I give to my own charities. It's nice that the Radisson is donating, if its is, but I do not ask it to donate to my charities. I also asked for a late check out since I had not arrived until 8 pm and it was not even considered. I was told the hotel had 'become very strict and the clerk could not allow me to stay past the posted check-out time - even though it was not full. Finally, when I mentioned the room had not been cleaned - the waste basket in the bathroom was full - very disgusting - no one seemed to care and no one came to empty it. just a terrible, terrible hotel	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent!!!	This hotel was in prime location!!! near everything but down a quiet side street so we got a good nights sleep.the room was a little small but there's so much to do in London who wants to spend time in their room???!!!!!Will definately stay again!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	excellent location!	this hotel has excellent location. My room was very big, you could see the ticket office. the breakfest is perfect but it is not cheap, 20 pounds.	
Oct 12 2009 	Expensive (over 150GBP/night) but an excellent location for sightseeing	Located in the South East corner of Leicester Square this is a brilliant location for sightseeing. I'm tempted to rate it as only average overall because it is quite expensive but it is a location that is very hard to top - and for me, this alone pushes it up to &quot;Very Good&quot;. Walking distance to Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, St James Park, China Town, Soho, Covent Garden, galleries, theatres, cinemas, buses, tubes, etc and surrounded by good restaurants this is a top location. However, when I am charged this much for a room I think that WiFi should be complimentary - the best things about this hotel are outside it, everything inside is overpriced.	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location.	Hotel is quite nice. Rooms are as compact as expected in a London hotel, but very clean and comfortable. The location on Leicester Square can't be beat. Breakfast is expensive, but there are so many places around, such as Pret, Starbucks and other, independents, that there's really no reason to spend the money unless you want to. Friendly, accommodating staff.	
Oct 8 2009 	What a great location for theatre!	My mom and I traveled to London on a fantastic trip. We were so lucky to have found this great hotel. It is right by all of the great shows that we had tickets to. It is close to the half-price theater tickets booth and really is close to everything. The staff was so helpful and cheerful. I can't say enough good things about this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Quiet amidst bustle	NIce hotel - right next to leicester square so yo ucan have a littel oasis yet still be close to everything. Issues: No real desk or desk chair - difficult for business.They charge very large amounts for local and tol free calls - yet this is not visibly noted at the telephone - you have to hunt for the information.	
Oct 8 2009 	The only place to stay in London!	The best advantage of this hotel is the location-it is situated on Leicester Square-it is in walking distance to so many attractions-2/3mins walk from the tube. The hotel staff were so friendly and extremely helpful. The breakfast was out of this world-amazing-the best omelette ever!!The room was clean, comfortable and a good size. I would not stay anywhere else if going to London.	
Oct 5 2009 	It's the little things unfortunately.....	We booked for £180 per night for 2 nights with an infant and were shown to a pokey room with no bath. I insisted that we have a bath and the concierge obliged. It took them 45 min to find a replacement room and then a further 15 min to check us into the room. By this stage I was furious - holding a small baby for an hour while waiting to check in is simply unacceptable. (The concierge blamed an earlier bomb scare on Leicester Square for the delays)But it was the small things that ruined my stay. In no particular order, these included:1. No robes or slippers in the room2. Fan no working in the bathroom (steamy and stinky)3. No newspapers dropped off in the morning (even though I was asked for my preference once checking in)4. We kept on being phoned by reception - have your trays been cleared - has your room been cleaned etc5. The TV was trying to sell adult channels. Push any button and pleasures of the flesh were for sale. It was a bit too obvious and seedy for this hotel.6. Muffins were soggy on the breakfast platter7. The ketchup on the tables was in the sachets8. The jam on the tables were 3 of the same kind.9. The salt grinder on our table was broken10. Our bill was wrong and we were overchargedIt really does go on and on. If you are still reading - the receptionist's English was so broken that she struggled to give me directions.Great location for sure, but more care needs to be taken.	
Sep 29 2009 	Small and beautiful	We stayed here for a single night towards the end of September, chosen for it's location close to Trafalgar Square to allow one of us to participate in an event there.The hotel is well located to the side of Leicester Square down a small side road which makes it not only convenient but also quiet. Like almost all hotels in London, the rooms are small, but not so much that it is inconvenient.The furnishing is of a high standard, as to be expected from its rating, and the hours we did spend asleep (split due to event attendance) were comfortable and trouble free - the rear facing room lacking anything that could normally be considered a view but quieter than some countryside hotels!The staff were welcoming, accommodating, polite, cheerful and helpful at al time - even when we needed to come and go at awkward hours.The only downside is that next time I stay in a hotel it is likely to be another budget-range chain motel, which I will be mentally comparing with the luxury of the Radisson Edwardian Leicester Square!	
Sep 26 2009 	enjoyable stay	Booked 2 rooms for one night - wifes birthday .Very nice rooms with great views towards Parliament and London Eye.Brilliant location in Leicester Sq close to theatres and night life of Sohe and Covent garden.Staff also very helpful and pleasant.Definitely stay again soon.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great place for a romantic weekend	Central hotel for sightseeing and for visiting the theate; we did both. Check in was pretty smooth, the hotel seemed kind of dark, though fine once you got used to it. We had a view over Leicester Square which would have been even better in Winter as views blocked by leaves! Drinks in the bar were usual hotel type prices, but cocktails expertly mixed and service good. We ate out for both dinner and breakfast - no breakfast unless you eat everything in sight is worth £21! However we did eat the best potato wedges at midnight from room service - naughty but nice. There was a mini bar in the room but didn't touch it - had plenty while out and in the bar. We were minutes from the theatre for Jersey Boys which we really enjoyed.After breakfast in a local cafe next morning (£5.95 for full english) we left our luggage at the hotel and did all the tourist stuff which made a great change for us (we live just an hour away but never do that kind of stuff).	
Sep 18 2009 	Excellent hotel for a theatre break...	We stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Leicester Square for one night (10th September). The room was very clean and comfortable with full climate control which worked perfectly. The bathroom was nicely fitted and the turndown service is always lovely to come back to after a show. We had a full English breakfast which was superb.The reception staff were friendly and helpful too. Overall excellent.	
Sep 18 2009 	very satisfactory experience	Overall a very good experience in a good location within easy walking distance of both our work venue and all major attractions.It is a bit of a bother that the taxi does not get you right to the front door (when you have a number of pieces of luggage) but its only a short walk and the concierge staff are outstanding.Try to avoid premium check-in and out times as the foyer is a bit cramped when a number of people are all trying to check in at the same time - but I have to be really picky to have that as the only real issue.The rooms are a good size and the wireless internet connection great.All in all very good and would certainly stay there again	
Sep 9 2009 	Fab Hotel Fab Location.	First stay at his hotel and would definitely stay here again. Amazing location off Leicester Square, this is central to everything. This hotel has quite a small, boutique feel to it but had everything we needed including an amazing breakfast which was the best hotel breakfast i've had in a long time. Service was great and all the staff very polite. 5 stars from me!	
Sep 8 2009 	Not as good as last time...	Having stayed here before and really liked the hotel I decided to book it again. Sadly this time I felt let down and my stay wasn't as enjoyable as last time.The last time I stayed the room felt clean and almost spotless but this time there was lots of dust in the room (I suffer from asthma so it caused me some trouble) and it seemed that the carpet hadn't been vacuumed as there were crumbs on the floor. The bed linen didn't fit the bed properly and the duvet kept coming out of the duvet cover. The duvet looked filthy and had quite a few stains on it.The staff were pleasant again but I was given the wrong travel information by the woman working on the front desk which made me change my plans for the day.Again I'd ask the hotel to get better windows as the noise level from outside the hotel coupled with the shoddy windows makes it sound like the drunk people outside are actually inside your room!	
Sep 6 2009 	5 * hotel with 6 * service!!	1st stay at the leicester square hotel, we couln't have got more central to the theatre land.This hotel feels more like a family hotel as the staff really want your stay to be perfect, the atmosphere is very relaxed and the facilities are spot on.if anyone wants a great hotel that they would recommend to their friends then THIS IS THE HOTEL to stay in!! I must say i have stayed in some very expensive hotels and this hotel is no match for the others by far. Please dont take my word for this, try it yourself and im sure you will be writing the same details as me.	
Sep 5 2009 	Excellent Location bad hotel	I have never been in a 4 stars hotel with such small rooms. There was not mini bar, the furniture, except the B&amp;O TV was horrible. The room was dusty. There is just a small elevator, that is full with just 3 people. Some people in reception (during the night) was rude. The views was over a small courtyard. Our room was in the 5 floor, and there was light, but the first floors has to be dungeons.	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	I booked this hotel as part of a birthday treat for my husband, a break away with a trip to the Theatre. The hotel although in Leicester Square is just down a side lane, and although we stayed on a Friday night and I was expecting it to be quite noisy at night, inside the hotel we heard nothing.We were greeted by 2 very nice receptionists who made us feel very welcome, and gave us directions to the Theatre for that evening. we stayed in room 705 (the suite). A lot of the comments on here about room size say that the rooms are quite small. If you have the extra money to upgrade to a Suite - do it as this room is beautiful. You walk in to a very nice and comfortable longe area, have a separate WC, and then an open plan bathroom/bedroom with huge wardrobes. The room in my opinion was well worth the extra money for a special occasion.We had dinner in the restaurant that evening and found the service and food to be excellent, and very good value for money. There was a very comprehensive menu with plenty of choice for all tastes.Location wise - it was only a 5 minute walk to Her Majestys Theatre, and all the main attractions very close by. We took a taxi the next morning (which the concierge very kindly went out into the square to get one for us - now thats service) to the London Eye which was only £7.00 fare. Regent St etc was only a 8-10 minute walk.We did not have breakfast so canot comment on this.All in all if we were ever to go to London again to stay I would 100% stay at The Radisson Leicester Square again and highly recommend it to anyone who wants comfort, cleanliness, secure surroundings, excellent food &amp; service.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent	Hotel staff very helpful. Room very modern and clean. Excellent restaurant - could not ask for more. Both my husband and I were more than impressed.	
Aug 20 2009 	Location Excellent	My daughter and I had booked a twin room for two nights but were asked on arrival if we would mind having two double rooms next to each other. No, we didn't mind at all! The rooms were light and airy, with air conditioning and modern cream decor. The shower room was lovely and very spacious. No bath for those who like a bath. The included breakfast was also really good. Unfortunately we did not get to sample the dinner menu so cannot comment. The staff were helpful and friendly. In fact I cannot fault the hotel and we enjoyed our stay here. However possibly the best thing about this hotel is the location, bang on Leicester Square. It is not far from the tube and an easy walk to many attractions, shops, Covent Garden and the theatres. It was ideal for our visit to The Prince of Wales Theatre nearby. Of course there is a bit of noise at night, especially Saturday night but it did not really cause me a problem, though my daughter found it a bit disturbing. In all it was a pleasant experience staying here and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 17 2009 	Beautiful Bijou Hotel	I booked this hotel for a friend and I to visit London and a show. The receptionist was very friendly and even though we arrived early allowed us to store our cases so we could go and explore. The room was bijou but perfect! The location is excellent, just of Leicester square, so a little quieter but central enough to explore. The best part of the hotel was breakfast! The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was delicious! I could have stayed there all day!	
Aug 16 2009 	Faultless	Stayed over one night after West End theatre visit, this hotel is excellent in every way, could not fault it.Only 5 minutes walk to most theatres.	
Aug 12 2009 	Centrally Located	If you are looking for a hotel in the middle of all of the tourist attractions, you have found your place. This hotel is tucked behind a Ben &amp; Jerry's adjacent to Leicester Square. There are numerous bars, pubs, clubs, restaurants and theaters all within a short walk. You are also only a ten minute walk from Regent street with lots of great shopping.The hotel itself is simple and sparsely decorated. The front desk people were helpful, however, I would not recommend the breakfast for 9 pounds. Its not worth it. The room was not terribly small compared to other European hotels, and the ambiance was lovely. The one complain I had about the room was that it did not have a bath tub. It was also so close to the square that you tended to hear a lot of traffic noises. There was also construction that was going on during the day which was very loud and annoying. Overall the rooms were comfortable, and the location was ideal so as long as you do not mind noise and a lack of a bathtub, you should be just fine.	
Aug 4 2009 	Fantastic locality good food	Great location, a little tricky to find, but it is beside the Radission Edwardian Hampshire which actually faces Leicester Square! The names are confusing, but the Leicester Square hotel is down the right side of the Hampshire, as you face it!Anyway, it is a small hotel with modern decor. Staff seemed to be on the short side, most seemed to come over from the Hamphire, so that you need to wait sometimes at reception. Very pleasant and efficient receptionist. Superior room was small and we would not have wanted to stay for a week in it - my husband pointed out that it would not be great for a business person, either. However, two or three days would be fine. Lovely bed, reasonable decor (if a little dark for the size of room) great bathroom with walk in shower and everything that you would need in a bathroom.We ate in the restaurant in which service was good and friendly and the food was delicious and not overly priced for a central London hotel.Checkout was fine and the porter/concierge very helpfully went to get a taxi for us.All in all we will definitely use the hotel again due to its location, food and service - one thing to mention that from time to time there was an odour in the hallway that seemed to be urine- like. It wasn't in the rooms and was only there intermittently and it is the sort of smell that you find in many places around London. It was not enough to put us off going again.	
Jul 30 2009 	Bijou hotel in central London	This is a sibling of the well know Radisson Edwardian, Hampshire close by and situated in St Martins Street, just off Leicester Square.As London hotels go it is small enough to be personal as well as very conveniently positioned, right next to Leicester Square itself yet in a very quiet lane. Our room was a bit small but well appointed and deserved the title of &quot;superior&quot; with comfortable bed, and good bathroom facilities. Staff were helpful, welcoming and pleasant. We ate our evening meal in the restaurant, which was a revelation - well priced (for London) with imaginative menu. The starters and fish dishes we ordered were excellent and deserving of any good, medium priced independent restaurant. Breakfast again covered all the bases.Having tried so many hotels in central London with varing success in the past, it's encouraging to find something that really ticks all the boxes. We have decided to make it our regular haunt from now on - I just hope it keeps its standard up.	
Jul 30 2009	Friendlyprofessional staff ensure a lovely city break for all	This is a small but smart,discreet and thoroughly lovely hottel to stay in.The staff are helpful and curteous without being intrusive.My room was modern and comfortable.If I had only 2s, minor quibble please consider putting a small shelf in the walk in shower as there is no where to keep your sponges etc.. and moving in and out of the cubicle with wet feet is a bit dangerous.Please also make the text on the tv work for the hard of hearingOverall with this minor exception I would heartily recommend this hotel for singles,couples and business travellers alike.The restaurant is small but modern and relaxed and the food is good.I would have no hesitation in staying here again .Most attractions are also within walking distance so cutting down on expensive travel bills.The manager should be proud of his hotel and staff (but please put a shelf in the shower)	
Jul 29 2009 	funny they do not have a wardrobe	Perfect location, small hotel, that is something that I like...Ten steps from Leicester Square, fifty for Trafalgar Square... You are in middle of everything. Good breakfast, helpful personnel.This thing with the wardrobe in bathroom open area is not so good.	
Jul 27 2009 	Relaxing welcoming staff excellent rooms	my husband and I have just returned from a weekend break in this hotel, The hotel is located idealy for getting to various attraction being in Leicester Sq then just minutes from Picadilly Circus, China Town and Trafalgar Sq. There are plenty of bars and restaurants in leicester sq and it is so easy to travel in any direction to get to many other places of interest. Regents St is walkable and the signs are clear to point you in right direction. We initially couldn't find the hotel but once we phoned them we were given clear directions as we had walked from Euston (approx 40 mins) We then walked to all attractions Big Ben, Southbank, Covent Garden, Regent St, Oxford st, knightsbridge, Theatr Land, Buckingham Palace, St James Park, Hyde park etc etc, all these are walkable if you have got a good pair of shoes on and don't mind the walk sometimes 40 mins or more but we felt this was the best way to see all the sights properly. The first night we had a meal in the hotel, which was lovely and it was very quiet in there not too hustle and bustle. We had full english breakfast on both mornings which was gorgeous and plentiful so much so we didn't need lunch! The room was a little on small side we were on 4th floor but was lovely and clean and had everything we wanted but a larger room would have been nice ( I think each room varies in size, as we were right at end of corridor believe this is one of smaller ones). The staff were pleasant and One of the reception staff in particular was lovely not sure of his name (sorry) think it was Akeem! Tall gentleman very nice manner nothing too much trouble.He made our stay more special thanks.. Overall lovely stay brilliant breakfast if we come again think would ask for a bigger room.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good central London Stay	Hotel has nice rooms, and good service. The Restaurant and Bar is a great place to relax and catch up with email at the end of the day. The location is very close to the Tube, and right on Leicester Square, a busy tourist place. If you like busy crowded areas (I do), this place is great for that. Room 122 has a bad smell in it - but 222 and 223 are large remodeled rooms which are very nice.	
Jul 20 2009	A wonderful place	As I was going to the theatre with my 80 year old friend the location of the hotel was very important, The leicester Square Hotel suited our needs down to the ground. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and they offered us an upgraid free of charge , giving us a wonderful queen bedded room. Breakfast was one of the best I have had in a hotel for a long time . I would recomend this hotel to anyone .	
Jul 15 2009 	Excellent hotel in ideal location	Great hotel - very understated and elegant. Staff were excellent - I arrived early on a hot humid day in need of a shower and change of clothes. Although my room was not ready they immediately provided an alternative choice (that happened to be an upgrade) at no extra cost. The restaurant was very good too -especially the fish. Brilliant location just off leicester square.	
Jul 12 2009 	A beautiful contemporary hotel	The hotel's location is next to Leicester Square...a very lively area of London. We happened to be in the Square, along with thousands of people, for a visit from Harry Potter and some cast members for the opening of his new movie. The hotel has a very contemporary and elegant feel and the rooms are very smartly and simply decorated...a contemporary theme throughout. Granite and marble bathrooms with up-to-date European fixtures lend to its elegance. Service and staff are superior. We also had breakfast and dinner at the hotel, and again, elegance and good quality food prevails. A fitness center is also available.	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent	My wife and I stayed at this Hotel for our 40th wedding anniversary and had a thoroughly enjoyable stay. The staff were extremely friendly, attentive and courteous and couldn't do enough for us.The location of the Hotel is great for anyone who, like us, are on a site seeing/theatre break as it is situated about 10 steps from Leicester Square.However,although it is situated so close to this busy location, our room, which was on the 6th floor and overlooked the front was very quiet.I would not hesitate to recommend this Hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	a simply amazing hotel right in the heart of leicester square...perfect!	My husband surprised me with four nights in central London. When I got to the hotel, it was absolutely amazing, it was right on leicester sqaure...perfect. The hotel looked great, very modern compared to other Radisson's I had stayed at. The staff were great, sp polite and friendly. The room was fantastic, very spacious and most importantly spotless...I was impressed. We had a few drinks in the bar which was lovely, the bar and bar staff were great. We also went to the sister hotel the Radisson Hampshire right next door for lunch and cocktails. We started the day with the hotel gym every morning, which was fab...they had clean towels, a water fountain, fruit in the gym aswell as great equipment. We ordered room service one night and it was delicious and arrived quickly. The staff at the Reception desk were so accomodating, organising taxis' and making dinner reservations for us. I couldn't have asked for anything more. It was the best stay in London I have had. We already booked our stays for August and October. I don't think I'd ever stay in another hotel when staying in central London again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel with very helpful friendly staff	Its a wonderful hotel in a great location, central to everything. We really enjoyed our stay, the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. The facilities were great, the bar and restaurant were lovely and the terrace bar was particularly enjoyable. Our room was spacious and comfortable and the room service was excellent.	
Jun 16 2009 	Best Service we have EVER received from front desk and concierge staff	We stayed at this property from June 9-14th. We booked on-line directly with Radisson's 1-800 number and saved a wee bit by pre-paying. The downside is that we could not change our dates, and if cancelled, our money would not be refunded. However, as our air was booked and we knew it was a definite go...this was a good option for us. Just to warn you....I am long winded:).....We paid more here than any other property we have stayed at in the past, including .other London stays. We had a King superor room at 160.00 pounds per evening...roughly $300.00 Canadian per evening. We took an over-night flight with the very UNFRIENDLY Air Canada.. We arrived at the airport and went swiftly to the luggage area...luggage received we got through customs very quickly. Very efficiently actually.We met with our car hire service driver (pre-arranged with Simply Airports...thanks to info gained over the London forum here on trip advisor....over the internet a week prior).Our driver was wonderful. He informed us of different sights as we entered the city. He did have a problem finding our Hotel initially. The property is situated on a side-street, just steps from ...literally...Leicester Square. It looks on to the side of its sister hotel Radisson Hampshire.Arriving at just before noon, the hotel did not have a room ready . They told us it would take approx. 1.5 hours until the room was ready. On the website it does tell you that check in is 2pm...maybe even 3pm. They did offer to store our luggage without us first asking and pointed the way to a restroom so that I could freshen up. Antincipating this, we had brought a change of clothing and toothbrushes etc with us. We toured about London for approx 1.5 hours and came back to the Hotel...our room was ready!Just to note...there are many places in Leicester Square to purchase theatre tickets...the main one being a tourist information stop right at the square...we however ended up getting cheaper tickets by checking with little tny store/vendors along the streets leading from the square and got much better deals. Just make sure you walk away with a ticket and check the ticket. We saw two shows...great value.Our bags had been brought up to the room The elevator (lift:)) was very small as people say...but just fine for us. This is a boutique style hotel with very sparse, but beautiful. contemporary furnishings.Our room was 602. We had one chair...space to put our luggage on the floor against the wall...a very nice king bed on a platform, two wee side tables, flat screen TV mounted on the wall, a wee desk in the corner and a window that opened just enough so that we could stick our heads out to see Leicester Square. It is a tiny room and the carpet needs cleaning, but the room itself was just fine for us. We would have liked to have a place to sit and have breakfast...but we liked the bedding and design of the room, that it made up for that.  We were lucky enough to get a bigger bath then some. We had a full tub, and raised bowel sink and plenty of shelf space to put our things. There was closet space within the bathroom with 3 drawers. We had a iron and board, a safe and tea making things:). There is a hair blower located inside the first drawer...Powerful enough to dry my longish thick hair. The mirrors are quite dark in the bathroom, so bring a wee make-up mirror with you. The towels are white and luxurious. There is a body/shampoo combination that we used for body only ......made my hair pretty frizzy...so used my own:) There was a nice conditioner as well. ..By the sink was a little sewing kit, shower cap, and mounted soap and skin cream...not for face, but great for over all body.The door that seperated the bedrom area was glazed, but private enough.There are two extra pillows on top of the cupboard. We asked for extra hangers for hanging clothing and two housecoats. Both were brought to us. There is a room service offered....extremely expensive...we did not partake...because of this, and no where to sit and eat:)There are two phones in the room, one with alarm clock. We used wake-up service and alarm...just in case:)There is a tiny switch by the main light switches that indicates if you want your room made up. Red means no and green....yes. I didn't realize this the first day and left the red on....The housekeeper asked my husband if we had meant this...and we were shown were the switch was. Our housekeeper was very friendly and good at what she did. We left her a tip the last day. Beds were comfy to sleep on...pillows hard, but fine. You can control the air conditioning/warmth of room very easilyA little noisy the first night...not from outside the square...just the person in the hallway...doors are heavy and slam shut...they kept going to and from their room and woke me up several times.We had nothing but good service from the concierge and front desk. I do forget names...but wanted to thank the two we/I remember. Hashim who gave us wonderful overall advice, from the tube strike and how to get around, where &quot;not&quot; to eat....should have asked him sooner lol....he was always smiling helped us pick out a great restaurant ...extremely personal service, even checking out...he always went out of his way for us.... Maria...very professional as well. Again...always smiling...extremely friendly.there were three other persons on the desk while we were there, and each one of them was so friendly...hailing cabs...even walking good distances to get one...great senses of humour etc.This was very important to us. I don't know why every hotel does not realize that the first point of entry really leaves an impression on their guests. Beacause of this and the unbelievably great placement of the hotel...we would pay the extra money and stay again. Breakfast was had here. The cocktails were just too expensive. We received a coupon upon checking in. We paid 9pounds (quite a lot in Cdn standards....$18.00) for a continental breakfast, for one use. You receive toast, coffee, juices, breads/pasteries, cereals, a small selection of cheeses and some cold meats and fish. There are several small pubs within a minute or two for about 5 pounds for a full english breakfast. We did enjoy sitting in our hotel restaurant though...very pretty...As most pubs in London close at 10om....we had hardly any options after the theatre as to having a cocktail. We did have drinks at the sister property twice, but it is very expesive. It does have a nice lounge to sit and look out over Leicester Square...so this helped:)Places we dined at that we liked.....Giovanni's ...Italian..nothing to look at but incredible service and good food...place where stars (while in town) dine at...was recommended by our hotel. We also dinned in Paddington area at a Turkish restaurant called TAS for lunch..we ordered tapas...really good. Very handy to the British Museum. We also liked the Mexican restaurnt in Leicester Square called Chiquitos...food was pretty good...fun place to sit and eat and look over the square...very casual.We did NOT like Bella Italia...it is a chain Italian restaurant. We did not realize this. When we told our concierge he smiled and gave us Giovanni's restaurnat name:)We liked a few spots in around Covent Garden...pretty pub called McMullen's...but meals were just ok in around here. Nice area to sit and watch tourists like us though. We found the Leicester Square area perfect up until the late evening...becomes a teen hang-out..with clubs hopping. There are signs warning tourists that. &quot;this is a high crime area.&quot;..we tried to take a picture of the sign...We spoke to the police and they told us if anyone approaches us and goes to hug us...and say s &quot;I have'nt seen you for a long time&quot; to check for our wallets! The police had a strog pressence here and Picadilly at night. The police were extemely helpful and friendly. Another teen hand-out at night on two nghts we were there, was Trafalgar square. Late at night...not a good idea...teens drinking and doing drugs that we saw by the National Gallery.Now ...all of these places are quite wonderful by day...just be careful at night...Shopping very handy to this hotel as well. Found it clausterphobic on Saturda.. though...weekday...much better. To all Canadians...there is a pub called the Maple Leaf...we watched the Stanley Cup here and had a blast!!! Wonderful and friendly. ....food just ok... near Covent Garden area...walkable distance as most things are here.We used the one free computer on the lower level several times to email home. There is a small gym besdie it. We did not use it, but it is pretty well equiped.That is about it...sorry to be so long windedEnjoy your stay here:)	
Jun 12 2009 	Prefect Location	Stayed here for 3 nights for Britney and Beyonce Concerts. We booked a Superior Room which couldnt have been a little big bigger but was fine for what we needed it for. Had a king size bed, flat screen tv and a wardrobe. There was no where to sit in the room other then the bed. Bathroom was nice with a double walk in shower, had no bath though.The location is perfect. Took us a while to find the hotel as its hidden in a little street. If you get the tube to Leicester Square station (Picadilly Line). If you walk straight from the tube station into Leicester Square and find the Odean West End (There is a few Odeon's in the Square) and the Ben &amp; Jerrys Cafe and inbetween them is St Martins Street and the hotel is just there. It's beside the Hampshire hotel. Your in easy walking distance of the tube, west end theatres, trafalgar square, picadilly circus, embankment pier (where you catch the river boat) and all the shops including regent street and oxford street.Didnt use the hotel facilities so cannot comment on them.Staff were very friendly and helpful especially when the tube was on strike they helped us find alternative transport.Id watch when booking as the price you see if not what you pay. They add on vat when you get there so we ended up paying an extra £90 when we left.The tube from Heathrow Terminal 5 to Leicester Square is about 30mins / 45mins and costs about £3 / £4. By taxi is about 45mins / 60mins and will cost you about £60. The river boat from Embankment Pier to London 02 Arena is about 60mins and will cost £5pp each way. The tube from Green Park to North Greenwich (02 Arena) is about 30mins and will cost you no more than £4 i think. Id advise getting a pay as you go Osyter Card which you put money on to get tickets for tubes, trains, buses etc but not the river taxi. You just swipe it at the barriers which saves you queing for a ticket. You can get refunded what you dont use at the end of your stay. You can get an Oyster Card and the airport or tube stations and will cost you £3 but is alot cheaper then paying for individual tickets.Overall this hotel is in perfect location for anything you plan to do in london.	
Jun 11 2009 	It was a wonderful place to stay in the heart of London	Our room was wonderful. This hotel is terrific and a bargain for everything we got. It was quiet, clean and the hotel staff were exceptionally nice and helpful. The location of this hotel is perfect for anyone traveling from the airport or for anyone wanting to be in the heart of London with easy access to the underground. We could get ANYWHERE we wanted within minutes. It is less than a block away from the underground,, with many restaurants withing walking distance and even a Starbucks nearby. The included breakfast was wonderful.and made staying here such a bargain. I wish we could have stayed longer to enjoy more of the amenities the hotel had to offer. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and hope to come back and stay there again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great location in the centre of London!	Very friendly staff. The room was decorated in a modern way and was very clean. Television is good quality and it is great to have wi-fi access. We liked the fact that it is quiet at night, you don't here any noise (except for the door closing in the hallway when people pass). Being so central is great for visiting London, you can easily access the hotel. That was our main reason for choosing this hotel and we would do so again. It's a little expensive but well worth the money!	
Jun 4 2009 	Perfect location for a city break; suit all ages.	The location is perfect for accessing all areas of the city. The staff could not have been more friendly or helpful and made my stay very enjoyable.	
Jun 2 2009 	Can't fault this hotel!	We stayed here for 4 nights in May to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. The hotel is in a fantastic location, on Leicester Square, all the restaurants, bars etc on your doorstep. Yet just on a side street and I never heard a single noise at night. It would be easy to get confused with the Radisson Hampshire - that hotel faces right on to Leicester Square itself. If you are looking at the Hampshire face on, turn to your right and you will see a Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream place on the corner. The Radisson Leicester Square is just on that side street, you can't miss it. Our room was on the 3rd floor and pretty much outside the lift - I was concerned we'd be bothered with passing noise. Again, I never heard a thing! We slept very well for the entire 4 nights. The room itself was a good size for a London hotel and very nice decorated. We had plenty of hanging space as well as drawers. Plenty of plugs was also a bonus - we usually have to decide between plugging in hair straighteners and phone chargers. Not here though, plug sockets everywhere! It was also good to be able to open the windows for fresh air and as the room had air conditioning, it was very comfortable temperature wise. The bathroom wasn't huge, just a shower, no bath, but well laid out, nicely fitted out, great shower with overhead rain shower and handheld attachment. The only suggestion I could make is maybe having a shelf in the shower area, as if you are using your own products you have to keep bending down to pick them up off the floor. They did have a good selection of Gilchrist &amp; Soames toiletries, using the pump dispensers rather than wasteful individually wrapped items. We didn't have breakfast here so cannot comment. There are plenty of places within a stones throw serving good breakfast at better prices. The staff were very friendly and helpful, helping us get a taxi on our evening out. We decided to book this hotel as a special occasion, but if coming back to London, this hotel would be the first place I'd try to book. Location, quality of accommodation, helpfulness of the staff, I'd like to come back here.	
May 29 2009 	Wonderful friendly staff made us feel welcome.	The hotel is so convenient for theatres and shops and restaurants. Just a few minutes walk from Regent Street, Haymarket and Covent Garden. The staff are great, very helpful and welcoming. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant. The food was excellent as was the service. The restaurant itself was very comfortable and had a nice atmosphere. The prices were quite reasonable for London.	
May 18 2009 	Nice location cosy rooms	Stayed for 3 nights in Nov 2008. Terrific location, behind National Gallery. Rooms quite cosy, but really small even for a single traveller. Bathroom was spacious and clean, a big plus. I would highly recommend this hotel for its central location. But shop around -- for its steep price, this place is best for short stays only.	
May 9 2009 	Quality in every respect well worth a visit.	Having searched extensively for a hotel in or around Leicester Square (to be handy for 'theatre land') Radisson Edwardian came up with good reviews and was well priced (for a London hotel). The reviews proved to be true. We recieved a warm welcome and found the room to be lovely, a very reasonable size and nicely kitted out, as was the bathroom. I nipped out soon after arrival and on my return was welcomed by name and asked if all was well, it was, but I mentioned that I wasn't quite sure where the theatre was that we'd be visiting in that evening, immediately a map was produced and directions given, all very helpful! A good nights sleep was had as the hotel is just off the main square, and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast was also excellent, a wide choice and service was prompt and efficient. As a result I would certainly recommend a stay at this hotel, the only tiny point is that there is no fridge/mini bar in the room so remember to take your own water/cold drink etc, kettle and tea/coffee/ironing board/iron/hair dryer are all there though. We stayed for my partners birthday and the hotel decor etc and quality of the rooms were of a high enough standard to make the hotel feel more than special enough for the occasion.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Location	The hotel is in perfect location near all the bars, cafes, cinemas, clubs, art galleries, Covent Garden, Chinatown and restaurants. The hotel is small. I liked the fact that all the corridors have carpets in them, so we didn’t hear any noise from other guests. There is only 1 very small lift for guests which was out of service for 2 days during our stay, so if you do not like using the stairs I suggest that you ask for a lower floor just in case it breaks down. The standard rooms are very small with small closet, typical for London, but because of the location we were outside most of the time and this did not bother us at all. The bathroom was very nice. Our room did not have a mini bar in it. The furnishing was very nice, neat and new. We booked the 1st 3 nights directly from the hotel and the last 3 nights through expedia, doing so we saved about %20 total and got breakfast included in the last 3 days of our stay. The 1st time we had breakfast, it was amazing. Excellent English breakfast and excellent quality choice of fruits and yogurts. However, the 2nd and 3rd time we had breakfast it was overcooked, extremely dry and unpleasant. Even though the lovely waitress changed the cooked breakfast for us, we still got the same dry rubbery eggs and sausage as before. I guess the main chef has a break on the weekend.We would give the hotel a 4+ stars and would highly recommend it.	
Apr 26 2009 	Decent hotel at a fair price in an excellent location.	My wife and I stayed here from April 23 - 25, 2009. We were looking for a quiet hotel in a good location. The room we had was quiet and the location is excellent, within walking distance of theatreland, the shops, Whitehall and the National Gallery. The stand-out features of our stay were the quality of service and friendliness of the staff, both of which could not be faulted. The shower is the only potential downside for the elderly traveller like us, being of the very modern, walk-in variey with marble, and slippery, floor. Perhaps some sort of mat could be made available for those with precarious balance.Would we stay again? Yes, we would!!	
Apr 23 2009 	great hotel breakfast to die for	great hotel nice staff very helpfull breakfast to die for well done ime impressed	
Apr 20 2009 	One night in Leicester Square!	I was met by incontinent staff who spend hours trying to process my details. The Hotel Receptionist Insisted that in the charge of £149 for one night that my breakfast was included. The Room was nicely furnished nonetheless but with alien hairs on the bedspread which were a nice welcome treat. A broken television remote and poor amount of channels were also included in the fixed penalty. After I had eaten my seventeen pound breakfast which wouldnt have looked out of place on a plate in wetherspoons I was then told by the staff that there had be a mistake and breakfast had not been included in my original charge!	
Apr 16 2009 	Amazing	Excellent service, comfortable room, brilliant location!!!	
Apr 7 2009 	Radisson Leicester Sq Perfect central and chic in every sense	Both myself and my wife stayed here last weekend. The 3rd to the 5th of April. Our main purpose was to see a show on the Saturday night. This hotel is really a little gem. Not as big as the other Radisson right next door( the Radisson Edwardian Hapshire Hotel) to which I was mistaken myself in thinking from researching it on the internet that they are the same hotel. They are not. however this one is beautiful in its own way. Its very chic and contemporary and the staff cant do enough for you. A particular mention has to go to the reception, specifically one of the guys who altough I cant remember his name recommended several really nice places to eat out in and gave us directions to the key attractions. After all 2 and a half days is never enough in London , especially when you are in the very center of everything while staying at this hotel. So you sort of heve to prioritise seeing things. The breakfast is very good. As another review has already rightly said, you can have a healthy brakfast with lots to choose from or you can go for the Full english fry up which is also very very good. If its shopping you would also like to do, Oxford street is about 15 minute leisurely walk up through Soho, Covent Garden(a Must see) and Regent Street are 5 min walk away and Picadilly Circus is right around the corner. All the major theatres are within 5 mins, trafalger Sq in th the other side of the block. Saying that this hotel is so peacefull and quiet being in the middle of a very busy city. Would definetly recommend to anyone going to a show or wanting to be near all the attractions. The rooms arent huge but are a nice size and dont feel cramped.	
Apr 3 2009 	Wow now this was grand	I thought this hotel was typically British and even had that stiff upper lip atmosphere to it - but that added to my enjoyment of this establishment. Bang in the center of Leceister Square where all the movie premieres are held I thought this was a wonderful choice. I was on business, but after the meetings, I felt like a tourist....and would love to stay here again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Like being home	We celebrated New Year in London. The Radisson is perfectly situated in walking distance from most cultural and shopping activities you can imagine.The rooms was spacy, modern and the king size bed was comfortable. The B&amp;O TV kept us in contact with the outside world.Service was just Thumbs up. We had forgotten our hairthings. One call and the serviceteam ran out and purchased what we needed.Breakfast was increadible with focus on health if you so wished.We will certainly be back.	
Mar 21 2009	Luxurious lovely 	We have nothing bad to say about this hotel. It is well worth every penny. Stay here. You will not be disappointed. From the rooms to the staff to the location, everything exceeded expectations by miles and miles.	
Mar 12 2009 	Fantastic location and service - recommended	We stayed here on Sunday night (08th March) for my husbands 40th birthday. Fantastic location. Just off Leicester Square, so within walking distance to all the west end has to offer. It was also very quiet at night which was a real suprise considering you are in the heart of all the action. We booked a superior double and found the room to be spacious and very chic. I would describe this as a very classy boutique hotel. The staff were wonderful, so friendly at check-in with particular mention to Maria on reception. I wish more organisations employed lovely,friendly people like her! We would definitely stay there again and hope to go back soon.	
Mar 8 2009 	The hotel was fantastic the staff were superb all in all a wonderful time	The hotel was fantastic the staff were superb all in all a wonderful time, right on Leicester square fantastic location for central London	
Feb 26 2009 	London Baby!! The Radisson Leicester Square Rocks!	Stayed at this hotel for three nights on a trip to London with family to take in a show and see the sights. The location of this hotel can't be beaten - it is practically on Leicester Square and the whole of theatreland is within walking distance, as is Trafalgar Square (5 mins), Downing St (15 mins), the London Eye (30 mins). The half price tickets booth on Leicester Square is right on your doorstep. We had booked tickets to one show in advance but couldn't resist temptation to buy half price tickets for two more shows! Very convenient.The hotel itself was spottlessly clean. The bedrooms aren't huge as you would expect in London but perfectly functional and well decorated, with a quite luxurious feel. The decor is bright and modern and all necessary mod cons are provided.The only gripe about the hotel is the breakfast price, £17 for full english - not including tea/coffee which is an extra £3! Not to worry though, there are plenty of places around and about to eat. We frequented Garfunkels for their extensive breakfast menu each morning - just around the corner via Leicester Square, on the way to Trafalgar Sq. We bought Original Bus Tour tickets from the nice man on Trafalgar Sq and used that to get about for the next couple of days.Didn't eat in the hotel or use the bar - it is not a very big bar area. Guests are however able to use the hotel bar at the Hampshire - literally across the road from the Leicester Square hotel. The bar tariff is pricey though!If we go back to London to do more theatre shows we will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Perfect Place to Stay in London!	We stayed for the second time in a few months having held our work Christmas do there in December, my wife and I went back for a long weeken. The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful and the hotel is very clean, new and even the food is excellent (very rare in a city hotel!).Now wouldn't stay anywhere else in London!	
Feb 18 2009 	Nice room shame about the windows	We stayed once again for my husbands birthday, we had a double premier room, which was spacious and clean. However, the view left a lot to be desired, looking straight out over the back yard and facing a brick wall, but we closed the blinds and forgot it. The room seemed very cold and bearing in mind it was winter and very cold outside we decided to turn the heating up, but no matter how we tried all we got was cold air con. I asked reception if someone could look at it and they said someone would come shortly. In the meantime I discovered why the bathroom was freezing, there was a small window just outside of the bathroom door, and in our seating area. The wind was howling through this window, as although double glazed it was in fact broken at the hinges, and had come away from the frame. About 45 minutes later a maintenance man arrived, messed about with the heating and said he had fixed and and would be back to check in a short while, I pointed the window out to him and he said there was nothing wrong with that. His english was not very good. After another long wait he came back and said that the heating was now working. After he'd gone I had to push rolled up paper into the gap around the window, and it took a lot of paper. Appart from that we had a nice time, but at the prices they charge we will not be going back again. I did expect a warm rooom not one that was blowing an artic gale, and also for the price a better view. Also hanging around for the maintenance man lost us a valuable few hours sightseeing. If you go in the winter, take warm clothes just in case.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Location	Stayed at this hotel last week (27th to 29th Jan 09) with my wife and have to say that it was great. Room is spacious with ample cupboard space and bathroom very well set out. The room was very well kept , modern with plasma tv , no external noise and extremely clean througout. Step out of this hotel and you have a wide variety of restaurants, night clubs, cinemas, theatres.Oxford Street is within walking distance.Staff very friendly and helpful from moment we arrived. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	Excellent!	Incredible location. We spent six nights here, and it was just great. Very professional and helpful staff. Sparkling clean rooms with extra-comfortable beds (our stay was divided, so we had two different rooms). The only little thing I'd mention is that the doors to the rooms slam loudly and can be heard (and sometimes felt) quite clearly .Turn left out the front door for Leicester Square and the theaters. Turn right and the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square and the London Eye are there. Easy walks to wherever we wanted to go. Buy an Oyster Card for tube use - costs 3GBP, plus the amount you want to put on it for travel. Add money when you need to. When you leave, turn it in and you get back your 3GBP plus whatever amount remains on the card!	
Jan 9 2009 	Liked the Radisson Edwardian very much	We stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Leicester Square overnight to go to a film premiere at the Odeon Leicester Square. The location could not have been better - it was literally a 2 minute walk across the square to the cinema. The hotel is not actually easy to find unless you know its location. Just look for the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire which is in Leicester Square and the Radisson Edwardian Leicester Square is almost next door - actually on St Martin Street. A bit confusing! The hotel was bright, modern and absolutely spotless, although quite small. The lift is very small and needs your room key to operate it - a bit unusual but probably a good security point. Check in was quick, efficient and friendly. Our room was compact (but not as small as some I have stayed in) but modern and well organised. The bed was a bit hard (I usually say that!). The bathroom was lovely - small, but modern and sparkling clean with nice soaps and bits and pieces and a walk in shower (no bath). We were a bit disappointed that there was no bar to sit in and have a drink after the film, but there are plenty round about. We paid about 190 pounds for a superior double room including breakfast. Breakfast was excellent - plentiful, lots of choice and the English breakfast beautifully cooked and presented. The restaurant itself was very comfortable and service was good. The hotel maybe lacked one or two facilites because of its size, but I would very happily stay again if I wanted to be in that location and would be happy to recommend it.	
Oct 15 2008 	Radisson Edwardian in Leicester Square-great!	Excellent location - could not get any better!Room was also great (although check in not allowed before 2.00p.m.). Bathroom a little on the compact size, but nothing to complain about.Service was beyond what we expected - nothing could improve on how we were treated by the staff. Did not have breakfast at the hotel though - a little pricey at £21.00!Highly recommended - a lovely haven of tranquility in a bustling Leicester Square!	
Sep 27 2008 	rooms and bathroom small	stayed here in July. Rooms very small and bathrooms tiny. Resturant was empty most nights and TV didnt work despite repeated requests for assistance to fix it.	
Sep 26 2008	Perfect location wonderful staff weird ventilation system	Perfect location for where I needed to be (midway between Leicester Square/Covent Garden) and a really nice staff. (when the promised printing service at the business center was non-existent the staff gave me his yahoo email address so I could send documents, he printed and delivered to me under the door at 1am!; one went blocks and blocks away to grab a cab). The rooms are small but perfectly serviceable. It's not a place you want to spend a lot of time in (one small window) but well-priced, free wi-fi, everything you really need for a quick trip.The only weird thing was the ventilation system. The first morning I was there I woke to smell bacon/eggs like they were in the room. The next morning I smelled some kind of perfume/cologne (not a bad smell but odd), and then I smelled cigarette smoke. Clearly an issue.	
Sep 18 2008 	British at its best	Expensive but in a prime central location. I stayed here for a family weekend and it was perfect for our purpose we had tickets for the westend and generally wanted to do the tourist thing.Although the atmosphere lacked a little the staff were pleasent and helpful.	
Sep 7 2008 	Brilliant Birthday Treat	We stayed here for one night only during which we spent little time in the room.However the room was spacious and elegant. The bed is very soft and comfortable and the bathroom was also reasonably sized.I have been to bigger and better hotels in different cities but I felt this hotel was just perfect.The receptionist was polite and spoke good English. The breakfast was ok but not worth the extra money (ours was included). The lift is very small and slow, so it is normally easier to walk up the stairs. The hotel is located right behind Leicester Square, perfect for Tourists. The only downside was the main door of our room (307) didn't quite reach the flooring and left a gap. This allowed all noise outside right in. The doors are also very heavy and cannot be closed quietly. However there was only 1 other couple on our floor, so we were lucky.Overall a good hotel.	
Aug 27 2008 	Fab Location!	We loved this hotel, perfect location and really contemporary which we love. The room was very plush although the glass door to the bathroom was a little disconcerting even though it was frosted but you could still see a silhouette so if you're in a new relationship you may not want to go to the toilet while you're there! :o)We chose to have our breakfast which was included in the price in our room and it was lovely. Would absolutely stay here again, in fact we can't wait to!	
Aug 26 2008	overall fantastic	As a Travel agent im always looking for good customer service and quality hotels, well The Radisson Edwardian Leicester square lived up to its superbreak overview it was fab!I booked the hotel through a package theatre break with superbreak.we arrived at the hotel about 11am in the morning concierge carried our bags! felt abit silly! knowing we couldnt check in until around 2/3pm. they let us check in at 11am our room was ready which was fab, lovely front of house staff tending to our every need, telling us about facilities of hotel and area.we had room 104 on the first floor the room WOW! cream leather padded walls bang olufsen plasma on the wall power shower square tiled sink and floors, the room was a work of art! very modern. not massive but big enough for what you would expect from a London hotel. brillant air con. Breakfast wow! loads of juices cereals nuts apricots fruit laid out for you to pick yourself. full english was included in our package which came as you ordred it! a posh full english! enough though, they brought you as much toast as you wanted posh jams tea coffee etc! location was prob the best in London right in the heart of leicester square but not noisy at all! the radisson hampshire is next door and is facing leicester square the edwardian is situated on the side street next to the big cinema which is prob a better location than the hamshire, right outside the hotel is the stars handprints of slyvester stallone etc! its brill! you can walk 1 min away is trafalgar square 10 min walk is buckinham palace, The London Eye and theatreland. I really recommend this hotel, its well worth the money and def a 4*.p.s we went to see The Lion king and it waas great.Lauren Thomsons Travel	
Jun 30 2008 	Worth the money	Firstly lets get the rating out of the way; is it worth its four star rating - yes (IMHO)Stayed here in late June for my wedding anniversary, booked directly with the hotel. Very efficient booking service - got email confirmation within 10 minutes, and was also able to view the booking on their website.On arrival at the hotel we were both warmly greeted by the concierge and the lady atthe check in desk. Check in quick and efficient. Room was not not ready but we were early (midday) We were offered help getting our luggage from the car, but as we only had one bag I declined. The car park is only about 200 metres away; as car parks go, it's quite nice - well lit with generous spaces. £35 for 24 hours - expensive but that's London for you.After seeing our Matinee show we returned to the hotel; room keys issued we proceeded to floor 7 (top) to find that the key card didn't work. I returned to reception where the lady was most apologetic, and re-coded the keys. Back up and guess what - same again - still didn't work! Back down again to reception. This time they took no chances and sent for both the housekeeper and the maintenance guy with me! This time key was ok, and we entered our room.OK, so the room wasn't massive - bit it wasn't small either. Huge queensize bed with plenty of room all the way round. One pale leather wall, the rest light greyish paint. Great Bang &amp; Olufson flat screen TV on the wall, all channels working. Beautiful bathroom, black marble (effect) tiles walk in shower which was fantastic.So there you have it. Booked a standard room, got a standard room, thouroughly recommend it.Location is great for all things; Theatres, National Gallery, shopping, Covent Garden, restaurants, etc.Staff were VERY polite and friendly - could not fault one of them.Can't comment on the food as we ate out. However, the hotel restaurant looked great, and the prices reasonable. Breakfast looked expensive at £17 - so we found somewhere else nearby for a more price sensible option. Not the cheapest hotel, but we wanted something a little bit more luxurious - and in my opinion - we got just that.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Modern Hotel	We had a great stay at this hotel. The location is very good and proximate to many London sights. The room and especially the shower was awesome. The place was recently renovated and is very nice and current. The free internet access was a great feature as well. We will definitely stay here again.	
May 28 2008 	Lovely Chic Boutique-style Hotel	Arrived late and first went to the neighboring Radisson Edwardian Hotel, There was no sign of Leicester Square Hotel on my booking. That said, I think it was an upgrade. I liked the sleek design and the very friendly desk person who checked me in, The room was lovely but small. Very smartly decorated and comfortable. It was quiet, which was surprising for such a busy location. The location is perfect for walking to many interesting sights and museums. I was there for work but enjoyed my short walk to my office. It was a good experience in a nice, clean, modern hotel with friendly staff, I will stay there again.	
May 9 2008 	Good location some good rooms but incompetent booking system	When we arrived the receptionist kept us waiting for almost half an hour saying there was some financial discrepancy on our voucher from Superbreaks for which we had prepaid a 3 day stay. Eventually he gave us a room and told us we would have to phone the booking agency - despite their number being printed on the voucher. When I called the helpline they quickly made it clear that the hotel was completely in the wrong and that they should have phoned themselves. We were also given the worst room in the hotel (they admitted afterwards) with no window). The next day we were moved to a very pleasant room - comfortable with nice view and modern, stylish fittings. Enjoying the central location and excellent breakfasts we relxed until checkout when another recptionsis suddenly came up with the idea that we had only been entitled to &quot;express breakfasts&quot; andwould have to pay for those we had had. Apart from no such thing being offered or being on the menu it was again absolutely clear on the voucher that the purchase was for &quot;full breakfast&quot;. We left with a bad feeling.Until this establishment sorts out its incompetent booking/finance system I would not recommend it, despite its other advantages.	
Apr 24 2008	Lovely Old Fashioned Hotel and Fab Location	Had booked to stay in the neighbouring Raddison Hotel and was upgraded to the 5 start one (well they were obviousally overbooked and we were moved but not complaining). Lovely room and it had some little personal touches to it. Right on Leicster Square which was a bonus. Breakfast was fine, not a huge choice but adequate. Staff were friendly and smiled which is always a bonus. Would stay here again.	
Mar 26 2008 	Location is king	Stayed for one night in January in connection to a business meeting. The room was very small, but in a modern design, including a very nice bathroom. The hotel - including the room - is clean and the restaurant connected to the hotel is Nice. The helpful staff at the reception adviced us (and booked) on a fantastic upscale Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. The hotel is nothing fanzy and not for claustrophibics, but the location right beside Leicester Square is fantastic.	
Mar 23 2008 	well positioned but small rooms	we stayed for three nights as part of an aniversary visit to london.the first room offered although well presented was small. we paid for an upgarde the window looked out onto the fire escape so do not expect much of a view.. the staff were all freindly and helpfull but the making up of the rooms was very slow. the bar closes at 10pm but you can make use of the facilities in the Hampshire next door.this is really a business mans hotel its a bit over priced for what it offers but if you want good clean rooms plus a very good breakfast in the center of london then rhis could be the hotel for you.	
Feb 10 2008 	Very clean but very small and overpriced	Good points:Great location,Clean and very friendly professional staff.Bad points:WAY overpriced,.Stayed in a king deluxe room on the third floor which was just tiny.The same could be said for the bathroom.No Bathrobes,No minibar and to top it all had only one chair in the room so either me or my wife had to sit on the bed.Would i go back to this hotel.Hell no have been to far better in london and just sort of felt we have been properly ripped off with the whole DELUXE room title.When our sunday morning came we was out the room by 10am due to feeling very clostraphobic.Big tip for a great romantic meal is the Brumus restaurant just off of the strand.Mega quality food and service,Cheers guys.	
Jan 3 2008 	Excellent Location	Very good hotel in a brilliant location. If you are looking to be near Theatreland, shops, Soho, Covent Garden and Trafalgar Square/Galleries then this Hotel is the perfect location.Rooms - Very good, not as big as you might hope for but has everything you could need. We stayed in a deluxe room and upgraded whilst we were there on New Years Eve to the one and only suite, which was well worth it. Lovely room split in two by a state of the art bath room with a huge bath, two great TV's.Staff on the whole very pleasant, Reception staff very attentive.Would definitely go back to this hotel. Highly recommend it even just for the location!	
Dec 20 2007 	Fantastic Location	The best location in London. It is right off of Leicester Square, perfect for Theatreland (with the official half price ticket booth right out the front door) and Trafalgar Square one block away (could spit on the back of the National Gallery, that's how close). The hotel and rooms are sleek and ultra-modern - I actually liked the odd green/purple/white color scheme. Our room was TINY. Basically only a bed could fit in the room, so there was no desk or chair. Not good if travelling for business (nowhere to work). The bathroom, however, was suprisingly spacious (almost as big as the room itself) and very well appointed. Ask for a top floor room - from our window you could see the top of the Nelson Monument, the Eye and Big Ben (if you craned your neck). Skipped breakfast at the hotel and just ate at one of the many &quot;Pret a Manger&quot; locations near the hotel (relatively cheap, decent food). All in all very pleased with the hotel, albeit at a discounted rate (you're really paying for the location).	
Nov 8 2007 	Looked good but never so it!	I have booked this hotel with Expedia for business. I choosed it because of the perfect location and modern rooms (I hate old style english hotels). I got there at 8 pm, tired and hungry. At the beginnig the lady at teh reception made some good acting but at the end she admitted that they did overbooking and sold my room. I was sent to Radisson Edwardian close to Tothenam road: of course it is a old style victiorian hotel with old forniture, old bathroom and old guests. I will never book a Radisson Edwardian again.	
Oct 16 2007 	Was the Pastoria now the Leicester Square Hotel	Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions when it was the Radisson Edwardian Pastoria. Following a complete refurbishment two months ago it has been re-named the Leicester Square Hotel.The whole place has been refurbed to a very high standard in a very contemporary/minimalistic way. I think this contemporary look is becoming a bit ubiquitous and dull in hotels nowadays. The previous Pastoria (and Hampshire) had a luxurious oriental feel about them which seems to have been lost somewhere.The new look is a bit sanatary and the expanse of white marble in the reception area reminded me of some sort of pathology lab. The rooms are well appointed if not small and the decor and soft furnishings are very modern in look. The bathrooms are to a very high standard. The Bang and Olufsen TV is far too complicated to operate. The location of the hotel for visitors to London cannot be beaten - right in the thick of it! Everywhere is within easy walking distance to all the major sights and shopping.-Ve's - breakfast was disappointing for the £16.00 paid. Bacon was fatty and sausages were pathetic cocktail efforts not proper English 'snorkers', although the breakfast area was very pleasant (used as the bar in the evenings) Fan in bathroom couldn't be turned off (constant drone all night).+Ve's - very high standard of decor throughout. Staff were unusually polite, helpful and professional [Chris on Reception in particular]. I speak from experience when I say that hotel staff in London are usually surly, unfriendly and indifferent - so it was a refreshing change to deal with people who were genuinely pleased to see you.The crystal french Baccarat lampshades in the rooms are a very nice touch.	
Oct 14 2007	OK place	Spent a night at the hotel in October 2007. The room was on the small side and overlooked lots of scaffolding! The front desk staff were friendly but very slow and check out was a nightmare. The trainee was left in charge and the training was either in the early stages or was yet to happen. On the plus side the room was OK , the location brilliant for theatreland, the bed huge and comfy and the breakfast service in the restaurant was excellent. Actually, I kinda liked this place and would return.	
Sep 25 2007	Beware which Radisson you are booking into	we booked the Radisson Leicester Square via the website but beware - there are two seperate hotels in Leciester Square, the Edwardian and the Hampshire. From the website pics we were under the impression we were booking a deluxe in the bigger Hampshire, when in fact we booked the Edwardian. the room in the Edwardian was very disappointing given the nightly rate we were being charged. it could only be described as standard and had an air conditioning unit outside the window which droned constantly. The duty manager couldn't seem to care less about our comments either. So beware if you are looking to book this hotel.	
Sep 9 2007 	Under construction...	I stayed at the newer of the two Radissons at Leicester Square for three nights on business. First, the positive: Location! Right smack in the middle of Theatreland, it can't be beat. But that was about it. I had the pleasure of visiting London for three warm days and nights, and the airconditioning was not working. Opening the window was out of the question, as Leicester Square is bustling with activity 24/7. I assume this is because the hotel has recently been refurbished, but a business hotel at 250 pounds a night really need cool rooms. The staff seemed a bit rusty as well. I asked for a fan to be put in my room, which I was told would be fixed. I never saw a fan. On my second day, my room was not cleaned. I asked for it before I went out for a quick shopping, and it was still not fixed when I came back an hour later. Granted, the room had been cleaned when I came back to my room after dinner. The cleaning itself was not good either. I left the ironing board in my room out the first morning, and it was never put back in the closet. And the breakfast, at 16 pounds, really should have been better. Dry croissants and a very slim selections of fruit would suggest a lot better value at the Ben &amp; Jerry's around the corner. So until the rebuilding and retraining of this hotel is verified, I would definitely suggest staying elsewhere.	
Sep 4 2007 	Last Minute Deal	The location of the hotel is great - being on one of the corners of Leicester Square. The room we had (standard double) was a very good size, clean and tidy with a good view over Leicester Square.We expected it to be noisy in our room, but it was very quiet. The staff were excellent on reception and very helpful. They were especially helpful today in giving us directions to get across London whilst the tube strike was on.The only negative point was the room got very hot in the night as the air conditioning did not seem to be working very well. Other than that we had a very pleasant stay.	
Aug 1 2007 	Pass On By	Stayed for 1 night in July. Room very small, bed even smaller forget it if you are over 6 feet tall. Decor poor needs a refurb.Main complaint was noise. Doors banging all night and staff drilling in the afternoon. Not a 5 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination oh apart from the bar prices! Give it a miss.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great Staff	This hotel is right on Leicester square - - thus everything within easy reach.I appreciated the hotel service. The staff were professional and friendly - - the best service, I recieved in a Radisson hotel.Another plus is that notwithstanding the hotel is in Leicester Square,it is still quiet &amp; one can have a good night rest.On the down side, one has to not that the rooms are quite small, and I think that in the summer, the rooms will be extremely hot. The windows in the rooms are very small.	
Sep 25 2006	We checked in and checked straight out!	This hotel may be well situated in the West End but that is all that is going for the hotel. The decor and rooms are dated - no aircon, very small and my colleagues room didn't even have a window in the bedroom!!No hotel bar, no mini-bar. Hotel hot and humid, no atmosphere.We checked in and checked straight out. There are better hotels in central London for the same money.	
Jul 3 2006	Brilliant Location - Shame About The Rooms	Having previously stayed at the Hampshire, a sister Radisson Hotel just a stone's throw away, I often went by the Pastoria admiring it's foyer and dining room, clearly visible from the street, and so on a return to London in June 2006, decided to try it out.The staff are superb - friendly and knowledgable, and every bit as nice as those in the Hampshire, and the two public rooms are as inviting from the inside as they look from the street.There is no bar - or at least there is one, but it is totally stripped. However you can use the bar in the Hampshire and anything consumed there can be added to your Pastoria bill.The bedroom I ended up in however, was sonmewhat gloomy. It did look out onto the street, and was fully equipped, but I do feel that when a room is already gloomy, utilising dark furniture is not always the best solution! However, it was spotlessly clean at all times.The bathroom was large and airy, but like the room, somewhat tired and dated.The public rooms have air-conditioning, but the bedroom I was given, had none. (I am not sure if any of the bedrooms have the facility, but the hotel did give us a large and reasonably quiet fan!)The room itself however was very quiet. Leicester Square being pedestrianised, is mainly traffic free, and although a few football fans were vocal enough early in the evenings, by the time we went to bed each night, the area was very quiet and remained so throughout the night.Breakfast was excellent - I actually got the impression that it is cooked in the Hampshire, and brought over on trays from that hotel, but perhaps I was mistaken. In any event, it is the highlight of each day.It seems you can have any newspaper you like as long as it is The Telegraph. (Is the Telegraph a compulsory feature of all Radisson hotels?)Check-in was quick and friendly. Checkout equally so although the hotel was unable to raise a taxi for me on a Sunday afternoon, even though I had given them a half-hour's notice. (Admittedly England were playing Equador at the same moment, so perhaps London's taxi drivers had more important things on their minds than my need to get to Heathrow!).The elevator as others have mentioned, is unusually small - certainly, taking our luggage up with us is a bit of a squeeze (and a timely reminder that I really must do something about my weight).Overall, a very enjoyable stay. The staff and the breakfasts more than make up for the rooms, but it is not an inexpensive hotel, and if you can push the boat out just a little further, the pricier Hampshire is far better value.But what a location, and what a staff!	
Jun 24 2006 	Skip this hotel	Like other people wrote the one big thing going for this hotel is the ideal location in Leicester Square. It's near every convenience and if you're going to the theater it's perfect. HOWEVER, the rooms are shabby, the bathroom is depressing and there is no air conditioning. This particular weekend is quite warm and the room was stuffy and uncomfortable. There is no one to help with bags, no restaurant, no bar, no mini bar. And true, the one and only elevator is SLOW and miniscule. I barely fit in with my suitcases.	
Apr 5 2006	Very pleasant stay	One night stay, friendly staff, excellent location, very reasonably priced hotel for central London, clean and comfortable. Definitely consider this as an option for central London again.	
Dec 22 2005	Raddsion Pastoria Covent Garden - Raddison's theatre-land black sheep	How on Earth has this hotel attained a four star rating?Good points first, just to be fair to the staff - they are very friendly and charming, so no flies on them!Bad points, the flies rest on the shoulders of Raddison Management, obviously rubbing shoulders with the Daily Telegraph as this is the only paper you'll get as complemetary. Is it necessary to be a Conservative with a big C to stay in a Raddison hotel? Is creative, raffish, unbusiness-like Theatreland not worthy of the same budget as the other Raddison hotels? The others in London are superb, but this hotel is nowhere near in the same league, and yet charge the same rates. The lobby and dining area ( the areas most visible to the passing public ) look fine but we found the rooms dated and small. They look like chintzy guest house rooms frozen in a time warp.The first room we were offered was just appalling. Cracked fittings, very faded furniture and no window...a dark, airless pokey little box! We asked for another room and were offered something better, but still not worthy of the four star grading. We found cracked bathroom tiles and cold water that ended up coming out of the tap as warm as the hot. The bed was hard enough for a penitant monk and the heating system was unworkable, so we were boiling for most of the night. Raddison run some great hotels and, in our experience, employ wonderful staff. The Pastoria is the negelected Cinderella of the family and seriously needs looking into. It cannot capitalise on its Covent Garden location forever. In future we'll stay further out and take the tube, and suggest other visitors do the same.	
Nov 6 2005 	Very poor quality	Booked 6 rooms for a night out in Central London for my staff.Firstly, the elevator holds 3 people and has a light cover in it hitting the head of anyone over 6ft(like myself).The room was the smallest I have stayed in since University.The toilet was so close to the bath you had to sit at an angle and I measured the shower head at 5ft 7ins from the ground.The taps were also so stiff that you had to use both hands to turn them.The bed was positioned close to the thin wall seperating the room from the corridor so that every sound could be heard from outside.Altogether a miserable place and at a cost of £125 a night I am sure there are better places to stay.Only positives were the location and friendly staff who looked slightly embarrassed when I made a comment about the place.	
Jul 29 2005	A little gem	This hotel is ideal for theatreland and the hustle of London. You are absolutely central for restaurants etc everything is on the doorstep. Although our room was small and had no window outlook we were provided with an electric fan to keep things cool. We could not fault the service we received and for a short stay i.e we stayed just the one night it was fine.	
Jun 16 2005	Recent Stay	My disabled mother &amp; I spent 3 days at this hotel. Our initial room was tiny, &amp; hot &amp; noisy On the 2nd day we were moved to a more spacious room with a large bathroom, it was very clean &amp; comfortable.Most of my praise is reserved for the staff, nothing was too much trouble, in fact they went out of their way to help &amp; they were always courteous &amp; cheerful, they were especially kind to my 83 year old mother &amp; looked after her when I had to go to hospital.I hesitate to pick out any individual staff as they were all superb from the people who served breakfasts, to those who cleaned the rooms but especially the reception staff. Many thanks to you allProvided we can have a larger room I would use this hotel whenever we come to London, the location is excellent	
Apr 30 2005	Costs Too Much for Value	I know that London is an expensive city, and I have no experience with other London hotels, but I think you should be able to find a better place to stay than the Pastoria. This hotel's biggest advantage is its location--right on Leiscester Square. We walked to Trafalgar Square, the theater, Buckingham Palace, and a good restaurant. It's biggest disadvantage is its cost. Including the VAT, our room cost us more than $400, and it was a very average room at that. No staff was available to help us bring our bags in from the taxi. Our room was small and rather shabby, with dreary views. We will look for a different hotel if we ever make it back to London.	
Mar 1 2005	not as good as other Radissons in London	We have stayed in almost all the Radisson Edwardians in London since my husband travels there frequently for business. This one is definitely not up to the standards of the others, which I would all recommend. The location is convenient but very noisy on the weekend. We were there in winter and didn't need air-conditioning, but in the summer without it it would be extremely hot and noisy with the windows open. There was a fan in the closet. The biggest problem for us in this hotel was the water pressure, or lack thereof, on the 6th floor. It took 10 minutes to get hot water, and then only a trickle. Also, the lift in this hotel was claustrophobically tiny, and I've been in a lot of London lifts! We ended up changing hotels for the last two nights of our stay. I hesitate to check the &quot;terrible&quot; box, because the hotel was not AWFUL, just not what we were expecting for the price and we ended up finding a much nicer one for the same price.	
Aug 6 2004	Great location - comfortable	If you are looking for a mid-range hotel right in the middle of the action in London...this is the place. We stayed for a couple nights at the end of July 2004. It may seem expensive but for it's location on Leicester Square....can't beat it. The rooms were small (typical for anywhere in Europe) but clean. The hotel itself is modern and right outside the front door is the centre of London's theatre life. The square is very busy even at night and so we were surprised at how quiet the room was given the fact we were facing the front street. We stayed on the 4th floor. Covent Garden is a few blocks away - same with Trafalger Square. We walked most places (including Buckingham Palace which took about 15 mins) but the underground station is just off Leicester Square. If you want to stay in London and be close to everything.... I recommend this place.	
Jun 11 2004	Great Location. Not-so-great Rooms.	This place has a great location right where the action is in West London and Leicester Square. Don't confuse this hotel with the Radisson Edwardian Hampshire immediately opposite this hotel. This hotel has a nice lobby, friendly staff, however, that's where everything ends. The rooms are awful and dilapidated, the bathrooms look about 30 years old and smokey (yes you can smell smoke from other people's rooms even if you don't smoke), and the amenities just don't stack up for the price. In addition, there is NO AIR CONDITIONING, and these rooms get really hot quite often due to location and building design.So if you care more about the location choose this. But don't bring the family.	
Feb 10 2004	Pastoria is GOOD VALUE	Very good value and pleasant environmentCould not be better placed for theatres,galleries and such	
Oct 28 2003	Very poor.	Where to start? First thought on arriving in the small, tatty room was &quot;I must turn off the air conditioning it's far too noisy&quot;. Only after searching the room did I find that there was no air conditioning and the noise was from the Odeon cinema's unit directly outside my window. The only air conditioning was from a floor fan plonked in the corner. The room was boiling and this was September in the UK. The check in staff were not particularly helpful, coming across as quite rude. And after getting locked out of my room I was told that the key cards have a tendency to lose their memory. Positives? The location is great for eating out and entertainment (but picking your way over homeless people sleeping - and worse- in the alley outside kind of removes a bit of the glamour). The toileteries were quite good too - although the bathrooms were quite grubby. We cut short a five day stay after two days and moved to the Holiday Inn at King's Cross.	
Oct 6 2003	great location for the theatre	friendly staff, small but pleasant room, amazingly quiet given the location, location perfect for theatre goers	
Oct 7 2009 	shopping		
Sep 14 2009 	??????????		
Aug 21 2009 	ottimo rapporto qulità/prezzo		
Apr 18 2009	super Lage		
Apr 9 2009 	centrale		
Mar 3 2009	Angenehm		
Feb 7 2009 	London total zentral		
Jan 27 2009 	volvería al radisson leicester		
Sep 8 2008 	Bien situé et confortable		
Aug 28 2008 	Ubicación inmejorable!		
Apr 2 2008 	Schoene Location Kleine Zimmer		
