Nov 24 2009 	really small rooms good location!	ok if u don't want to spend a lot of time in your room (which is good only for shower and sleep), very good connections by public transport, only 1 min walk to earls court underground, yet on a quiet street.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fine if you're on a budget	I stayed here for 3 nights earlier this month as our favourite Earl's Court hotel was full. Location wise, it was a 2 minute walk to Earl's Court tube station and perfect for my colleagues and I.Whilst perfectly clean, 'dated' and a little 'shabby' come to mind when describing the decor of my room. The tv is also very small, and you don't have a fridge. Noise carries from rooms above/below and next door too, though I have to say that whilst it was noisy up to about 11pm, it was then dead quiet until about 7am. The bathroom was fine - again, it could do with an update but was perfectly serviceable. Breakfast was ok - the continental side wasn't very inspiring but you wouldn't leave hungry. I didn't eat here at night.All in all, I would stay here again as for £89 a night it is good value in this location and you do get what you pay for. However, if I had the choice I'd stay at our usual Earl's Court hotel which is the K&amp;K George round the corner.	
Nov 19 2009 	accomodated our family of five perfectly	great place to stay very helpful staff clean felt very safe and welcome allowed our three children to share same room with us staff so helpful when booking [booked by phone]excellent food great value	
Oct 18 2009 	Would not recommend this hotel	The Burns Hotel is in a great location and that is this only positive quality of this hotel. My friend and I were traveling together and we asked for 2 beds. They put us on the first floor. The room was very small and the beds were awful. When trying to sit on the bed, it would roll away from me. We found earring parts in the sheets. The sheets were scratchy and old. The springs of the mattress were poking us all night. We asked for a different room and they told us nothing was available and they were pretty rude about it. I felt like we were in the dungeon. We could not stay there for 4 nights so we checked out after one night and went elsewhere.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Location Would Stay Again !	Stayed at this hotel at the end of August and although it did have its drawbacks I would stay here again. I arrived in London at 6:00 am and was extremely tired, thankful when I arrived at the Best Western Burn hotel at about 8:30 am I was able to check in and they had a room available for me!!!! I was also informed that I had been upgraded from a single room to a double room and now had a full breakfast included. News like that was reason enough to recommend this hotel. However on the negative my room was in basement, and in the mornings it did get rather loud, I think some of the housekeeping facilities were down there and lets be honest no one really wants to be stuck in the basement. The Burns Hotel is well located less than a 5 minute walk south from Earls Court underground station. In the Earls Court area there is no shortage of restaurants (mostly chains like Nandos, McDonalds, Masala Zone and Starbucks), a Boots Drug Store is near by and even a Marks and Spencers food outlet for groceries is in the neighborhood. Kensington Palace, Hyde Park is walk-able as well as the natural History Museum. Overall good stay at Burns Hotel.	
Sep 20 2009 	friendly	the staff was outstanding quite possibly the best of my entire trip. Friendly, polite, ect. ect.	
Aug 24 2009 	value for money	clean hotel,rooms are small but ok for a short stay.staff very helpful.no air conditioning which is needed in a hot august.beside earls court tube.safe in room is very handy but it costs £2 a day!	
Jul 4 2009 	Fantstic little hotel great location helpfull satff	We stayed here in march 2009. Top little hotel in a great location. Close to shops, cafes, and a short walk to Hyde Park. We would return again.	
Jun 29 2009 	No Complaints	would agree with whats been said, we stayed for a night whilst at wimbledon, half an hour or so from euston handy for all tube lines, 5 mins walk from Earls Court tube station.Rooms are small but for a night or 2 it was fine, bathroom was fine and very clean.I would suggest in summer ask for room at the back, as our room was at the front and had the sun on it all afternoon, the lack of air con meant it was like sleeping in an oven.	
Jun 24 2009	Small rooms but fab location	A group of us stayed in this hotel in June 2009 for 4 nights. It was a charity trip so our room prices were heavily discounted but the prices advertised in reception started from £120 per night which even for London (and I am a Londoner!) seemed high. The room I had was on the 2nd floor. The twin room was pretty small, and the bathrom even smaller. If both of us were moving around it worked better if one of us sat still on a bed till the other one finished moving. The bathroom had the loo alongside the bath (which I have never liked in a bathroom) and the gap was very tight. Anyone bigger than a size 16 would be in trouble! The bath had an overhead shower which worked well, though the step out of the bath was fairly high. The room was clean, with freebie soaps, tea &amp; coffee, etc. We were able to open the window partially for air in the hot weather which lets in some noise so if you are not used to trains or traffic be aware. The beds were tidy and clean. The hotel offered room service which we did not use though the restaurant was used and the food was good. The breakfast is sufficient with a good selection of continental food - cheese, ham, yoghurt, fruit, bread, croissants, jams, etc. The English breakfast was tasty and well cooked, though one morning it arrived cold and had to be sent back. Occasional wait for items to be replenished. The restaurant is fairly large and could seat a number of guests so space was not too bad. The bar was OK but had a limited range of drinks, and the wine was VERY expensive for the cheap brand they offered. TIP: Go to Threshers round the corner and stay in the room. The staff were all generally polite, efficient and friendly. The best thing about the hotel is the location very near Earls Court tube and the range of eating places - everything from pubs, subway and macdonalds, to zizzis and an excellent italian place past the station, Bistro Benito. It is in a quiet residential area with a private garden for locals, though on one evening there was a very noisy BBQ happening which did disturb some guests on that side of the building. We enjoyed our stay for the short time period and I would use it again. AR	
May 18 2009 	great value for the price	I stayed in this hotel on my first trip to London in late December 2008 - early January 2009. The rooms were a bit small, but no smaller than I had expected to find in London. It's in a great location, literally a few hundred feet from the Earl's Court tube stop. There's a 24-hour newsstand nearby, a Post Office, a Boots, A Sainsbury's, plenty of great pubs and even fast food for those whose tastes run in that direction. All within a couple of blocks of the hotel.The staff was helpful and friendly and even offered a relatively inexpensive upgrade halfway through my 10-day stay.	
May 5 2009 	Good Hotel - Great Location	I am a regular at this hotel since several years despite the small room &amp; bathroom sizes.Just a few steps away from Earls Court Tube station. Very handy as it is on the Piccadilly line &amp; convenient to &amp; fro Heathrow. No change of stations required with luggage.Free wifi very useful. The Breakfst room sometimes gets busy &amp; items on the breakfast buffet take very long to replenish.	
Apr 24 2009 	A nice spot to stay	After much research and dileberation, my husband and I finally chose to stay at the Burns Hotel for the start of our European stay. I have to say, we were not disappointed. We were greeted in a professional, friendly manner and our room, although we thought it was perhaps a little small, were told that it was actually one of their larger rooms. It (the room) was clean and comfortable, we did not find any major problems with it. The hotel is situated very close to an underground tube and we found it easy to navigate around the city. Although it was basic, an all you can eat continental breakfast was included in our package and we found that if we ate a large enough brekki (and risked looking like pigs in the process!) we were fuelled enough to keep going through out the day, making it to dinner easily. It may sound extreme but it was a great money saver, and plus, brekki was so nice it was easy to eat so much! All in all, if you want a clean, easily accessable, value for money hotel with friendly staff then this is the place for you.*Small note: There are quite a few stairs/narrow corridoors in this hotel so if you or someone you're travelling with have bad knees perhaps ask for a more easy accessable room near a lift if possible?*	
Apr 18 2009 	Good location nice hotel but since we stayed free it's hard to be objective!	As everyone has said, the best part is the close location to the Earls Court tube station, and the Blackbird pub on the corner (try their specialty meat pie...definitely the best unless you're a veggie.) The rooms are small but not that bad and the bathroom adequate. We had a room at the back and you could hear the trains a bit if the window was open, but not at all bad for the city. We had two free nights included with a BA flight from the USA, so it's hard to judge the value, but the prices didn't seem out of line for London. Although none of the staff were native Engllsh speakers, they all spoke and understood it well. Extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast was very crowded, so leave enough time. The food was good. The bar is small and not atmospheric in any way, but if you just want a quick drink without heading to the Blackbird, it's adequate. There's a small patio at the back that could be lovely, but it's where the smokers have to go and the ashtrays needed emptying.	
Mar 27 2009 	Charming and in a great location	This hotel wasn’t that bad actually. I would stay here again on a trip to London. Most London hotels tend to be a nightmare compared to other hotels in Europe. The Burns is conveniently close to the Earl’s Court Tube Station—just up the street off Earl’s Court Rd., to your right, across the street and down Barkston Gardens. We booked through a lesser known third party travel company so we had a basement level room, even so it was quiet and clean with a comfortable double bed and clean bathroom. The room was a bit small with the double bed being so close to the wall you would need to climb over the bed to get to the other side. There were some moments the room did get a bit warm but of course basement rooms can get a little stuffy. The windows could have done with a good washing as our room overlooked the back of the hotel ground/patio which was not clean so there wasn’t much of a pleasant scene. Just keep in mind that you will probably get a better room if you book through the hotel or a more popular third party travel company. Other than that, check in was fast and friendly, breakfast very good but can be expensive if you opt for the full English. Overall I am well pleased with my stay at the Best Western Burns and would stay again.	
Mar 14 2009 	value for money	just come back from a stay at this hotel. it is definitely value for money, great location and clean.. the 3 most important things. space is limited and i am sure there are a couple of other small irritating things that niggle but to be honest if i travel to london i want cheap and clean and i use my hotel to sleep and relax after many hours out in town.... this hotel is more than adequate for that. i would stay there again.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great central location shame about the lack of heating in room	We stayed at the Burns Hotel for 2 nights. Before choosing to book this hotel I read the reviews on trip advisor in which most stated the tiny bathrooms and unpleasent stay, however I decided to gamble and book twin share. I must admit I was quite surprised from first impressions, our room was quite spacious and clean, we had tea and coffee making facilities. The only downside was the view, there wasnt one being on the first floor. The bathroom I thought was not small at all, it was a comfortable size with amenities provided. The only problem I had with this hotel was the heating, there wasnt any. It turns on automatically but at a low speed so it was very cold. The breakfast was good, we had continental breakfast but they do offer English Breakfast. Continental breakfast consisted of toast, yoghurt, cereal, fruit, ham etc with tea and coffee available. The location of the hotel was fantastic. Only several minutes away from Earls Court Station and at walkable distance to Hyde Park. Plenty of restaurants, cafes etc to choose from.Overall the hotel was reasonably priced and very clean. Again the only issue I had was the lack of heating. I would consider going to this hotel again for short stays	
Mar 4 2009 	Good clean well located hotel ...	I had read the reviews before and the hotel pretty much fit right into the general consensus. The location was excellent, with a walk of about 100 yards to food, booze and the tube. Definitely a younger crowd due to most likely a less expensive area of London to reside. I went with a double as apposed to the single bed and got whats to be expected for a lower cost room in London. When traveling to Europe don't expect to get large rooms without paying large bucks. As one other reviewer said about another hotel in London, it's London rooms are small, get over it. This was a good hotel for the money believe me ...	
Jan 23 2009 	Enjoyable stay room small	I had a very enjoyable 4 day vacation at the Burns. The room was kind of small, but it was just me, and I only used it to sleep, not hang out all day! Staff was friendly, room &amp; bathroom was clean, (believe me, I'm a neat freak), nice, quiet street. Very close to Earls Court Tube. Tip: there's a cool pub on the corner from the hotel, and a decent place to have a cheap breakfast, is a cafe across the street from the Tube Station. I don't really understand the bad reviews? All hotel rooms in London are small! LDR In Los Angeles.	
Nov 5 2008 	Small room and not worth it - Un Veggie friendly	This hotel was the only bad thing about my London stay.The room was small and filled with furniture you could not use due to the size. A dressing table with a chair that was blocked by a wardrobe and a chair next to the bed that stopped you walking round the bed.Paint peeling off walls. Radiators had clearly been painted hundreds of times with the bubbling paint.Bathrrom and linen was clean though.Woken up at 5am and 6 am by a large group who had decided to set off the fire alarm.Woken up at 8.15am by scaffolding being errected in the back garden of the house next door.Breakfast was my main issue. I ordered a vegetarian sausage breakfast for me and a normal breakfast for my husband. After half an hour I chased it up. They had forgotten us.When it arrived it was meat? Why? Because they had run out of vegetarian sausages? When I explained I had ordered it due to not eating meat she said she would have still given me the bacon with my sausage anyway as I had not told her I didn't want it! It's a veggie breakfast, why would I want bacon? Apparently a lot of people like this and could I not just eat the egg, beans and mushrooms anyway? 45 minutes after entering the breakfast room I left angry and empty.Also I did no meet one member of english staff. I understand they have to have foreign speaking staff due to the large number of international visitors but we had to explain things three or four times before people understood us.Also the barman is periodic. I only found him in the bar for 10mins and after that he dissapeared and did not come back and we had to go to a nearby pub for our next drink.	
Oct 29 2008 	Loved the location but yet another small room	I stayed at this hotel with my partner for 3 nights. Basically I have the same comments as everybody else. Excellent location in a quiet side street 2 minutes walk from restaurants, pubs and Earls Court Tube Station. The staff were very friendly and helpful apart from one slightly miserable breakfast waitress who we nicknamed Wednesday from the Addams family. Buffet breakfast was very good although the room and staff did struggle at the occasional busy times. Because of comments on this site we asked Alpharooms to book us a large double room. Unfortunately the floor planned showed we had the smallest room on the floor (119). Nice enough, view of the garden, comfortable bed and the fastest filling bath I have ever seen. But so small the only way to open our suitcases was to put them on the bed.Minor problem really and we would stop at this hotel again.	
Oct 29 2008 	Basic but adequate.	I have stayed here a few times now, and been very satisfied with it. The location is very convenient, only a couple of minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station, with several shops and restaurants nearby. The rooms themselves are clean and adequate for my needs, although the bathrooms were small and a little cramped. Some of the floorboards creak a lot though!Staff were very pleasant, and spoke enough English to be able to deal with me.TV only has the five normal channels, along with Sky News and Nickelodeon, but that's all I needed. I would certainly consider staying here again!A word of warning - the free WiFi does NOT let you access any streaming video sites (such as Youtube) or the iTunes Store!	
Oct 1 2008 	small room	Good clean hotel booked with expedia and we got the smallest room in the place. I dont know if this is because we booked with expedia or just bad luck. Nice area close to transport.	
Sep 26 2008 	Wouldn't stay again	I guess I expected better from the reviews I read, but all I can say about this hotel is &quot;eh&quot;.The lobby is lovely. And the staff is very good (bit rare for a lot of budget London hotels!). So I was hopeful it would live up to descriptions online.Then I got to the lift. Let's just say that everytime I got in, I wondered if I'd end up trapped in there forever without recourse. It's small, there's no status display in there, and no emergency phone. I was on the 4th (top) floor, so I had to use it. It's also painted black from the outside, so I felt some foreshadowing each time I walked up to it!The floors in the halls were the typical bumpy &quot;few buildings joined to make one&quot; thing. A bit annoying with luggage to have to go up and down stairs in the middle of a hall for no apparent reason! The room I had was small, but not too bad. But the bed was rock hard and the walls were thin. I could hear lots from other rooms, though luckily I had a corner room so I mainly heard the people next to and across from me at times. This was mainly a problem on the weekend when people were in town for football or other events and were being a bit more festive than usual or coming home later than normal.There was lots and lots of counter space in the bathroom (a plus!), but the toilet handle had to be held down and then lifted up to flush (not due to design, just due to being halfway to broken). I'm sure it was just my room with that problem, and luckily it kept working till my leave. I'd of not wanted to lose that counter space!!The hotel is kept very clean by their maid staff, and the location is right near the tube and a bunch of handy places on Earl's Court Road. But it was just a disappointment overall. It's just run down and a bit dim, really. Plus, some of the hotel sites I'd researched said the hotel rooms offered AC, but there was none. So for air the window had to be kept open and then propped open by whatever I could find. During the few rainy nights while there, the window was knocked back and forth from the wind and was a bit loud, though I got used to it.Friends booked a nearby hotel for much cheaper than mine was, and they had a room that looked exactly as I thought mine would if mine had lived up to expectations. I might stay at their hotel next time if I can get a deal on it! EC is a great location to base yourself in. I'd just not bother with the Best Western again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice hotel no problems	Just back from here after overnight stay and have to say pleasantly surprised after some of the comments on this page! Yes the rooms are intimate-wouldn't want to stay here for longer than a couple of nights perhaps but they are spotlessly clean and well kept. Ours overlooked the back which had a view of a lovely garden area (room 202). The room was nicely decorated with lovely wood panelling and subtle mirrors as was the rest of the hotel. Very nice, modern and tasteful public areas and the staff were really helpful. Lovely big vase of lilies in the reception area-nice touch.Ellen Terry used to live here-the famous actress and there is a blue plaque on the front of the building for her and pictures of her inside in the lounge/bar area with other notables.The breakfast area is very clean and comfortable too with leather seats , wood panelling-very modern and overlooking a lovely decked garden area with green patio umbrellas. Really couldn't fault it for the money we paid (£75 for twin room!) and for a 3 star hotel it was great and will definitely go back.Minor gripe was the poor lack of fruit at breakfast-only grapefruit and prunes! Location-wise if you want a hotel for Earl's court arena it is literally 5 mins walk from both the arena and the tube!! There are also a good selection of eateries on Earl's court road-can recommend Bistro Benito a little family trattorio which is also 5 mins walk on the same side as the tube to the left as you come out of the tube. But get there early as it is popular!!	
Jul 20 2008 	not for claustrophobics	dity bathroom, rigid staff, small(and I mean small) rooms.TV set from 1980s.good for Harry Potter.	
Jul 20 2008 	No problems	Stayed at hotel with friend for just one night. No problems or complaints. Location is excellent, 2 minutes walk from Earls Court Tube Station which has direct links to Heathrow &amp; West End. Staff very welcoming &amp; helpful.The breakfast was buffet style &amp; very nice with plenty of choice. Again the staff on duty were both pleasant &amp; helpful.Not sure how suitable the hotel would be for anybody with a disability though. It is an old building &amp; it seemed to be necessary to go up or down a step or two to get anywhere. Other reviews have mentioned small rooms but our's was fine. I suspect we were lucky here as it was a triple room &amp; there was just two of us. Most importantly, the room was both clean &amp; comfortable.There is no air-conditioning in this hotel, I presume because of the age of the building but this would only be a problem if the weather were particularly hot. This was not a huge problem when we were there &amp; opening the window resolved things. I have stayed in a number of other hotels in the area &amp; none of them had air-conditioning either.I would certainly stay here again &amp; be willing to recommend to others, though I would prepare them about the above first.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved it anyway	I was nervous about staying at the Burns for a holiday, following some earlier TripAdvisor postings, but we were pleasantly surprised by how much we enjoyed our stay. Remember that you are staying in a Victorian building, on a beautiful and quiet side street in Earls Court, and go with it! The location was absolutely perfect, near Earls Court Tube, and some fantastic pubs right around the corner. Since our stay was broken up by a day away from London, we had the chance to see what booking a &quot;double&quot; could result in, as the first room was absolutely tiny with a double bed, but crisp and clean, overlooking a quiet courtyard. Our second &quot;double&quot; was much bigger with a king size bed and a full-size bathroom. Same great courtyard view. The staff was most helpful, the included breakfasts were delicious, and the ambience was perfect for a first trip to London.	
Jul 1 2008 	Fantastic location lovely experience	My husband and I had 3 nights at this hotel at the very start of our 2 month european holiday, and what a great way to start our holiday. Fabulous location, great room overlooking the courtyard, lovely garden across the road from the hotel, and wonderful vibe on Earls Court Rd. Hotel staff were very helpful, internet access was cheap and the breakfast was plentiful. Easy walk to tube and shops. Rooms could do with a small fridge but other than that it was great. Other travellers have mentioned the rooms were small but we found ours to be fine. Recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Area	The Hotel was very clean, but very small.We were a party of three; one couple and one lady. So we were surprised that more thought had not been given to the room allocation. The double room was on a different floor to the single room. We asked to be closer together and were given rooms on the same floor but one at the opposite end of the corridor to the other.The double room was so small I had difficulity in getting my case around the door, there was only a tiny window which did open fully and no air-conditioing.We asked for a larger room and were told they were all the same size but slighty different shapes, the duty manager helpfully showed us two other rooms, we settled on the second option which ended up next door to our friend's single room!A group of American students took over the small lounge and foyer for the duration. We were tripping up over laptop cables and the management did nothing about it.The second day we could not use the garden as the dining room furniture was outside as they varnished the dining room floor that day, so we had to go to the front door to smoke, this meant weaving our way through the students each time as they were spawled out on the floor in the foyer at this stage.It was in a terrific area, but it is a pity that all the patrons were not taken into consideration.	
Jun 23 2008 	Maybe Ok In Winter But Without Aircon In Summer Its Not A Nice Experience	Stayed here on a business trip to Earls court. Value wise ok. room clean and tidy and ok. Single room, could almost touch both walls. Had a superior single, can only think the bath made it superior!!!. Would not recommend or return.... In london it is hard to find quality at a low price but somewhere else will be better than this. Breakfast ok...	
May 27 2008 	Hated It	My mom and I stayed at Best Western Burns Hotel Kensington May 13 thru May 18, 2008. I was skeptical about the hotel given the previous reviews here, but we had our travel agent book reservations anyway. We stayed in room #65. First the good: the room was a nice size for a European hotel. It wasn't too much smaller than an American hotel room. The breakfast, which was included, was quite tastey; and the hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating. Now the bad: Upon CLOSE inspecition, the room was filthy. There were visible stains on the walls and the carpet. The carpet looked like it had NEVER seen a vacuum. The area around the toilet was very scarey with visible mildew and &quot;crud&quot; and there was constantly a sewege smell coming from the bathroom. For the first night, I was actually afraid to close my eyes to sleep. It is also important to note that the rooms are not air conditioned. It was not a big deal for us since it was cool in London, but that could be a tremendous problem in the summer. Opening the window seems logical, but there is not a screen on the window so insects can come in. Overall, I would not stay in this hotel again unless they give it a complete renovation.	
May 25 2008 	great value great location	My sister and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. We had read the reviews and were somewhat prepared for the small rooms, although most of them were written by Americans who are used to much bigger rooms. The room(128) was even smaller than expected and the bathroom smaller still! However there were a lot of pluses. The location was excellent - only 2 mins walk from Earl's Court tube station. The street was a lovely quiet street with a beautiful railed garden just accross the road from the hotel. We woke to the sound of bird song each morning.All of the staff we met were extremely pleasant, especially the breakfast staff. The entrance to the hotel was very welcoming. Our room was quite clean.The breakfast was adequate.Not a lot of fresh fruit (only apples) and the breads were of the industrial variety. But there was plenty of juice,cereal, cold meats, cheese, yogurt etc. and the dining area looked onto a small courtyard with seats and some nice shrubbery.On the downside, there was no air conditioning and we were reluctant to leave the window open as it opened directly onto the fire escape so it would have been very easy for an intruder to gain access. Beds were so close together that one could not walk between them. The bathroom was tiny and we had no bath.However it was great value for money 110euro per room per night to include breakfast.I would not hesitate to stay there again but would insist on seeing the size of the room beforehand!	
May 13 2008 	Convenient location but not the greatest experience	As others have said, the location is really good and convenient for Earl's Court and the tube, which was the main reason for picking this hotel.The room itself was fine and larger than some of the reviews here had led us to expect, although the decor was very tired and showed signs of DIY maintenance. The TV was very small and it's a bit misleading of the hotel to say that rooms have satellite TV - it ought to be made clear that there are only 2 satellite channels (Sky News and Nick). The room itself was the hottest room we've ever stayed in. Even with the radiators turned off, and the window open, the room didn't cool down enough to be able to sleep properly. We tried leaving the window open at night but this meant that we were kept awake by the noise of nearby trains frequently rattling past. Closing the window helped a little, but the trains were still audible and having the window closed meant the room was unbearably hot throughout the night. Almost all of the floorboards creaked incredibly loudly so it was impossible to move around the room quietly.The hotel advertises free wi-fi in all rooms but we were unable to connect with our laptop - the network name given in the room information didn't appear in the list of available networks on the laptop. The room information said to obtain an information sheet on wi-fi from reception but, when we asked about this and how to connect, we were told that it might be too weak a signal from the room and we should try from reception or the bar (this despite there being a wireless access point right outside our door). We tried connecting from reception and still couldn't connect. Asking staff again, we did then get an information sheet containing the password and lists of the available networks - it's a pity this wasn't just included in the room information or given to us at the fist time of asking.Breakfast was included in our room rate and was very good, although it felt very rushed. We were shown to a table and the waiter pointed out the continental breakfast buffet bar and took our order for cooked breakfast, tea and toast, whisking away the menu before we'd even had chance to look at it! Barely had we started our juice and cereal before the cooked breakfast was served to us, followed a few seconds later by toast and tea!When we came to check out, the hotel had added onto the bill £2.00 for the use of the room safe, which we hadn't used at all. I pointed this out and they did immediately deduct it from the bill but it felt as if they were trying it on.All in all, the hotel was OK but the overall experience was quite disappointing. It was noisier than we had expected and the extreme heat of the room meant that it was just too hot to sleep, which meant that we started the next day feeling exhausted. We wouldn't be very keen to stay here again and would try to find somewhere cooler!	
Apr 28 2008	lovely locationloved it	iv;e just got back from a three night stay at this lovely hotel,over looking the lovely barkston gardens,yes the room may have been a bit small compared to american rooms,but i've stayed in worse in paris,the reception staff were lovely, the room was lovely and clean,the continental breakfast was good,plus earls court tube was three minute walk away,and if you wanted late night snacks sainsburys was open 24 hours just round the corner on the cromwell road, so overall i would definitely stay here again if coming to london.	
Apr 28 2008	Great hotel	This is a great hotel in a great location. It is only a two minute walk to Earls Court tube station which is on the picadilly line so you can catch the train straight here from heathrow.We stayed here on a weekend in April. We arrived at about 8am and although we weren't expecting to be able to check in, our room was ready which was great after flying all the way from Australia.A few days after we checked out i realised i left my husband's expensive shirt in the wardrobe. I thought i might give them a call to see if maybe it was still there. Not only was it still there but they promptly posted it to us the next day in Australia. The staff here were very friendly and we would definately recommend it to travellers after a good bargain.	
Mar 30 2008 	Lovely Stay	After having an awful stay in London center, we tried to book something in Kensington. To our surprise (on Easter weekend, no less) the Burns Hotel had a vacancy. We ere so pleasantly surprised, The room was a little small, but very clean. The staff was extremely helpful.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great location compact rooms	I recently stayed at the Burns hotel for a function in earls court. The location is superb for any functions there, and is easliy walkable (5 mins away). The location of the hotel is lovely as it is just off the main highstreet looking onto some gardens.I stayed in a single room which was quite small, even by london standards. The service however was great - i asked for an ironing board at a very busy time of day and it arrived within 10 minutes.If you're looking for a hotel close to kensington, the tube or earls court arena which does what it says on the tin this is fine. There is a small bar at the hotel and the breakfast is continental as standard but you could pay extra for full cooked.	
Mar 20 2008 	Value for Money	The hotel was clean and well presented. The staff were all friendly and helpful. Our twin was room was of adequate size (probably above average for London), this was a pleasant surprise as it was a last minute cheap deal and they do tend to give you the worst rooms! Only minor gripe about the room was that the bathroom door couldn't be opened very far as it hit the end of one of the beds. We had the continental breakfast - plenty of choice, the full English also looked very good. Even though the breakfast room was busy at times the staff cleared tables quickly and there never seemed to be anyone kept waiting. The buffet was also checked and replenished regularly.Hotel is a two minute walk to Earls Court Road for the Tube, buses, shops, pubs and eateries, and less than ten minutes to the Earls Court Exhibition Centre.Would certainly stay there again	
Mar 9 2008 	You Don't Get What You Pay For	My husband and I stayed at the Burns Hotel for 2 nights in February 2008. We picked it based on a Rough Guide Directions recommendation and reviews on this site. Of the three hotels we stayed in on our 11 day trip (the other two in Paris and Venice) this was the most expensive and not a value for the money.PROS- Location. Just around the corner from Earls Court tube station you can get anywhere easily from here.- The bed was reasonably comfortable. The room was very large with a large wardrobe and desk. Although it looked out directly onto the street we were able to close the heavy drapes and have privacy.- The shower head was the best of the trip. Lots of water pressure.- The breakfast was included for us (I don't think it is for everyone). It was pretty good. The staff was a little rude. And the whole thing is kind of confusing becuase some people have some parts of breakfast included, others have other parts. But the selection was nice and we were satisfied.- The in room coffee and tea selection was nice. Although I have seen better it was just fine and a nice touch.CONS- Although not the hotels fault, the worst part of the stay was the &quot;rain&quot; in the bathroom on our first morning. We got back from breakfast and heard dripping. I went to the bathroom door and rusty dirty water was pouring out of the light fixtures. I went to the front desk and they told me that they knew there was a problem on the third floor but hadn't realized it came all the way through. (from the look of the ceiling and light fixtures this is not the first time for this issued). They offered to send in the cleaning service and/or to move us to a smaller room. The staff was unapologetic and didn't seem to care what we thought. Even so, we decided to stay where we were since we were checking out very early the next day. The cleaners did come but did not do a very good job (rusty water was still on the floor and toilet seat) and we had used our towels to sop up some of the water and the maids just hung the dirty rusty towels back up to dry!! I had to ask for replacements.- The bathroom was very tiny, especially for the size of the room.- We weren't in London to watch TV, but it was a rather pathetic little set that only got 7 channels and no international news channel.	
Jan 10 2008	Wonderful Location - Adorable Hotel	I stayed here last winter with my best friend on our first trip to London. We LOVED it! Overall, the best thing about this hotel is the location. It is close to all the conveniences. There were several grocery stores close by and that's where I bought almost all my food. Sommerfield was my favorite and it had lots of yummy ready-made sandwiches and crisps and candies and yogurt. I enjoyed trying the different food and the prices were actually not bad. I had brought a bunch of food with me thinking that everything was going to cost an arm and a leg, but I was pleasantly surprised to find better food prices than Chicago (where I was living at the time). Bottled water is especailly cheap in London! My roommate enjoyed the fact that there was a McDonald's close by as well. There were several other fast food places but we pretty much stuck to Sommerfield and McDonald's. There is also a Barclays (bank) right there and I believe that they do not charge a service fee. Yay! And then of course, the location is prime because of the Earl's Court tube stop, just a few minutes from the hotel. It was a quick ride into the main tourist spots (10-15 mintues probably) and SO easy to use.The hotel itself was also quite adorable. It's true that the rooms are small, but you are in Europe. We expected small and were actually surprised at how big our room was. Not big by American standards but bigger than what we were expecting. We had a bathroom, two twin beds, a TV, desk, and still some room to walk around. I can't say that the beds were especially comfortable, but they did the job. And the best part was that we had the cutest little balcony that looked out onto a large lawn and what looked like beautiful brick apartments. It was February when we were there so we didn't spend a lot of time on the balcony but it was nice knowing it was there and it also doubled as a fridge at night and we could put our goodies from Sommerfield out there to stay cold. The only negative I can say about this hotel is that the staff was not the most friendly. They were pretty snappy with us when we checked in and we were put off trying to talk to them the rest of our vacation. But this wasn't a big deal. It's nice if they are nice, but I don't usually ask many questions of hotel staff anyway.	
Nov 30 2007 	Nice Convenient hotel	Spent two days here 23-24th November 2007 with my husband and son to celebrate his birthday. It is a very convenient hotel in a pleasant location, close to Earls Court tube station, but not too far to walk to the museums either. Staff were pleasant, English breakfast was good. Had problems on check in and check out with the foreign speaking reception staff who did not understand how to use Best Western Member cards and points. Eventually when we got someone who spoke English they sorted it all out. It took about 20-25 mins to check out, and about 15 mins to check in. Nevertheless the staff were very nice. The rooms are small, we got an upgraded room with balcony and decent sized bathroom overlooking the front of the hotel. It was clean overall, but the carpet needed replacing or be given a good cleaning as it had lots of stains on it. We would stay here again. We got a good deal through the best western site but an even better one for the extra night we stayed through hotel.com	
Nov 25 2007	good place to stay	have just returned from a 2 night stay at the burns.very easy to get to as is just across the road from earls court tube.a zone 1 travel card will get you there on the underground.the staff at check in were friendly and most efficient.our room was on the front of the hotel and had a queen size bed,loads of pillows,cushions and spotless.if you really looked,the room was getting a little tired and will be in need of a refit in a couple of years.search the internet for deals with breakfast (continental 6.50 full english 9.50) as the walk through the door rate is 165 pounds and we paid 99 pounds with continental breaky.the only word of warning is if you have a dash of lemonade in your malibu at the bar be prepared to part with 1.95all round a good hotel for the money and in a great location for access and dining.	
Oct 13 2007 	Great Hotel in London	I just got back from London and enjoyed my stay at this hotel. I have traveled to London quite a bit in the last couple of years and this was one of the most pleasant hotels I have stayed in.The location in Earl's Court is great, and is a two minute walk to the tube station.Our room was a good size for London and was very clean. Breakfast was included in our stay and was very good. The staff was very pleasant and helpful.I would certainly recommend his to anyone traveling to London.	
Sep 4 2007 	Sweet little Hotel	The hotel is close to the Tube (subway that is about 2 blocks away). We bought a weekly pass on The Tube and it was awesome. We traveled all over London this way because taxi's cost so much. The hotel was super small. The lobby was little and the hallway to the elevator was narrow. After we checked in we wheeled our luggage to the elevator to get on only to find out it is a one man elevator if you have luggage. I'm from Texas where everything is big so this was just too funny. Anyway, my husband went up first and the elevator came back for me. When I got off of the elevator he was waiting for me with this huge grin and said &quot;You aren't going to belive this.&quot; I walked in and the room is probably 15' x 10' with a huge window. There are two twin beds up against one wall and a dresser and a tall wardrobe on the other wall. There is a small bathroom big enough for one person at a time with another huge window. There is no air conditioning. I've never been anywhere with out A/C! We both laughed until we were crying. I was thinking there is no way I will be staying here. But we opened up the windows and the best breeze blew through the room and we called room service for a fan which they immediately brought up to us. After the initial shock of the room being so tiny, I fell completely in love with it. The beds are very comfortable, it is very clean, it has a TV that works, and the shower is powerful...what else do you need? There is a park across the street and you could watch the children play and it is just so beautiful. There are no screens on the windows so you could actually sit in the window and watch the world go by. The entire time we were in London I saw one gnat. In my town the mosquitos are so big they can carry you away. One block away is a busier street with restaurants and all kinds of stores. We went to the small grocery store every day and bought drinks and fruit. The food in London is nothing like in the states. Our favorite restaurant was The Republic of Texas and we ate there 3 times. Everything is VERY expensive. We saw the changing of the guards at 11:30am. When the flag is flying on top of the palace that means that the Queen is there. She was there when we were there and that was kind of neat to know. We went on the London Eye, saw castles, Big Ben, London Bridge, museums, and so much more. We took the Eurostar to Paris and another train to Scotland for day trips. Scotland was very interesting and cold. Paris was okay and we saw the Eiffel Tower and cruised on the Seine River but eveyone in Paris kind of snobby. Overall, I would go back to London in a heart beat and stay at this hotel again. I fell in love with everything.	
Aug 19 2007	Good value for central London	Looking for a last minute hotel for a single night in London, this was a perfect fit. Near a tube station, near central London.The room was smallish, but not as small as others I've paid more for. The bathroom was clean. Overall, I'd stay here again if I was looking for a single night bolt-hole at a budget.	
Aug 13 2007 	Convenient Hotel	When booking a hotel in London its hard to find a place that&quot; has it all&quot;We stayed here for two nights when visitng some one.We found the hotel very conveniently placed. Just out of Earls Court Station across the road turn right then left about 5 mins walk.The room was on the back of the hotel and was very quiet and clean.There is a small bar with relaxng tables and chairs and internet access.Breakfast was self service, a small queue some times as tables were cleared.Plenty of food and a bright room.Outside and turn left you can easily walk into South Kensington a pleasant strollIn all no real problems and would stay againErin	
Aug 10 2007 	Only for minimalists...	We booked this hotel for one night, as we were only transiting through London and wanted to catch a few of the major sites. The good reviews I read did not seem to hold up at all -- reception was rude and unhelpful, and the rooms are the size of most hotels' closets. We shared a double bed, but had to sidestep around the bed to navigate the room at all. Bathroom is incredibly small, and the shower is up on a step that some people might not be able to climb. It also runs the risk of slipping on the shower floor and falling out onto the bed -- yes, it's that small. Breakfast was decent, but it leaves a big appetite afterward. Location is great, but that's the only perk I can fathom about this hotel.	
Jul 27 2007 	Central 	We stayed in The Best Western Burns Hotel in June and were happy with the convenient location near Earls Court Tube ( which is an easy haul from Heathrow with lifts &amp; ramps at the tube station). ROOMS - Smallish but adequate, no aircon/fan, small (oldish) bathroom. Comfy beds. VERY SQUEEKY FLOORS!!!BREAKFAST - adequate continental but staff come in at 10.30 and scavenge around for left overs.CLEANLINESS - ExcellentLIFT - Yes, small but it works well.COST - Well priced onlineI would stay there again but I have found a better hotel for slightly more which has aircon and more spacious rooms - Copthorne Tara in High Street Kensington. But if you cannot afford the GBP30 extra per night, this is a great choice.	
Jul 23 2007 	Really awful hotel	I'm not in the habit of writing poor reviews but this hotel was utterly dismal in my opinion. While a couple of the Front Desk members were helpful, one in particular was rude, unfriendly and totally unsuited to her vocation, smart suit or not. The room was clean but ridiculously small. The bathroom had bad plumbing and you could use the loo and rest your feet on the sink, it was so tiny. (Of course, we didn't...) The floor boards creaked dreadfully every time we walked across them. No faceclothes and very few towels. The trouser press didn't work either. The sides of the bed were threadbare and ratty with loose threads trailing down. Don't spend any &quot;romantic&quot; time here as the people in the rooms across the hall will hear everything and more, as we did. The location is good but when we went to the Front Desk to cash a traveller's cheque, we were told that &quot;We don't do that....&quot; Er. pardon? The breakfast buffet staff were very accommodating but the restaurant is set up to handle a few tables. We ordered toast, which arrived about ten minutes after we'd finished. Everyone seemed confused. The food was mediocre with &quot;just tipped out of the can&quot; baked beans. Ugh! Three times I pointed out filthy plates to the staff, with dried-on food all over them.I realize this is a tourist class hotel but I've stayed in far better for the same price or a little more. We spent five days here and were very disappointed.	
Jul 7 2007 	perfect for me	I chose this hotel because of the location and I like the nearby Earls Court Road where there are fabulous restaurants at reasonable prices ! No air con and it is hot at the moment but my room overlooked the back garden and the window can be opened. It's a single room I had, it was fine, comfy bed, great hot shower, nice view ( quiet really ), excellent service at breakfast too, this impressed me a lot. The English breakfast was good, not greasy as one usually has. The staff were helpful and friendly. I will stay here again. Oh, the free wifi is a real advantage too.	
Jun 30 2007	A serviceable spot with a great location	My son and I stayed at the Burns June 21-June 27. Booked the reservation through Expedia and had no problems on check-in. Only a bit of a snafu: I thought for sure our reservation included a continental breakfast, but upon checking in found that it did not. We were able to purchase a voucher -- the night before -- for a discounted breakfast tho. The breakfast was the basics but it was very serviceable and filling with eggs, breads, meats, yogurt, and some cold cereals.We had a twin room -- it was small but clean. The bathroom was always kept spotless and the shower was great. Not sure that housekeeping ever ran a vacuum the 6 nights we were there, tho. The rugs were a bit dirty and needed replacing.Biggest complaint about our room was that it was in the lower level and on the Barkston Gardens side of the hotel. It was a bit noisy with people passing by, and there was some kind of access door just outside our window -- possibly from the kitchen -- below street level. On the 2 mornings we weren't out of our room by 830a-ish we heard fairly loud talking and people were smoking just outside the window. So be careful of room 49.The folks at the front desk ranged from very helpful to a bit prickly at times. They did point us in the direction of some nice restaurants in the area.The location is a huge selling point. We were at Earl's Court, and only about a 3-minute walk from the front door. Very convenient when lugging luggage. The neighborhood had plenty of food choices, ATM terminals, convenience stores, grocery stores.I'd definitely stay there again -- from earlier reviews I had read it sounds like they are putting money into the hotel to update it. I feel like the neutral / average rating is too low, but the above average is too high. So I'd probably give it 3.5 stars.	
Jun 21 2007 	Okay in a pinch	Very small rooms. On a fairly quiet street, but make sure you don't get a room near elevator or lobby. Located near the Earls Court tube stop, about a 15 minute ride to the heart of London. We booked directly on the Best Western web site and paid $178/night including full breakfast. However, London is really expensive, so I don't know if a better deal is available	
Jun 8 2007 	5 days in London	We stayed 5 nights at the Burns Hotel. Although the room was very small it was very clean and comfortable. The hotel is in an excellent location very close to Earls Court tube station and lots of restaurants and pubs. It was very quiet at night which was a bonus. We found it very easy walk to many of the places we wished to visit - Harrods, shops, museums etc. We ate breakfast each morning in the hotel. Most mornings we were down in the restaurant about 7.30 - 8am and had no problems with seating or service,though later on it did get very busy. As indicated already by another review the wait staff's english was not great but they all did their best. The desk staff were courteous and helpful with giving us directions and assisted us in booking a coach tour for one of the days. We were very pleased with our stay at the Burns Hotel and would stay there again if we came back to London.	
May 13 2007 	Handy for Earls Court	I had a single room at the Burns Hotel, staying overnight for a concert at Earls Court. The single room that I had was of a reasonable size for a single room, it had a bed, wardrobe, two chairs, chest of drawers, bed side table and dressing table, which is more than one frequently gets in a single room. There were also a large number of mirrors on the wall to try to make the room seem bigger. i woudl not hesitate to stay here again if I was attending an event at Earls Court.	
May 11 2007	Not good!	I was booked at this hotel because of a Fair at Earls Court upon arrival I was given a single room. The single room felt like an old prison and it was klaustrophobic too.I went down to the reception immediately to have another room and they showed me a double room and asked if I wanted to change, even though, I almost had to check out but due to circumstances I decided to stay. Colleagues did send me material that I was supposed to bring to the fair, however the staff of the Hotel sent the UPS guy back with the two packages I needed so bad.The price is around a hundred pounds and I strongly suggest that you chose another alternative if you don't have to be into this particular area.Peter Gustafsson	
Apr 16 2007 	Exactly as expected	Most reviews on this site are spot-on. This is a no-frills hotel. The rooms are small but clean. We stayed 3/31-4/8. During our stay, they started replacing the old, worn-out carpet that is mentioned in so many other reviews. The chemical-like smell of the new carpet was overwhelming but how can you complain when they are updating something that clearly needs attention? The breakfast is adequate but I found the wait staff to be rather hard to communicate with. It was odd to me that most of the wait staff did not speak fluent English. Conveying your wishes was often difficult. The convenience of the breakfast certainly outweighed any negatives.I would certainly stay here again. The location is superb!	
Apr 10 2007 	Unfriendly Front Desk	I stayed at Burns Western with my colleague from 3/18 to 3/22 on a business trip. We arrived to be greated by unfriendly front desk who gave us rooms the size of a coffin. Not only that there were left over luggages from previous guests--basically these were rooms that were still occupied. I immediately worry about the safety of the hotel--others can gain entry into an occupied room so easily! They changed us into slightly bigger single rooms with a small closet--thank god. The free breakfast were cold, which is a huge turn off during the freezing days we were there. When we checked out we were hit by a huge telephone bill billing each call dialed even if it did not get through. I argued that with the front desk and they took half of the amount off. Still--really dissapointment given the good reviews I've received. Last time I was in London I stayed at Abba Queens Gate Hotel and that was a much better treat. To be fair, the Burns Western was very close to the tube station and clean.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great stay!!	Stayed at the Best Western Burn's hotel this weekend as we were going to the Babylon restaurant on Kensington High Street. The hotel was a 2min walk from Earls Court Tube station, well situated down a quiet side street which faced a lovely garden surrounded by huge victoria houses. We had a very easy check in by polite hotel staff. The room was on the smallish size but that was our only qualm. The room was quite warm but there was a nice big window which could be opened!! Small bathroom with bath and shower. The bath could be filled in about 5 seconds (no word of a lie). There was also a t.v and tea/coffee making facilities. There are plenty of shops, restaurants and bars situated only 5 minutes away from the hotel. Breakfast either continental or full english. Unfortunately we had to wait a bit to be seated for breakfast and then had to sit with a lot of sales people who were staying at the hotel because of the Ideal Home Exhibition. It did ruin our quiet breakfast as they were very noisy and rude. We paid £94.00 for the room with breakfast which we thought was very reasonable. We did enjoy the stay and the next time we need to stay over in the city, we will definitely be staying here.	
Feb 27 2007	Nice Hotel	The Burns Hotel is a very reasonably priced hotel to stay at. We found it to be very clean, quiet &amp; comfortable. The rooms seem to be different sizes - small &amp; smaller. - which is what you can expect in London unless you want to spend upwards of $250.00 usd per night. We paid $182.08 cad per night which included an english breakfast - through TRAVELOCITY at the beginning of our trip. On our return we paid $158.44 cad per night booked through OTEL and included a nice continental breakfast . We took the tube from Heathrow to Earls Court &amp; quickly found the hotel - 1 1/2 blocks from the tube (thanks to directions from another trip advisor member) The location was good for walking to various museums and restaurants etc.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great Value and Location - Small Single Rooms	Booked a single room through London Hotel Site. 3 night weekend stay for 69 GBP per night which included Breakfast. Hotel is less than 5 mins walk from Earl's Court tube station which is really convenient for either Gatwick/Victoria or Heathrow/Paddington. Staff very friendly and their English was fine. Full English Breakfast was good and I recommend pre-paying. Had a 4th floor room with a single bed which I found rather small but it was clean. No tub just a shower. Neighbourhood is very safe and there is a good selection of shops and pubs nearby.	
Dec 4 2006 	excellent location	My partner and I booked one night at this hotel as we were attending a concert at Earls Court. The location was ideal, just a few minutes walk from the tube station and five mintures to the Exhibition Centre.The room was really small, and very tired. The loo seat was broken and the tiles/grout needed redoing. Having said that the bed was comfortable and the shower worked so what else really do you need? Do not stay in room 116 unless you are a heavy sleeper! This is on a half-landing and on the main route to most of the rooms so everyone walks past! We were woken at 4.50am by the cleaners starting work in reception with hoovers and floor polishers! Would stay here again if visiting Earls Court just for where the hotel is, but would ask for a different room next time.	
Nov 29 2006 	Worth it for the location	I stayed here in October 05 so the heat was not a problem.Me and my girlfriend had booked a double room and were given a twin. In fairness it wasn't the hotel's fault. The receptionist showed me her booking slip. (Damn internet company). She did move us for one night and tried to let us stay but eventually we had to move back to the twin.The rooms are small so if you are spending anytime in your room you'd better avoid it.But any drawbacks are solved by its location. Facing a nice park it takes literally five minutes to walk to Earl's Court Tube station and all shops are on the way. Handy for picking up a few things on the way home.Leaving the hotel you can be in Picadilly Circus within 25 minutes. Don't have huge expectations and you'll be willing to return.	
Oct 29 2006	A bit vague!	Like everyone else, I agree that the rooms are small. I was here on business, so most of the time I was in the room I was asleep, and it was fine for that. Also, everything was well laid out and worked well. I've been in smaller rooms in Europe which were much less comfortable.Except that the staff were a bit vague - one morning I asked for an iron and ironing board ... and ended up having to go down to reception - it turns out they'd forgotten which room had asked for it. I had tried phoning reception, but I think they'd also forgotten to turn their phones onto &quot;day&quot; or something - either way, it just rang out. At 8am, this really wasn't great.Proximity to Earl's Court meant that there was heaps happening on the doorstep, or High Street Kensington was only a short walk away. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2006 	Good value for money	I stayed here for three nights in mid-October, took a trip to the north of England for two nights, and returned for one night before flying home. The Earl's Court location is not elegant, but it's very convenient to central London, and the hotel's location on Barkston Gardens made it more pleasant than if it were on a busy street. I arrived direct from the airport and was able to check into my room at about 11:00 a.m., rather than having to wander about London for several hours. The single was small but not desperately so, the housekeeping was decent, the TV had a range of channels including Sky Sports, and the bath was new. I got continental breakfast with my rate. This included a range of cold cuts and cheeses, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, cereals, and decent rolls and croissants, along with coffee or tea and toast if desired. It was served in a very nice lower level dining room looking out on city gardens. Upon returning, my room was identical to the first one, but the bathroom was not as new. There were a few signs of mildew around the bathtub. This, and the tea tray not being restocked before my last night, are the only reason my review is not higher. I would stay here again. There is no A/C, but in mid-October it wasn't a problem.	
Oct 24 2006	rooms very small	we have just stayed 3 nights at this hotel the room was so small like liveing in a box . carpet on the stairs was held together with tape .the room we had (105) was next to the lift so every time anyone used it you could hear the doors opening and closeing . i must say for the price we payed for our stay i would say we feel let down and would not use it again . also left a coat in the room so rang hotel to ask if they had found it was told they would ring me back that day did not get a call so next day rang again told the same thing again in the end i rang then 4 days in all and last time i rang asked for a manager when im pleased to say it was sorted	
Oct 3 2006	Convenient and Above Average	Just got back from staying at the Best Western Burns Hotel in Barkston Gardens, Kensington, London, right in Earls Court - ALL I CAN SAY IS...GREAT! The location was a two-minute walk to the Earls Court Tube station and the area is filled with some good little cafés and pubs.We found the hotel to be very accommodating: we arrived at Heathrow at 630am on an overnight flight from Canada; from the airport, the tube ride to the Earls Court station was about 30 minutes. The front desk person was very helpful: she requested that housekeeping clean a room for us right away b/c she knew we'd come in on the red-eye...we were in our room and taking a nap within the hour. The room itself was fine, if a bit crowded (but not uncomfortably so). It was tidy, quiet and clean; we had no complaints.We didn't opt to eat in the hotel as the breakfast prices seemed a bit high, but we found great places on the high street in front of the tube station where we bought coffees and breakfast buns to go.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a convenient and reasonably-priced location within a few minutes' tube ride to all the areas around London (you can walk too, of course, but those maps are deceptive sometimes and what looks to be a few stations away is actually an hour by foot!).The tube line from Heathrow stops at Earls Court and if you need to get to Gatwick, it's a 3-station stop to the Gatwick Airport train at Victoria (is that right?) Station. Now I'm rambling so I'll stop, but I do recommend this hotel highly, as does my husband!	
Aug 22 2006	Small Rooms!	We (2 adults) spent 3 nights in the Best Western Burns Hotel in Kensington. Check-in was smooth and friendly, and room was ready on our arrival, even though we were about half an hour earlier than our advised check-in timeThe room itself was small enough to not allow us to store our suitcases properly. We were flying off to Portugal for a week after London so had 2 decent sized suitcases and ended up standing them next to the bed when we were in the room. This then blocked our way to the door! Not ideal in the event of an emergency, but we never needed to leave the room for one so I guess it was ok with hindsight. Bathroom was clean, tidy and well presentedBreakfast - I had prebooked full english's, which were ok. Nothing too special, but not that bad either. Dining room was well-lit and airy and staff were friendlyOverall, the hotel was conveniently located a couple of minutes walk away form Earl's Court Tube Statiion, although I expect you could get very wet dragging suitcases there in the rain. There was also a good selection of shops for anything you needed between the Tube and the Hotel. The room and hotel could have done with a bit of TLC, but it served our needs perfectly	
Aug 15 2006 	A nice hotel	I found this hotel to be pretty good. Probably the only real downside was the size of the room. My friend and booked a twin room and we could reach out and touch each other from any point in the room (and we're only 5,2 girls so the room was pretty small!) Apart from this the beds were comfortable and clean and the cleaners were efficient. The bathroom was small but clean and adequate. The TV had a good range of channels.The best thing about the hotel was the location. It was a 2 minute walk from the tube station and there were plently of cafes, pubs, restaurants, convenience store and a post office 1 minute away on earls court road. We found plenty of restaurants close by that were cheap (within a student budget) that werent mentioned in the guidebooks.The continental breakfast was good and the wait staff were lovely.All in all I would stay here again.	
Jul 28 2006 	Good value	We stayed at this Hotel from June 4th for six nights and did some sightseeing in London. When I made the reservation via internet (Best Western reservation system) I asked for &quot;best price&quot; and so I think that's the reason they gave us a tiny double room on the 4th floor (right under the roof). We asked for a non-smoking room which was granted. The room was very small but clean. The bathroom was ridiculously small with no real ventilation - so one could see a mouldy ceiling. The towels were changed every day. There is no air-condition and it was getting quite hot in the afternoon but we could leave the window open during the night so it was bearable.The English breakfast was superb and the continental breakfast buffet well equiped; the staff were very friendly both in the restaurant and at the front desk.Although it's just a short walk down to Earl's Court station the hotel is located in a very quiet neighbourhood. And there are plenty of shops and restaurants around, even a 24h Sainsbury's supermarket!We would stay at this hotel again but next time we would choose a bigger room - not on the top floor.	
Jul 11 2006	Great for the price	Have just returned from a theatre break. Stayed at this hotel, including full English breakfast (which was cokked fresh to order - so was all piping hot) and good tickets to Whistle Down the Wind - paid a total of £111.00 for two adults. Which i think is excellent value. Had a twin room - yes it was hot but opened the window beforewe went out so was fairly cool when we came back in the evening. The room was equipped with fresh towels, coffee and tea making facilites -so no real complaints. Staff were friendly. The tube station is a couple of minutes walk away. The show is excellent. All in all a good trip for a very reasonable rate.	
Jul 11 2006	Not a good value	The hotel has a great location. Although it is so close to the tube station you can hear them in your room. We stayed for three nights and our family shared two rooms. Both rooms were tiny and had poor air circulation. It was unbearably hot. There was no air conditioning or fans. The hotel is clean but a little worn. There were holes in our curtains and duck tape on the carpet in the halls. The hall smelled of the cigarette ashtrays. I don't recommend this hotel.	
Jun 22 2006 	Well located but small rooms and so hot in the summer	I attended a 3 day exhibition at Earls Court so being as this hotel was 5 minutes down the road, it was very useful. The hotel and the rooms were clean which I would expect from a Best Western hotel. There were problems however. Firstly there is no air conditioning in any of the rooms. In a hot June, this was unbearable. The windows only open a couple of inches, so no fresh air could get into the room. Getting a good night sleep was almost impossible. Several of my work collegues who were also staying at the hotel had similar problems with the heat, so it wasnt just a problem with one room. Also the rooms were very small. I had a single room, so I wasnt expecting it to be large but this was tiny!Also, the phone didnt work in my room. Overall a unpleasant experience. Avoid	
Jun 19 2006	Excellent Value	This hotel is everything you can need if you are staying in London for sightseeing or taking in a show. The hotel is very clean, my room which was a single was big enough for me and very clean. The staff are excellent and nothing is too much trouble for them. The full breakfast is more than enough to keep you going to lunchtime and the fact it was available up until 10.30 meant that if you wanted a long lie you would not miss out. The hotel is literally round the corner from the tube and you are in the centre of London in minutes. The setting in a residential square meant that at night it was nice and quite with no worries about safety.The only problem I had was the squeaky floorboards but as it is an old building you must expect this. I had read the reviews of the hotel after booking and was concerned about some of the negative reviews; they could not be more wrong and I can only assume they were looking for a 5 star hotel at 2 star prices.	
May 25 2006	Not so great - although staff is friendly	We stayed 5 days at this hotel and was impressed by the staff, but not by the hotel. Beds were uncomfortable (lumpy and very hard), hallway carpeting very shabby, buffet breakfast was average at best. The single and double rooms are VERY VERY small (think large walk-in closet with a tiny bathroom attached). If you can afford to upgrade to a triple, do it! The triple room is MUCH bigger (more than double the size, I think). Also, the bathrooms in the triple rooms are a bit larger. Given it's draw backs, the staff was very friendly - they upgraded us to a triple room free of charge, and the room was clean. As for location, it is fantastic. Very close to the Earl's Court tube station, but it is on a quieter street - not a busy thorough-fare. The neighborhood felt very safe, as well (even for a woman traveling alone - I was there a couple of nights without my husband and still felt quite safe). I would recommend the hotel, but with severe reservations. If you can't afford the upgrade to a triple - don't stay here! (You cannot believe how small the rooms are, worse than I had seen anywhere else in England and Scotland - and I've stayed in several hotels.) If you are staying in a triple room, you will probably be satified with your stay at this hotel.	
May 21 2006	Good Value	My husband and I stayed here as part of theatre package at a cost of £114 inc breakfast.Although our room was tiny and somewhat warm due to a lack of air conditioning it was however very clean and adequate for an overnight stay. The breakfast was very good and the staff more than helpful As our theatre tickets alone would have cost in the region of £70 this hotel represented excellent value for money	
May 19 2006	More than two stars!	I stayed there for a whole week including a weekend. I took a bed &amp; breakfast promotion by internet, great price. I had a small but more than comfortable bedroom, and had it all; enough for one person and spacious bathroom, tv, coffee maker. Everything so neat and clean. The breakfast of course was included and it was more than I expected, more than a &quot;continental breakfast&quot;. The staff all of young and nice friendly people. The location of the hotel is more than convinient. A few steps from Barkston Gardens to your right it's Earl's Court and aproximately two blocks from that corner ther's the tube station and many bus stops. ATM machines, internet cafés, stores, drugstores, restaurants and there's even a typical british pub in the corner of Earl's Court and the street of the Barkston Gardens. Upfront there's a Mark &amp; Spencer food store. Although a bit far from Picadilly, Oxford Circus, Covent Garden.	
Mar 27 2006	great!	This hotel was pretty good. *The positive*The location is great! It has some really good restaurauts by it, and The Earl's Court Tube Station is about a block away. The hotel staff was very nice and always helped. The hotel in general was in very nice shape--espcially for its price.*the negative*The worst complaint was how hot the room was. It was like summer in our room. We tried to adjust to heater (there is no AC) to be cooler but it was still really hot.The faucet water smells like its from a well. So obviously brushing your teeth was not very fun.*tips*There is a Marks and Spencers (grocery store) which is great to pick up some stuff. Also there is a GREAT pizza restauraunt near the Earl's Court Station--it's great for dinner.Try not to go in March--because its cold and most things are outside.	
Mar 24 2006	great location	The location was great with less than a 5 minute walk to the station, restaurants, pubs, and convenience stores. This was our first time in London and didn't know what to expect.We took the tube from heathrow to the hotel which was very easy. Purchasing the Oyster for zones 1,2 is all that is necessary. It costed 20 pounds for 7 days but you have pay additional to get from Heathrow to the center of the city. Taxi cost is about 35 pounds from Heathrow to the Hotel. The hotel was easy to find using the hotel directions from Earl's court station.The rooms were small, I guess standard for london hotel rooms. The floor boards squeeked and was a bit funny. It would be impossible to sneak up on someone in the hotel. Our room also had squeeky floors which also was funny. The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included in our package which was above average and very convenient. Never tried the dinner menu. We also had breakfast delivered to our room which was delivered in 10 minutes but it costed 2 pounds more.	
Mar 22 2006	Great stay at the Burns	We have just spent a couple of nights at the Burns and found it very convenient just a 2 minute walk from Earls Court underground station. It is in a quiet spot and the staff were exceptionally helpful and friendly. It is not a modern hotel - which suits us - and if I had any complaint it would be squeaky floorboards - so no big problem really. The bar was pleasant and the bar meals reasonable, the full restaurant evening menu was not available on the weekend we stayed so I can't comment on that. The breakfast included in our package was great - plenty of it, freshly cooked, and very tasty, the continental looked good too - plenty of choice.The main thing for me was good location, warm rooms with good facilities for tea/coffee,a lovely bathroom, all cleaned daily to a high standard and most of all the excellent staff, helpful, friendly, efficient and courteous.	
Mar 6 2006	Good value excellent location	This is a good value hotel in an excellent location. We had a quiet room at the back, and friends at the front also enjoyed a quiet couple of nights, as the hotel is off the main road in a residential area. Very small room at the back but clean. All we needed for a couple of nights as we were out all day. The prices in the bar were shocking - walk 2 minutes down the road to Earls Court Road for better value refreshments.	
Mar 5 2006	nice place	The hotel is nice, very good service. We stayed on the first level in small but clean and very conforable room, with twin bed, a desk two armchairs and table, coffè and tea. Nice buffet breakfast with a discrete chioce.3 minutes walking from Earls Court Tube Station.Paid for a last minute offer, excellent value. Overall a nice hotel and will probably book again in the future.	
Feb 10 2006 	not bad at all	I came to like this hotel. On paper, a cheap hotel in London has the potential to be an ordeal.However, after four nights there, I was surely pleased.The hotel is located a couple of minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station - in my opinion, the best way to get around London. It is down a quiet road off Earl's Court Road. There is next to no traffic with consequent quietness.Having arrived there, the receptionist pleasantly and quickly processed my reservation. Getting to the room involved using the ancient elevator to get to the top (fourth) floor.The room was small, but perfectly formed. Bed linen and towels were perfectly clean and the bathroom was sparkling - clean floor, mirror, toilet and sink - quite impressive.The bed was fine but the best feature was the quietness. Being a light sleeper, a pin dropping a block away would normally wake me up. But, I am pleased to say that I rested in peace every night.The only negative is that the floorboards were a bit creaky. Obviously not a problem if you are not moving around, but I was not sure if I was disturbing other guests....Earl's Court itself is a nice area. There is no shortage of restaurants - Thai, Indian, Italian, Chinese, pub food, etc. Safe, too.	
Jan 30 2006	Cheep and cheerful!	The room was small and basic, but perfect for a night's sleep after a long day on the town. Not the sort of room you'd want to spend hours in relaxing - but you are coming to London to see the sights, aren't you, not the inside of a hotel room!The location is a huge plus - on a relatively quiet (I said &quot;relatively&quot; - this is London. If you want quiet go to the countryside) side street just around the corner from Earls Court tube station and with lots of eating and drinking options nearby.I got a rate of 55 pounds including breakfast by booking online, which is as close as you can get to a bargain for central London.I'd definitely stop there again for a leisure trip to London. For business, I'd stop elsewhere - but I wouldn't be spending my own money!	
Jan 25 2006	Good and Cheap	Good location- a 2 min walk from Earls Court. I paid £40 for room for Friday before Xmas from Lastminute which inc. full english breakfast. Our room was small but clean and comfortable and at the back of the hotel so was extremely quiet.If you are quite a large person you will struggle to fit into the bathroom as very small. Ideal for a night away in the city.	
Jan 22 2006	great hotel great location definately come back	I stayed at the Burns Hotel last week and I can truly say that I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel and the location. I had not stayed in the Earls court/Kensington area before. The nearest underground station is a 1 minute walk from the hotel and you can get to piccadilly circus or covent garden in 15 mins. My room was small, but all London hotel rooms are, but very comfortable. It was great to be able to have room service when I returned late at night. I arrived too late for breakfast, but the staff were very friendly and still let me have some continetal breakfast from the buffet. I will recommend this hotel to my friends and will certainly stay again.	
Jan 11 2006	The horror!!! The heat and street noise!!!	In Canada I read there was a sale at the Burns and stayed one night, all I could take, for 69 pounds. The street noise was hellish. The room was stifling and it was impossible to open the window. The room was extremely small with a hostel- sized bed. I could not put the chain on the door because it was broken. One light didn't work. The reception people were lovely. It was the hotel itself that was a big disappointment. I would never stay there again. I fled in the morning.	
Dec 21 2005	Great location shabby interior	Stayed hear for one night on 16/12. Location was great, we were at Earls Court for a concert. The reception is very nice, unfortunately the corridors and room we stayed in wasnt as good, carpets worn and torn (stuck down with tape) and the room was smelly - ok maybe my fault for booking a smoking room but it was quite bad, the bathroom was reasonably clean but lacking in space and needs a good scrub in places. Breakfast was very nice and reception staff friendly. Cant help but think maybe could have got better for £80 a night	
Dec 14 2005	Good price and location	We stayed in a twin room (#401) for three nights. The hotel rate was pretty good - 75 pounds a night including a full breakfast. The hotel is in a convenient location - a short walk from the Earl's Court Underground station as well as a short walk from some pubs and food stores. We really only used the room to sleep and shower. It was an average room by European standards...pretty small, but perfectly functional. The bathroom was tiny, but again, functional. The room was clean and tidy and the beds were comfortable. The hotel itself is run by what I believe is a foreign company...most of the staff were friendly (with the exception of some restaurant staff who were a bit surly). The lifts are very small - we fit two small women and two small suitcases. On departure, I had additional bags and we couldn't fit everything into the lift. But if you've traveled to the UK before and you've stayed in an older hotel, you know this is normal. One of the problems that bothered me was the floor noise - the floors creaked in the hallway so you could hear everyone walk by. It wasn't such a big deal for us since we were at the end of the hallway, but you could hear the next room over creaking as well as the shower running. A big thanks to the folks staying across the hall - we loved hearing you shouting as you arrived back to your room at 3:30am! (not the hotel's fault of course). Another problem was that our room faced the street. It's a residential street, but you can still hear noises like car alarms (which went off the first night), sirens, the trash pickups, etc. I'd recommend asking for a room facing the back of the hotel if possible. Also, be sure to check the number on the info book in the room...I gave my husband the phone number listed on the book and it was for some other hotel in Westminster. Apparently they get a lot of calls for people staying at the Best Western Burns Kensington. In all, it was an okay stay. We were pleased to have a comfy place to sleep for a decent price (by London's standards).	
Oct 17 2005	good triple room 	I stayed 3 nights with 2 adult daughters in a room with 3 single beds - it was on the lower level at the front of the hotel, so the foot traffic along the sidewalk was a bit noisy late in the evening as the windows were open for air as there is no central air &amp; it was a warm week - but other than that it was clean, large bathroom, comfortable. pleasant safe area, we took cabs everywhere as we weren't comfortable with the tube so soon after the trouble they'd had. we'd stay here again happily. didn't use the food services at the hotel. there is internet available until about midnight about 2 blocks away - we felt fine as 3 women walking together along the main streets in the evening. staff was pleasant, elevator tiny.	
Oct 17 2005 	Good value hotel	We stayed at the Burns hotel for two nights while attending an exhibition, as it is very handily situated for both Earls Court and Olympia Exhibition Centres, and is also just around the corner from Earls Court tube. The hotel is on a quiet side street, overlooking Barkston Gardens, and there is a good selection of pubs and restaurants nearby for dining out.Our room was at the back, and was blissfully quiet. Although the room was a little on the small side, it was pleasantly decorated, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom clean and tidy with nice soft towels. The complimentary toiletries are good quality, with shampoo, conditioner, body wash and body lotion supplied, and these are replaced daily.Breakfast was a bit of a let-down. They'd run out of half of the ingredients for the &quot;full english&quot;, and what was available arrived tepid.Check-in staff were pleasant and helpful, although the servers in the dining room could do with a few days at &quot;smile school&quot; - they were a little surly.All in all, a good hotel for the money, and we'd go back if we needed to be in that part of London again.	
Sep 13 2005	A Great Little Hotel!	We stayed in this hotel on two occasions - one night on the 1st August and then we came back after a 2 day trip to Paris, and stayed for 2 more nights. We were pleased with what we paid for - on arrival in London at 6am, after a 17 hour flight, they kindly checked us into a room immediately, even though the official check-in time was 2pm - this was free of charge to us (we didn't have to pay the previous nights' rate like some other hotels). Our room was very small, but it was clean and comfortable. The decor was relatively modern as well.When we checked-in a few days later, we were given a bigger room overlooking the street, with our own little balcony - all at the same price!The staff were friendly and helpful, even allowing us to leave our luggage there for the 2 days that we were in Paris.Breakfast was simple, but nice and the dining area was comfortable. The central location was also great - it was only a 3 minute brisk walk to Earl's Court Station. The neighbourhood was nice, we felt safe and secure.Overall, we would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again here if we were ever in London.	
Aug 26 2005	Small Small Small Rooms	We have stayed at the Burns Hotel several times and so have other members of our family. The staff, breakfast, dinning room, bar and location are some of best in London for a 3* hotel. HOWEVER, beware that the rooms are very small. If you can touch 3 of the 4 walls in room from the bed, the room is too small. Additionally the decor of the rooms has suffered over the years and is in need of fresh paint and furnishing. Our room was particularly bad as it was directly over the kitchen and the staff starts every morning at 4:30 a.m. The clanking of dishes, the smell of frying bacon and the chopping of whatever meant little sleep after 4:30 a.m. If the Burns is to continue to attract guests, they need to knock down some walls, enlarge and redecorate the rooms and buy some air conditioners.	
Jul 29 2005	Loved Every Minute!	The rooms were small, that is true, but contained everything you would need. They were immaculate and the amenities were close to unbelievable for a small space. I stayed ten days and really did love every minute. When we ate at the hotel, the food was delicious and beautifully presented. The staff was superlative! When I go back to London, I am going to stay here again. I won't even look for another hotel. I would also like to mention that I could walk everywhere I wanted to go. This hotel really had a lot to do with what was a wonderful vacation.	
Jul 17 2005 	Not worth it for the price I paid...	I suppose the value of this hotel depends on what you end up paying for it. Having paid the same price I paid for the Holiday Inn Forum, there was simply NO COMPARISON - the same goes for the Cumberland, and many other London hotels that can be had for a price similar to this one's through priceline. The staff here is very nice and helpful, the breakfast is good, and the location is great - just a block away from the Earl's Court station and many shops and restaurants. The rooms, however, are not 3* by any means - and the no air conditioning, plus creaky floors, tight hallways and miniscule bathrooms make it not so great.I would stay here if I had to, but certainly wont' choose it if given other options. If you get a cheap cheap deal on this (under $100), then its ok - but in the U.S., this would be a $40 room.	
Jun 29 2005	Nice Hotel/Staff/Location	I stayed there for 4 nights (6/24 - 6/28/2005). What a nice little hotel! The room was small, but, clean and nicely decorated. I believe the room had recently been refurbished because the bed was firm and the furniture/carpet/bath were in excellent condition. The breakfast was delicious and filling (I tried both the contintental and English ones). The staff was very helpful. Earlier in the week I was staying at a nearby hotel that was not as good in quality and at nearly the same price. The Burns was a much better value (I got a good rate via the internet). Yes, the floors creak, there's no A/C and the lift is small. But, this is a very fine budget hotel in a city notoriously known for lousy inexpensive accommodations. The location is excellent, on a quite sidestreet just off the busy Earl's Court Rd and tube stop. I could get to anywhere in central London in about 15mins by tube. I would definitely stay there again. Nice job, BW Burns Hotel!	
Jun 8 2005	Got Roaches? If Not You Can Find Them Here!	For such a crappy hotel, I can say honestly that the staff were very attentive and professional. Also, the location is great--just off the Earl's Court tube stop and very easy to get to pretty much everything. But that's about all I can say that is positive about this hotel. We arrived on one of the hottest days on record in years in London, only to find that the &quot;air conditioning&quot; the hotel claims to have is only in the hallways (that is, of course, on the rare occasions when they didn't have the heat on). They did provide us with a tiny fan, but it didn't help much. The room was exceedingly small, but we expected that because most European hotels are like that. Be prepared for your feet to hang over the edge of the bed (I'm only 5'7&quot; and mine did...). The beds were also quite lumpy and uncomfortable. On night two, we found a roach practically the size of a car roaming about our room. To be fair, they credited us a few pounds at checkout for that, but that courtesy was later overshadowed by the huge annoyance I experienced as a result of them screwing up the charges on my credit card (see below).On night three, the room reeked of raw sewage. At first we thought it was coming from outside, but it was actually coming from the bathroom. Needless to say, the fan didn't help THAT much, either!Over a week after checkout, I discovered that the hotel had failed to release the hold they placed on my credit card when I checked in (even though they had also charged me THE FULL AMOUNT OF THE STAY when I checked out, thereby taking up double the room on my credit card). Apparently, as I found out after paying for several international calls, the hold is not released until 10 days after they authorize it...which means that this hold will have been on my credit card a total of 25 days by the time it is actually released. They failed to mention that little tidbit when I checked in. My advice: steer clear of the roaches and raw sewage and head for another hotel!	
Apr 19 2005	Perfect for short breaks	The Burns Hotel Kensington is a lovely Edwardian mansion that has been converted into a hotel (a heritage plaque on the front of the building notes that it was once the home of the Victorian actress Ellen Terry.) Although it is part of the Best Western chain, don't let that put you off - the hotel retains its own distinct character and personality and there is nothing synthetic or &quot;chain&quot; about it.The hotel is located on a safe and picturesque square less than a block away from the Earl's Court tube stop. Next to the Tube exit you'll find yourself on a street of &quot;real&quot; shops like Marks &amp; Spencer Food and Boots, not tourist shops or overpriced city grocers. This helps you save a fortune on food and amenities, and allows you to travel light as well.As a converted residence, the scale of the hotel is a bit small. The lift is barely large enough to hold you and your luggage, the hallways are almost comical with their multiple sets of steps and interior doors, and the rooms were perhaps half the size of other London hotel rooms. Then again, why pay a lot of a money for a huge room that's mostly decorative space? The important thing is that the rooms at the Burns Hotel do have all the necessary amenities - wardrobe, TV, desk, tasteful decor, etc - that you can count on with the Best Western chain. My only complaint was that it the room was roasting hot, to the point where I had to open up the window to get air. That said, this was during a heat wave of 29 degrees with high humidity, the sort of weather which Britain rarely experiences, so my discomfort was not really the hotel's fault.Although my room rate included breakfast, a full English buffet is utterly unappealing in a heat wave, so I can't comment on the food.It's not palatial or fancy, but the Burns Hotel Kensington meets all your needs in a clean, safe, and well-serviced setting. Although it might be a bit claustrophobic for longer trips or visits with children in tow, it's perfect for short breaks or for independent travelers.Highly recommended.	
Apr 18 2005	Good Location 	Stayed here in May 2004 before heading to Normandy, France with my dad and uncle (D-Day vets). Good location, near the Earls Court Tube Station, also an internet cafe just around the corner. Could easily get here from Heathrow airport by subway and avoid expense taxis/transfers (my brother, dad, &amp; uncle did without any trouble). Stayed in the basement area, rooms were nice...no A/C but didn't need it. Breakfast was good. Would stay again.	
Feb 14 2005	Good Value	Date of stay - February 2005One of the best features of this hotel is its proximity to the tube station (Earl’s Court), which is just around the corner. The hotel is located on a quiet residential street, but close to lots of restraints, pubs and convenience stores. I was prepared for it, but the room (a single) was indeed small. However, it was comfortable, reasonably clean and had all that I required. I asked for and received a nonsmoking room, which seemed to be one of many. The bilingual staff was helpful and friendly, they even made a reservation for my hotel shuttle. The breakfast (full and continental) was nothing fancy, but just fine and included quite a bit of variety. While you may not choose this hotel for a special trip, it definitely meets the needs of the tourist and is a very good monetary value by London standards.	
Feb 3 2005	value for money	stayed here over a weekend. family room a bit small but adequate. location excellent, 2 mins walk to tube station and 10 mins by tube to central london. parking a nightmare, traffic wardens everywhere. just off the A4 - M4. paid £95 per night for family room sleeping three, including full breakfast which I thought was good value. clean and tidy. Oh and the fire alarm system works ! the alarm went off at midnight and the staff were competent in getting everyone out and the rooms searched.(false alarm) definately stay again.	
Jan 27 2005	Warm and comfortable	Stayed at the end of December for 5 nights. We got a smoking room on the 2nd floor at the back, as non-smoking rooms were not available, but were astonished as neither the room nor the corridor smelled at all. The room was small but cleaned and super quiet. Didn't hear a thing during the whole stay. The radiator in the room was very efficient. We could switch it on and off and regulate the temperature at our convenience. The bathroom was a mini sauna as the towel rail was always boiling hot, but at 3 degrees C outside that wasn't a problem, specially in the morning.Breakfast was very pleasant, with bread, preserves, croissants, fresh fruit juices, yogurt, boiled eggs and cold meats. Staff efficient and attentive.Overall, a comfortable unpretentious hotel with charm. Very convenient for Heathrow airport by tube. At 71GBP per night, we found it good value.	
Jan 3 2005	Crappy!	I wouldn't go back to this hotel if someone PAID me!The staff was nice and all, but one night i saw a homeless person sleeping outside my window.I went and complained but they said they couldn't do anything about it.The food was horrible and the room was no bigger than a closet!	
Dec 5 2004 	Great Value Great Location	I am rating the Burns &quot;Above Average&quot; based on the value you get for your £! The hotel is clean, the staff extremely pleasant and helpful. Internet special rates start at £55 per night, and INCLUDES a FULL English breakfast each day. Rooms are small but adequate and clean. Location is superb, only 1.5 short blocks to the Earls Court Tube Station.There is internet access in the lobby, and the restaurant and bar are of better-than-average quality. Lift can only accomodate 2 people with little baggage. On a scale of 1-10, the Best Western Burns is definitely an 8or 9 when considering the value. I would highly recommend the Burns to the budget conscious traveller.	
Nov 30 2004	Good location.	Stayed here for 2 nights in november. Great location, just around the corner from the Earls Court tube. Quiet street. Floors and walls are paper thin, so didnt appreciate the people tap dancing in the room above us. Smallish rooms, but coming from Europe, we expected it.About average.	
Oct 24 2004	About what I expected	Given the reviews that I had seen of this hotel, I have to say I got exactly what I paid for. I stayed for 5 nights in October with a friend. Yes, the floor squeaked and the room was small, but that was to be expected. The hotel staff was amazingly friendly and accomodating (our request for a larger room was handled without fuss). The hotel was clean if a bit worn, the bathroom good-sized w/ plenty of hot water. From what I've heard, you're not going to get a large room in London unless you pay a premium price. At about 85 pounds per night including full breakfast, I don't think you'd find much better. And the location is great...just far enough removed from busy Earl's Court that you don't have a lot of traffic/pub noise, but close enough to make getting around extremely convenient!	
Oct 18 2004	Cramped but OK	We stayed at the hotel from 15 Sept to 19 Sept, 2004 with breakfast included. Our double bed room was small... barely enough room to go around the bed! The floors were very squeaky, and the small elevator can be a challenge for two people with luggage. The bed was not the most comfortable, as I could sometimes feel the bed springs. However, the bathroom was adequate, and our breakfast was very good... good way to start the day! Earls Court Tube Station was a convenient 5 min from the hotel, and Earls Court Road has groceries, banks, restaurants, etc.Overall, it was an OK stay. I'd look around before staying here again, but if it came to it, I wouldn't mind.	
Sep 21 2004	not recommended	Best Western? Worst Western is more like it, though it pains me to say it. Do yourself a favor and don’t even consider this place. Here’s why: I stayed at the Best Western Burns in Kensington for two nights in September 2004. The single room was very, very small, but that’s to be expected. (The bathroom was so small, in fact, that they couldn’t fit the hair drier inside. It was fixed to the wall of the main room directly above the desk.) The hotel was an easy, though not entirely obvious, walk from the tube and far enough off of busy Earl’s Court Road not to have the traffic noise. The staff was quite friendly and front rooms overlook a park, which can be quite pleasant at least when screaming children are not in it.However, my non-smoking room smelled strongly of smoke … or maybe it was dust. Frankly, my sense of smell has deteriorated quite a bit and I have a hard time distinguishing the two. Nonetheless, the odor was strong enough to cause my eyes to burn and give me a headache within 20 minutes of checking in. Other problems - no in-room air conditioning, grease-stained and crumb-filled seats in the breakfast area, an uncomfortably hard mattress that left me with a stiff back each morning, a poisoned “Predator pest control” trap (for mice?) between the bed and the wall just a foot or so below where I lay my head at night, extremely squeaky floorboards both in the halls and in the rooms, minor chipping and pealing of the paint and wall paper, a half-used cake of soap leftover in the shower from a previous guest, and someone else’s nail clippings (yuck!) on the stained, faded, threadbare carpet. If you want to stay in this general area of London, I’d recommend the Holiday Inn, Hilton Olympia, or Hilton Kensington at Holland Park - the latter of which I checked into when I fled the Burns two days into my five day stay.	
Sep 8 2004	Good place to stay	Using Tripadvisor, I was able to research several hotels in the London area. I decided to choose this hotel because of the good reviews. Getting to the hotel was very easy using the underground. The closest tube station is about 1 block away. Upon arrival, I was greeted by a very helpful staff. I had arrived about 2 hours early and my room was not ready yet but was given another room right away. The lift is very small but worked great. The room was very small and there is no air conditioner but I was prepared. There was no problem with hot or cold water during my entire stay. The only problem that I had was that the floor creaks very loudly. My room rate included breakfast every morning. The food was prepared very well and the dining area was nice. I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 16 2004	The Burns Hotel is a Good Buy	My father and I stayed at the Burns Hotel for two nights in early August. We both had single rooms which were well furnished and of satisfactory size. The bathrooms were roomy and equipped with bath tubs. Since this was at a hot time of the year, we requested rooms in the back that didn't get the morning sun. In addition the staff provided fans that were a big help. The breakfast with our room rate was the full English breakfast which was very filling and served in the cheerful air-conditioned diningroom. We booked the hotel through Best Western International and for 49 pounds per room per night with full English breakfast this was a real bargain. The hotel is well located near the Earl's Court tube in addition to being close to many inexpensive eateries.	
Aug 8 2004	Okay..but not in the summer	i stayed at the burns this spring (early may) for 5 nights. unfortunately the strength of the pound did not make this a deal. the hotel was a close to the tube and on a nice block. the room was a decent size by european standards but the beds were a terrible; you could feel the cross bars in the mattress. however, the staff was very nice and on the 3 night i was given an extra comforter that was a nice cushion for the bad mattress. fortunately the weather was still very nice, but with no a/c i could not image staying here in warmer weather. the breakfast buffet is pretty good. i don’t think i would return.	
Jun 23 2004	Great Stay at the Burns Hotel!	We stayed at the Burns Hotel for six nights in late May-early June and really liked this hotel! We even started calling it &quot;home.&quot; A brief warning -- not all rooms are equal size...we had to play &quot;room roulette&quot; for awhile and finally they found us a suitable room! The first one we were shown was the size of a closet (I'm not kidding)! The breakfast was outstanding...in fact, any meals we ate at the hotel were delicious. Loved the quaint bar at the end of the day...only one night was it crowded (well, they need to make money, too!). Yes, the floors creak...not a big problem! The street is quiet and the park across the street made for a pleasant location. Earls Court tube stop just down the street and around the corner. The location had lots of shops and restaurants -- Zizzi (sp?) was great for Italian! Try it! Neighborhood is not an &quot;upscale&quot; area, but a REALLY nice area to stay! I would highly recommend the Burns Hotel and would definitely stay there again (and probably will!). 	
Jun 8 2004	Really liked the Best Western Burns Hotel		
Apr 16 2004	charming		
Mar 22 2004	Get a 115.00 pound room for 75.00 pounds		
Mar 13 2004	Very pleasant place shame about the water!!		
Feb 24 2004	A lucky find at the last minute		
Jan 7 2004	Look no further...		
Oct 18 2003	went out of his way to get us information when we wanted something. 		
Oct 18 2003	??????		
Nov 12 2009 	Super zufrieden		
Nov 5 2009 	Hotelbewertung		
Sep 26 2009 	????????????????????		
Sep 26 2009 	très bien situé et calme		
Aug 17 2009 	bella via		
Jul 8 2009 	Assolutamente da evitare		
May 4 2009 	Molto soddisfatti		
Apr 14 2009 	Recepción servicio excelente comedor no tanto		
Apr 6 2009 	parfait		
Dec 24 2008 	Sehr ordentliches Budget-Hotel in London		
Oct 1 2008 	Bon rapport qualité-rpix pas de mauvaise surprise.		
Aug 20 2008 	Durchaus positiv		
Apr 26 2008 	Nel complesso un buon hotel		
Apr 10 2007	empfehlenswertes Hotel in guter Lage		
Aug 4 2006	ottimo!		
Jun 19 2006	Noooooo!!!!		
