	I don't understand what the other reviews are complaining about.	I don't know what people expect, after reading the reviews I was a worried! It is hard to find a hotel of reasonable quality for less than £190 per night plus breakfastT for a single room. This hotel is a great price and is in an expensive location with lots of restaurants close by if you do not want to go far. For the money, it could not be faulted. It's not the best hotel in London but it is great value. Hotel looks great from the outside and reception is comfortable and inviting with sofa's and newspapers handy. My room was very clean, a small bath (which I would not have used) but otherwise excellent, slightly faded but that was the worst of it. Breakfast was good and was included in the room price. I was very happy and assuming that the price does not increase dramatically will stay here regularly.	
	Great place to stay and in a great location.	I was very impressed with this hotel. My friend and I booked a room here online through a third-party travel agency, but because of what I assume to be a communication issue between the agency and the hotel, the hotel got overbooked. When we went to check in they informed us of the problem but said that they would do everything they could to find us another room. It took a couple hours while we were out and about, but they found us another room despite the fact that all of the hotels were booked solid in London, refunded our money, and got us a private car to the other hotel which was a few miles outside the city (which we expected). Because it was kind of out of the way, they let us get ready in the lobby bathrooms, lent me a hairdrier to fix my hair, gave us free drinks, and watched our luggage for us while we went out. On top of that, the owner of the hotel happened to be in the lobby where he watched the entire process and talked to us personally and said that he really appreciated the way we handled the whole thing without getting angry at the staff and offerred us a free room the next night if we could spend another night in London (we were supposed to go back to Chichester) and free breakfast at his favorite breakfast place both mornings. When we returned the next day to check into our free room, we found out he gave us the second best room in the hotel (the best one was booked). The room service was prompt and delicious, the room was immaculate, the bed was extremely comfortable, and every staff person we encountered throughout the whole process was very friendly. I definitely plan on staying here the next time I'm in London and would recommend it despite the minor communication error.	
Nov 25 2009	Incompetently Run Hotel All Beware	I was booked into this hotel by the Hilton Premium Elite scheme because the Park Lane was fully booked, this booking was for three rooms and was made five weeks before our due date. When we went to check in we were told we they were over booked (we apparently were one of 20 people) and would transfer us to their sister hotel The Knightsbridge Green Hotel. We were assured we would have a suite with three separate bedrooms. On arrival we thought this does not look right and when we saw the room this was confirmed. This alternative is a dump proably dangerous with electrical wiring hanging down in the corridor. Plight solved by Coutts Conciege service.	
Nov 12 2009 	Never Again.	My husband had booked this stay as a 40th birthday surprise for me,what a terrible let down!! staff very unfriendly, never smile! room was so cold we had to sleep in our t-shirts,wallpaper peeling off all four walls !! bathroom really tatty and shower useless.never again.	
Nov 12 2009 	This is not a 4 star hotel!	Booked this through last minute (Secret Hotel) and very glad i didnt pay anywhere near the full price. I had stayed one night for work at the Tower Bridge Travel Inn, ( to be honest i wish i'd just stayed on there) and thought as my wife was joining me for the weekend i'd get something a bit nicer for the Friday/Saturday night.Room was small bathroom smaller the heating was broken (A small oil filled radiator kept the room cosy but took up more of the limited floor space but at least didnt make any noise) and the window wouldnt lock. Room was clean and tidy just not up to what i was expecting! Previously stayed at the Clarges Mews Hotel round the corner which was lovely and expected something similar.	
Nov 12 2009 	Believe the bad reviews do not book into this hotel	This hotel was organised for me through work, I read the reviews on Trip Advisor, but thought I'd give them the benefit of the doubt. That was a big mistake. Upon arrival, it was soon clear there were going to be problems. They couldn't find our booking and the women on Reception gave each other furtive glances and talked about us behind their hands. I was then told 'I was lucky as it looked like I was being upgraded'. By this time I realised the comments on Trip Advisor are correct. They shipped us off to their sister hotel in Knightsbridge. They said this was 5 star, had just been upgraded and was 5 minutes away, the Knightsbridge Green. This was all a load of bull. It was a 15 minute drive away, we had chosen the Park Mews because of its location. It was scruffy and dirty. The people on reception there then told us teh rooms hadn't been paid for, even though my company had paid for all teh rooms up front and they tried to charge us an inflated rate.I hated the whole experience and felt like I was being conned through teh whole process. Thank god I was only booked in for one night and at least my company paid. I pity visitors to London who check into either of these hotwls.	
Nov 9 2009 	The reviews are totally true	This is definetly not a four star hotel. It is dirty, haggard and cold. I think it was probably a four star hotel 10 years ago but certainly not now. The hotel looks nice on the outside but as soon as you walk in you notice that the whole place needs a refurb. I don't usually comment on hotels but I really feel the hotel staff need to sit up and reads these reviews and act on them. This hotel could be nice with TLC.	
Nov 8 2009 	Dreadful!	What a dreadful hotel. Dirty carpets, cold, crappy TV, unfriendly staff, shabby shabby room. I could go on but I don't want to. I just have to use up my 50 characters. No way is this even a 3 star hotel. Do NOT stay here. Ever.	
Nov 6 2009 	worst hotel in london	I must say i am really disappointed with this hotel, i booked it for a director and this was one of the worst mistakes of my life. The staff was terrible they did not give a ... about the guest. The rooms were cold and rugs were filthy. The manager was terrible and rude to me and to their guest. Firstly the internet was not working, secondly the rugs were dirty, the whole staff was really rude and unhelpful. Just please stay away from that hotel. I still cannot sleep at night because i feel so bad that my director had to go through all this.	
Oct 27 2009 	Didn't even get that far!!	We live in Devon and as a surprise Birthday for my husband (his 50th) I had booked 2 nights for us both to stay at your hotel, which we arranged weeks ago. After seeing it on the website we thought what a wonderful hotel it looked and were so excited about staying there, especially as there was nothing as luxurious down where we live. At 6.30 pm on the Friday night we get a call on our mobile to say that they have 'over-booked' and that they are moving us to 'The Knightsbridge Green' hotel in Knightsbridge. We argued our case and expressed our discontent at being informed so late but were totally helpless to do anything at that stage as we were on our way. When we got to the so-called 'sister hotel' our first impressions of the hotel were: shabby, dirty entrance hall, open lift exposing cables (quite frightening) with a splodgy paint technique which was very unbecoming , wallpaper peeling off, sparse furniture, and most oddly - no dining room, and they claim to be a 4 star hotel!! We were informed we could only have a continental breakfast which we had to eat in our rooms! They upgraded us to a luxury double with ensuite sitting room for no extra cost, however, the room had no view, it was hot and claustraphobic and there were no paintings on the wall (no money spared for any comforts), or table/chairs to eat our breakfast only a sofa. We had no choice but to accept as by now it was 09.30 pm.We definitely feel ripped off and in future will only be staying in the reliable 'Premier Inn' which are all over England and good value for money and very comfortable. We will also be adding this note onto the review section for 'The Knightsbridge Green Hotel'. By the sounds of the other reviews this is also a big 'NO NO'.	
Oct 20 2009 	Hospitable Location Inhospital Receptionists	We have stayed at this hotel numerous times. The Mayfair location is terrific for restaurants, walking to the theater, shopping at Harrods or Harvey Nichols and even Oxford Street. The location and price is what brings us back to this small hotel. It is located on a back street and is very quiet, though the rooms need a bit of updating, they are clean. It has improved since our last visit w/ new wallpaper and tiled bath.One never realizes the importance of hospitality until a lack of courtesy is shown. We arrived and the receptionists could not find our reservation. Luckily, we had printed our confirmation and after a two and a half hour wait, which included our leaving and returning, we were given a room. To her credit, she did allow us to have the room earlier than the usual 2:00. The receptionist on duty and her trainee were the most disagreeable hotel staff I have ever encountered. She even muttered an obscenity about her computer in our presence. If she had not treated another guest w/ equal disdain, I would have taken her attitude personally. In the two days we stayed there, I only heard her say, &quot;Thank you&quot; once! These two employees could benefit from some hotel hospitality training, simple courteousness goes a long way in a hotel's reputation.Despite my negative comments, I would recommend this hotel because of the Mayfair location and proximity to shopping, entertainment and restaurants.	
Oct 11 2009 	Faulty Towers "London" Worst Ever Hotel !	I had the unfortunate pleasure of staying here on a recent trip to London, I'm a general manager of a global customer service company that relies upon repeat business, where do I start! front desk staff appear to have no training and are rude when they are placed under any work load, more interested in chatting looking after their nails and treating seasoned travellers as children. The Bed in the room might as well have been removed and a simple blanket placed on the floor, if you sleep at the back of the building then expect the local flat to start partying at 330am, everyday! at the front the local business shift workers also finish at 3am, on checkout I was assured that my Amex had been charged once only to find a week later it had been charged twice, I have no faith that the hotel could detect this let alone refund it, this is of course after disputing the room rates that changed as my unfortunate stay continued. Just imagine ordering food in the restaurant maybe a Waldorf salad in keeping with Faulty Towers !	
Oct 1 2009 	Don't book here under any circumstances	I booked a night at this hotel through laterooms.com.When I arrived they told me they were full, and offered to move me to anotherafter 50 minutes of fruitless waiting I gave up and booked another hotel myselfWhen I asked for a refund (of the original cost, NOT the true cost to me) I was offered halfTo be helpful I offered to take a free night. No go either.So if I were you, be very, very careful when booking here	
Aug 29 2009 	I was an idiot not to check out immediately!	This has to be the WORST hotel I've stayed in! I travel to London regularly with work and stay in a variety of hotels around he city depdning on the location of my meetings. On arrival outside the hotel is actually looks quite nice - my advice to you, stay outside, keep walking and check in somewhere else!The reception staff lacked any sort of customer service training, room key cards are quite literally available 'on the reception' and could be quite easily programmed for any room in the hotel - great news for thieves!Room: Probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Bathroom door could only just be shut without need to have to stand in the bath. Paintwork was peeling and the shower , which was positioned so far away from the edge of the bath it was almost impossible to stand under, just trickled. Carpets were dirty also!Ladies - I would say take a hair dryer with you as the wiring on the one provided was nothing short of dangerous however don't expect to be able to plug in any electrical items - the sockets are located so close to the dressing surface it is almost impossible to plug anything in.Air conditioning didn't work so the only choices are window open + outside noise or window closed + sweating in bed.I have to however take my hat off to whoever came up with the ingenious idea of sawing a single door in half from top to bottom and sticking two handles on it to make 'wardrobe' doors - shame that the cut was wonky but it gave me a laugh all the same!I did make a complaint to the hotel 'manager' via phone a few days later however the person I spoke to called me 'an idiot' ... he was right! I was a total idiot not to have marched downstairs on seeing my terrible rooms, demand my money back and then check in somewhere else! Don't make the same mistake!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Not worth the money!	The hotel is well situated and quiet, but not what I would expect from a 4 star hotel. The rooms are small, and shabby- the paintwork throughout is in serious need of some TLC.The carpet in the bedroom was stained, as was the throw on the bed. The ceiling in the bathroom was mouldy, and the shower just trickled. I was very disappointed, as my husband had booked this as a suprise.	
Aug 11 2009 	great location	I’am a lawyer from New Delhi , India , and I was in London recently for a holiday . I stayed at the Park Lane Mews Hotel . The location of the hotel is fantastic. It is almost opposite Hyde Park and it is walking distance from Buckingham Palace and Piccadilly .It is quite close (I walked ) to Oxford Street , Regent Street, Marble Arch and Knightsbridge. The other important London land marks such as Trafalgar Square, Parliament House and Westminster Abbey are at a convenient distance. This hotel is in Mayfair , right in the heart of London. There are excellent restaurants nearby , even for a vegetarian like me. The staff at the hotel are friendly. But the standard single room I had was very small. The ceilings are very low. There was only one elevator working most of the time I was there and even that was creaking . The cable TV was mostly not working. But the room was clean and the bathroom was convenient. Not a great hotel in terms of facilities, but great for its location. I was out most of the time touring the city and returned to the room briefly to freshen up and go out again and of course came back at night to sleep. The hotel can definitely be brightened up. I do not know whether it can be classed as four star.	
Aug 9 2009 	My advise is stay away This is not a four star hotel	We booked this hotel as my husband had stayed on business 2 years ago and said location was good and hotel was ok....HOW WRONG COULD HE BE!! upon arrival we checked in early and the front desk were very professional and welcoming although he told us the room for 3 people that we had booked and already paid for was really small and the 3rd bed would only just fit in the room with no space to spare...that was very true. The room was really shabby, dirty and torn wallpaper, Stained bath tub which was so small a bath would have been almost impossible unless you are a child and the beds fitted side by side with no extra space between at all. The room had obviously had smokers in it as it was very unfresh and smelled of tobacco. When the chambermaid came to make up the third bed she brought a duvet which was covered in dried in blood and i mean it must have been a stain of about 36&quot; by 24&quot; - HOW DISCUSTING!! obviously we would have complained but before we got the chance she said it was no good as it was a double duver and the cover was only single....no mention of the dried in blood stain. The airconditioning did not work and as it was around 25degrees we woke up tossing and turning all night as we were so so hot. Usually we would have complained but as we were only staying one night and its the high season and getting somewhere else at short notice would have been almost impossible we decided to stay put. The location of the hotel is ok but there are many hotels closer to the action of london. Saving grace was breakfast which was very nice, full english and the staff were most polite. in a nutshell i would not ever stay here again even if it was free. Please do yourself a favor and book something else.	
Aug 1 2009 	terrible	I spent 30 minutes in this hotel and then I left - even if the room was prepaid. The room was very dirty and AC was not working. Staff was friendly but not able to help in any way.Do not go there!	
Jul 21 2009 	Disaster	Overprised with old ugly furniture, bed is terrible, TV is not working. I paid 125 pound and i feel ripped off.	
Jul 8 2009 	Better than expected	Ok, We booked this hotel through last minute.com. We thought we would try their mystery boutique hotel offer, which was a first for us. Anyway, try we did and the outcome was that we had booked 1 night at the park lane mews hotel, which cost £114.00 for 1 night. We quickly checked the reviews on the holy grail, which is trip advisor, and wished we hadn't. It seemed nobody had a good word to say about this hotel. Surely it wasn't that bad? We arrived at the hotel arround 20:10 on Monday 6th July 2009. Check-in was straight forward and we were allocated room 311. On entering the room the first impresions were ok. However, the air conditioning system was not working so I went back to reception and asked for another room, which did have air con. Reception dealt with this promptly and allocated me another room directly opposite, which did have perfectly working AC and also a bigger bed. (no extra charge)As always, the reviews I had read on trip advisor were always at the back of my mind but we were only staying 1 night. I have to agree with some of the reviews I read. This is not a 4 star hotel. The location is fantastic. I would also agree that this hotel does look a bit shabby and I'm hoping the planned refurbishment at the end of July will do this hotel justice. The park lane mews hotel really does have the potential to be a fantastic hotel. I personally would not recommend this hotel in it's current state on the basis it's not a 4 star hotel. I will follow the progress of the planned refurbishment with interest. I probably will return if it's brought up to standard.	
Jul 1 2009 	pathetic 	We have visited this hotel with my colleagues in second fortnight of June 2009. It was really nice looking hotel from outside but when we entered the hotel problems started. Firstly the lhotel staff on reception asked my credit card for pre authorisation saying there will be no charge on the card, however charge came on his card &amp; then short refund around 45-50 pound came. Also the basic amenities like Air conditioners &amp; entertainment channels on TV were not working. The food in the restaurant is too costly.After paying such huge rent, we didn't expect such a poor service from hotel...It was really ridiculous &amp; we will never go in this hotel again	
Jun 30 2009 	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in disgraceful	In London for a treat and needed a central location... 4 star hotel with nice exterior just off Park Lane, what could be better I thought... every other hotel in the world is the answer.Ornamental receptionists obviously reserve any charm or smile for others. The room was the size of a matchbox, huge wear and tear in the bath enamel looked like an enormous skidmark, carpet marked by where the bedside cabinet had been but of course... no bedside cabinet. Lift out of order. Refused to photocopy in their scan printer one sheet of A4 with the reply 'try the business centre down the road'... good bloody idea at ten past midnight on a Sunday night.Sunday was a hot night in London, times that by about 8 and you can begin to gauge the tempertaure in the Park Lane Mews Sauna as it should be renamed.Hey ho, Monday is another day and on a bright note we are checking out. Do you do cashback on my bank card so I can pay the taxi that I booked with you last night. Of course... no cashback available and no record of anyone ordering a taxi; fantastic, late to work because of this rabble as well. Oh yes, just to add the final insult... 'would you please book me a taxi this morning then'? 'Sorry Sir the line is engaged; why don't you try the taxis round by The Hilton, they accept credit cards'. I bet they do.In short, never ever stay at this hotel. Five nights in the Travelodge at the same price would seem like heaven. Alright the receptionists there don't always look like supermodels but at least their facial muscles work and they try and help the customer have a constructive stay.First review of anything I have ever written... it was that bad and I'm that angry.	
Jun 22 2009 	very disappointing	Came to London for a special night out at the Dorchester and this hotel was just around the corner. The website looked good so we booked three rooms for our party. They were all horrid. Cobwebs, stained carpets, very tired furniture, dirty scuffed walls. We paid extra for a king size bed, and that's all you got - a bigger bed in a very small room! Our friends room smelt of stale food and cigarettes. THIS IS NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL. We complained and were given the 'Mayfair Suite', I would have been gutted if we had paid for it, it was just the same as the other rooms, broken and tired.	
Jun 4 2009 	Appalling customer care - would not recommend!	We stayed at the Park Lane Mews Hotel for 1 night. Having been reassured by the receptionist the following morning that we could leave our luggage behind reception for us to collect later that day, we were disappointed to find that our luggage had been left in the open reception area all day! It came as no surprise that one of our bags had been stolen - a laptop. We asked the receptionist what the protocol was for reporting stolen property, but the hotel was not interested at all. I suggested that since there was a camera in the reception area, that they contact the police and provide the film footage. We were told by an unapologetic member of staff that she didn't have access to the film footage and did not even have the courtesy to contact the police! We were told that she didn't know a laptop bag containing a laptop would be expensive to store behind reception!After arriving back home, we tried a number of times to speak to someone at the hotel about what had happened. Despite a number of emails and phone calls, no-one ever came back to us as promised. After 2 letters, they finally made contact to simply say they were not responsible but no apology or even to say they had helped with the policy query.The hotel was not interested that there had been a burglar on their premises! The absolute lack of interest they showed to us and the negligence of their staff by not putting our luggage behind reception as requested is indication of their lack of commitment to customer care.	
May 25 2009 	Couple bad impressions	This hotel has a strong pros and (to my mind) strong cons. Location is absolutely great, my favourite in London. However rooms are small and unequipped, for real 4* hotel must be better for sure. Staff was very friendly, however (and that killed my any good impressions) - I was billed for the phone call I've never made. I was told it had been made from my room and 8 pounds has been charged despite my protests. It was when I was checking out at 5 am, I left my card and email asking to find out and contact me - later i found they charged my card and closed this issue and I never heard from them again. Actually I know there was some guy fixing the lock in my room that day (not sure it was him, maybe someone else, but not me!). It was little money but bad feeling left.	
May 21 2009 	Take earplugs if you want to actually sleep not up to 4* standard	In London for the Moonwalk in Hyde Park so location could not have been more convenient and we were lucky to get room on air miles. I would have been disappointed to have paid the internet rate. Room was fine, small but clean, we changed and went out. Coming back at 4am extremely tired after walking 13 miles found lorries reloading from function in nearby Hilton then dustbin lorries totally prevented sleep. COnstant noise of lorries adn shouting workmen for next 5 hours. Gave up and went for shower, only to find shower only ran extremely hot. Any attempt to lower temp and no pressure for cold water so it stopped. Bathroom a bit shabby and needed refurbishment urgently. At breakfast, a table was set for us and when we got up to help ourselves at buffet, someone else came and sat down in our place and started eating. After they were moved elsewhere (no apologies offered) it then took another 20 minutes to get more napkins, cutlery, coffee etc. Why not have a sign for ignorant guests saying 'Please wait to be seated'. Despite all this, this is still a great bolthole for Moonwalkers provided they have earplugs and don't mind extremely hot showers so I have to recommend - plus the staff were very friendly.	
Mar 1 2009 	OK Definately not 4* Standard would look elsewhere next time	Booked through lastminute.com as a &quot;TopSecret 4* Mayfair Hotel&quot;.Was very excited and researched a few 4* in the area and was hopefull for one i had seen. Was advertised as a 4* Boutique hotel in Mayfair.Arrived at Park Lane Mews Hotel and was a little dissapointed with the outside, then more so inside.The Check in was smooth enough. The room was pretty small. The Window did not close/lock properly. The Tv reception was not clear, All 5 channels were not fully received, The TV services did not work at all.The Water pressure was VERY VERY POOR, the extractor in the bathroom was a hole in the wall next to the shower head with a pipe...very bad and dusty!The positives were: Nice (Small) bed, Nice Sheets &amp; 2 pillows!!	
Feb 24 2009 	There are better hotels in london than this one!	I was treated to what was supposed to be a romantic valentine weekend and sadly we were very disappointed with this hotel. It states it is 4 star.... no way! When we arrived, the staff were very friendly, however when we were shown to our room, 300..... the bed was something else! .... springs were showing through the mattress...and stains were on the headboard! ..... really not nice. The decor was very dated and shabby, just a duvet cover... no throw./cushions??? As for the television, whilst they have updated to flat screens, they have ripped out the old tv in the cabinets and left nasty wiring behind.... We went back down to reception and enquired to see if another room was availiable, we were then given a choice of a further two rooms, both of which were neither really any better. Luckily we were staying just for one evening, so decided to make the best of a bad job. Breakfast was ok.... nothing special... the cooked one not that hot... no eggs and no crossaints... just some small muffins.. Then when we thought we could spend a bit of time shopping and enjoying our second day in the city we were told our bags could only be left for an hour! And that was at our risk sat in the lobby. We were advised that they did not ahve a facility to store them... so our romantic trip was cut short and we had no option but to go home!!! Would we reccomend this hotel.... definately not worth the money and no... better rooms in a travel lodge!	
Feb 15 2009 	Lovely Location	Super location, nice quiet area close to Park Lane, Kensington, Hyde Park,. Lovely front of house, pretty, cosy little restaurant, staff very friendly, nice and helpful. De-luxe room a good size but furniture/fittings a bit shabby. Cleaniness second to none - everything was very clean. Only real criticism is the food - awful. We don't have particularly high expectations of hotel food in general unless paying 5* prices but the Valentine's night dinner we had was the worst food either of us have eaten in a hotel. The set dinner menu was boring, the food was mostly tasteless and cold, the creme brulee was more like a condensed milk jelly, freezing cold and set hard (as was the butter that came with our bread rolls). We did ask if we could pay extra and order from the A La Carte menu (which was also mostly unappealing but not quite as much as the set menu) but the man in charge of the restaurant said the Chef was far too busy on Valetine's night to cook off the regular menu - this was 19:30 on a Saturday night with only 4 tables of 2 eating at the time. Fortunately plenty of other places to eat around the hotel in Shepherd Market area - use them if you stay here. We got a good deal with Late Rooms which made the weekend stay value for money, had we paid the full tariff I would have complained bitterly.	
Feb 4 2009 	best of luck	just as the title says...best of luck.poor water pressurefaulty heatingpoor staffold rooms etc etc etc	
Jan 22 2009 	Disappointing - Certainly Not 4* Standard	We stayed at the Park Lane Mews Hotel for one night in December ‘08. Upon arriving at the ‘4 Star Boutique Hotel’ that lastminute.com had promised us, we were advised that a room would be available immediately which was a bonus as we had a day of Christmas shopping ahead! However, there our positive experience ended abruptly. Our room was very small and tired looking…tears and marks on the wallpaper, chips in the furniture etc. We put our clothes in the wardrobe only to take them straight back out again as it there were damp patches and it was freezing cold! The Bathroom was no better…the shower was so blocked of lime scale and build up, that hardly any water came out. There was a nasty stain/crack in the middle of the bath as well as a hole around the light fixture in the ceiling. The whole bathroom just felt dirty and tired. The temperature in the room was ridiculous – freezing cold all night. We had to turn off the heater due to the loud noises it made and instead switched on the portable heater next which was located next to the bed, which was not much better…or warmer for that matter. As we had a room only rate, we did not experience breakfast etc. Upon checking out, we asked to leave our luggage with the hotels’ concierge only to be told by the (very loud) male receptionist that they did not have a concierge or any - as we would consider -safe storage space (i.e. a cupboard/room). Not what you would expect of a 4* hotel! Instead, we were advised to leave our small case in the reception/lounge area where several other luggage items were scattered. After some deliberation, rather than carrying our case around with us all day we opted to leave this at the hotel. Upon returning several hours later, our case was no where to be seen. We asked the Receptionist as to its whereabouts, who then left the hotel through the front door and returned with our bag about five minutes later…no explanation etc as to where it went. The two receptionists then proceed to have a heated discussion around ‘who hadn’t locked the door’ – we sincerely hope not to the luggage room! During this time we heard the remaining reception staff loudly discussing their social plans and complaining about another member of staff! Had we been asked by the hotel staff as to whether our stay was comfortable or if there were any issues, we would have shared our comments with them directly...unfortunately, we were not asked at all. The only good thing about our stay at this hotel was the location – it was fairly quiet for central London and positioned closely to the main tourist attractions and has tube/bus connections all around. We have been fortunate enough to stay at many 4 and 5 hotels in central London, and unfortunately our experience at the Park Lane Mews hotel was the worst by far. Overall, a ‘four star, boutique hotel’ experience…sadly, this was not.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Location! Great Staff but could improve room facilities	We arrived on New Year's eve &amp; spent 5 nights. It was great for getting around. Extremely central - tube within walking distance and public transport in general. However, on one of the mornings there was no hot water at all - this meant if you had a serious business meeting, you were in huge trouble. The water was ICE COLD. The mattresses within the rooms need to be replaced asap. If you have any sort of back problems or are exhausted and need a comfortable bed, this is not the hotel to choose.	
Jan 3 2009 	Perfect locationNice hotel	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com as we were going to see Prince at the O2 Arena.A weekend away without the kids!The hotel was very nice.Waited a while for our room to be ready even tho we arrived at the time they said.The room was lovely with a flat screen tv and the queen size bed was fantastic with lovely clean linen &amp; dreamy Molten brown toiletries.Picadilly circus was buzzing at 1am.Great location for tube station and we had a lovely walk round Hyde Park after our cooked buffet breakfast.Would definately stay again!Theres no place like LONDON :)	
Dec 8 2008 	Patchy hotel in a great location	We booked this hotel through Lastminute.com as one of their &quot;Top Secret&quot; hotels. I've no doubt that this meant that we got a lower standard room than if we'd booked with the hotel direct and paid their standard rack rate. I'm fine with that, but I still have certain minimum standards for a hotel and the Park Lane Mews didn't quite meet them.If a hotel is in a location and charges a price that suits me, then (as long as I'm not being charged for something particularly special that I don't get) I'm OK provided I get four things, especially when I'm only staying there one night. A clean room; at a comfortable temperature; with a comfortable bed; and a good hot shower or bath. The Park Lane Mews only managed three, which is simply not good enough for a hotel that claims to be four star. OK, so we didn't get up till 9am (breakfast wasn't included and we weren't in any hurry), but I'd still expect a 4 star hotel to be able to provide sufficient hot water for all their guests. It wasn't even lukewarm. The water from the hot taps in the basin and bath was barely distinguishable from that from the cold taps. I would describe it as off-cold!The decor in the room was also a little tired. I wouldn't go as far as to say shabby, but it was heading in that direction. The carpet, though clean, had a worn and greyish look that spoke of its age. The corners of the wallpaper were peeling a little, and there was a chip in the bath. Nothing very bad, and entirely livable with, but not quite what I'd expect for a 4 star hotel in Mayfair. The renovations spoken of in the manager's responses here are, I would suggest, well overdue.The sound insulation within the hotel was also poor. Fortunately, our neighbours were considerate, but my still-sleeping husband was woken up with a start when the doorbell of the room next door was rung at 7am - he thought it was ours and it was certainly loud enough to be a possibility. We were then able to hear, fairly clearly, the conversation of the people in that room. If they had spoken a language I understand, I would probably have been able to make out just about every word. And they were obviously just speaking in normal voices. I'd hate to be staying there with noisy people in a neighbouring room.When we mentioned the lack of hot water on checking out (there really wasn't any point in mentioning it before - we weren't staying and it was hardly something that there'd be a quick fix for), the receptionist thanked us for telling her, but I got the impression that she didn't really understand why we were telling her, that the message wouldn't be passed on, and we didn't even get an apology. I had very little to do with the staff (my husband arrived before me and checked in), but this one experience did not impress me. While an apology fixes nothing, it does at least give the impression that the staff care whether their guests are comfortable.The hotel isn't a bad one. It's just not a particularly good one. For the price we paid, given its location, and the fact that we were only there one night (and were able to have a good hot shower at home later that day), it was fine. If I'd booked to stay there for any longer and/or paid any more, then I'd have been very disappointed.In its favour, the location is hard to beat and, at lastminute's Top Secret hotel prices, it's still not a bad deal if you just want somewhere to sleep after a night out in town.	
Dec 5 2008 	Loved this wonderful Gem	Just had a wonderful stay at Park Lane Mews Hotel for 2 nights at the end of November. From the moment we walked in we felt a lovely, warm atmosphere and Martin at the front desk was extremely helpful to us. We had had a terrible experience at another hotel and refused to stay so we only came upon the Park Lane Mews at the last minute and we are so glad we did. We were given a lovely room which was ideal for us. It was extremely clean and well proportioned and the location of the hotel can't be beaten in my opinion for being near everything.I would have absolutely no hesitation in staying here again and I have been telling all of my family and friends about it since we returned. I think it was the personal touch received from all the staff and especially Martin that impressed us so much. If only every hotel could treat their guests like this!!!!	
Dec 1 2008	A warm and comfy retreat at the Park Lane Mews	On a return business trip to Canada from Botswana,I was planning an overnight stay with my daughter who lives in London. I found the Park Lane Mews Hotel on the web and we would go back any time. It has a warm and pleasant environment, very similar to a small Parisien hotel. The staff were very helpful, the food good and the beds comfortable. It felt as if we were in someone's home - a stately home that is!	
Nov 20 2008 	A good london hotel	I stayed here very recently and on reading other travellers comments and on reflection to these comments found them to be inaccurate. My bedroom and bathroom was well furnished and comfortable. Water piping hot, Molton and Brown high quality toileltries. A large flat sceen TV and a window that opened and a quiet street outside.Also very good lighting for reading.What I really enjoyed about this hotel was the sitingroom /lobby with comfy sofas and chairs ,good lighting and a discreet TV area. drinks, teas etc all on offer. Several singles were sitting happily at tables reading or working in this warm and homely atmosphere. Shepherds market is feet away where you can buy most things and has cafes and pubs to enjoy. You can walk to Bond street, Oxford Street Picadilly with ease and I look forward to staying in this hotel again.	
Nov 18 2008 	The worst 4* hotel I have ever experienced!	The only good thing about this hotel is the location and the exterior after that it is all down hill! The hotel is tired, the room we booked was wrong which was quickly remedied, however the heating was broken which we discovered after returning late from a show at which time we felt it was too late to complain until the next morning.After spending a cold and uncomfortable night in the room, a portable heater was brought in which did not work properly. My complaints fell on deaf ears. I complained again by telephone however it took the manager 3 weeks to respond, and again the reponse was not acceptable.I have been fortunate enough to stay in many hotels in the Mayfair, Knightsbridge and Kensington areas of LondonMy advice would be to use other well known hotels at similar rates but are much better, cleaner, and fresher.	
Nov 13 2008 	Not to be recommended	Lastminute.com description of the hotel was 'Boutique hotel a stone's throw from Park Lane - 4*. Stone's throw away was accurate but the 4* grading not so and one would require a great deal of imagination as to how the hotel could be described as 'Boutique'. Generally the hotel was very tired looking. The rooms were described as rooms with modern facilities. The only modern facility was the large flat screen TV fitted squintly on the wall and which tended to dominate teh fairly small room. No comfortable chair or sofa in the room and the advertsied wireless internet did not work in the rooms and according to the receptionist never has done! The bathrooms were very small with a bath panel that had rotted due to water leaking. The grouting on the tiles and sealant around the bath was breeding fungus quite well.Really the only good thing about the room was being at the back of the hotel it was quiet.The lounge area was an extension of the reception area and only had seating for 10-12 persons, again the furniture was very tired. You can sit in this area to have a drink from a limited bar, only one malt whisky available, but be prepared from the noise from a rather loud male receptionist who whilst I was sitting there had two arguments with other members of staff and tried to assure anouther guest that the sparks coming from the temporary heater in his bedroom was nothing to worry about but if we was still worried he could turn it off! My room had a temporary (or maybe it was permanent?) heater as the central heating was not working.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great stay in excellent location	Booked a weekend break on the hotel's official website ([-]) for a 2 night stay in London at the Park Lane Mews Hotel. Not sure why all the negative comments, because overall we had a nice large room and the hotel was clean throughout. We would book this hotel if we returned to London.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not up to 4 star standard	We booked a twin room on their website. On arrival friendly staff asked for our booking. They could not find our booking even thou we have a confirmation booking form. We got a room . This was not what the internet website shows. Very small , very old and very basic. THIS WAS NOT A FOUR STAR ROOM. From 6am on a Sunday morning all we could hear were barrels being banged into a lorry for about hour. Breakfast on Sunday served from 7am to 11am . We went down at 9.45 and the cooked breakfast was self service, Very dry and cold, been kept warm to long , others came later than us for breakfast and no fresh food was being put out. This is 15 pounds, not worth it. OVERALL RATING 2 STAR. Not worth the money.	
Oct 20 2008 	A surprisingly nice stay after reading the previous reviews	I had booked this hotel for a night in London with my girlfriend for a romantic evening in London to see a show. The reviews I read filled me with dread and I expected the worst. The staff were lovely when we checked in, polite and efficient. We were given our room key and were delighted with a nice clean room, lovely big bed with lots of pillows, big flat screen tv. The bathroom was small but clean, the bath panel could have done with replacing but it was a minor cosmetic detail. The location is unbeatable and right around the corner from a great little tapas El Pirata where we had a great meal as room service had stopped serving hot food (after 11pm). All of the major sights are a few minutes walk away and I couldn't recommend it more for a tourist trip. We never had a meal in the restaurant nor breakfast so I can't pass comment. I can say that we had a lovely stay and no problems with check in nor were we disappointed with the standard of the hotel given what we paid for a Mayfair location.	
Oct 19 2008 	Do yourselves a favour - choose the Park Lane Mews	We walked out on the flea pit we had booked from Australia, and despite our 28 hour flight, walked the streets looking for suitable accommodation.We stopped in at many hotels, but we had a good feeling about warm and friendly reception staff at Park Lane Mews.The room was just perfect for us and the time we spent at the Park Lane Mews was enjoyable.When visiting London, we wouldn't stay anywhere else and we recommend it to any travellers.	
Sep 26 2008 	Clean and Comfortable	I stayed here for one night whilst in London on business. This hotel was booked for me as the Sheraton was fully booked. After reading Trip Advisor reviews I was apprehensive. The hotel was cheaper than the Sheraton and cleaner! Room was a decent sized double with a huge flat screen tv. The bed was comfortable with plenty of pillows provided. Bathroom was small but well kept and functional. Best of all was the free WIFI internet access and the Molton Brown goodies in the bathroom. Breakfast was not included and was available. Buffet with plenty of choice cost £14.95 (I think the Sheraton charge £23 ish) Check in/out was quick and efficient. All in all not a bad stay. You don't get much for your money in Central London.	
Sep 23 2008 	very disappointed	i booked a six night stay in this hotel through a travel site but having had the opportunity to view the hotel's site in advance -- not only did reception try and place my friends in a room much below the one they had paid for (in advance !), but the rooms are nothing like what's shown on the hotel's website -- today, the hotel is tired and a bit run-down -- look on their site and you think you'll be staying in the chic-est boutique hotel in mayfair -- classic example of a hotel misrepresenting itself on the net	
Sep 15 2008 	Great Sighseeing Location	This hotel has a superb location for sightseeing and shopping in central London with most within walking distance. On checking in at the hotel we were shown the lift and there was no service to assist with getting our luggage to our room. The room was small and the bathroom compact but everything was clean, immaculate, well serviced and it was adequate for our 3 nights in London as we stayed here for a central base and to just sleep so therefore we did not use the restaurant and any other facilities.	
Sep 9 2008 	How did it ever get 4*?!	We booked through last minute.coms top secret location deal. We were really excited at what we thought was a fantastic deal at what looked like a gorgeous hotel on it's website....How dissappointing. The staff were okay although somewhat unprofessional, we got our room key and on first impressions, albeit a little dated the room seemed ok. Then we noticed the damp patches and peeling, cracking walls. The bathroom was dirty and the shower only worked once I'd cleaned the limescale of the head!!The air conditioning worked but it had a red warning fault light on so we chose to cook instead. It's lucky we were only sleeping there 1 night as it would have really ruined our break.My advice...DON'T GO THERE	
Sep 5 2008 	Good Value	I booked our room on Lastminue.com from a Top Secret offer. For the price, you really can't complain. I read some of the other reviews and was surprised at the expectations people had given the price. The location was excellent. The hotel is within walking distance to almost all of London's major attractions, but it's tucked away on a side street so you don' t have to deal with the traffic or noise. There are some great independent cafes and bars right around the corner. I don't think you could fine this type of hotel in a similar location for anywhere near the price. Overall a great experience and would stay again.	
Sep 2 2008 	well worn	staff very friendly but some have problems understanding basic requests ie pot of tea. Linen clean, room very small bed pushed against wall unsuitable for 2 people. Soft furnishings very worn in the rooms and reception. Central location but not worth the money	
Jul 29 2008 	More like 3 Star needing improvement...	I booked a night in this hotel via lastminute.com who run a promotion called &quot;Top Secret&quot; where you book a hotel for a special rate and they tell you what you've got after you book it. I've booked rooms like this with lastminute and in the past haven't been disappointed but I guess there's a first time for everything!Before you book lastminute give you a description of the accommodation and in this case it was a glowing description of a 4 star, boutique hotel in the heart of Mayfair.To be fair, the location is excellent and paying £106 for a single note for decent accommodation in this part of town is pretty good. However this rate is damaged by the fact that breakfast costs an exorbitant £14.95 each for ingredients that look and taste like they were bought from Netto and cooked by a blindfolded boy scout. If you stay here get your breakfast somewhere else as there are plenty of great places nearby.Back to the hotel experience.Well it's simply not 4 star. Not even close.The staff were friendly and yes we pre-paid but who cares?On arrival in what can only be decsribed as a bijou reception and lounge bar area there was a fairly loud and obvious recruitment interview between one of the hotel admin and 3 potential non-UK recruits. One could not avoid hearing how the hotel appeared to have a disregard for the need of any experience in potential recruits. Even when one of the hopefuls admitted they could not cook the hotel manager suggested that perhaps they might be able to prepare simple things (perhaps the English breakfast that we were due to enjoy later?). It did make us concerned about the hotels attitude towards hygiene, health and safety.The room and the floor that we stayed on however smelt strongly of cigarette smoke. After reading some of these earlier reviews we decided to stick with room rather than get a transfer as we didn't want any of the experiences reported elsewhere on this review site.The &quot;King Size&quot; double bed we booked turned out to be two single beds pushed together.The air conditioning did not work which was a shame given that London was hitting 30 degrees outside.The shower had little water pressure and only luke warm water in the evening which dropped to an unusable trickle in the morning that was cold.Forget about Internet and there's no mini-bar or fresh water in the rooms.If you're looking for an inexpensive room for the night in London this isn't the worst you could do. The location is genuinely great and as long as you're only sleeping in the room then everything else you need is nearby. Just don't book it thinking that you are getting a 4 star bargain because you're getting an expensive 3 star hotel in a good spot.Enjoy!	
Jul 14 2008 	OH dear	What a disgrace and I really dont know where to start. I will be taking this further but will start here.We arrived to find a man stood outside who transpired to be the manager (Oh so he claimed). We went inside and he followed us to check us in. We sat down and the phone rang, first the land line, then his mobile then another land line. Er excuse me I would like to check in. He then asked me how I would like to pay and I said in cash he then said thats £174. He wanted the money there and then and said, now get this, &quot;This is the policy of all the hotels in London.&quot; No it isnt sunshine, Ive stayed in Better, more expensive and better managed and I have NEVER had to pay in advance, Maybe it was because of my Northern Accent, I dont knowI paid the money then he asked for a £50 deposit to act as a surity. Er excuse me, this isnt an 18-30 holiday in Magaluff, I am away for the weekend for a show with my wife (Who was with me) What do you think Im going to do, steal a towel. He said it was the hotel policy (I still have yet to find it) I said well Im not paying it (Basically I didnt have enough cash on me as I was meeting someone that night). At this point there was 3 more couples in the foyer and it was getting embarrasing so I had to tell him I wasnt discussing it there in front of others and wanted to go to my room.If he wanted to discuss it he could come and see me.We went up to room 205 which we was told was no smoking. I opened the door and before taking a step said to my wife, I am not stopping in there. It smelt like an Amsterdam Coffee shop. I went in and the window was open with fag ash all over the window ledge. I went down and was given another room, 305 which was directly above. Oh by the way, never told where the room was just given the key card.Went in 305 and smelt alot better. However, that was the end of the plesantries. We went out then came back 3 hours later and the wife went to the shower. She must have run the water for 15 mins and the water came luke warm. I admit, I went in after her and it was hot. The sink wouldnt drain away and took about 5 mins to clear. The bathroom panel was mank and mouldy and the tiles behind the toilet had been broken and it looked as if Stevie Wonder had attempted to repair them with David Blunkett as his labourer (I think you will get the picture). The plasma telly had been installed but they had left all the wires visible and dangling from the television down to the plug. The view (which was supposed to be of a courtyard) was of the bin store or the scaffolding on the building opposite though I couldnt really tell as we werent allowed to open the window as it was damaged and had a big sign on. There was no mini bar, fridge or biscuits. The bed was a good size and good pillows .Ok,we were only staying for a night but decided to go down for luch as the show started at 7:30. We were downstairs at 5:56 (yes 4 minutes to 6) and asked for a table and was told, very politely, &quot;We dont open until 6 sir so you will have to wait in reception.&quot; He then said I will have to advise you of the things we dont have. There was I believe 6 things on the menu however, they didnt have 3 which left me with a Indian Chicken Curry, The vegetarian meal or the salmon. I just lost the plot and stormed out. The next day on checking out I asked for a taxi and was told to walk to the Hilton where there would be loads of taxis. Couldnt find one so had to walk to Hyde Park.Now I have been a contractor and stopped in £25 pn B&amp;Bs and when I am away with my wife I try and stop at the best in London. This hotel imho was VERY poor for the money paid and I have no idea whatsoever how they got the 4*.	
Jul 9 2008 	Worst Hotel I have stayed at more like 2 stars - stay away.	I was booked into this Hotel for 2 nights in July as i was attending a training course for work purposes and the Park Lane Mews Hotel was close by. I believe in going with an open mind despite reading the recent bad comments on TripAdvisor that this Hotel had been getting. Surely it cannot be that bad? Except yes it really is.First impressions of the building outside and inside the reception is very good, it looks very nice. Until you check in. As soon as you walk in, before saying Hello, you say your name they find the booking and demand full payment, when I questioned could I not pay at the end, they said in a loud stern voice NO I had to pay and did I want to stay or not. Great start !! So I hand over my card, and it is my card as I don't get a company one and its debited. I was asked non smoking or smoking opted for non smoking, and allocated a room on the top floor.Room Impression - On 1st impressions looked not too bad until I turned on the light which by the way you have to put the card in the slot for any lights to work, which isn't mentioned anywhere. Carpet was filthy. Wall paper something out of the 70's. It was thundering and lighting and had been pouring with rain all day he window was open and water drops all over the table. I tried to close the window, and part of it fell to pieces, so its now at an angle. More force and I got it shut and put the broken parts to one side (at least it was shut !!) Air Con unit on the wall again looks about 20 years old, had a red light on it but I had instructions as to how to use. Except the red light meant it was out of operation, however I could still turn on even worse as it sounded as though an areoplane was about to come through the wall. Good job it didn't work. I was trying to get the room warm after the freezing cold wet window. Although you would think they would put a sign saying do not use, instead you can try and turn it on and probably blow yourself up or get an electric shock nice one !!View from window, tower scraper of the back of the Hilton Hotel which had about 10 more floors higher and I had all the fumes from the back of the Hilton breathing into my room. Yes its London but I don't expect to have more gas and smoke than a diesel train not to mention the noise of it even with my window shut.Looking further around - Flatscreen Tv, older than my CRT screen at home, like a box fixed to the wall but beneath a boarded up unit with white plyboard that would of housed an old CRT TV about 10 years ago. Bed is as hard as nails although at least I have a double bed, with plenty of pillows.Kettle has fur in it, so needed good clean out. Coffee and Tea was quite good for amounts, no biscuits or mineral water which I would expect from a 4 star hotel. Bathroom small but looked not too bad, clean. Then tried taking a shower no hot water, no pressure in the water so shower hardly came on this happened both times I used the shower. Worst was the sink it took 10 minutes for the water to drain out. Everyone knows that you have to turn a hot tap on and wait for it to become hot, however the sink was overflowing almost before the tap became lukewarm that is how bad it was. Wether this was because I was on the 5th and highest floor I don't know but it was beyond a joke. I ordered breakfast to arrive in my room, and filled out the card and attached to my door handle at 7pm. The card had to be out by 2am at the latest. Breakfast was booked for 7:15am and when it got to 7:25 I started to get worried. I opened the door of my room and found the card still attached to the door handle it hadn't even been collected and my tray from 6pm last night with a light tea on was still outside as well. I called the meal service option and was asked if I would like to order now, no apology nothng as though it was my fault and when I asked how long would I have to wait the answer &quot;I don't know&quot;. Great when you got to be at a training course at a set time, thats the whole point of room service to save time !!I tried to order a taxi the night before, and the hotel refused to order one when I tried to book one in the morning as they advised I did, they told me to go to the Hilton as there was a taxi rank. I went to the taxi rank by the Hilton and asked 7 cabs to take me about 1 mile all of them said no, reason, why well I imagine because they are waiting for bigger fares coming out of the Hilton. I walked to another Taxi rank asked another 3 cabs and eventually found someone who would take me. I arrived late at my course.At last it was my time to leave, I checked out and I noticed that nobdy asked if everything was ok, nobody said thank you or stay again, when I went to raise the issues I had they said well other guest haven't complained and more or less made out I was imaging things and they didn't want to know but then they already had my money at £244 for 2 nights rip off, plus£14.95 breakfast and £3.50 extra for room service. Travel Lodge for me by a mile anyday even Glastonbury in a tent doesn't have such rude manners. Please do not go there I cannot recommend for anyone, its a joke to say its 4 stars and there is no excuse in the world for being rude to customers and not caring when you pay not only London Prices, but 4 star prices for 1-2 star service. Rip off Britain, I hate to imagine what people from other countries must think of British Hotels if they base everything on this hotel.	
Jul 2 2008 	Ruined our stay!!! - Dirty place	I couldn't put into words how utterly disappointed we were with this hotel. A total waste of money and time!Our hotel room was dirty, the bed had not been made, there were stains over the wall, carpets were filthy and cuboards were covered in dust. Several of the hotels items were missing such as hairdryer, iron, ironing board and bathroom towels. In fact the only thing it had was a broken bed and cheapo TV.The staff were clearly aggrivated by constaint complaints by their guests and handled the situation very badely. We were informed that we had been given a basic room due to the last minute booking and should be grateful for our room. £85 we paid for one night and although the location was great, this definately isn't a place of luxury. 4* HELL HOLE is more like it!	
Jun 28 2008 	Good place for the right price	Booked on line for a 3 night deal (just less then 300 quid for a double), the hotel turned into a pleasant surprise. It's a great location, close to great parks, Piccadilly, Mayfair and walking distance to many of London's attractions if you have a bit of energy. We walked...and loved it. It's not the most glamorous or up-to-date destination but we found the staff helpful and cheery, we liked the lobby area with its lounge and library and our rooms were okay. Comfortable bed and adequate facilities. Just around the back is a lovely area for dining - lots of options for breakfast, lunch and dinner, from cafes to pubs to restaurants.	
Jun 20 2008 	good value for Mayfair	I too was worried having read some reviews, but my stay was very pleasant. There are signs of ongoing renovation but my room was perfectly clean and comfortable, and without exception I found the staff helpful and friendly. I managed to get a very good internet deal and I felt that it was great value for this location.	
Jun 6 2008 	Great Location	Having booked this hotel via Lastminute the day before arrival I was concerned to read the reports on Tripadvisor. I had wanted somewhere central for my partner's business meeting and my trip to the Royal Academy. The location is fantastic, 5 mins from Picadilly and the area of Shepherd Market is a hidden gem of little streets with pavement cafes and charming shops. As you walk around look up at the rooflines to see the many different types of architecture that make up this area. It is a perfectly safe area too to walk around in the early evening. The room was very comfortable, with Molton Brown toiletries, clean and quiet and looking over the rooftops from the top floor was a Mary Poppins experience, you really wouldn't know you were in central London. The staff at the front desk were charming and helpful so I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and plan to return. I truly do not know why it has has such bad reviews.	
Jun 6 2008 	Only stay here if you get a REALLY cheap deal!	I booked the Park Lane Mews hotel for it's location (I was attending an event at the Sheraton which would have stretched my budget just too far!). I booked via Lastminute.com as a &quot;top secret hotel&quot; and paid £140 for one night in a standard double room.The exterior of the hotel was nice, and the location was great. The check-in staff were helpful and friendly.However...This is NOT what I would consider to be a 4* hotel by any stretch of the imagination. A few Molton Brown toiletries weren't enough to compensate for peeling wallpaper, shabby decor and stained carpets.As other reviewers have commented, the room smelt of tobacco, and there were cigarette butts on my window sill. I had to call someone up to fix my shower, as it didn't work, and then when I finally got water, it was cold.The air conditioning unit also had to be reset so that it would work, and then sounded like a piece of industrial machinery so I had to switch it off anyway! The bedding and towels looked like they'd seen better days - slightly greying and a bit tatty around the edges.If you really want to stay in Mayfair, and you manage to get a deal on this hotel for under £100 a night, it's probably OK. Personally, I'd recommend staying in the Thistle in Kensington instead: slightly cheaper, and then spend the saving on a cab!Positives:- Large bed (2 singles made up as 1 large bed)- Great location- Friendly staffNegatives:- Tired and faded decor- Not particularly clean- Facilities not all in working order	
Jun 4 2008 	Excellent Service	Wonderful service at this hotel. My sister and I came from America and the front desk was extremely helpful is showing us where to go and how to get there. I would definately recommend staying here.	
May 21 2008 	Avoid this Hotel and check your bills!	Watch out for this hotel. It is mediocre - claims to be 4 star but is really a scruffy 3 star at best.I recently stayed in the Hotel and noticed that they tried to charge me for phone calls I hadn't made. The desk manager assured me that they would deduct these from the bill. I got my credit card statement and they were there on the statement.I phoned the hotel twice and was promised that this would be sorted out - but no reply on two occasions. I have written to them twice and not had a reply. I have therefore registered the payments as a &quot;dispute&quot; with my credit card provider and hope they can sort it out.The service at the hotel is shockingly bad and some of their desk staff are positively rude.If you are booked to stay there - check your bill carefully.If you haven't booked - avoid.	
May 11 2008 	Good value for Park Lane	The Park Lane Mews is a bit of a Curate's Egg - It is good and bad in parts.Once again, the Park Lane Mews is one of those '4-star' hotels that offers pretty average 3-star accommodation in an up-market location.I'd give it 3-stars+, but the room facilities are in no way those of a 4-star hotel. However, it's quite an attractive building, inside and outside. The public areas are nice and tasteful and a welcome change from the usual corporate blandness of major chain hotels.The location of this hotel is excellent if you'd like to explore the interesting nooks and crannies between Park Lane and Mayfair.Shepherds Market, with its interesting little shops and pubs, is just a 2 minute walk, and Green Park and Hyde Park are each 5 minutes walk away.The entire West End is on your doorstep, and is easily walkable for the able-bodied. If you have difficulty walking, take advantage of the black cabs that swarm around this area like bees around a hive.My Experience: -  I checked in late (23.00) but desk staff were helpful and efficient.My room was a good size, the flat-screen TV was huge but rather elderly. The choice of channels 1-9 was uninspiring. Why can't hotels just install FreeView instead of this 'Hotel Info' and 1-9 channels? Who exactly uses this 'Hotel Info' stuff on the TV?I had booked a double, but my wife was unable to travel, so I had a huge (3-pillows-wide) bed to wallow in all by myself.The room was clean (except for the faint smell of stale tobacco smoke) and the complimentary toiletries were of excellent quality.All basic services worked as expected. Water was hot etc.Being set-back from Park Lane, the room was fairly quiet. It was a hot night, but the 'air conditioning' (a strange box thing in the corner of the room which you have to learn to program) kept me fairly comfortable.I did not eat at the Park Lane Mews so can't comment on the cuisine.Downsides: - I wasn't offered the option of a non-smoking room when booking and ended up with a room that smelled mildly of smoke. This may not have been the hotel's fault, but if it matters to you then double-check when you book.NO mini bar. POOR selection/amount of tea/coffee etc. NO biscuits, NO milk/creamer for tea/coffee.Room decor aims for a 'shabby chic' effect, but comes off looking just shabby (lime-washed woodwork that hasn't been done properly).The large cabinet that housed the original TV had been retained and a white-painted hardboard panel tacked to the front. I thought they could have removed the edifice, or at least stuck a mini-bar in it.	
Apr 12 2008	Ideal For Our Purpose	This was an overnight stay for a birthday surprise, i was pleasantly surprised as my husband was worried after reading all the reviews.Easy to find on foot from train &amp; situated perfectly for Harrods ect &amp; wonderful eating places, we checked in with no problems found the room very reasonable clean &amp; spacious, molton brown bathroom products included were a nice touch &amp; were not hassled at all.Very quiet &amp; relaxing l, enjoyed a pleasant peaceful stress free night.We've stayed in many exclusive &amp; boutique hotels in the UK and New York as well as Europe &amp; cant fault Park Lane Mews at all.	
Mar 25 2008	Horrendous! Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at.	My friend and I booked this hotel at Last Minute.com as a surprise hotel for £80.When we arrived we asked if there were any twin beds available as my friend accidentally booked a double room. Big mistake.The lady on reception told us there weren't any but we could stay at the 'apartment' which sounded like we were being upgraded.We were sent outside to another building to a room on the top floor. The apartment was really large and at first we were quite impressed. But after putting our bags down, realised that this room was absolutely disgusting. The carpet and bathroom floor had stains, one of the plugs was caved in, the fridge in the kitchen had mould in it and the tv had loads of wires sticking out.My friend and I thought we should make the best of it as we had somewhere to be &amp; were only staying one night. We got back around 1.30am and went to reception to be let in - we were told before that we weren't allowed a key...As we walked up the stairs to the apartment we noticed mouse traps on every corner of the stairs! Conveniently we hadn't seen these before as we were taken up in the lift. The porter then made us wait 15 minutes as he couldn't find the key to the room and had to bring up every key they had to see if it fitted.This was the last straw! My friend went to reception to complain and was told my the manager that he would 'pay her £5000 if she found a mouse in his hotel'. He then asked how much she paid for the room, which is completely irrelevant.We didn't get anywhere with the arrogant manager or the staff so decided we will complain directly with Last Minute.com to see if we can get some kind of compensation.This hotel is awful - DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Mar 10 2008 	Fawlty Towers Is Alive!	We arrived, ordered a drink and sat in the 'lounge' to overhear a fellow guest enquire why is there no cream with my cream tea? only to be told we don't have any cream!!. Apart from this and the fact that our radiator did'nt work and there were two electric heaters in our room which somebody in their kindness had turned on so the room was about 90 degrees in the shade. The bath was imported from Lilliput, the shower was only operable when nobody else on our floor was having a shower, there was only one heating element not burned out in the toaster so by putting your bread through three times it got slightly brown one side and the other side was warmed a bit (and you have to pay cash for breakfast as the resaurant is not run by the hotel). Other than these points the position was brilliant, ideal for walking through to Regent Street and we enjoyed a wonderful sunset in Hyde Park.In my opinion this hotel is not four star quality - we expected Basil to walk in at any time - so if you want a laugh try it	
Feb 29 2008	Much better than I had feared!	I stayed at this hotel last weekend as part of a party of 20. I did not book it myself and after reading the other reviews on Trip Advisor I feared the worst. In the end it was way better than I expected.The reception area and lounge was fine. The reception staff were very friendly. The twin room on the second floor was small-ish, but by London standards absolutely fine. It was clean, and did not look shabby - there was a tiny part of peeling wallpaper but nothing significant at all.It was in a great central location - 5 mins from the London Eye by taxi, a 5 min walk from Green Park Tube, and at the end of the night we walked back there from Chinatown/Soho, maybe a 15 min walk. There were a few nice places for breakfast round the corner too.The hotel had stopped serving hot food by 1am when we got back but they rang for some pizzas for us (which we payed for ourselves).Overall really good.	
Feb 18 2008 	Hit and Miss	After reading other revies was surprised that my impression from a few years ago seemed so different - was really expecting the worst and was too late to change so i went anyway. Check in staff were friendly and polite - decor is very cosy in reception and warm, lifts tired and corridors also. Room was good size (I was told I was upgraded...hmmm) and bathroom also generous. Generally fit-out was a bit tatty - strange things like money spent on brand new plasma but space for old TV in cabinet covered up with cheap plywood tacked onto a nice piece of hotel furniture. heating didn't work so was given in a plug-in unit. Overall the hotel gives the impression that the owner is running it just until something else pops up such as a sale or redevelopment- breakfast forms for hanging on doorknob were poor photocopies - like wise menu etc.Overall poor if you were expecting modern 4 star but location is unbeatable and staff were great. If yoe have a sense of humour and are travelling alone - go for it.	
Jan 30 2008 	pick somewhere else	This hotel is convenient if you're going to a function in Park Lane and don't want to stagger far afterwards. Otherwise, avoid it like the plague. Rooms are small, tired and dirty. Cramped, drab corridors. Nothing works (and I heard several people at reception complaining of faults while I was checking in) and the staff know it but don't care. There is no sign of any management. Reception tried to 'upgrade' me to an annexe round the corner which was dark and dreary and not even connected to the hotel by phone. I insisted on being in the main hotel building but was then kept awake all night by the noise of the metal baffles on the huge air conditioning system at the back of the Hilton tower block which is right in front of this hotel. Don't go there unless you expect to be too drunk to care.	
Jan 27 2008	Don't bother	Thankfully we only stayed one night at the Park Lane Mews Hotel. The location is great but everything else was below par. The room was shabbily decorated and there was a constant droning noise from an adjacent room.We returned after a night out and I found that the water wasn't hot enough to get in the bath and the air conditioning / heating wasn't working. We ordered a sandwich from Room Service which wasn't nice and was over priced (@£10 with the charge added to all room service deliveries). There is nothing to reccommend about this hotel other than the location.	
Jan 21 2008 	Good Hotel with friendly staff and good size room	I booked the hotel through www.lastminute.com (it was a top secret hotel at £110 for a Saturday night stay) and despite the bad reviews on this website, I can honestly say that this hotel is very nice, with an excellent location (Hyde Park / Mayfair).The Parklane Mews Hotel is usually a business hotel so it gets pretty busy during the week but it's very quiet at weekends.We asked for a quiet room when we arrived and they put us in a roomm at the back. The room was quite a good size room for London and including free Wifi, a LCD TV and a bath tub (quite small). The room was tidy and I was pleased to see that the free toiletries in the bathrrom were Molton Brown. We also ordered to have our breakfast in bed and as £17.95, it was quite expensive but we shared 1 breakfast between of the 2 of us, which was quite enough.In summary, the Parklane Mews hotel is good hotel and I would come back for another weekend stay.	
Dec 10 2007 	Fantatic Location	First up - this hotel is in a really first class location. Situated behind the London Hitlton and adjacent to the Four Seasons, the Parl Lane Mews is a ten minute walk from Bond street and a ten minute walk from Harrods. Buckingham Palace is a five min stroll away. The hotel classification is 4 stars. To be honest this is stretching it a bit. The hotel is cosy, ie small, and the decor is well worn but clean. We checked in late ( after 11pm ) on a thursday night - we were greeted by the night staff who were unable to locate our booking. We had confirmed the reservation that afternoon and we stated that we would be arriving late so we had warned them not to give our room away! ( this is a big problem in London ) However after 30mins of worried looks etc the night porter finally admitted that our room was gone and we would be staying in the hilton picadilly for the night........not a good start.The next morn all was rectified - back at our hotel we were told our first night was being comped - we were being upgraded and we would have a bottle of champers and a fruit plate in our room. Also we could enjoy a complimentary dinner for two off the room services menu if you so wished. Fair is fair - we were completely placated - mistakes happen but its how you react to them is important and on this occasion the GM of the hotel,Mr Paris, came up trumps.Our upgrade room was nice. A bit Small ( where isnt in London?) but very clean with a huge very comfortable kind size bed. There was a massive 42inch plasma TV on the wall which did look a little out of place but did the job.......The bathroom was small ( actually tiny ) but well maintained and stocked with pleasant Molton Brown products. On the second night we ordered a snack to the room whilst we were dressing for our nocturnal adventures - the food arrived promptly and was actually v tasty - leading me to believe that the food in the hotel would be better than average. Given the location of the hotel we ate elsewhere for every meal - the sheer choice on offer made it a sin to stay on site for food.The biggest positive about this hotel is its location. Its is to be found in the fashionable park lane area - right behind the London Hilton. Green park tube is a 5 min walk away - taxis are plentiful given the volume of large branded hotels in the vicinity. Bond st, Buckingham palace and Harrods are all within easy walking distance. All in all - we will definitely return to this little hotel.	
Dec 9 2007 	Absolutely dismal - avoid at all costs!	I booked this room for an overnight stay on Friday as I was attending a Christmas party in Regents Street. I now understand why I had to pay for this room in advance of my stay - I wouldn't stay there again if you paid me!Upon arrival at 2.45pm I had to wait 20 minutes for my first room to be ready, despite the confirmation I received advising that check-in was from 1pm. I was later told by the duty manager that check in is 2pm, and by the receptionist that check-in is 3pm - it seems to depend on when the room is ready as to what their standard check-in time is! I wish they would get together &amp; formulate some sort of uniform response.When I tried to use the shower in this first room, the showerhead was detatched from the wall &amp; swaying about in mid-air - the dial for the temperature wouldn't turm up above 3 (3=freezing), although you could turn it the other way to 9, which turned the supply of water off completely. I complained to reception, and was moved to a tiny double room which stunk unbearably of smoke, with a double bed when i required a twin, and an a/c unit with a constant &amp; loud sound of running water. I immediately called down to ask to be moved again, and finally was moved to a room which seemed acceptable. I asked for a cab to be booked as I now was only left with 30 minutes to get ready &amp; get to my party, due to all the messing around I had no time for a shower or bath. After 15 minutes I was called back to be told my cab was there, re-requested the cab for the time I actually needed it by, went down to reception on time &amp; waited for 10 minutes before finally being told I may as well walk round to the Hilton &amp; ask one of the doormen there to get me a cab!The next morning my friend attempted to have a bath, turned the tap on and the bath filled up with lots of black &amp; brown gunk, which we worked out had either come from the tap or from the plug hole. We attempted to just wash the dirty water away but the plug mechanism was actually broken so we couldn't drain the bath of any water! My friend got dressed &amp; went to speak to reception, we waited 15 minutes before the duty manager called back to check if we really required someone to come &amp; look at the problem... yes really!The duty manager eventually arrived, pulled the plug mechanism from the bath &amp; then insinuated that we had broken it, and that we had planted the dirt in the bath! I explained that after everything else that we had experienced over the last few hours since checking in, that this was the straw that had broken the camel's back. I was told that someone else was then booked in to our previous rooms &amp; they didn't have any issues with the room, something I find hard to believe, and was then told that rooms were normally £350 per night &amp; that I had a good deal at £125! I wouldn't pay £10 to stay in a room where there wasn't even basic washing facilities, and was amazed that not only was he accusing us of trying to cause trouble, but not once did he apologise for anything we'd experienced thus far! I've never come across anyone so rude &amp; smug in my life - he was an absolute disgrace to deal with.He eventually told us that he would meet us at reception so that we could discuss further although I wouldn't be offered any kind of refund or discount as I had already paid the travel agent directly. When we arrived at reception 5 minutes later to check out &amp; discuss further we were told that the manager would not be coming out to discuss with us further - unbelievable that he would then leave reception to have to deal with us!In summary, I have stayed at a lot of hotels for business &amp; personal use, and have never experienced anything like this - if I could offer one word of warning to everyone reading this it would be 'don't even think about it!'. As I have now found out, there is a very good reason why this hotel is constantly being offered on all booking websites at a huge discount, and I only wish i had read all of the bad reviews before booking &amp; paying in advance for room in a hotel where I wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy!I now have the task of writing this in a letter to hotels.com &amp; to the hotel manager, but if the level of customer service is on a par with that received so far I don't expect to get very far. I am disgusted with this weekend's experience &amp; am only sad that some unsuspecting tourist will stay at this hotel in the future &amp; be put off of a wonderful city by this place.	
Dec 5 2007 	Save your money - don't do it.	I stayed here for 2 nights - needing a good quality hotel which would be relaxing as I had work to do. I have to say that this is one of the worst hotels I have stayed in - and at the price I think it is inexcusable. The first night involved me rejecting a couple of rooms on the grounds of dirt and smell (smoke) and then ending up in a room without a working heater, a large pool of water ( I hope!) on the floor, and freezing for most of the night. No desk, no Playstation, food is worse that most motorway service stations, (but I didn't want to go out to eat as I was on my own.) Second night I was moved to another room, which was slightly better, but the window didn't shut, so once more quite cold. I booked it through Last Minute as one of their 'secret ' hotels ( boutique 4*) - just don't. I wish I had read reviews on here first.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not worth the money!	Having read the reviews on tripadvisor I was a bit concerned about staying here but there were some great reviews so I thought it can't be all that bad!! I'm afraid the bad reviews were right - there were delays with the room being ready, the heating didn't work, the shower didn't work and the overall standard of the fixtures and fittings were in no way 4 star. Having said that the reception area was cosy and the breakfast was the usual hotel fare. However the price we paid did not match the service/standard we expected. The saving grace is the location and if you do stay here make sure you go down the little walkway down the side of the hotel and walk down to the square where there are some great restaurants and pubs - away from the busy-ness of the West End! Would I recommend this place - yes and no. Yes if you have no expectations and just want a basic base to explore London and no - if you want a high standard and quality hotel!	
Nov 7 2007 	Not bad but a very cold room	I booked this hotel through Lastminute, as a &quot;secret hotel&quot;. I paid £140, so was expecting something good.On arrival, the hotel looks nice, and the check-in was very smooth. The main problem was the room, which was very cold - I estimate about 5 degrees celcius all night.I would stay here again, but would be wary of which room I was given.	
Oct 22 2007 	Got a great price for a very good London hotel	My wife and I stayed at Park Lane Mews Hotel in October. We stayed overnight on a Sunday as we needed an early start on the Monday morning. We booked this hotel through Lastminute.com and only paid £76 which was an absolute bargain considering a Travel Inn is £85 in London. The hotel was one of their 'Top Secret' room only hotels but was easy to work out considering the normal B&amp;B description was only a couple of hotels down on the list (and even this was only about £90 including English breakfast).The hotel is about one minutes walk from the Hilton and so very close to Hyde Park and a not over distant walk to the museums or Oxford Street. There are excellent bus links and the tube isn't too far away at Hyde Park Corner or a hike (with luggage) from Marble Arch. The rooms were very good for London hotels, we have stayed in a number over the years and this was a good size room with a 42 inch plasma screen on the wall! The bathroom was adequate although not luxurious and the hotel facilities looked okay although we really only saw the lobby and our room. We were offered the opportunity to have breakfast when we checked in (at a supplement of course) but they didn't start serving until quite late (08:30??) so we didn't have time even if we did want it. I thought this was quite unusual to start serving so late, so check this out when booking if you need an early start.Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you can get anywhere near as good a deal as we did. This was an above average hotel (especially for London) and well located for a quick stop over or a short break in London.	
Oct 18 2007 	Hated this hotel!!	I found this to be a terrible hotel and regret staying there. I found it so unappetising, with rodent bait in my smelly room, that in retrospect I would have preferred to have slept on a seat at the airport. I was at the airport on my way back to Canada when my travel plans were changed for business reasons. Most of the London hotels were booked up but this one was available on lastminute.com. I now understand why. Because of my work I stay in hotels for around 100 nights per year and this is certainly the worst hotel I have stayed at for some time. I believe the hotel is classed as 4 star and I find it interesting that I manged to find a 3 star hotel to move into and the 3 star hotel was infinitely better and significantly cheaper. I agree with the largely negative comments that have been posted about this hotel and really cannot understand how there are a few positive ratings. And yes, I found the claim of free internet access misleading as this was not available in the bedroom.The hotel was unwelcoming, unappealing, uncomfortable and unpleasant.	
Oct 10 2007 	When the basics aren't right...	Got this hotel through lastminute.com, as part of a hotel-theatre package, and I can see why it was the cheapest (&quot;top-secret deal!&quot;) option. The staff were courteous but disinterested, and don't all seem to have the same information about things like the price and availability of parking. We were told by one person on the phone that parking in the hotel's lot was first-come, first-served, but that there was a place available at the time we spoke. When we arrived at the hotel, we were told by a different person to use the NCP parking lot under the Hilton. And on checkout, when I asked how we could get the hotel's rate at the parking lot, the fellow seemed astonished, and assured me that there was no special deal, and &quot;our parking, madam? It's just our loading bay, and the manager parks there.&quot; When I suggested that he might like to ensure that all the staff were aware of the arrangements and price of parking, he simply shrugged and said, &quot;I'll check with the young lady you spoke to, madam,&quot; which is a phrase as suggestive of abdication of responsibility as any I've ever heard.To the room itself, however. The free wireless internet that is touted among the attractions of the place did not, in fact, work in our room. This was attributed (again with a disinterested shrug) to a problem with the router on the floor, but there seemed to be so sense that the problem could or ought to be sorted out. We had to go to the lobby, where the wireless worked perfectly, to pay our congestion charge online.The all-marble bathroom bore the scars of recent work done to the pipes, as the tiles behind the toilet had obviously been removed and replaced - even the ones that had broken! The fiberboard panel on the front of the bathtub had obviously suffered some recent damage, too (probably from the same leak), and its corners had expanded and no longer fit into the panel frame properly. Only one of the two lights in the bathroom worked and the tub itself - deep, and its base a few inches higher than the bathroom floor - was tricky to get in and out of if you were less than perfectly agile. The light in the closet didn't work, either.Some of this may sound overly particular, but it did occur to us to wonder whether, since the basics were so flawed and unreliable, the truly important stuff would be any better and whether we would, for instance, have fared well in the event of a fire or other disaster in this place and in the hands of a staff who so clearly didn't give a hoot.	
Sep 24 2007	Watch Out for Falling Objects!	I stayed at the Mews in beginning of September, mainly because of the location as the London office of the company I work for is just a few minutes walk away.After reading all the awful reviews here where guests were put in separate buildings and encountered problems with the staff, I told them not to dare put me in any strange separate building, or they will have a huge scandal on their hands. Needless to say, they gave me a nice single room, very small, but adequate. Still, the carpets, and draperies looked like they needed a revamp or at least a good cleaning. The clincher happened when I attempted to lower the blinds so I could have some privacy, and they came crashing down on my head, completely startling me. The staff looked very worried as I informed them of this incident, and had it fixed very quickly, I'll grant them that.All else was ok, but just in case, beware of falling objects! And don't pull too hard on the window blinds.	
Aug 29 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Wouls definitely recommend	I have stayed at the Park Lane Mews hotel on several occasions now and have never ever experienced anything other than a brilliant stay. I am a journalist who travels so am quite used to 4* hotels and I can honestly say this hotel is my favourite. The staff are courteous, polite and very helpful, the rooms are immaculate and spacious, the food is excellent and the hotel itself is absolutely beautiful. The location of the hotel is fabulous and I would recommend this hotel to anybody who enjoys the luxury a 4* plus can offer. Every time I am in London, this hotel is always my first choice!	
Aug 25 2007 	Great!!!!!	i stayed at this hotel with my family, we walked in and straight away were greated by freindly staff. They helped us to are room and it was magnificent a nice big cossie bed complimentry molton brown toiletries. a big lcd television. during the evening we went down for dinner i ordered the steak my wife had lamb cutlets and my children had burgers we all loved it we were stuffed after. also the decorating of the hotel is extrimly warming and traditional. it is in the most perfect location in london. if you are planning a trip to london you have to saty there. A++++++	
Aug 20 2007 	What a waste of money	I have stayed in some really nice 4* hotels in London, this was far from a 4* hotel. We arrived after a long train journey to be told our rooms were not yet available and to leave our bags in reception. We returned around 4 hours later to be told we had been upgraded to a 2 room apartment, which turned out to be a basement flat situated around the corner from the hotel, which at first glance seemed to be OK, until we spent the 1st night in there. Out of the 2 bathrooms only 1 had a shower and that was the worst shower i have ever experienced. The flat was the noisiest place i have ever stayed with noise from the upstairs apartment and noise from the road outside, we were kept awake both nights of our stay, when we mentioned this to reception on our 2nd night, he just shrugged and walked off, i have never experienced customer service as bad as this.It is a real shame as the hotel is situated in a great location.	
Aug 14 2007 	Terrible Hotel	We stayed at the hotel at the end of April 07, we were celebrating our friends 60th birthday and my husband's 62nd. We booked it on line for 6 double rooms, when we arrived there was only one double room avaible. after much debate and time wasting we were assured by the receptionist that as guests booked out that morning she would secure the further 5 double bedrooms. We left our luggage in the foyer confident in the knowledge that all would be sorted out by that evening.We arrived back at the hotel at about 11pm and were dumbfounded to find the two men at reception knew nothing of our bookings. also in reception were two other couples and family waiting for their rooms, they eventually offered us 1 double and 1 single room and an annex across the road for 4 people. As this was going on one of the receptionist got in a temper and walked out ( we wished we could). as it was now 2.30 am we accepted the rooms. Unbelievably the double allotted to us was already occupied by an elderly couple and when our friends used the key to get in the Lady was understandably as shocked as our friends.consequently 2 more people had to come to the annex which meant 8 people sharing 2 double bedrooms, 4 people had to sleep on the floor and no bedding was provided ( this is a hotel no bedding!!!)Sunday morning was a waste of time waiting for the manager who didn't show ( surprise). As we had to pay in advance we are still trying to get some compensation or apolagyStay well away	
Aug 1 2007 	Mice infestation!!!!!	We booked our hotel through lastminute.com - I have always had great hotels in london and was looking forward to the quaintness of a small room, etcWe were told at our arrival (3.30pm an hour or so after checkin) that all rooms were booked and they were putting us in their apartment around the corner.This apartment was definately not 4star - was sparce, not equipped with toilet roll or milk for the tea and coffee. There wasn't a phone to link to the hotel. You got a key which let you in to the room but you couldn't get into the building!!! You had to check in with the hotel and they would walk around with you and let you in - I mean really!I would have put up with all of this - since it was only for one night if it wasn't for the small rat or mouse that ran in front of me the next morning.When I went to complain the guy shrugged and said he would get his manager to call me....still waiting...	
Jul 15 2007 	Be warned do not go anywhere near - disgusting staff/rooms/hotel	BE WARNED IF YOU HAVE BOOKED THIS HOTEL CANCEL IT NOW...We arrived at the hotel, the reception was crowded and the three chairs were all taken up, we were left in the entrance holding our bags for close to 15 minutes before even being acknowledged. Finally they sat us down and demanded my credit card for the room. I understand that all hotels take a credit card to ensure all charges are covered, however there was no mini bar in the room and so i enquired as to why they required the card. Obviously this was a sore spot and the rude reception staff immediately went on the defence. I gave up and handed over my card, we were told our room number and made our way to the room.  I believe the hotel may have reserved the room they gave us for people taking advantage of your &quot;Top Secret&quot; offer because there is no way any sane person would pay full price for it. I was desperate to use the bathroom, but was disgusted when i found hairs on the toilet! I couldn't use it and so moved into the man room which was discusting. There were wires hanging out everywhere, the room was unfinished, the carpet looked like someone had been sick or gone to toilet on top of, the wallpaper was hanging off and the ceiling looked like it was about to collapse, of course i too pictures which i have attached for you to see what you send your loyal customers to. I immediately phoned reception and demanded to speak to the manager, the man on the phone insisted he was the manager (een though i knew he was the rude guy on recpetion) and i complained firstly about the lack of customer service, and secondly about the state of the room. He offered to send the housekeeper up, and implied i had planted the hairs on the toilet! It was horrible, and if i could have afforded to walk out of there i would have. Eventually we were moved to another room, however the first thing i spotted was hairs on the pillow! (i thought at this point they were taking the mickey) by this point my boyfriend and i were late for a lunch date and so we just kept the room. I feel let down by lastminute.com, i love the &quot;top secret&quot; hotel deals, but this was a joke. I dont think anyone from the company could have ever seen/stayed at this horrific hotel because if they had there is no way it would be on your website. Please take the time to see my pictures and understand why i am so upset. i didnt expect a palace, but this place looked like a shed.	
Jun 10 2007	Great location but pricey....	It was in a charming location, just off Park Lane, with a beautiful Lobby area. The service was outstanding, they even kept a huge suitcase for me for 3 days after I left the hotel! My only complaint is that the room was tiny, and it's hard not to feel utterly ripped off in London...mind you, it's all totally over-priced, so i can't really single this hotel out for negative treatment!	
May 20 2007 	Never Again	I booked 2 nights here at the last minute while I attended a training course. I had hoped to stay at a cheaper hotel such a a Premier Travel Inn but everywhere was booked and this was the cheapest I could find. The hotel is quite attractive, very quaint with nice oldy worldy decor. Unfortunately my stay went downhill from there. The reception staff consisted of a middle aged pompous and very patronising middle-aged man, and a rude incompetent teenage girl. The room was tiny, the smallest room I have ever stayed in, and I had to squeeze next to the toilet to allow enough room to shut the bathroom door. Breakfast was average but the &quot;restaurant&quot; was tiny so the unlucky guests who don't get a table have to sit on the low sofas in reception and eat their breakfast off the coffee table, while being watched by the people checking out. I ordered room service on one night, the price was extortionate for a luke warm over-cooked steak and soggy chips.I would not stay at this hotel again even if someone paid me, mainly because of the appalling staff attitude (I believe customer service is the most important part of a hotel stay). However, the location of the hotel is excellent and I would say this is the only good point. (Although most cab drivers seem to have never heard of it, you need to tell them it is tucked behind the park lane hilton). If your main priority is location I would recommend this hotel as it is probably one of the cheapest hotels in the area. Despite this though, I believe it is very overpriced for what it is.	
Apr 23 2007	Good location and affordable rooms	Booked this hotel for a Friday night out in London, via SecretHotels on lastminute.com.Hotel room wasn't large - but great for a short stay and handy location. Noise wasn't a problem at all. The room was in great condition and lovely Molton Brown toiletries on offer. Definitely recommend staying if the price is right!	
Apr 5 2007 	Great location and that's pretty much it	In a neighborhood of great and expensive hotels, like the Dorchester and The Metropolitan (where Robert De Niro's Nobu restaurant is located), the Park Lane Mews tries to compete with an impressive lobby. The minute you set foot in it, you start to expect the Earl of Gloucestershire to appear at any minute, puffing on his pipe. However, the rooms leave much too much to be desired. Old dirty carpets, beds not too comfortable, not a lot of space. Shower water took about 10 minutes to warm up, which can be tricky if you're in a hurry. Wireless internet did not work most of the time even though they had two servers in the hotel. So it's your call. If you want to stay at a chic location, close to Oxford Street and Picadilly, fine. The price is reasonable for London, very expensive for pretty much everywhere else on the planet. Staff are nice and courteous, except for the over-tanned girl that does the morning shift in the lobby. She is one of those women who probably think that her good looks are an excuse for not being polite or corteous, whereas most guests couldn't care less about it and would rather have nice manners before tanning salons.	
Mar 18 2007 	Too noisy!	The hotel was nice enough. The location was great, right behind the Hilton in Mayfair. But its location is also its downfall -- trucks entering and leaving (beep beep beep, crash, smash, bang!) the back entry of the Hilton (which is where the Park Lane Mews is located) kept me up all night.Don't stay here if you want to get a good night's rest.	
Jan 31 2007	Great Location - Helpful Staff	The Mayfair location is great and the room price was too. I was worried about some of the negative reviews but, happily, this wasn't what I found. The staff was helpful - suggesting good restaurant choices in nearby Shepard's Market. The hotel setting is amazingly quiet. With the window open, the loudest sounds were from jets flying high over central London. There was a variety of quality selections at the breakfast buffet. The restaurant manager added a touch of class each morning by deftly removing the unused table settings when I sat down. The rooms are compact and a bit worn - but everything tidy and clean. (I told the desk about a light fixture that didn't work and it was repaired when I got back from a walk). It's a place I'd return to and recommend to friends.	
Jan 23 2007	Pleasant for a short stay	We only stayed at this hotel for the one night as we were attending a function at the Hilton which incidentally is opposite. Our hotel room was small but clean. Rooms could do with a touch of modernising although they did have rather nice large lcd televisions on the wall! Would not want to spend any longer here especially as shower was very slow so took an age to rinse shampoo off my hair! Would stay here again when attending a function at the Hilton as it is around a third of the price.	
Jan 5 2007 	Positively Average Stay	Got a great price for this hotel - £70, booked at short notice on hotels.com. I have stayed in several hotels in the Mayfair area over the years and seldom found a price like this. One amusing aspect is that none of the staff even come from the UK. I spoke with Lithuanians, Russians, Africans and an officious and quite rude Turkish restaurant manager who quite vocally used the F-word with one of his staff in the restaurant!!!!. The reception is an improvised and inordinately slow facility. They couldn't find my booking, despite my handing them my internet site printed voucher. No bar (or quasi bar service). Restaurant was positively average in terms of quality and choice. When I arrived, the reception area was populated by one tall blonde Russian lady (of the night) waiting fer her rich arab beau to arrive and a couple of gun totting bodygaurds for some celeb or politician that was staying there. The (single) room was quite sizeable compared to many hotels in this part of town and had all the facilities that I wanted and a nice bath. In summary, the hotel was positively average and badly run, the price was good and the location was excellent. There are plenty of good pubs and restos in Shepherds Market which is 2 minutes walk away.	
Dec 11 2006 	Rude and unhelpfull	We booked a room here weeks in advance so we could spend our 10th anniversary in a nice hotel and were looking forward to a special weekend. When we arrived at the hotel we encountered rude staff who proceeded to ignore us. When they eventualy spoke to us they said they could not find our booking and made us wait for them to find it. We waited for ages before a very rude man told us that our booking was not real and there was no room available for us. They had obviously overbooked but proceeded to deny we had booked even though we had a reference number. There was no apology for this and it left us stranded in what appeared to a be a fully booked London. It took us nearly two hours to find another hotel as practically everything had gone due to the Christmas influx. By the time we did find another room we had wasted most of our day and it ruined our anniversary.	
Dec 11 2006 	Try Somewhere Else	Booked hotel through OPODO.Room wasn't ready unitl 5.30pm and the standard was not 4*. Our double room was small with a very noisy air conditioning unit and uncomfortable bed. They tried to make us pay for breakfast even though it was included in our booking. Then they overcharged us by £65 on check out and I had to insist on a refund before leaving the hotel. The reception staff haven't got a clue and don't seem bothered about the delays, etc. Note: several other guests also had cause to complain during our one night stay. Try somewhere else !!!	
Nov 22 2006 	Senior Management Failed Miserably		
Nov 6 2006 	Park Lane Mews		
Oct 29 2006 	Better location than expected		
Oct 16 2006	Cute but cramped		
Sep 15 2006	They failed to give a refund		
Aug 18 2006 	Gone Down Hill Since Being a Hilton		
Aug 15 2006	great little hotel		
Aug 11 2006 	Forget it !		
Aug 1 2006 	dont bother!		
Oct 28 2009 	Pesima experiencia		
Oct 11 2009 	Pessimo Hotel		
Sep 2 2009 	Precio relativamente alto para la calidad ofrecida		
Apr 9 2009 	Hotel agréable		
Mar 29 2009 	super		
Aug 26 2008 	Evitatelo		
Aug 13 2008 	Tranquillo		
