Nov 16 2009 	Refreshing Marriott	Stayed a long weekend at the Marriott with wife, son &amp; nephew.Reception staff and doormen very pleasant and cheerful.......nothing seemed to be a problem.Check in was very smooth and easy. Room was beautiful with very comfy bed and luxury bathroom and very clean. We had 2 rooms on the second floor, but was slightly disappointed with the view overlooking the atrium of the reception. Would have preferred a room with London skyline view.We spent most days in London, which meant a half hour tube ride each way, but it made staying at a very good 4 star hotel at a decent price worthwhile. The DLR stop is right outside the hotel, or the Jubilee line Canary Wharf station is 5 minutes walk.We didn't eat at the hotel as it seemed quite pricey, but for breakfast, we went to the Weatherspoons, or or there were a couple of decent cafes in the Canary Wharf shoppping centre 5 minutes walk away. Plenty of bars around Canary Wharf, or the hotel had a nice lounge for a drink.Overall, I would book this hotel again for a trip to London.	
Nov 14 2009 	Amazing Hotel and great location for food and the DLR!!!!!	I've stayed at London Marriott West India Quay on a number of occasions now. I keep coming back because of its central location to the wharf district. It is close to shopping , restaurants, etc and it's on the DLR line right outside the side door the tube station a couple blocks away. I also find it is very clean and staff are friendly and helpful. You have to pay for WiFi but the connection is great which is useful if you are in London for work. The Executive lounge is the best in the world and I have used several of them. The rooms/bathrooms were great with ample space set aside for suitcases in the rooms.	
Nov 11 2009 	Definitely go back - absolutely spotless	Having stayed in the centre of London last year we decided to stay a bit further out at Canary Wharf this year and especially because there was a Marriott hotel available. Having stayed in a Marriott before we did expect it to be good but this Marriott is definitely worth every penny. We had booked early and had been given a good deal for booking early. As we had requested a room with two double beds as we had our sone with us the only one disappointing this is that the rooms with two double beds face into the hotel and do not have an external view. On saying that the room was still of a good size, two double beds and a large television. The bathroom was spotless and the room was thoroughly cleaned every day.Although the hotel was a bit out of the centre it was easy to reach using the LDR and underground. However, at the weekend the LDR was not running and this did mean that travelling around was a bit more difficult.There are quite a few restaurants near the hotel and as many other reviewers had said breakfast in the hotel is quite expensive. We went to All Bar One near the hotel and had a lovely breakfast at a fraction of the cost.Jamies Italian is a lovely restaurant again near the hotel which again we ate in a couple of times. Had to wait for approximately 30 minutes but it was worth the wait.We would definitely go back to this hotel and area of London.	
Nov 6 2009 	SIMPLY the BEST hotel.. It was AMAZING!	Last week on the 31st oct me and my fiance went to stay at this hotel for the weekend as it was our annervasry... As soon as we arrived front of the hotel in the car, we had concierge opening the doors taking our luggage out to be delivered to out room as soon as we checked in, parking was a min walk from the hotel, was reasonable price.. As soon as we steped into the hotel the people working there greeting us on arival felt really wellcoming, people at the reception was lovely and upgraded our room to and executive king room, on the 6th floor.. With a river city view!!! WOW..room was HUGE.. With floor to celing windows, the views were breath takin.. the rooms had toiletries with slippers and robes.. COMFY BEDS, Curtains were amazing did not let any light through in the morning, felt as if its still night! Room service was GREAT, very clean too, they also brought lunch to our room. I would recommended this hotel to everyone.. overall I LOVED IT and will go back again!..I have uploaded few photo's ... but its SO much better when your there than the photo's xxx	
Nov 1 2009 	Marriot at West India Quay is a great week-end option.	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in October, and would highly recommend it. Because of advance booking and the fact that our stay was at a week-end, we got great rates. The location is excellent - both DLR and Underground are minutes away and its a short journey into central London. The view onto the Quay is lovely, and its very pleasant to sit by the Quayside for a coffee/meal. The nearby shopping centre is also very convenient, with some good-quality shops. Our room was very high quality, and the bed was superb - possibly the best nights sleep we've ever had in any hotel. Furniture and fittings were of good quality and in good taste, and the room was very well soundproofed. Its expensive, but if you can get a week-end rate its definitely value for money. (When booking - ask for a room in the &quot;tower&quot; part of the hotel).	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Hotel nice location idea for London	Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend, very nice clean good staff. location was good plenty to do near the tube and the DLR.	
Oct 25 2009 	Convenient for a long weekend	We stayed at this hotel for a long weekend to take in shows and enjoy some fine dining in London itself.The hotel is well situated adjacent to Canary Wharf and we took advantage of a three night for the price of two nights deal, which was marvellous for the location.Sadly the DLR is not running to West India Quay and the Jubilee line was also stopped on the saturday we stayed there. This made getting to and from the hotel not as easy as we anticipated.The hotel is nicely appointed and the room was quite comfortable however it was inconsistent with other Marriotts I've stayed in. The towels were inordinately small and I have to report several minor faults with the facilities in the room, which were rectified during our stay.We would definitely stay there again, but hope they took on board our comments about the towels!	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Modern Hotel	Arrived for a two night stay with my partner as we were seeing the Madonna concert at the 02. As soon as we arrived at the hotel the customer service was outstanding, and the hotel decor is ultra modern and clean. Our room had a king size really comfortable bed, was very clean and a good size. All this for £75 a night, we had a special deal as had booked 5 mths in advance.As you step outside the hotel there are bar's and restaurants all around and it was great being in Canary Wharf itself.A great hotel and stay.	
Oct 14 2009 	The West India Key Marriott - Amazing location and views but at a price	We decided that life is too short, and that we would treat ourselves to a good quality Hotel, when we went down to see Ben Hur at the O2 in October. We spent just over twice what we would normally spend on a Hotel room, and were as excited about seeing the hotel room as we were about the event.The room we got was on the eighth floor, the higest floor for Hotel rooms, all above that are apartements, but even from this height, the view across the Quay and into London was breathtaking from our floor to ceiling windows. The standard of the room was great too - everything clean and tidy and the quality of fittings seemed fitting for the price. Would we do it again? No - probably not - but I'm really pleased that we did it the once - there was something very special about popping outside and having a coffee on the Quay, and then theres that view.....maybee I would do it again....for that view.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed just for one night, and really enjoyed it. The rooms were excellent, beds just divine! superb bed linen - had great nights sleep for a change in a hotel. Location was good, lots of wine bars etc, nearby. We ate in the restaurant and had excellent Lobster and Black cod - Service and food were excellent. We usually stay at The soho, in London itself, but were on our way back from Gatwick, so just decided to stay over for an extra night, glad we did!	
Oct 12 2009 	Great hotel!	Stayed at the Marriott WIQ while visiting London for my husband's birthday. We loved the hotel, great room, very comfy bed :) and a view overlooking the docklands which looked amazing at night when all the office buildings were lit up. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as we thought it was a little overpriced but instead used the local Wetherspoons which was much more pocket friendly. All in all we really enjoyed our stay, the hotel was brilliant and we'd definitely stay there again even though it is a bit further out of the centre.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fabulous hotel. Perfect location for O2 events	We stayed here for one night as we were going to an event at the O2 Arena. We booked it as we got a great deal (would highly recommend shopping around and then getting them to price match) and the location was excellent with bother West India station and Canary Wharf station within spitting distance. The only problem was the day before we arrived we were notified that there would be engineering works on various lines which meant that both stations nearby were out of action! Fortunately we managed to get the DLR to Westferry and it was only a short 5 minute walk from there. Once we arrived at the hotel we were a little apprehensive as the lower entrance certainly lacks grandure but the 5 star service we received at the front desk soon convinced us that we had made the right decision! The lady on the reception was so so helpful and expained every possible route for us to get to the O2 with very helpful maps and diagrams. We had booked a king size room with a view onto the water. The room was not exceptionally large but the facilities ad the view were great. I would have preferred it if we could have had small openers on the windows just to get some fresh air in the room as air conditioners simply dont do it for me and that made the room feel a little claustrophobic. But I am sure its all some Health and Safety issue.We went next door to Browns for a bite to eat before the event at the O2 and I would highly recomend you avoid this place at all costs! The staff were ignorant and the food is overpriced and tasteless. Sadly, we discovered afterwards that there are plenty of quality places to eat either at the arena, around the various shopping malls that surround the hotel, down at Canary Wharf where you can catch the Thames Clipper (highly recomend) or even at the hotel itself.After the event we returned to the hotel bar on the ground floor (there are a couple of different bars) which was in full swing at 11:30pm playing an excellent eclectic variety of music. AT that time of night they only charge to the room so you are guaranteed to share the bar with guests of the hotel only. The staff were lovely and friendly although I would stick to bottles rather than the draft lager as it was not pleasant tasting! Had a lovely peaceful nights sleep in our feather free room and check out in the morning was quick and easy even though they were run off the feet from a wedding party all checking out at the same time.We would definately return here again for future O2 events but would shop round a bit more for somewhere better to eat!	
Oct 10 2009	Excellent Accomodation and a great value to boot.	This is a great hotel and if you keep your eyes on Marriott's Price matching guarantee, it can be had for a wonderful value. Even thought this hotel is not in the middle of downtown London, the DLR station is literally outside. It is around a 20 minute train ride into the center of London. I highly recommend this hotel for its respective value, a solid 4 star hotel with easy access to the city. The staff was great and the room was very nice and a stones throw away from the Cannary Warf district.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great Marriott experience	Stayed here for just the one night when going to the 02 arena. Whislt it's clearly aimed at the business market (understandbly being right in the middle of the business centre of Canary Wharf), it is a great place to stay to have a different experience of London. If you are going to anything at the 02 I would thoroughly recommend it.As previous reviewers have pointed out, the service is excellent, the room we had was a good size with a nice view of the water, and the location for shopping (every single shop I can think of is in Canary Wharf) and eating (Browns just outside the hotel) is super.	
Sep 26 2009 	Extremely disappointed with this marriot hotel!	When myself and my partner arrived at the hotel our first impression was fantastic, its a beautiful hotel and looks spotless.When we booked the room online we asked for a double bed when we got there the lady behind the desk simply told us that the hotel was fully booked and could only offer us 2 single beds. We were not happy with this so asked her if she could double check she found us a room for people with disabilities which had a double bed in. This was all fine but we couldnt stay in that room we just didnt feel very comfortable in there. We went back to reception and asked if we could see the 2 single bed room the ladies first reaction was &quot;no its not like you booked a deluxe suite your just standard&quot; i honestly cannot believe someone who works at a hotel especially at the main point and speaks to clients like that. Apart from being completely embarrased by the treatment we received,the hotel looks fantastic we stayed there for 4 days found the hotel lovely apart from our room arrangements.	
Sep 21 2009 	No problems	Went to see hockey at the O2 Arena. The hotel was convenient for it with US meida types for the game also staying there.No problems and would recopmmend for anyone staying in or around Canary Wharf.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel	We stayed here for a couple of nights. Its a nice hotel, rooms are reasonably sized - not overly big but functional. I get the impression its more of a business hotel serving the various financial insitutions than for tourists. Its a bit out of the way for visiting central London. Staff were helpful though and the restaurant was good.	
Sep 14 2009 	Professional Service and Relaxing Stay	The hotel is lovely and primarily aimed at serving business guests. It's not too far from the city centre, but more of a hike in and out of the centre nr. Hyde Park. The hotel service and staff are courteous, professional, and concerned about the guests and their overall experience. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and have all the amenities you expect from a hotel of this class. The staff are prompt to resolve any issues and concerned for the guests' experience. Despite the great hotel and rooms, the shower was disappointing and not to the standard of everything else. The lack of hot and consistent flow of water was frustrating, considering the long day and hot conditions at a local convention. I believe its the brand of showers Marriott use, as the St. Pierre in Chepstow has a similar system and similar operational disappointment. The bed and overall sleeping/rest experience was great and enjoyed the large pillows and firmness of the bed. Breakfast and overall bar/dining experience was positive. I'd recommend staying again for business trips and large group/business meetings.	
Sep 13 2009 	Stylish hotel	Location:Very good. In a quite lively business district. Right next to the DLR taking you into London center in a few minutes. Clean and safe area.Reception and staff in general:Just fine. Kind and polite. Lots of smiles and good advice.Restaurant:Only used the breakfast restaurant. Very good selection, Good quality of food.Rooms:Stayed in a standard room. This one with poor view. Try to get the ones with views of the Thames if possible.Facilities were good. Tv with wide selction of channels. Bed very comfortable.Mini bar with usual extreme prices.	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel in fantastic location	Stay 4 nights at the Marriott West India Quay. Was lucky to get a Quay View room in the Glass Tower section of the building, with a fantastic view of the Canary Wharf office towers.Whilst the front of the hotel is not that impressive, once you have checked in, you room key offers access directly onto West India Quay, access to the Docklands Light Railway &amp; the footbridge to Canary Wharf. My room was very comfortable &amp; spotlessly clean. Very well appointed. Staff were efficient, friendly &amp; knowledgeable. My only complaint was the extremely high cost of internet access! The Docklands Light Railway offered easy access to the rest of the city &amp; also to the City Airport &amp; across to Greenwich. Hotel, whilst not in London, was a great alternative compared to hotel rooms of a similar price within the city itself - a great alternative for those making return visits to London wanting a different perspective.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice hotel	Hotel right next to the Docklands light railway, no noise even though our room overlooked the station.Check in very fast and simple, room very large and had lots of 5 star items..robes, mini bar etc etc.Good selection of TV channels, did notice the cost of film channels was about £22 per day rather than a price per film, didnt bother us as we were at a function so spent minimal time in room.Restaurant bit cramped for breakfast round 10am, rest of the time ok...food excellent .. All in all a lovely hotel and as its outside the tourist areas but next to the rail network a perfect place to stay if visiting the capital	
Sep 2 2009 	Location 	We stayed here for one night on the 25th of July as relatives were in town and had chosen to stay at this hotel. We had made separate bookings but asked the hotel if they could gives us rooms alongside each other, which they duly did.Checking in was simple and effective and we had a good room with a view over the docks and the bars outside. The Marriott bed is extremely comfortable. There are two downsides to the rooms though – 1) there was an annoying small step into the bathroom (which may have been unique to our room) this was odd given it is a new hotel and 2) the rooms are not geared up to take families. This is obviously not a family hotel, given the location to Canary Wharf it isn’t too surprising, so be prepared to squeeze up if you have more than one child. We had the fold out bed already made up for our eldest, but the younger one had to sleep with us – not a huge problem as the double bed is huge.Breakfast in the Curve restaurant the next morning was expensive (around £23 per person), the children did eat for free though and the selection was very good. For a good way to start a lazy Sunday you could do much worse!If you need to be anywhere near Canary Wharf then the Marriott is an excellent choice as it is next to the West India Quay DLR (Docklands Light Railway – fantastic) station. It is also easy to reach by car (although we know the area and where we are going, not sure it would be so easy to find for a first time visitor). There is a multi-storey car park across the street and we managed to pre-book parking on the internet for just £5 (arriving at 3pm on Saturday and leaving at 12pm on Sunday), which we still can’t believe!Liked – The location and the bed.Disliked – Lack of family space.	
Sep 1 2009 	Very high quality - yet a bit	I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. The service was exellent, the rooms very clean, and the breakfast perfect.Still I did not feel the overall experience was more than four stars on a good day. The hotel is very stereotype. It could have been everywhere, since the rooms look like rooms do in hotels all over the world. They did not have anything that three stars hotels do not have. Not even a internet connection do you get - something that many other hotels have. Here you have to pay.Still we enjoyed our stay, and I recommend if for certain types of visit.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent hotel but watch the service charge!	Stayed for 3 nights the hotel was superb and the staff excellent. Be aware of the 12.5% service charge at the bar! I refused to pay it as it is discretionary and the barman became quite huffy I explained I did not mind tipping but I was not going to pay 44p for him to pass hte Stella across the bar!!West India Quay area is great and the breakfasts at All Bar One and Wetherspoons are excellent value for money.Be aware if you are arriving by DLR from Bank the DLR does not stop at West India Quay and you have to get off at Canary wharf and either walk or take a DLR from the opposite platform back towards Bank to get off at West India Quay.I would stay at this hotel anytime it was great and really quiet.	
Aug 31 2009 	Excellent- Comfortable-good location and recommended	We stayed here for 3 nights at end of August. The hotel is situated in Canary Wharf- 5mins from easily accessible tube- 10 mins to Centre of London.** Booked through the hotel direct as found best price and Reward Points **** THE HOTEL IS THE LARGE GLASS BUILDING AS DESCRIBED **We stayed on the 4th floor- overlooking the river with a lovely view - and a skyline at night.Very comfortable, large room- superb kingsize bed- television- and facilities.Large, clean bathroom- minibar with kettle and large closet with plenty of space.Good air conditioning, as you cannot open windows.Breakfast gets VERY busy- would recommend Room Only and going out and about- Camden is not far away! and good choice of coffeeshops and bars all aroundHighly recommended for location- superb range of bars and restaurants very close by- shopping 5 mins away- Browns and La Tasca across the way.Although busy after 5.30- with bars becoming full- a relaxed and enjoyable atmosphere can be found all around. Cinema round the corner- parking across the road and easy Tube or DLR in 10 mins.River boats are 5 mins away for a unique way to visit the centre of London and explore the riverside.Staff were helpful and courteous. Hotel is very well appointed, smart and stylish. Very clean, attractive and comfortable. Good security- and again- a great view.Good map with all local facilities and entertainment provided. Canary Wharf is well worth a look around for nice drinks and eating. Excellent location to stay and watch a show.. GO SEE PRISCILLA-QUEEN OF THE DESET- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice room. Close to transport - Would stay again.	Stayed at this hotel recently with my wife. Nice large room and although a bit dated, it was clean and had all the standard features. My only gripe is the hotel does not include free WIFI like most other hotels in Europe. I think they were charging 3 pound per 15 minutes etc. Location wise, the hotel is a bit out of town but as previously mentioned the DLR is literally next door and using the rail system was a breeze and it took 20 mins to get into the city proper. All in all I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Nice hotel but there is some room for improvement	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights during my August Europe trip. The hotel rooms are superb for London starndards. Great beds and nice clean bathrooms. Check in was a breeze and the concierge even helped us find some late night delivery on our last night. Location is OK, it is not central London more the business district; however, the DLR train makes it real easy to get to and from the center. I also recommend the water taxi, it is a great way to see London.There is some room for improvement this Marriott could work on. We had a drink in the bar during our 1st night and noticed a service charge on our bill. This is not typical in the UK and I don't see why it should be typical at the Marriott. In addition, during our last night we were woken by maintenance knocking on our door at around 830am. They wanted to know if we were vacating today, because they needed to check the electrical in the room. This kind of p*ssed me off since we had a late night, the night before and the DO NOT DISTURB sign was on the door. Checking out was not as easy as check in. There was only 2 receptionist working at the desk and a huge disorganized queue formed at the front desk causing a bit of a nightmare. After 30 minutes of standing around, I was finally able to check out. Other than the above flaws, the hotel was very nice! I would recommend this hotel and would consider staying there again in the future.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great hotel great location.	I stayed for two nights at The Marriott West India Quay, with my boyfriend for my birthday. The stay was great. The hotel is located right next to the Docklands Light Railway and you can easily get into London from here. It took about 10mins to get from West India Quay to Bank. And about 20mins to get from West India Quay to Oxford Circus.The service throughout the hotel was fantastic. They were extremely welcoming and also made sure I had a great room because I was celebrating my birthday. A previous reviewer mentioned that the tall building in the photographs is not The Marriott. They are actually incorrect. The tall building in the photo's is The Marriott as my room was situated in this building overlooking the dock. They also have a smaller building attached to the back of this building which holds the reception, business centre, conference rooms, lounge etc and also some floors of rooms above. They also have bedrooms within the tall building but some of those floors further up house the serviced apartments.My room was lovely, large and clean with a huge bed. My boyfriends quite a big guy and there was plenty of room for us both with space inbetween. The tv channels were pretty basic but there are paid for services available. But it's not like we were there to watch tv. Both the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean, modern and comfortable. Every person we dealt with within the hotel was polite, helpful and friendly. They were professional in every manner. You felt like they would bend over backwards to help you. Nothing was too much trouble.We had breakfast included with our stay and the spread put on was fantastic. Everything you could possibly want. There was cooked breakfast; sausages, bacon, beans, scrambled egg, tomatoes, hash browns, mushrooms. This was a buffet type affair where you helped yourself. All food was well covered and displayed. Range of juices, tea and coffee. Toast, muffins, pastries, coissants, jams. Cheese, smoked salmon, fruit. Several different boxes of breakfast cereal. There was even a guy ready to make you an omelette with filling of your choice or fry you some eggs.Myself and my boyfriend personally loved the West India Quay location. We found it a very european looking area with wide streets, lots of small park areas and lots of greenery, flowers and trees. It was nice to be next to the water. Right next to the hotel is a row of restaurants including Browns and La Tasca. Even on a Sat night the area was relaxed and not too busy. There were people milling around, and it was nice to be out of the hustle and bustle of the city centre to wind down and relax on an evening.We'd been given a map of the area at the hotel when checking in and we were told about a big shopping centre that is there which, we didn't get chance to see. Right next to the hotel is a cinema as well so I think there is plenty of things to keep you amused. One of the things which impressed me and I really loved about the whole West India Quay and Canary Wharf area was just how spotless it was. It was so clean!I think if you're wanting the fast paced, hectic London then this area might be a bit quiet for you. We liked the combination of being able to get into London to see some of the galleries and go for a few drinks in Soho, and the quiet relaxed area of West India Quay without being too far out of the city centre.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good modern hotel	This is a modern hotel in the Canary Wharf area which is on the east side of London.The hotel is right next to the Docklands Light Railway station at West India Quay and about five minutes walk to Canary Wharf tube station, which is on the Jubilee line. It takes about 30 minutes to get to central London.There are many shops, restaurants and bars in the locality. There is a line of 6 bars/restaurants right next to the hotel.Rooms are spacious, well equiped, modern and clean. Bathrooms also well appointed.The Hotel restaurant does a good if not spectacular breakfast. For lunch and dinner, there is a seafood theme, although not exclusively - the steaks are good. Food is of very good quality and the service is friendly.There is a gym on site and a cinema just accross the road.It is a good place to stay, in a cool and modern part of London that is not far from the centre of the city.	
Aug 6 2009 	Good Rate OK location	We stayed for three nights recently in this hotel. The rate was quite good (hotels are more expensive in the UK than I am used to in Canada).It is a pretty standard Marriott type hotel, very comfortable bedding, good amenities, etc.The location is quite a ways out of town if you are relying on public transit. It is very handy to the DLR station which transfers you to the Tube, but you have to make a couple of changes in order to get to the tourist attractions downtown. The transfers on the Tube aren't just walking across a platform... they are long walks up and down flights of stairs in cramped and crowded underground stations. Expect to take 30-45 minutes to get into the tourist areas.We got a hint from a relative who lives in London to take the River taxi into town instead. It is a little more expensive than the plain Tube day-pass but we found it well worth it. It has stops at most of the large tourist attractions and terminates at the London Eye. You have to take a short 5 minute walk from the hotel to get to the river taxi but it is much more pleasant and shorter than the walking you have to do in order to transfer between DLR and Tube stations.If you go the River taxi route AND also need to use the tube in the same day, get your Tube day pass from the DLR station beside the hotel before you get the river taxi. If you have an all day travelcard for the tube you get a big discount on the river taxi which basically gives you the day pass for free.	
Aug 5 2009 	Not 5-star or the glass tower in the picture but nice nonetheless.	On a recent vacation to London we wanted to be situated outside the congestion zone but on the public transit line. A Buy-2-Get-1-Night-Free special at this &quot;5-star&quot; hotel seemed like a great option. First to debunk the marketing. The large glass tower shown in all the pictures is not the hotel. The Marriott is a 6-story brick building on the back side of the glass tower. And as for 5-star, the doormen are aggressive and staff are everywhere like in a 5-star, but the hotel is decidedly 4-star, which is to be expected at the available room rates.Hotel location turned out to be fantastic. It is in the heart of Canary Wharf, with excellent restaurants and pubs open late, a DLR line next to the hotel, and daytime shopping and post office across the river walking bridge. Try Bar 38 and Brown's for dinner!The room was nicely appointed with a comfortable bed and outstanding bathroom. It's worth mentioning though that there is an unexpected tile step into the bathroom which will stub unsuspecting toes!Parking is expensive in a car park one block away, internet is not free in the room or the lobby despite the vague description on the website, and breakfast is not included. The mall across the way has a few good options, though. Overall a good experience.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great value at weekends	We stayed for 3 nights across the weekend of 18/20 July. The rate was fantastic for the quality of hotel. We upgraded to the exec floor when we checked in as that included free breakfasts and free use of the exec lounge on the 7th floor (which was very useful) as well as a great view. The DLR station is right next door and there are frequent trains to Tower Hill or Bank. The staff were good and the rooms what you would expect from a Marriott. The area around Canary Wharf is nice with plenty of bars and restaurants. My only gripe with the hotel was the cost of drinks in the bar but that was easily dealt with by not drinking there! The pool was also closed during our visit which was disappointing as we hadn't been told when booking.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great hotel within easy reach of the city centre	Fantastic hotel which was made better by the complimentary upgrade we were given on arrival, not too far from the city centre only around 10 minutes on the underground from waterloo. Just far enough to escape the hustle and bustle of the city centre, the hotel is surrounded by great bars and restaurants with reasonable prices. Would definatly stay at this hotel again	
Aug 2 2009 	convenient	Excellent location for getting in and out of the centre of London., adjacent to a DLR station. Excellent shopping facilities withinn 2 minutes, great bars and restaurants.	
Jul 23 2009 	Fantastic hotel.....	We stayed in the Marriot West India Quay for our anniversary and I have to say it is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The service was excellent, the food was excellent and a special mention to Richard the concierge who helped us tremendously who was also excellent as was Michael on reception. We stayed in one of the curve suites which is by far the place to be. Beautiful views, close to the DLR and the shops at Canary Wharf. It is definitely worth getting the river buses to Central London from Canary Wharf too, it beats the tube!!! Great stay.	
Jul 21 2009 	GREAT hotel - fantastic for young children 	We stayed mid July on a Saturday nite in room 510 - 2 adults aged late 20's and a young baby, just 14 weeks old! I am a Gold Marriott reward member and althou we didnt get an upgrade as such, they did give us a room with a view out onto the quay which was really lovely. Beautiful hotel, aimed at the business/financial district during the week so all the rooms, bar and reception area are decorated to impress!  We arrived at Lunch time and pulled up outside the hotel and the door staff helped us unload the car and took our stuff up to our room, which really helped with all our 'baby luggage'. The lady at reception was so kind when checking us in, we felt very welcome. We went up to our room which was spacious and clean and we had a portable crib in the room also (free, althou it says on the website they may charge, they dont. we phoned ahead to make sure and to ensure it would be in the room ready when we arrived so our baby would definatly have a bed to sleep in!!!) along with our pushchair/stroller and all our luggage and there was PLENTY of space! They also gave us extra towels for the baby which helped.We booked a basic room with out breakfast for £80 and it was a good choice. If you stay at this hotel, dont feel you need to purchase a room with breakfast or pay extra for it!! (it says in the room it is £20 per person) as there is a Whetherspoons just a 2 minute stroll from the hotel along the quay side. We had a big breakfast for under £10! MUCH better value! Location wise it was great for us. The DLR is right next to the hotel or the Jubilee line is a 2 minute walk just across the quay. Both of these are buggy friendly with lifts to make getting into town easy. The Jubilee was especially helpful, as you can get on at Canary Whaft and in just 10 - 15 min you can get off at Bond Street AND at Bond Street there are escalators for the buggy, rather than the 2 of us adults carrying it up the stairs! I recommend if you are traveling to this hotel at a weekend to ensure the Jubilee line and DLR are in full working order. For going out, if you exit the hotel on the ground floor out the quay-side exit and turn right, there are several restaurants (incl. La Tasca) and some cocktail bars, a nightclub and of course the Whetherspoons. La Tasca and Whetherspoons were familiy friendly, even at 8pm dinner on a saturday nite in La Tasca! However, the next day we explored the area around the hotel rather than going into the centre of London and found that if you walk across the bridge over the Quay there is the Canada shopping center (next to the Jubilee line station) which on the top floor has restaurants such as Pizza Express AND my favorite (being an American living in the UK!) Chili's!!!! Also of course lots of shops and cafe's, again very baby friendly for feeds etc. As for parking, there is a big car park and a Cinema complex across the road from the Hotel entrance. It says it costs £15 to park for up to 24 hours, but we parked for 25 hours and it costs us £5, which was fantastic. Just be prepared that it MIGHT cost you the full £15! Perhaps it was a weekend rate, I dont know! Overall, my partner and i have stayed in many hotels in london, both marriott and also Holiday Inn, and this is our favourite so far as it is so baby friendly, and if u havnt got any kids then you can still stay at the hotel and have access to bars, restaurants and even a cinema or nightclub with out having to travel into the centre of London. We would definately stay here again and recommend it to anyone!	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent hotel and location	Stayed for 2 nights. Had a double room on the end alongside the DLR. The room was HUGE - in fact, it was more like a suite! No noise at all, very clean, and an excellent location near to the DLR tube station and a host of restaurants. Canary Wharf shops an easy stroll away. Breakfast was brilliant with an endless choice, some freshly prepared by the chef. The location does mean you are a little further out, but the tube system is easy to use, and the riverside location was a breath of fresh air from staying in central London.	
Jul 8 2009 	Not as good as it should have been for a 5* hotel	Not sure if we caught them of a particularly 'off' couple of days, but we were very disappointed by our experience. Service was indifferent, room was average and overlooking the DLR. Small touches missing such as no offer of newspaper, no bath robes, expensive and slow internet access, and automatic tip put on all drinks. Good location but clearly aimed at the business man, perhaps they can demand the high cost of the rooms and food as most of it is probably claimed back in expenses anyway!!! We would not go here again	
Jun 29 2009 	Great location great hotel	Booked for 3 nights and only paid for 2 as there is a special offer at the weekends. It was £119 per night for 2 adults and 2 children. This is a bargain in any town let alone London! Rooms spacious and very comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included in the room rate for 2 adults &amp; 2 children and was superb. Chefs cook to order eggs - fried, poached, benedict, etc. as well as pancakes, hash browns and waffles. In addition you can help yourself to bacon, sausages, muffins, croissants, rolls. Hotel is located next to the DLR and although it is a little distance from central London, it is a lovely location and is that bit more restful and quiet being out of the centre of the city. In any case, the DLR runs until late and a daily travelcard is excellent value.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fantastic location and great value if you can get an APEX deal	Fantastic location as this hotel is right next door to the DLR West India Dock station and only an easy 10 minute walk to the Canary River Pier where you can catch the Thames Clipper boats. If you are coming to London to go to an O2 Arena concert, then this is the place to stay. We bought a couple of £12 All day river passes and had a great day going to Greenwich and the 02 as well. The hotel is modern, clean and well sound proofed but I wouldn't want a room overlooking the squeaky DLR railway. Breakfast was not quite the 5 star standard we are used to, with awful bisto gravy coffee and erratic service letting it down. Other than that, a very good place to stay and if you can book and pay in advance, there are some great deals around.	
Jun 20 2009 	Overall good	Very nice hotel, with good service, although not up to five star standard. Got a 6am wake-up call one morning, not meant for my room, and the towels were the smallest ones I’ve ever seen!Food and drink very expensive, and tip added to everything automatically, even when you order drinks from the bar – which is a bit much.Location was great, just next to West India Quay tube station and not noisy at all.Was value for money, as I got a special rate, although I would be reluctant to pay more.	
Jun 20 2009 	Good all round place to stay	I stay at the Marriott Canary Wharf about once a month, usually for business and sometimes for pleasure. The staff are very helpful and service is good overall. The rooms are standard Marriott, comfortable, clean and well appointed but not particularly large. Some rooms near the Docklands Railway are noisy, and some have water tap noise problems. The laundry service is good but pricey. The in room broadband internet works okay but it's annoying that you can only buy access for up to one hour and then it drops you and you have to start over again, I don't understand why it does not have an extend feature. The bar is good and serves a wide selection of food, you can also get the restaurant meu in the bar. The restaurant is good enough in terms of food and service but lack atmosphere for the evening. The breakfast is excellent in terms of choice and quality of both hot and cold food. The location is great for business, shopping and dining in Canary Wharf (the range of shops and restaurants available in the area is good these days). The hotel is easy to access from City Airport by taxi or Docklands Railway (get off at Poplar and walk 2 minutes to save time connecting to the West India Quay station next to the hotel). Getting into the City or West End is also not difficult, about 15 to 30 minutes by train hence we use it for pleasure as well. It's a bit hard to find a black cab right at the hotel and they tend to offer private taxis which are not so good (sometimes expensive and do not always know where they are going).	
Jun 9 2009 	Superb hotel	Tucked behind the glass tower shown in the photo (which are private apartments and not part of the hotel), the hotel is very handy for those arriving by car (just off the main A2 road to SE England/M25), plane or train (DLR connecting to London City Airport is right outside the hotel and central London is 30mins by DLR/Tube). The O2 Dome is also very close by. Car parking is at a secure multi-storey 50m down the road (£15 a day during the week, £5 a day at the weekend). First some warnings: There's some kind of building work across the road from the hotel but this is seen and not heard. If you are on the east side of the hotel and the 1st-3rd floors, you will look right onto the DLR tracks. That's it.Now the good points: Rooms are good-sized for London and very well-equipped. The king-size beds are as advertised; huge. Very nice bar with a terrace overlooking the dock. Friendly and professional service all round which cannot be faulted. Didn't have the breakfast so can't comment on that but as hotel breakfasts are usually expensive buffets, an alternative is a Wetherspoons pub 100m along the dock which does huge breakfasts for not much money.Outside the hotel, along the dock, is a strip of late bars and restaurants. Across the footbridge are several more (for watching sport on tv, the Fullers pub across the bridge has a large tv in its window so you can watch from your table outside). Using the Jubilee Line tube station 300m away (direct to Borough Market, Westminster, Oxford St, Lords cricket ground and Wembley) or the DLR to Bank Tube (for multiple lines) will both get you from hotel room to the bright lights within 30mins. Coming back late, the regular N15 night bus stops 400m away.Overall; very nice hotel, great location among the shining towers and old wharf buildings of Docklands, great transport links into central London and superb value for money, especially the weekend deals.	
Jun 3 2009 	We loved it	Being a Marriott opposite Canary Wharf, it would be surprising if this hotel did not have a high quality finish, or poor room comfort and cleanliness. What surprised me was the value of their advanced offers, which are an absolute steal for the quality on offer, however the rack rate was eye watering.We were upgraded to a suite (a Marriott gold card helped with this but ask - others have upgraded us without the gold card) which was fabulously furnished with modern beds and sofas. Perhaps the highlight was the luxurious bathroom and dressing rooms which I wish that I could take home with me.We ate breakfast in the Executive Lounge, which was adequate if not entirely memorable. It's hard to fault this hotel - despite being a modern large chain they have managed to get some personality as well as the quality that I'm accustomed to within a Marriott. We'll be back :)	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Room Service location	We stayed at this hotel over the bank holiday week-end. Since its a business area, we had a great price for the room for the week-end. Although Canary Wharf is east from center London, it is very accessible through the DLR and Jubilee tube. Great location with many restaurants nearby and a nice waterfront on the quays. Rooms were standard Mariott size which for London is large. Rooms were very clean and well kept in this new modern hotel. Bed was very comfortable. We had a view overlooking the quay and the high rises at Canary Wharf. Front desk staff was very helpful in arranging transportation to Paddington at a fixed price which we could charge to the room. This helped conserve our cash and let us use our credit cards for the currency exchange.	
May 27 2009 	Large room and comfortable stay	We booked the Marriott offer - stay 3, pay for 2 - and were very satisfied of this hotel.It offers an alternative location for London stay, which I found convenient choice.Staff was great, hotel property was comfortable and this hotel has large room which is significant for London stay. For room locations there are three options: podium, where most of the rooms are located and they have either inner yard view or view to the DLR rail track and other construction site. Some room in podium has side view to the canal, wharf area. The are fewer rooms in the main building having view to the canal and Canary Wharf area. We got podium room with inner yard view. Bit a disappointment, however there were major cons which made our stay a good one. I recommend this hotel asPros:- Large room, surprisingly good space and windows from floor to the ceiling.- Clean room and property, this is quite new hotel.- Two very comfortable beds and mattress. - Soundproof in the room - this was mainly caused by podium location. We enjoyed this comfortable privacy every day after London´s great atmosphere. - Very good breakfast with cook on the spot, variety of hot and cold choices and also some healthy food options. Staff instantly served coffee and tea of your choice and clearing politely your table during breakfast and bring new serve, tableware. Also breakfast room had view to wharf- Good amenities in room- Roomy wardrobe- Air condition: not noisy not too powerful, excellent at bathroom.- Alternative location.Cons:- Alternative location might be minus for some guests visiting in London. However metro line and DLR line are useful. 8 min trip to Tower Bridge station.	
May 27 2009 	So Clean 	This was my second stay at the hotel. On arrival we were given a kingsize room on the 2nd floor, unfortunately the view was directly looking on to the DLR train station and it was quite noisy.Called reception and got moved to the 3rd floor with 2 twin beds joined together which didn't bother me as it was looking over the water and so much quieter. The room as always was spotless and the beds are so comfy! I'm a very light sleeper and could have slept for hours as the hotel is so quiet.Staff are very polite and helpful. Feel like royalty when you stay there. Only grudge is paying for Wi-fi which should really be free in a 5 star hotel.Had a few drinks in the hotel which are expensive but always are in hotels. Visited nearby bar Via which is great for cocktails and La Tasca for lunch. Would go back and the 3 nights for the price of 2 was great.	
May 23 2009 	Great stay in London Docklands	We love to spend a few days in London whenever we have the chance and this year we decided to stay in the new Dockland area. The West India Quay Hotel proved to be a good choice. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, definetely above average. The rooms are nice, not large, but a good size for London. The breakfast was excellent , high quality with plenty of choice. Very near London Underground and Light rail station. It takes apx 10-15 minutes to get to the centre of London. The only negative point is the Hotel is very near the Light Rail and, even with the double glazing, you can still hear a little noise during the day. Very quiet at night.	
May 22 2009 	I love this Hotel	2nd time at the Marriott, West India Quay and we will be back. Location is no problem with the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) right next door to take you into central London (Bank underground tube station) and a number of bars and restaurants on your doorstep. Service, rooms, ambience, quality, bars, restaurant, breakfast all very, very good. Normally if we return to a location we like to try different hotels but no need with the Marriott.I would not hesitate to recommend it especially if you get a good rate.	
May 20 2009 	Nice location for Canary Wharf area	Room was quite adequate. Breakfasts were decent and plentiful. There are steps everywhere in this area, so it's hard to haul your luggage around. I gave my big suitcase to the porter once I saw the flight of stairs, and then was sorry, because I wanted it the moment I got into my room. But with a little prodding, it arrived shortly thereafter.Good internet access from room.It's a great location for the Canary Wharf area. 2 minute walk to the Docklands Light Rail station. Trendy restaurants surround.I didn't like the business center. I went down there to print a 3 page document and then instructed me that I would have to purchase internet access from them in order to print, even though I had already paid for 24-hour access from room, OR I could go back up to my room and email it to them and then they would print and the print-out would get delivered to my room. That was way too much effort for a business trip. I made a small fuss and they printed my document for free, but for the tired business traveler wondering what city you are in and just needing a short document, it seemed to require a bit too much effort.	
May 12 2009	A very impressive hotel but..........	I stayed at this hotel whilst attending a concert at the O2 arena. It is therefore apt to start by stating that this hotel couldnt be better placed for individuals visiting the O2 as it is only a couple of stops away on the Jubilee Line. On the weekend we visited however the tube service was disrupted &amp; I was disappointed that I was staying in a 5 star hotel yet the concierge had not done its homework around how to get to the venue other than to suggest a taxi when quite clearly tube replacement public transport was available.Putting that aside on arrival I was dissapointed to be told that myself &amp; my wife would either occupy a disabled appointed kingsize room or alternatively a twin room as we had booked a kingsize room. I did not argue however accepting the disabled room &amp; had no need to worry as the room was spot on in every respect &amp; in fact was larger than a normal standard room, spotlessly clean, well furnished &amp; justifiably 5 star.The breakfast served here is exceptional &amp; in fact I would rate it as equally as good as I have had anywhere in the world if not better.So in summary an excelllent hotel let down by either overbooking or room allocation problems + a concierge that obviously isnt too customer focussed in providing a level of information a guest at a 5 star hotel should expect.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great stay and great hotel.	I booked the stay at the West India Quay Marriott as i needed a place for my girlfriend and I to stay for a family reunion in London and because my sister in law was running in the marathon. I booked the room online, through the Marriott website using one of their 3 night for the price of 2 offers - which included breakfast for two adults. The total was £280 including VAT. Not bad considering other hotels were charging £100 per night, and my brothers hotel was costing £490 for the three nights (the Novotel).I arrived ahead of my girlfriend, taking the tube to Canary Wharf station. A quick walk through Canada Square and over a bridge i was at the hotel. Rather annoyingly you can't get into the hotel from quay side, you have to walk around the building. The hotel is very striking from the outside and completely in keeping with the high rise buildings in Canary Wharf. Its about 20 storeys high, of which the first eight are the hotel and above that there are the Marriott executive apartments. Quay side there is a Browns, Bar 38 plus another few bars and pubs. Top tip if your checking in on Friday and want to grab a table and drink get there before 5 as they get swamped at 5 by the TGIF crowds. There are plenty of shops nearby, including a Tesco Metro, Waitrose - pickup a map from reception. There also a Cineworld just down the road. The only downside externally is that the hotel is RIGHT next to the West India quay DLR station. At it closest the trains are within 10m to a room. Checking in was easy and friendly. I'm a member of the Marriott rewards programme that hold my room preferences in their systems, unfortunately they did not have the king size bed room i prefer - well they did but tight next to the DLR. So i got a twin room. unusually i was not asked if i wanted a newspaper in the morning. I was offered an upgrade, but declined it as i was not going to be in the rooms much.I got room 155, first floor. The room was clean, large and really modern. No LCD TV, but plenty of channels offered (BBC 1 to Channel five, plus Sky 1 and he usual sports and news channels. The bathroom was immaculate. The only downside was that the room was in the back of the hotel looking inwards into the roof over the reception/lobby area. View from the window was of other windows plus the window cleaning gantry. The hotel was apparently nearly fully booked, and as i was not planning on spending too much time in the rooms i wasn't bothered. Except that i barely had any mobile or mobile broadband signal. I had nearly zero 3 and very poor O2 signal. If you need to use your mobile or mobile broadband get a higher room. My girlfriend who uses BT mobile had nearly full reception though. The beds are usual Marriott fare, meaning i struggled to get up every morning because they are so comfortable. Even with the position of the room i could still hear to the DLR rumbling by, so light and early sleepers beware. Its not really loud, just noticeable. The restaurant and bar look great, we had a couple of drinks in the bar, and the prices were reasonable - especially for London. Breakfast was included in the room rate, but for a full buffet expect to pay £20 per person! If Breakfast is not included maybe try the Docklands Diner nearby, as it'll be alot better value. That said the breakfast was the best i've every had in a Marriott with plenty of choice and quality. I was sorry to leave the hotel, its a real star in the Marriot brand in the UK. Canary Wharf is a great place to be, full of energy and life - even at the weekends. Getting out into London in easy thanks to the DLR on the doorstep and the nearby tube station. Highly recommended.	
Apr 26 2009 	Truly Relaxing Dont order Room Service Though!	We arrived just after 1pm, and were delighted to find out our room was ready, and check-in commenced. After a warm, friendly welcome, we were impressed to be escorted to our room by the Receptionist. We had been upgraded to a corner room, which was an excellent boost, as we were travelling with our 3 year old daughter. The staff provided us with a rollaway bed. The room was bright, modern, and had everything you would expect in a Marriott hotel. The bathroom was small, but we got by. As elite Marriott card members, we had access to the Exec Lounge, located on the 7th floor. This was open all day, serving breakfast, snacks, drinks, along with canapes and an honor alcoholic bar in the evening. Staff were always visible, polite and professional. You get some great views from here incidentally. After some sightseeing we returned to the hotel, hoping to dine. However, if seafood is not your thing, go elsewhere. With the exception of a couple of beef dishes, the hotel's only restaurant, Curves, is a seafood restaurant. Great, but not our ketle of fish... Avoid room service! We wish we had. Not to the usual Marriott standard, and farily pricey, no change from £45 and that was 1 Marriott burger, 1 club sandwich, 1 martini &amp; lemonade, and a pint of lager. Oh sorry, forgot to add a glass of milk (1/2 pint for our daughter) which came to £5.15. Cleary absolute extortion.After 40 minutes, the food arrived. Presentation was ok, but unfortunately the food was cold. Not great at £45. By this time, it was 9.30pm, waiting another 40 minutes was not what we wanted, all we wanted to do was sleep. We left most of the food. The bed however was the usual Marriott best, comfortable, and needless to say, we had a great night's sleep.Breakfast in the Exec Lounge was great, the choice of continental or cooked. When we checked out, we were asked if everything was ok with our stay, at which point we mentioned the Room Service experience. The Receptionist asked if we had mentioned it before, we stated no as it was quite late. She apologised and amended our bill by 20%. Ok, but didn't compensate for the extortionate prices, and the poor quality food. My advice, there are loads of cafes/bars nearby, so if seafood is not for you, eat out.All in all, the hotel and staff are superb. Its clean, modern, and ideally located next to a Docklands Light Railway station, which will get you into London in 10 minutes.We will return, almost definitely, but will make prior arrangements for dinner.	
Apr 20 2009 	a top end 3 star hotel at best clinical service with the smallest towels I have ever seen in a hotel	The room was of average size, clean and presentable but the bath towels were tiny!! There was also no hair conditioner in the bathroom. Old fashioned TV with little channel choice.The staff were not particuarly friendly and the concierge was none too knowledgeable. We asked him to book a restaurant table for us that was listed as a &quot;recommended restaurant&quot; on the hotels own website and he had never heard of it!The location is good, canary wharf underground station is only a few minutes walk away which takes you straight into central London in only 20 minutes. The thames clipper , only a 10 minute walk away is a great way to get to the London Eye. Only £5 each way. There are also several bars and decent restaurants very near by the hotel. Browns restaurant, right next door is very good value for money, good food and lovely service.I would recommend this hotel to a friend but would make sure they know what they were letting themselves in for.	
Apr 15 2009 	Lovely stay	Hotel was lovely the staff were very friendly and welcoming..we didn't have to open one door for ourselves besides our hotel room door. My partner had booked the hotel for our anniversary visit..he ordered some strawberries in dipped chocolate but as the room wasnt ready on time, the receptionist gave us this complimentary and upgraded us to an exec room...The room didn't come across like an exec thought, not sure whether that was down to its location. Our room had a river view which was nice the tube station is right next door, no problem for sound keeping us awake. Bed and pillows are heavenly! Hotel is in a quiet area away from the hustle and bussle. There are loads of shops and restaurants close by.. I would strongly recommend the Gaucho restuarant...absolutel delicious. Wouldn't recommend the breakfast thought, not worth the price at all. All in all a good stay would go back to london again..probably try another area though!	
Apr 12 2009 	A simply beautiful hotel in a brilliant location	My partner and I stayed here one Friday and Saturday in March. Our stay was paid for by my partner's brother for his 21st birthday. We had hassle checking in and out, as even though my partner's brother booked it and gave his credit details, the hotel had no record of it, so we ended up having to pay for our stay ourselves on departure. This was very bad customer service, as my partner's brother made several phone calls to the hotel to organise the arrangement before and during our stay.Anyway, this still was not enough to spoil our weekend. The hotel is absolutely stunning! Our room I think was one up from a standard. It was HUGE, with floor-to-ceiling windows and a fab view. I understand the Marriott are famous for their beds, and I can see why. Our bed was superking sized and the bedding was out of this world! Not only did it look wonderful, but it felt like heaven!The bathroom was lovely, and, like the bedroom, was beautifully decorated.The hotel has the West India Quay dlr station right next to it, but it is very quiet. Also next to the hotel is the footbridge that takes you to the Canary Wharf shopping centre. The hotel was a great location for a wonderful weekend of shopping, eating, drinking and relaxing.We did not try the hotel food as it was a little pricey, but there are plenty of restaurants and bars at Canary Wharf to choose from.We used the gym, which was immaculately kept and well equipped. It's the best hotel gym I have seen yet.For a great weekend break just outside central London, I thoroughly recommend Marriott West India Quay.	
Apr 6 2009 	Top Hotel	Just back from a 3 night stay at this hotel got a great deal stay 2 nights get 3rd free, so we got 3 nights for £199. The hotel is in Canary Wharf it is very quiet and certainly makes a change from all the noise in London. The hotel staff were very nice and we had no complaints about them at all. The DLR is right outside the door and 3 stops from Bank underground station. We only heard the DLR on one occasion; it certainly did not annoy our sleeping. Beds and pillows to die for…Across the bridge to Canary wharf 2 min stroll is a massive shopping centre Cabot Centre, every shop to suit everyone, Next, Warehouse, Oasis, Zara and numerous other clothes stores (sorry no Primark) Tesco, Waitrose and M&amp;S Food. Eating places, McDonalds, Nandos, Wasabi to name but a few. Right in front of the hotel is a Cinema and an ATM. A long line of eating places and bars right beside hotel, which lead to a Wetherspoons. I would recommend this hotel as a different type of London stay. Very quiet at night but only a few stops from the city lights.	
Mar 31 2009 	great location for o2 arena	this hotel is the perfect location to visit the o2 arena, greenwich, cutty sark for travellers. the perfect location for business in canary wharf. now if you've done your research on the location (google maps, live search) you will already know that there is a train track at the back of the hotel, a road and a rubbish view (unless your a train spotter). the hotel is kinda split into 3 parts, the short fat bit at the back that i asked not to be placed in, the exec apartments which i couldnt afford to be placed in and the glass fronted rooms at the front facing the water which was my preferred location and where i ended up. the hotel only goes up 5 stories, the rest is apartments.the room was nice and clean, yes the smellies are rubbish, the tv channels are nothing special, the bed was comfortable.when we checked in, we gave our bags to the concierge and waited nearly half an hour for them to be brought to our room. top tip, carry your own bags!went to the hotel bar after a night out and it was so dark we couldnt even read the menu so went to our room instead for a drink.the room service menu said breakfast was from 6am and as we were still up from our night out thought maybe we could grab a bite but were told it didnt start until 6.30am, strange!also booked a taxi from the hotel to the o2 and was told by the concierge that it would be £16, rip off britain indeed!the dlr station is 2mins walk from the hotel and quite regular.also alot of ok shops, bars and restaurants a stones throw from the hotel. we parked in the car park next to the cinema for a day and a half. when we put our ticket in we held our breath but couldnt believe it when we were only charged £10.not the best hotel in london but by far not the worst.	
Mar 12 2009 	Superb in every way	A flawless stay. The staff are totally professional without being offhand or obsequious. The room was bliss. Canary Wharf an amazing location. Stay here. You won't be disappointed.	
Mar 10 2009 	Wont be back	We had booked because it is close to the O2. On Sunday night occupancy rate according to to the management was 60% of the 300 rooms ( it looked less from the number at breakfast) . However taking the management figure I would anticipate there were at least 100 empty rooms better situated than ours. Our room overlooked an elevated section of the Docklands Light railway on a level with our room and about 50 yds away , another rail line , a building site and the main road. Unfortunately we didnt notice this till we had unpacked and used the bathroom for a shower. AS a consequence the lie in we expected in the morning after getting to bed a just before midnight was thwarted by the squeaks ,rattles etc of the railway and various noises from the building site. ONE HAS TO THINK SOMEONE COULD USE COMMON SENSE AND WHEN THE HOTEL IS NOT FULL ALLOCATE ROOMS WITH SOME DISCRETION. Management felt this could be difficult.Their parking poicy is unusual , they have no car park bit oiffer a &quot;valet &quot;service to park the car. We arrived in the middle of really heavy downpour so decide to take advantage of the valet service This cost £15 even though I said we would be leaving in a couple of hours to go to the O2 I had to pay cash.I also what would happen when we returned after the show did my £15 cover the night parking I was told NO I would have to pay another £15. The valet parking consisted of driving the car round the hotel entrance to park in a space aopposite the front door. Management had no answer to this point .For the night . however ,I chose to park in a public car park about 100 yards away which cost £1 an hour.Breakfast was good , hotel and room facilities were good	
Feb 16 2009 	Perfect Escape	Well, what can i say? An absolutly astounding hotel! Greated at the door upon entry into the beautiful lobby area. One downside i must note is that when checking in, i was askedto pay a £50 deposit which i was not aware of when i book the hotel room online. Bit of a bummer as that cut me down on my spending money, but not to worry!! We were saved by a wetherspoons just round the corner of the hotel so cheap food and drink was only a short walk away! The area surrounding the hotel is currently undergoing some renovation so parts of it wasnt the best o sites but appart from that it was spotless. couldnt fault it at all, was a quiet secluded area free from litter. The hotel room itself was superb. We entered the room to find the air conditioning was on full so the room was lovely and warm for us (Perfect for my girlfriend who feels the cold quite badly!). Another point i must make about the room was that i lost my girlfriend in the bed! It was enormous! But the most comfortable nights sleep i had ever had. Trains were running quite close to the outside of the hotel but you could barely hear them and we had no problem nodding off to sleep. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, it was top quality and for a romatic getaway it was perfect. But if you dont like travelling on tubes and trains and you want to go shopping, this isnt the one for you as the major shops arent anywhere near. All in all, a very good hotel, would definatly stay there again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Romantic weekend surprise	I booked a romantic weekend surprise weekend for me &amp; my g/f and had the best experience I ever had with a hotel. We were immediately upgraded to stylish hotel executive apartment by the most friendly and polite staff of any London hotel I’ve stayed in before. The room had fantastic views of Canary Wharf, and the most comfortable bed I’ve slept on in years. My intention was spoil and pamper my g/f for valentines the staff and hotel really helped me achieve it. Thanks Marriott at West India Key I look forward to staying again!	
Feb 13 2009 	Pleasant stay at the Marriot West India Quay	Stayed at the Marriot West India Quay for a long weekend in January (just in time for the snowstorm!). Most everything was enjoyable about the, stay although this hotel cannot be honestly classed as a 5 star. It's a nice 4 star hotel. The rooms are very large for London - and look like any other Marriot room. The bathroom was spotless aside from a tiny bit of mildew on a couple of tiles in the tub area. Great water pressure in shower. Classic decor with the comfortable new beds that were perfect after a long day of exploring. The hotel is literally steps from the West India Quay DLR stop, which deposits you at Bank Tube stop in 20-25 minutes. It is perfect for flights into London City airport as you can take the DLR the whole way. We would stay again, espeically if getting a similar deal on priceline.Great stay other than that this hotel claims to be a four star. Why is it not a four star?Firstly, you have to pay significant amount of money to use the internet. Secondly, the concierge is too busy playing on the computer to even bother to acknowledge your existence. Good thing we didn't need any help. Thirdly, the doorman acted annoyed when you bothered to come in or out - reluctant to hold the door, refused to help with bags going up or down the stairs (until checking out and half way down the stairs). Fourthly, our flight was cancelled and concierge refused to help beyond confirming it was cancelled. We've had more help from staff at hostels when facing similar circumstances. Fifthly, the bath products are &quot;lemongrass&quot; but actually leave you and the bathroom smelling like Pinesol, which is actually quite off putting.All in all, we got a great deal on priceline, a good sized and secure room, comfortable bed, very quiet room with easy access to central London. For similar deal, we would stay again. Just not happy that they advertise as a 5 star hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	Don't like being ripped off	Stayed here one night on business. Firstly they couldn't find my reservation - took 10 mins to check me in. The 'executive' room was spacious but internet access was extra, the fruit bowl was one apple, the kettle didn't work and the room was cold. Got a taxi to dinner only 5 mins away. Taxi called by the concierge - they don't have black taxis waiting as the hotel is so far out. Ripped off by the taxi driver who charged £18 for a 5 min trip up the road. He said that they had an arrangement with the hotel and they were an executive service charging executive prices! Had a drink in the bar when I got back - they automatically add a whopping 12.5% service charge on the bill - told them to take it off and got the surly look from the bar staff which said 'how dare you'! When I checked out the next day the front desk system seized up - after 10 mins the receptionist said she would have to post out my bill and take another imprint of my card and she couldn't confirm if the previous transaction had gone through. When the bill did arrive they had added another 12.5% charge onto my breakfast bill. And the room had cost my organisation £175! So my advice is only stay here if you get a fantastic rate on the room; don't ask them to call you a cab; check all your bills and tell them to take the service charge off; ask for a room on the opposite side to the train line; and don't pay the extortionate charge for the internet access. Unfortunately hotels like this give the UK the reputation of ripping off the foreign traveller.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great hotel!	I booked their weekend rate and got upgraded to a suite without asking. Everything was great - the room was wonderful, great service, great view, great room service food. It was a shame I had to leave so quickly!	
Feb 3 2009 	Great base for London weekend	Very good hotel indeed. All the other reviews are spot on. We had no problems whatsoever, staff very friendly, room great and breakfast enormous!!. We stayed two nights Fri 9th Jan and Saturday 10th. for a good old fashioned tourist weekend in the big city. It was great. DLR station next to hotel and took about 25 minutes for central London .Would recommend the sightseeing bus, also includes river trip and Jack the Ripper walk. On Sunday, took the DLR to Greenwich which was very interesting and different. Hotel was even better value as we used our clubcard Tesco vouchers to pay for it. We shall be back as soon as we have saved up more.	
Jan 19 2009 	A perfectly nice stay at the Marriott London West India Quay	My husband and I just spent the long Martin Luther King weekend in London. As it turned out, Marriott London West India Quay was one of the first hotels to pop up on Expedia.com. It was priced very reasonably, too. While I'm not generally a big fan of business hotel chains like Hilton and Marriott, I thought I'd found a pretty good rate for a London hotel. TripAdvisor reviewers had generally given the hotel good reviews, too. I decided to book it and pre-pay for our stay. Check in is at 3:00pm. Check out is at 12:00pm. Pets are not allowed. The hotel has 12 floors with 279 rooms and 22 suites. People staying on the executive level have free access to the executive lounge. I knew that the West India Quay part of London was kind of away from the center, which means that accordingly, it's away from London's big attractions. West India Quay is in an area called Docklands, very close to Canary Wharf, which is an up and coming business section of London. Besides hotel rooms, the Marriott London West India Quay also offers executive apartments. It's literally right next to the West India Quay stop on the Docklands Light Rail system. The Canary Wharf Tube stop on the Jubilee line is about a fifteen minute walk from the hotel. We arrived on January 16th via the Docklands Light Rail. It was a chilly, windy evening and we were eager to get out of the weather. The first door we came to was actually the wrong entrance and we were directed to walk to the other side of the building, where we were heartily greeted by a friendly bellman wearing a feathered cap. He swiftly took our bags from us and directed us to the check in desk, where a very pleasant clerk checked us in. This clerk actually showed us to our room, which had a very nice view of the water. We requested a standard room with a king bed. The room was appointed in a crisp, modern style with a red and gold color scheme. We had a very nice king sized bed with six huge pillows, a duvet, and a mattress top. The sheets were high quality and quite comfortable. I think turn down service is available on request, or at least I think I saw a sign to that effect. We didn't request it and we didn't get it. An armoire contained what looked like a 27 inch standard definition television. We got several BBC channels. I also recall seeing German and French channels, as well as hotel radio. Naturally, movies (including porn) and games on demand are available by using the remote control. There was a minibar stocked with expensive snacks and drinks. Marriott had posted a sign warning guests that if they removed an item, it would automatically be posted to their bill. I was careful not to touch anything until our third night, when I was really parched and needed some sparkling water. I took one out and sure enough, it was listed on our bill to the tune of 3.5 pounds. Internet access is available for a fee but, for once, we left the computer at home. I can't comment on the service speed. The bathroom was clean. but fairly basic. There was a toilet, a sink, and a tub/shower combination. The hotel provided Aromatherapy toiletries that I think were supposed to smell like lemons but ended up smelling more like lemon scented Pledge. The shower got fairly weak pressure, but the bathtub was a nice size. There were no bathrobes, but we don't usually use them anyway. The Marriott London West India Quay has a bar called Manhattan and a restaurant called Curve. We ate two breakfasts in Curve and they were fairly impressive. Patrons can enjoy a hot breakfast of eggs, sausages, bacon, hashbrowns, and toast. Those who prefer lighter choices can take their pick of a variety of fruits, cheeses, breads, cereals, and lighter meats. I was very happy with the smoked salmon that was offered every day. The waitstaff was attentive as well. Curve also has a bar and serves dinner, which we didn't try. We had a drink in Manhattan one night and enjoyed the bar's low key atmosphere. Music from the 80s played over the sound system and the bartenders seemed pretty laid back. We ended up coming back the next evening for some food. I had a Marriott burger and my husband had a club sandwich. We liked our sandwiches fine, but both agreed that we'd had better. Room service is available, but we didn't use it. Breakfast is generally not included in the room price, but we opted to have it included when we booked. Priced alone, breakfast at the West India Quay Marriott is a bit expensive, but you do get a lot for what you pay for. We found that after adding breakfast to the cost of our room, the total cost was still very reasonable. The Marriott London West India Quay has an exercise room. We didn't have time to try it because London kept us very busy. All I know about it is that there's a sauna. This hotel also has a number of meeting facilities and is smoke free. Valet parking is available at a cost of 25 GBP a day. Off site parking is also available. Call the hotel for details. We were generally pretty impressed by the service at this hotel. Everyone seemed concerned about how we were doing and it looked like everyone was happy to be working there. We used the concierge services twice, both times to book cabs. The first time, our cab showed up right on time. The second time, someone apparently forgot to order our cab, which we had requested for 5:00am. The concierge on duty was very apologetic and got one for us. He offered me a newspaper to read in the meantime, held an umbrella over me when I got in the cab, and loaded up our bags for us. By and large, everyone we encountered at the West India Quay Marriott was very courteous, friendly and professional. Generally, we were happy with our stay at the West India Quay Marriott. However, there were a few things that made our stay less than perfect. First, when my husband got in bed on the first night, he wanted to read. He went to turn on his light and found that it wasn't working. A note to housekeeping fixed that problem quickly, but it would have been nice not to have to do that. Second, we found a price list of things the Marriott sells to its guests. For instance, if you want to buy their sheets, you can do that. If you like their pillows or shower curtains, you can buy those too. Frankly, while I'm sure some guests appreciate the opportunity to buy things from the room, I thought the price list was kind of tacky. And finally, Marriott seems to do a lot of nickel and diming, which I also thought was kind of tacky. On the other hand, it's kind of in line with comparable business hotel chains. We still enjoyed our stay at the West India Quay Marriott. The Canary Wharf area is not that close to historical sites, but it's close to public transportation-- particularly the London City Airport. It's also a great place to stay if you're taking in a concert at the O2 dome or want to do some shopping. If we make it to London again, we may or may not book this hotel again. We tend to prefer boutique hotels that offer a more personal touch. We also would have liked to have been a little closer to downtown London. But we would definitely recommend the Marriott for business travelers or people who want a decent hotel at a good price.	
Jan 17 2009 	Multiple Stays - Overdue Review	My wife and I used to stay here when business took us to London. The proximity to the DLR was our initial reason for booking. The great staff and facility brought us back time and time again.We no longer visit the UK on business but were in London last year for a weekend concert series (Lovebox Weekender). So we decided to take advantage of the great weekend rates and booked at WIQ.It was a pleasure to see ALL of the same staff in the Manhattan Bar - especially Visar and Martin. They must be doing something right to retain the staff in such a competitive market. And it does make you feel welcome when staff remember your name after a year away. (Or did I spend too much time at the bar during my visits!?)The facilities are very nice and it seemed that I always got a Platinum upgrade at this hotel. Executive lounge breakfast is great and the gym is adequate and rarely busy.Decide if you are OK with the location. If so, this hotel won't disappoint you.	
Jan 5 2009 	great hotel	This is a fantastic hotel with excellent service. The rooms are spacious and light and airy. We found Canary wharf to be a great place to stay for London, as we usually stay in the centre. Here there are nice wide open walk-ways instead of packed streets, but it was easy to hop on the Docklands Light railway, which has a station right next door and very quickly be in the centre of London. We took our children and had a suite for whom they put up two beds. Many hotels in London won't do this. We also found out they have family rooms which aren't advertised on the website, but again this this is unusual, most London hotels want you have 2 seperate rooms often not interconnecting, which is less than ideal. There are plenty of bars and restaurants very close by. There are also loads of shops. The staff were very knowledgeable and told us all about the nearby attractions for the children. Which included an ice skating rink and a brilliant museum, with lots for the kids but also very interesting for the adults.Breakfast was gorgeous with chefs that would cook all sorts of dishes alongside the vast aray on the buffett. The french toast was lovely and came beautifully presented to the table by waiting staff.The bar area was very relaxing and the only thing that would have improved it would be to light the large fire to give more ambience. Overall we stayed as a family and were very impresed. However my husband is also thinking of staying there sometimes when on business in the city or Westminster as it is nice to be away from the frantic side of the city sometimes.	
Jan 4 2009 	Impressed with hotel and area	We were looking for a New Year's Eve getaway and wanted to be in London, but didnt intend freezing in Trafalgar Square at the stroke of midnight, so the location of Canary Wharf seemed perfect for us. It surpassed our expectations - even though the area around the hotel was quiet (most of financial district closed for the holidays) the buildings, landscaping, location near the river, shops, restaurants etc really impressed us - the journey straight into town - 10 mins on a tube directly into London Bridge was a doddle - longest we waited for a tube was about 5 mins and the tube station was an easy walk from hotel, The hotel had everything we expected - extremely comfortable beds, very quiet rooms, air conditioning, nice (spotless) bathrooms etc. Be warned though, the hotel is a story of two halfs - the rooms shown on the website with double height windows and views of the docks are the &quot;Executive rooms&quot; which cost about £60 a night more than a &quot;deluxe&quot; one. If you opt for the latter you'll get a view of the docklands light railway / access road, so if the whole package matters to you - spend the extra. If you go for an upgraded room you also have access to an executive lounge with complimentary breakfast, drinks, snacks etc, so this may be a good value option, as otherwise breakfast is an eye watering £19 a head! Room only is fine, as there are upteem cafes / coffee places a few steps away. Staff are attentive. Nice onsite cocktail bar etc. Would definitely consider a return visit. For a London 5 star hotel at a £100 a night, this was good value. The docklands museum 50 yards away from the hotel is well worth a visit, as is a river boat trip down to Greenwich (from London Bridge).	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Stay	I booked a night's accommodation here through the hotel's website for the rate of £119 per night + tax. I was taking my husband to a concert at the O2 and couldn't face the long journey home. We had a great stay here and I would reccommend to anyone going to the O2 or needing to stay in the vicinity. We were upgraded free of charge to an Executive Room on the 8th floor, with access to the Executive Lounge, which offered canapes, nibbles and drinks in the evening, and a full breakfast selection in the morning. I mentioned at the time of booking that it was my husband's birthday and on our return from the concert, we found a card and cake - a nice touch! Bed was very comfortable and room and bathroom very clean. Room was quite spacious and being on the 8th floor, we had decent views, albeit with a side view of the motorway. No problems with noise though. A cab from the O2 costs £15, although you could take the tube and walk from Canary Wharf which takes about 15 minutes. All in all, great value for money and I would definitely stay here again if going to the O2.	
Nov 12 2008 	A lovely weekend	Me and my Fiancee stayed here on a weekend to London. We had tickets to see Katie Melua at the O2. I also had measure up for a suit being made for my wedding.As we are saving hard for a wedding we used Tesco vouchers to pay for most of the hotel stay. I got the Tesco voucher and rang Marriott directly to book with no problems at all.We have stayed that this hotel once before and we totally love it. It is so nice and modern, clean and the staff are great.Check in was very easy and only took about 5 mins. As I am a Marriott member they had all the details about my room preferences and we would have got a high floor if one have been free. I think we checked in a little early so they were not cleaned yet.It is very close to the DLR station. Only about a 2 min walk to the hotel. Depending where in the hotel you stay you can hear some noise from the DLR but the leve of noise is so low that it had no effect on our sleeping. That brings me on to Marriott beds. My god I love these. If I could afford to buy one from the Marriott I would. They are amazing, so comfy. You will never sleep as well as when you sleep in a Marriott bed.The marriott breakfasts were great. Lots on offer from full cooked breakfast to healthy options. On the Sunday it was rather busy but we were quickly shown to a table and found that even with it being almost full all the food was still in a good supply.The room was a nice size everything was clean and working. The bath and shower was lovely. Also they have very nice lemongrass shower gel and shampoo which is so nice.It is in a nice area of London, nice and quick acess to the O2, it took about 10 mins from leaving the room to entering the O2.Getting into Lonond takes about 20-30 mins but it is not that hard with good acess to the DLR and Tube network.We did use room service which was nice and quick. The food was hot and we were very imrpressed.Overall I would say this is a great hotel. The only thing I would like is to have free internet acess in the rooms. Apart form that a great stay and cant wait to go back.	
Oct 28 2008 	Loved the hotel and the location	Booked this as a last minute thing for myself and my 9 year old daughter. We wanted to stay for just one night and explore the city, the hotel location was more out of the way then I usually book so I was apprehensive about the location, I needn't have worried. The hotel is easy to get to and also right next door to the DLR (Docklands Light Railway) and is a few stops from the centre of London.Upon arriving we were shown where to park(they do offer valet parking, but I am more than capable of parking myself!), our bags taken and we were shown up the marble stairs to the lobby to check in, not sure why its on a seperate floor?The lady at check-in was polite and helpful and offered to upgrade us to an executive room for an extra £45. This meant that we could get to our room straight away, it was 1pm, and we also had access to the executive lounge with complimentary drinks and food. I will tell you now with a child in tow this was a lifesaver! Cookies and milk on tap what more did she want!The room was large, airy and very clean. Towels aplenty and bed linen crisp and warm. The television was slightly old but we weren't there to watch lots of t.v. The 7th floor rooms all overlook the docks and it was a wonderful floor to ceiling window that made the view all the more impressive. The staff were helpful and informative and at all times more than polite and willing to get us anything that we needed. Room service was quick although I do feel that this was the only thing that let them down, food was more akin to 3 star than 5 star.Overall this hotel is excellent value for money and I would recommend it to anyone. Classy, clean and not fussy.	
Oct 21 2008 	Unhappy	One night stay that was booked on Priceline, where I chose location due to early morning flight out of London City. Bathroom had strange odour, was given a room with direct view (and noise) of road construction that continued all night. The noise was minimal, but that's not the point. The hotel should be more careful with small little things like this, especially if the hotel is mostly empty. Room amenities were 4*, not 5*. No wireless internet access in the rooms. Checking in at midnight and leaving at 7 am left little time and motivation to sort out with the less than cheerful front desk staff (no complaints but certainly not the cheery type...). It would take a really inviting price for me to consider this hotel again.	
Sep 9 2008 	Not central but who cares?	We spent 3 nights in the Marriott as part of a long weekend break in London. This is a great, new hotel in a busy business and banking area. Canary Wharf has seen major redevelopment in recent years and there are lots of swanky bars, shops and restaurants that fill up with young business-types in the evenings. OK, so you’re not in the city centre but the Marriott is literally a stones throw from the West India Quay DLR station – part of the London Underground system and there are quick, easy links into central London. Being that little bit further out from the centre means that room rates are generally cheaper than central London.Rooms on the north side of the hotel, which we ended up in, are very close to the rail track but I can honestly say that this did not give us any problems. Yes, you can certainly hear the trains rumble by but this is a city after all. The hotel was bright and clean. The reception staff were helpful, courteous and friendly. Our room was very clean and a good size. I can’t comment on the food because we didn’t eat in the hotel. All in all, this is a good, comfortable, value for money hotel to use as a base for some sight seeing in London.	
Aug 10 2008 	good hotel for access to O2 and travel to city	We stayed at this hotel the first weekend in August as it had good access to the O2 arena. The hotel was very reasonably priced at £119 per room pn. I found this very competitive with travel lodges etc in the same vicinity. The hotel was of a good standard for that price,. The rooms were large and clean. The bed was very comfortable with nice bed linen. The bathroom was also of a good standard. There was tea and coffee making facilties and internet connection etc.. The hotel had good facilties including bars and restuarant. The travel links were good it was right next door to the DLR and close to the tube - Jubilee line, only one stop to the Arena. The area was quite busy but nothing like the hustle and bustle of the city. It had a good shopping centre and lots of choice with regrd to bars and restaurants on the waterfront; a very pleasant place to spend an evening and also very easy to get in and out of the city centre. This made it a perfect place to stay for a weekend in London whether sight seeing or visiting to Arena. We will definatley book this hotel again for a trip to London.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Hotel	A great Marriott.Front desk fantastic - including sorting out an extra room for a friend at the same rate (which was a good rate).Clean rooms, prompt service and very close to the O2.Gave me a free late check out (+ 90 mins)Can't fault it.	
Jul 29 2008 	Not a 5 star...4 star maybe	Stayed here to attend the recent motor show. Its location next to the DLR is handy for getting around but when I say next to the DLR the hotel is nearly on the tracks. There was noise audible from the train but nothing too bad.The rooms were very nice, spacious and very clean with the usual fantastic Marriot beds.My main gripes with this hotel were the hidden charges. Wi-fi is not free and not available in the rooms. They have the cheek to charge £10 per hour and it is only available in the lobby area. Also there are hidden service charges when ordering from the lounge staff in the bar. That to me is not 5 starThe hotels location is very good and Canary Wharf has a good choice of bars and restaurants. The hotel bar is pricey especially the cocktails. The Curve restuarant food is very good and reasonable value (once again watch out for the hidden service charges)Drop the hidden charges Marriot and you'll have a great hotel	
Jul 21 2008 	Ok but not a 5*	I stayed at the Marriott recently as I was attending a concert at the O2 - for this it is in an excellent position, one stop on the tube. However, having stayed previously at 5* hotels, I feel this is more 4*. Yes, it is clean and has all the necessary facilities, but I do expect that extra mile from 5*. For example, there were no robes or slippers, only one tea bag per person in the room etc. We did have a nice view of the river and Canary Wharf, and it is handy for the DLR etc., but nothing special, just a standard Marriott. I am unsure why it has a 5* rating.I also agree with previous reviews, that it is surprisingly difficult to find the entrance, particularly in the rain! There is a side entrance by the river, but you cannot access that until you have your key card, so initial access is difficult!All in all, a clean hotel, exactly as you would expect from the brand but 5*? No.	
Jul 15 2008 	Overhyped	I stayed here over the weekend. Here's the good, the okay and the ugly:The good: Canary Wharf is pretty great, very modern upscale business district with high-end shops, a cinema and fine restaurants. It's in the docklands, which has now benefited from this major redvelopment project. The Marriott borders &quot;the good&quot; section and the remnants of the &quot;bad&quot; old neighborhood. Easy tube access to the tourist sites. The &quot;tower&quot; section of the hotel is quite nice, both exterior and interior.Room service was good.The okay: The fitness center is decent, modern equipment but a little small (leading to lines at peak times). The guestroom was your typical 4* Marriott room. Which is pretty good, but left me curious as to the 5* hotel rating. I mean, 5* hotels need something special, right? I've been at many Marriotts in the past 3 years, and several of the 4* ones (Mallorca comes to mind) were much nicer, Still, it was fine. Oh, did I mention this was the SECOND room I was placed in? Which leads me to...The ugly: I won this hotel on Priceline. I had a pretty good idea when I bid this would be the choice (there are Web sites you can research possible Priceline wins). I'm also pretty used to getting &quot;Pricelined&quot; into a substandard room. Well, the Marriott West India Quay definitely has a PL bias and tried to do just that. My first room was located on the only non-secured floor, right next to the conference rooms on the Mezzanine (which happened to be hosting a KIDDIE CONFERENCE). Oh. My. Gosh. So I asked to be moved to a secure floor (as a single female traveler), and was told the only option was a &quot;twin&quot; room. The hotel also offers kings and double queens, but they couldn't (later found out wouldn't) give me one of those. It was the twin or the mezzanine. And only in the old building. The tower was &quot;sold out.&quot; (not true as I was to find out). I threw a fit. My room &quot;underlooked&quot; the freeway overpass, was dark, and had pretty worn furniture and mold in the bathroom. Definitely not 5*. The two reception people I was working with both repeatedly reminded me with Priceline I was only guaranteed a room...I couldn't pick and choose. I said that I bid for 5*, not 4*, and it was not their choice to downgrade me. After calling PL at 99 cents-per-minute international rates and complaining, the hotel finally &quot;found&quot; me a king room in the tower, and made a big deal about being forced to give me an upgrade. I got to the room, expecting something special after all the whining and...it was almost identical to the mezzanine room! The differences: it was cleaner (furniture not scratched up, no mold in the bathroom), overlooked the freeway overpass instead of looking up at it, and had an apple on the table. Everything else, from the bathroom decor to the size to the furniture type, was identical. I have no clue why they fought me so hard, but it was hardly an upgrade. It was a normal room, that I should have been given in the beginning.The other ugly: The tower also has GBP1million condos affiliated with Marriott. So apartment owners enter from the &quot;nice&quot; side of the building (Canary Wharf), and the little peon hotel guests enter from the not-so-nice side of the building (docklands). Try to enter from the apartment side and a nasty little man will put you in your place. Lastly, there's NO SIGN on the hotel if you are coming from Canary Wharf, so while you'll see the building you can walk around it for an hour and not know you've arrived. No doubt this is so the apartment owners feel like they live in condos. A sign would be so...gauche.Last ugly: The Marriott Web site doesn't have accurate public transit info. Take the Jubilee line to Canary Wharf, and walk to the right. You can hop on the DLR (docklands light railway) and get off right at the hotel (West India Quay stop), or walk the extra 150 meters yourself (and cross the West India Quay walking bridge). It's easy. But since there's no sign, look for the Marriott flag. It's on a pole at the base of the tower (you know, the tower for special people, not for Priceliners).	
Jul 13 2008 	A Fine Coice	We stayed at the Marriott - Canary Wharf in late June 2008. The staff was excellent; we were able to get into our room at 10AM - a nice treat after a trans Atlantic flight.We upgraded to have access to their 'Executive Lounge'. It was a very nice treat. The lounge has a beautiful design and excellent view. The food selection is better than any Marriott I've been in. It was probably worth the money (35 pounds per night).Travel from Heathrow by tube was OK, but required three train lines (Picadilly, Jubilee, and DLR). Not that many stairs with luggage but a lot of baggage handling. Taxi to the hotel would have been very expensive for a frugal visitor. The hotel itself is adjacent to the India Quay stop on the Docklands Light Railway.I'd recommend the hotel; it's a little inconvenient to the West End and was a long way from Wimbledon, our primary interest, but a much better value than the central London Marriotts (when we were there).	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved the Marriott	We stayed at the Marriot West India Quay at the weekend and found the hotel and the stafff to be very good, We went to see the Never Forget show at the Savoy and took the under ground from Canary Wharf and it was very easy to get to. The hotel only lacks a swimmimng/sauna otherwise it was superb.The breakfast is to die for.The rooms are very clean and the bed was big and comfy, it could have done wih a LCD tv instead of the big CRT in the cabinet which took up a lot of space in the room.It was a super weekend and the Hotel is well worth the money.	
Jun 16 2008 	Lovely Weekend at the Marriott	Just celebrated our 20th Wedding Anniversary in London and stayed at the Marriott West India Quay next to Canary Wharf. Took my wife to see &quot;Never Forget&quot; which was excellent, music was good and the storyline had lots of laughs. Our room at the hotel was 814 which was a corner room with two walls of floor to ceiling windows which made for an excellent view. We looked out over towards the O2 Arena (the old Millenium Dome) and also over onto Canary Wharf via the skyscrapers of Citibank, Bank of America and so forth. The water was edged by pubs and restaurants along both sides which were lovely and good value for money. If you want to go and do some shopping, remember there is a huge shopping mall underneath Canary Wharf which has an excellent variety of shops and has a huge Waitrose which sells everything, it even has a small wine bar where you can have a drink !! All in all though the Marriott was 1st Class, the breakfasts were good, and we had one other meal there which was supper around 11 o'clock which was really good and very good value for money. To get intio town from the Marriot it is Docklands Light Railway from West India Quay, (right next to the hotel) where you go 5 stops to Bank, and from there you are back on the London Underground system and from there you can travel throughout London. A day off-peak ticket worked out at £ 5.30 per person.Well done Marriott, your staff were excellent, and we'll see you again.	
Jun 16 2008 	Wonderful West India Quay!	Just got back after a fantastic stay at the Marriot's West India and have to say it was a great experience. We used a combination of rewards points and cash to upgrade to an executive suite, and it was well worth it. Suite was so quiet &amp; lovely and spacious, bathroom goodies were Molton Brown also included was lounge access with complimentary canapes and wine/beer at certain times of the day.Views were great, and we really enjoyed a trip to the Docklands museum which was a 5 minute walk. Central London was easily accessible in about 20 minutes by tube. Would I return? You bet! one of the nicest Marriott's we have have had the pleasure to stay in.	
Jun 8 2008 	Avoid the restaurant	This was our second (and last) visit to Marriott West India Quay.The rooms are up to the usual Marriott standard but the BIG downside is the restaurant. The 'Curve' restaurant looked ok so my partner and I both ordered a Ribeye steak &amp; pepper sauce (£20 a head) when it arrived there was the piece of steak and a few chips which covered just over half of the plate,nothing else, no garnish and no attempt to present the meal professionally. The Steak was cooked ok but the chips had clearly been frozen &amp; reheated.When I complained the staff admitted they did use frozen chips !!!Now its not that I mind frozen chips but when one is charged £20 a head for Steak &amp; Chips I think it is reasonable to expect the chef to at least peel a couple of potatoes and make some sort of effort.The following night we went to the Henry Addington pub (just over the footbridge from the hotel) where we enjoyed a splendid meal of home made Oxfordshire Sausages in Toad in the hole with FRESH green veg, FRESH Mash and Onion gravy for £6.95p and it was beautiful.We use Marriott hotels wherever we travel in the UK and breakfast is normally something to look forward to in every other Marriott we have stayed in. This place lets the whole chain down.If there were a competition to provide the most unappetising looking breakfast the kitchen staff here would win it hands down.Far too much Bacon is cooked in one go and the result is that as it is kept covered up the steam heating ensures the bacon looks as if has been boiled instead of grilled.The scrambled egg looked as if a barrowload had been cooked at the start of service and left to degenerate, dry up and discolour throughout the morning.The Baked Beans were deviod of tomato sauce and were almost dried up and the whole experience was an example of lazy staff avoiding the need to refresh &amp; replenish smaller quantities regularly. Even the most inexperienced manager or supervisor would have rectified this, however it was apparent that no quality checks were carried out.I showed this sorry display to the Sales Manager who limply said 'I'll have a word with the chef !!!' All I can say is that Gordon Ramsey would crack up if he visited this kitchen	
May 24 2008 	Great experience	Was staying here while on a business trip. Location is within Canary Wharf and very close to the offices there. Room was a little smaller than what I'm used to here in south east Asia. The bed was very comfortable although I did find the room a little cold. Not sure if the heating was working properly. Anyway I was out in the office most of the day so did not bother about it. This is great as a business hotel as the check in/out process was extremely quick. Service and staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall, I had a great experience at the Marriott.	
May 20 2008 	Highly Recommended	Requested early check in, arrived at 10:30am and was shown straight to our room which had been upgraded for free. The staff were all very helpful. Didn't really use any of the hotels facilities as had plenty of things planned already for our stay. The hotel is in a really nice location (outside of central London with lots to do nearby) and literally right outside the DLR Station which takes you straight throught to central London in 15minutes. Would definitly stay again.	
May 18 2008 	Great Hotel and not badly priced	Stayed here now a couple of times for the reason that it does not charge the rip off prices that central london hotels do and that the rooms are modern, comfortable and large.Marriott Staff are always friendly and welcome me back whenever I stay which is a nice touch. 20 mins by tube or DLR into central london but with a great deal to do on the doorstop. Think the equivalent to Manhattan in London!	
May 15 2008 	Just OK	The hotel was fine, but just OK. The rooms were spacious and clean. The resturant was limited in selection, the food was bland and over-priced.The bar was small and noisy when there is a small function, the bar stools are too high and uncomfortable for the height of the bar (could not cross your legs)The staff was polite but not very warm or friendly.	
May 1 2008 	Nice place but poor value	Stayed here in April 2008 for two weeks with colleagues on a business trip and chose this hotel as the location was convenient for business.Hotel is very clean, in a good location as its a five minutes walk from Canary Wharf, and a few minutes from West India Quay, LDR.The staff are courteous, friendly and very helpful, however, during the course of my stay there were continuous &quot;cock ups&quot; primarily with the room service. The bread was rock hard (for which they gave me free bottle of wine), the food took an hour etc etc. Other colleagues had issues with door keys not working, alarms setting off in the middle of the night amongst other things.Had room service a good few times, and the quality of food was good, but didnt really present value for money. Also, if you dont like fish then you are out of luck as this is what the hotel specialises in, as it is able to get fresh fish each day from Billingsgate Market a short distance away.Finally the room was smaller than expected, internet expensive to use, and if you had a room adjacent to the DLR you were in for a noisy early morning.We paid over £200 per night for this and Im sure we could have got better. Thats not to say I wouldnt stay here again.	
Mar 12 2008 	5 Star upon driving up to the entrance - stay here you will NOT be disappointed	I pulled up in my car.There were 4 valets/consierge waiting for arrivals. Dressed impeciblyThey could not do enough for me. My husband hadn't arrived when I got there, It was raining, I had a 5 year old in her car seat, cases, coats, etc. and they took everthing from me without me even noticing, almost (except the 5 year old!)Robert is a 'dream' and I hope that the hotel realise what an asset he is to themCheck in was Flawless.The Reception Manager escorted us both to our room, He then Explained the facilities within the room - not needed at all, but the extra care and customer service was a refreshing changeWithin minutes Robert arrived with the luggage, coats, etc.Rooms - Clean, fresh, EXCELLENT bedding and bedsWe had coffees in the lounge. Again, staff were very attentiveBreakfast - Well at 18gbp a head it was a bit steep. BUT there was such a huge selection from continental to full blown 'cook to order' selections that you can't grumble really. The chef was great and was kind enough to amuse our daughter when she wanted to order her waffles personally, from him.All in All a great stayLocation is ideal - 50 yards from DLR station.We visited Greenwich Market, never been there. worth a visit. Great park for children there too - take a picnic!	
Mar 12 2008 	Loved the West India Quay	West India Quay in London was a relief!It is very difficult to find fantastic lodging in London for under $200/night. This hotel fit the bill. We stayed for about $170/night for three nights. Wonderful bed, room, view, etc. This hotel is in the &quot;docks&quot; of London, so be aware it is not in downtown london. However, a short 5 min walk to the Canary Wharf Underground station and you are downtown in 10-15 mins nonstop ride to Westminster. Dockland Light Rail stops RIGHT by this hotel-- SO easy to get there, really! A jewel in London! Only negative about this hotel-- don't eat in the hotel restaurant called &quot;Curve&quot;. Overpriced and not good food.	
Mar 2 2008 	handy for central london excellent service excellent hotel	Stayed from friday night to sunday on the curernt winter warmer promotion. I've stayed here previously in August 2007 but it is good to note that some of the familiar staff faces are there and the service remains consistantly high.We were lucky to get upgraded to a king suite (room 401) which is part of the curve and over looks the port east complex. The room was really big, well appointed and well maintained... We did have a couple of hiccups which to be honest didnt really phase me and they were well dealt with very quickly by the hotel. We also ate in curve, which compared to a lot of eateries in the area is competatively priced and extremely good quality. I had haliburt which was very fresh (fish market for london is 5 mins down the road) and well cooked.Executive chef and his brigade also seem a good team..Its well located, only 5-10 mins from canary wharf tube with its excellent links to central london..... Its ideal if you're going to the O2 but in general is a smart choice and a good option if you want to visit central london and not pay silly money for a 4 or 5 star hotel.....the service at this marriot is excellent...In general, we'll definately be back.......	
Feb 20 2008 	Valentine Package?	My husband and I stayed for one night to go to the o2 exhibition - Tutankhamun. This is a fantastic place to stay for the o2 - especially if you don't want to go to the centre of London. The decor is good and the deluxe room was excellent. What spoilt our visit was the receptionist who failed to crack a smile the whole time. Firstly, she could find no record of us until we produced the booking ref number - always take it with you - she explained that they have two booking systems. We had also booked a valentine package - something that seemed to be a complete unknown to her - she did not know what it involved nor that Champagne was to be sent to the room. If her approach had been friendly and helpful, we would probably not have worried, but her whole approach was begrudging. After a couple of other blips, next day we were charged for the champagne and strawberries - something which should have been included in the price! When we went to reception to query the bill and check out - we, luckily, got someone else - who still didn't know what the package was, but was friendly, courteous and apologetic - some other poor French customer was trying to explain a mistake in the bill to our first receptionist. At least we can say that she treats all customers with the same attitude - we pitied the poor traveller!That being said - the hotel is very good; service from waiters and bar staff was very good indeed. If you like proper tea for breakfast - ask for a teapot - they will bring you one!	
Feb 8 2008 	Beautiful Hotel in Canary Wharf area	My husband and I stayed here for a week when we went to see the Led Zeppelin reunion concert in December. The hotel is beautiful and modern, the staff members are professional and deliver excellent service, and the hotel is conveniently located with respect to the DLR and Tube stations. This hotel is very close to The O2, but you do have to travel a bit to go to other sight-seeing spots in London. However, we didn't mind using the rail services and thought it was much nicer staying on the outskirts than right in the middle of the city. The room was a great size--comparable to anything you'll find here in the states. Dining in and around the hotel was also convenient and the food at most places was good--I recommend Brown's next door to the hotel for a low-key dinner. The hotel also puts on a delicious breakfast buffet, but it is a little pricey. We practically lived at the Pret-a-Manger located in the mall at Cabot--they have yummy breakfast croissants and sandwiches and salads for a quick lunch, and it's on the way to the Tube station.	
Jan 18 2008 	Exceptional hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed here in Ferburay 2006, for London Fashion Weekend. Having stayed in many 'chain' hotels within central london we both agree that while this is a little out of the way the hotel and view makes up for it.We booked into a suite which was lovely having the full glass wall either side of the suite. However the bedroom was generously sized in comparison to some other hotels, it also had the most comfortable dreamy bed ever!The service thoroughout the hotel was exceptional and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.We only ate breakfast during our stay which was really nice, especially as I am so fussy.Overall we really liked this hotel and will definately return.Hope this helpsLove Pink Lady x	
Jan 15 2008 	Wow. Enough said!	Superb in every way. Excellent location in the classy Canary Wharf development, surrounded by numerous bars, restaurants and designer shopping that would please even the most fussy of travellers. The hotel staff are efficient, friendly and courteous, very professional. Room was modern and immaculate, with every requirement catered for. Simple and painless check in-out with no dramas. Docklands light railway station is a minutes walk with the nearest underground station ! rail stop or a 5 minute walk away. One of the most welcoming and comfortable modern hotels I have ever visited. I will never stay in London again unless in this hotel. ( I dont work for the Marriott or receieve commission from them... honest! Just loved the place)	
Jan 14 2008 	Change of Scene	Decided to have a dinner bed and breakfast break and a mooch round the shops. Having been round several search engines, booked on the Marriott website as this was the best rate. Opted for the Dinner Bed and Breakfast package as this appeared a reasonable deal (£30 credit per person for dinner, drinks excluded). Requested a high room overlooking the docks. Parked in the Cabot Square undergound car park - be warned, &quot;weekend rates&quot; no longer exist at the car park so what used to be £4 became £26. Room request was met with a 6th floor view. Rooms are a fair size, all amenities, stereo/alarm with docking for iPOD. Ate at the Curve Fish Restaurant. Kitchen was a bit behind but we were told this in advance and the wait for the 1st course was 20 minutes, then after that it all fell into place. Menu is available to review on line - fish dishes were excellent, service attentive without being in your face, and not too pricey for what essentially is a 5 star London hotel. Breakfast is self service buffet (hot and cold) with a very good choice and plenty of it. In conclusion, a good hotel with matching food and sevice in a smart area with good shopping a couple of minutes walk awy.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location quality hotel	Very nice hotel, as you would expect from a Marriott. Right in the middle of Canary Wharf with great views over the water and very handy for both the Docklands Light Railway and Jubilee line underground. It made a nice change from staying in the West End.Good points: Location, decor, cleanliness, comfortable beds Complimentary drinks and nibbles in the executive lounge.Concierge able to arrange high quality car valeting.Not so good points: Breakfast in the executive lounge not up to standard - bacon tough and overcooked, not as much choice as you would have had in the main restaurant. Many of the local bars and restaurants that look so nice during the day are not actually open in the evening.Very nice meal in the Curve Restaurant in the hotel, spoiled by being pursued to the lifts by over-eager German waitress who did not seem to understand the concept of 'optional' service charge - we had left a £100 to cover a £90 bill + tip, not quite the 'optional' 12.5% suggested but perfectly fair for the very average/slow service.	
Dec 6 2007 	Very good fish restaurant	Stayed at the Marriot for two weeks whilst working in Canary Wharf. Very handy!The rooms were good and well equiped, though I have to admit I was in an executive room. This allowed access to the executive lounge on the 7th floor which was very useful for breakfast.Lots of bars and restaurants around the hotel, but I thought the bar in the hotel was good, and restaurant very, very good (if you like fish).Small gym, open 24 hrs.Staff pleasant, really a good business hotel.	
Dec 3 2007 	Not just rip off but rape	Believe it or not I checked out of the hotel the first day even though I had booking for the second night. Service sucks!! big time. I paid 45 pounds for 4 local calls with a total talk time of 7 minutes. If you are wondering let me confirm YES thats price I paid.If you are staying there unfortunately as I did, don't even dare to touch the phone. The rates in the book says 1.5 pounds/minute but have some hidden costs.When I did enquire about the exhoribiant bill for local calls answer was &quot; Sir its a hotel&quot;. Well I too have travelled a lot, stayed in lot of 5 star hotels around the globe under company account, nowhere ever in the past 10 years I have seen this kind of response or this kind of charges for local calls. Probably they are banking on the fact that it is the closest hotel in canary wharf and a lot of floating business population stay here and it does not matter whether they are served or not.So stay alert if you ever happen to stay in this place	
Dec 1 2007 	Superb Hotel	Stayed for one night.The hotel is located in a great area and is surrounded by bars, restaurants and shopping.	
Nov 27 2007 	Perfect for access to the O2 Arena	We booked this Hotel using out Tesco Clubcard vouchers, although without the vouchers it is still very good value for money.The staff were attentive when we arrived. We arrived before our room was ready so the porter took our bags up to our room for us. We went to the hotel to freshen up before going for a meal and then out to a concert at the O2.The accomadation was perfect. The room was spacious and the bed was huge. The linen was crisp and fresh and the room itself was as if it was brand new.Breakfast was brilliant. We had to wait for a couple of minutes for a table to become available but it was cleared quickly and laid up for us. There was so much to choose from. Full english, cereal, toast, muffins, croissants, fruit, waffles, juices, i could go on.All in all a very good stay and i would go back if i needed to be in that area of London again.	
Nov 25 2007 	Recommended	My husband and I stayed here for the second time and really enjoyed the experience: Spacious bedroom, very comfy king size bed, nice view, great buffet menu (included in our rate) and really effective and helpful staff. Although it is located in the financial area and it is for business people, I would recommend it if you want to stay in a quiet area, away from the most touristy spots. We had dinner in the restaurant: food was excellent.	
Nov 23 2007	Not in Central London	We've been to London many times and decided to try out a new area so we stayed here. The location is in a newly built financial area and while the facilities are up to the usual Marriott standards, the out of the way location is a negative. The underground is a pleasant 10 minute walk, then a 20 minute ride to the theater and tourist districts. Several upscale bars and restaurants in the area, but are too new to have any charm and we by-passed them for places in central London.	
Nov 19 2007	Great Hotel - Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night. We were going to the 02 for a concert (Foo Fighters) and it seemed a perfect location. The hotel itself is in a very nice setting at West India Quay. There are plenty of restaurants and bars in walking distance. Unfortunately there was engineering work on the DLR (there is a station next to the hotel) so we had to use the Jubilee line instead. This was not a problem as it is only a few minutes walk to the station at Canary Wharf.The hotel is lovely. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was also great.I would highly recommend staying at this hotel and especially if you are visiting the 02 as it only takes 10 minutes to get there.	
Oct 17 2007 	Classy hotel in good dockland setting	I was staying here on a Friday night for a weekend of exploring Docklands and Greenwich, but I also had to get into the West End for a theatre trip.Its a great waterfront setting but a longish walk from the Canary Wharf Jubilee Underground Station. The view from the room overlooking the water was superb and there was no disturbance from the adjoining Docklands Light Rail line. The room was spacious, spotless, well-appointed and comfortable, as was the rest of the hotel.Breakfast was superb - a huge range of hot and cold food.	
Oct 9 2007 	Canary Wharf has changed a LOT!	I visited London in 2003 and stopped by the London branch of my company on Canary Wharf. There was nothing going on there at all. Just businesses in high rise buildings. My husband had to go to London this year to work for his company, which is, like almost all investment banks, on Canary Wharf. Because of this, we stayed at the Marriott West India Quay. Canary Wharf is now a booming area. Even on the weekend, there were restaurants and shops open and it was lovely. There's a place called Brown's right next door that has the most wonderful brunch on Sunday's and the shopping center has everything you could need. It's close to the Jubilee line on the Tube and the DLR stop is right next to the hotel. The center of London (Green Park, Mayfair) is about 15 minutes away on the Tube.The hotel itself is clean and has great amenities (fitness center, restaurant, room service, bar, great staff). My only complaint was that the room supposedly had two double beds, but they were actually twin size. Not uncommon in Europe as we're used to the larger beds in the states. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel--especially if you have business on the Wharf.	
Sep 10 2007 	Very Average good location.	Just spent a long weekend here.This is a business hotel not a very warm hotel but very clean and the location is great for the tube into london and the O2 (saw Prince superb).There are good bars and restaurants next to the hotel and a very short walk takes you to canary warf shopping centre which houses most shops you would need on your trip.I got a £109 + vat per night room rate through marriotts own web site which for a 5 star hotel in london is pretty good but its lacking something and doesn't feel luxurious at all certainly not 5 star.Everything in the hotel is expensive £9.99 pay per view film,£18 full breakfast,£3.40 small bottle evian in the room mini bar.If you are a business man/woman working in the business district on works expenses I would recommend this hotel.However if like me just a weekend tourist i would stay in the ibis or holiday inn express and cut your bill in half.On a positive note the staff are very friendly and the beds extremely comfortable ask for a front facing room as our room 472 was overlooking the tube and you can hear the trains but its not too bad.London itself is fantastic and travelling on the tube is quick and fun.Dom -Manchester	
Sep 4 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We were attending a concert at the 02 Arena so this was the perfect location being less than 10 minutes away by tube.We arrived late on the Friday evening, the hotel was a bit confusing to find by road. Once there the check in process was very quick, we had a twin room on the 4th floor which was a really good size and very comfortable.On the Saturday my partner had a massage and beauty treatment in the on site health spa which she really enjoyed. The hotel is surrounded by several restaurants and bars giving a good choice of dining. We did not use the hotel restaurants but we did use the bar which was very good and made very good cocktails.We found the staff very polite and helpful. We will be staying here again.	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Location for 02 Dome Great Service Well-Designed Room	I spent four nights in August 2007 at this hotel. I booked it because of its proximity to Greenwich since I was attending two concerts at the 02 Dome. It's a five-minute walk to the Canary Wharf tube station, which is one stop from North Greenwich and the Dome. The hotel staff was very helpful and efficient, including very late night room service served quickly. The housekeeping staff was wonderful and flexible. The Canary Wharf area is quite nice with a shopping mall and several restaurants within easy walking distance. I had a King room on the end of the building near the Docklands station in which one whole wall was windows. Terrific views, and the blackout shades kept noise and light out when desired. There was a lovely marble bath and plenty of closets, drawers and storage. A fuse blew in my room late one night, and it only took about 10 minutes for a housekeeping engineer to come up to fix it. Overall it was an excellent experience.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great location for 02 Arena	We stayed at the Marriott Canary Wharf for one night whilst in London to see Prince (who was fantastic!). It was perfectly located for the 02 Arena, only one tube stop away. Overall the hotel is great. It was comfortable, very clean, tidy and the rooms were kept to a very high standard. Our bedroom was looking out over the Thames and had full length windows so had lots of natural light. One problem we did have, although admittedly this happens in many London hotels, is that you can’t open the windows to get some fresh air. The bed was large and comfortable with very soft pillows and duvet. Two room plus points were the shower &amp; the hairdryer – both very hot and powerful (esp the hairdryer compared to some of the pathetic things you have to dry your hair with in some hotels nowadays!)Breakfast was the usual London price but very nice. Hot food cooked to order, pastries, toast, fruit etc all fresh.We had dinner once we got to the 02 Arena but the hotel is located right by Canary Wharf where there are numerous bars and restaurants if you don’t wish to eat in the hotel.Parking is not available at the hotel itself but there is a car park at the cinema complex opposite. There is valet parking available but for the price we felt that it wasn’t really worth it. You can pull up outside to drop off your baggage and the car park is literally 1 minute walk over the road.Overall a well maintained hotel with polite staff, perfectly located for the 02 Arena.	
Aug 27 2007 	Very good for the O2 Arena	Excellent rooms, received an upgrade as well, very well mannered staff and a very central location. We were going to the O2 Arena to see Prince, this hotel is right beside the connecting rail. takes 1 min to get there - then two or so stops before you get to the O2 Arena. very handy. Quite a lot of shops in Canary wharf as well - we only stayed the one night but it was worth every penny.	
Aug 19 2007 	Very nice hotel	Really nice hotel and located superbly for the Millennium concert arena. The staff in the hotel were excellent and nothing was too much trouble. We booked through Last Minute.com and got a very reasonable deal. I will defiantly use the hotel again .Thanks Keith	
Jul 30 2007	10 out of 10 for the Marriott West India Quay	I loved this hotel. Just spent a weekend there and it was superb. Great location, staff attentive but not suffocating - very polite and very happy to help with anything.Rooms amazing - great view from our room. I cannot find fault with this hotel and will definitely be returning SOON!!	
Jul 23 2007 	Quality Hotel	Spent a weekend at the Mariott West India Quay and was impressed by the hotel.Best Points were:1.) Rooms - excellent quality furnishings and bathroom. Superb bed2.) Breakfast - probably the best buffet breakfast we have had anywhere in the world3.) Location - great location in Docklands. Next to Docklands bars/restaurants. Adjacent to DLR for great access into London.Down Points were:1.) Poor view. You get the interesting side or the dull side - we got the dull side overlooking the lower roof levels2.) Staff in bar were a little slow.Overall a very nice hotel, although you do pay for it!We would stay again	
Jul 22 2007 	good value for london!	I found the Marriott via trip advisor and as I found a deal on the hotel website for a pound less than I was going to pay for a tiny single room in a swish boutique hotel in south kensington, i decided to give it a go. as i was arriving at 5am, i knew that there was no way i would be able to check into my room at the hotel in south ken before midday, but i figured in a marriott there was a good chance i could, and sure enough, when i got to the hotel at 6am they sent me straight up to the biggest hotel room i have ever stayed at in london (it wasn't big by american standards, but huge for europe). ten minutes later a superb (and very pricey) breakfast arrived, and half an hour later i was sleeping for the first time in 36 hours. so, the marriott is just good reliable american luxury, and the weekend rate (109 quid plus 20 quid tax) is impossible to beat in london. the only hesitation i have is location - the dockside light rail is a 10 minute walk through the dockside centre which is fine, and then you are 20 minutes away by the jubilee line from waterloo, but i have never stayed that far away from the centre of town before. it was fine for a weekend when i spend the first day in bed anyway, but it would have been a pain for much longer. still, i will definitely keep it in mind for next time i arrive really early in the morning - that was a huge bonus. staff very helpful and courteous - absolutely no complaints on that ground, and the room was very clean - all standard marriott practice.	
Jul 17 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the West India on a Saturday night. Very nice-looking hotel. From the outside, it doesn't look like a hotel, but an office building. The hotel is right next to the West India Quay DLR station, which is seconds from the Canary Wharf DLR station, so you can basically walk from the Canary Wharf underground station to the hotel and not take the DLR. Everything at this hotel feels new and upscale. Had requested a high floor but was given only the 2nd floor probably because the higher floors are for the Marriott VIP members. Still the view from the 2nd floor was not bad. Ordered room service and the quality of the food was great and was delivered to my room faster than I expected, this despite the waiter telling me that the hotel was fully booked. The TV has a lot more channels than other hotels I stayed in London. Another thing that it has unlike most hotels is ice. It's not on every floor but at least it's free.	
Jun 25 2007 	Classy Joint!	A great hotel, very high standards throughout - the decor, the staff, the food. Not cheap but worth the money. I would recommend it to people.	
May 9 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	I have just returned from a 1 night stay at this hotel where we stayed in an Executive Suite - room 215.The suite was very large and included a separate sitting room with sofa and 2 chairs, a large bedroom and dressing room and a large bathroom with separate shower &amp; bath.The suite was a fantastic size and was extremely comfortable with high quality furnishings and accessories and the most comfortable Super King sized bed that I have ever slept in!This room included access to the Club Lounge on the 7th floor where you could have complimentary drinks, snacks, afternoon tea and breakfast etc. I chose to have breakfast in the main restaurant and this was very good.All in all an excellent second stay at this hotel and I will definitely stay here again.	
May 6 2007 	Fabulous hotel in Canary Wharf!.	Have just returned from a stay at the Marriott West India Quay. Stayed in executive room number 604. First impression of the hotel was excellent. Friendly, polite staff, beautifully decorated reception. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels and could easily compare it to four seasons standards. Room was beautifully furnished and clean, with great views over the dock. Visited the executive lounge in the morning. There was a huge selection of fruit, cheeses and pastries, as well as hot offerings such as bacon, sausages, eggs etc. It is definately cost effective to upgrade to an executive room as the breakfast is complimentary. There is also a selection of food and drink available during the day. A fabulous choice if staying in Canary Wharf, would definately recommend it!.	
Apr 24 2007 	Good but a bit prices for the value	I stayed here for a week for work in March 2007. It is the only main hotel right at Canary Wharf. The other hotels you either have to take a taxi, ferry, or DLR to get into the area.The room was nice, no view to speak of - on the wrong side of the building. Decent size, nice furnishings. Typical Marriott.Bathroom: Nice - decent toiletries, bathrobe in closetLocation: Right at Canary Whar - a few minutes walk to the Jubilee Line (underground / subway). If you are going into Central London every day then this is not the place for you. If you are in the area for work and want to pop in once or twice then no problems. Lots of businesses in the area, many companies have moved their offices out to here.Transport: Note - underground / subway is NOT 24 hours. Make sure you either are on time to catch it back else taxis are outrageously expensive in London.Entertainment - shopping mall, restaurants in area. Didn't see a movie theater or anything like that here. Grocery store in the area. Gets a bit deserted at night since primarily business area. Just outside the hotel are about 6 restaurants right by the waters edge. Very busy after work.Cost was about 200 Sterling / $400 per night. A bit much for the value in my mindStaff: helpful and attentiveSecurity: Doorman always on duty. Small security safe in room where you program your own 4 digit code.I would stay here again for business only because it is so close to my office.	
Apr 16 2007 	Zero commute is its specialty	My first time at Canary Wharf's own Marriott was satisfying. It most resembled an American hotel of any that I've stayed at in London (i.e. utilitarianism before all else) but modern furnishings, a comfortable room layout, and decent room service meals all added up to more than simply enjoying a short walk to work. For anyone spending long hours at one of the nearby financial institutions, the brief march across the bridge and into bed is virtually unmatched in its conveience.This is London, and Canary Wharf at that, so value for money became extinct long ago. Business hotels in London set a high standard, and the Marriott was faithful to that high standard. I had no complaints whatsoever.	
Mar 28 2007 	Love this place!	My friend and I stayed here last year and loved every minute of it. Because we work locally we were first given a corporate discount, and then the receptionist decided to upgrade us to a two-bedroom apartment!!! What can I say? Well, huge glorious apartment, so big that there was a second exit from my room...fabulous bathrooms which were very well accessorised...beds from heaven! ...TV in bedrooms hidden in 'cupboards' so that they don't glare at you... The lounge had a large plasma TV and a DVD/CD player with 5.1 surround sound. Never has music sounded so good! It was so great we ordered champagne straight away and rang reception to extend our stay from one night to three.The next day we went shopping and when we got back, a lady knocked on our door to ask whether everything was &quot;correct&quot; after housekeeping had been there. It was!We took advantage of everything there was. We used the gym, had massages and beauty treatments in the spa, ordered room service, checked out the breakfast buffet, had oysters and (more) champagne, hung out in the business lounge and the apartment lounge...I've also been for drinks both before and since and I love it every time. The staff recognise me and I always get excellent service.(I also stayed at a Marriott in Brisbane and the quality, again, was superb! Those Marriott peole have the best beds in the business.)	
Mar 20 2007 	Lovely Weekend Stay	Stayed here the weekend of 17/18 March. Very good rate for weekend stays as they seem to concentrate on the business traveller. Both myself and my girlfriend really enjoyed the stay.- Check-in and concierge were both very helpful and knowledgeable and early check in and late check out were not a problem on our arrival and departure dates.- Room was one of the three best I have every stayed in, after the Four Seasons in Seattle and The Grove near Watford. However both of these are quiet a bit more expensive so top marks in term of room and value for money. - Beds were excellent- no wonder my girlfirend never wanted to get out of bed in the morning. - Very clean and room and en-suite were both well stocked.- Canary Wharf shopping centre and various pubs and restaurants are nearby as to is London City Airport.- Fast and frequent connection into the City Centre by the Docklands Rail (every time we went to the station, 150m away, we never had to wait more than 3/4 minutes.Downside if there is one is that the full buffet breakfast at £18 is expensive, but you don;t have to eat there so you can go into town or across to Canary Wharf for something cheaper.You also have the option of using an executive room with free drinks and bits of food for £20 a day, however we just went to the supermarket and bought our own stuff which worked out cheaper. Overall, this is good value for money and you will not get value like this in the City Centre where rooms are at most half the size of the Marriotts and twice the price.	
Mar 15 2007 	Relaxing friendly 5 star experience	This is one of Marriotts 5 star London offerings, this time in Canary Wharf. The hotel is made up of 2 parts, 1 overlooking the quay in the glass tower and the other overlooking the DLR in a red brick building to the rear. The brick part extends to 3 floors whilst the tower extends to 8, although the tower is much taller the rest is made up of apartments, some Marriott and some private. The standard rooms are in the brick part, the executive rooms in the tower. We were in the brick part, we did enquire at the cost of an upgrade but it was to be £45 night, almost half as much as we'd paid for our brilliant dbb package, it made no sense, DLR view it was. In fact the room was big with 2 double beds (we were with our son) and very clean, the bathroom was immaculate, considering this is London the room was very large.The furnishings were lovely and the beds beautifully comfy, a good nights sleep was had by all!Breakfast in the restaurant is very good, chefs will cook to your request but do be aware that if your rate includes breakfast it has to be taken in the restaurant, room service breakfast incurs the full cost. Evening meals were faultless, the restaurant specialises in seafood and does it very well. Staff service is flawless in the restaurant and throughout the hotel. Be aware the photos on the Marriott website make it appear very stark and clinical but in fact the whole hotel has a very good atmosphere. This is not a snooty 5 star, it performs its 5 star functions without looking down its nose!Connections to London are a synch with the DLR right next door leading to Bank and hence onto the Northern, Central and Circle lines, the city action is easy to reach.If you dont fancy the hotel food offerings (and it is expensive if you're not dbb) then there are several restaurants nearby, all look very inviting!Please note this is not a posh extravagant 5 star hotel, its not some extravagant demonstration of excess, instead it ticks all the boxes for efficiency, courtesy and value, a good package for both business and leisure travellers, especially with some of the offers available.Overall a wonderful relaxing stay, we will stay again	
Mar 2 2007 	Perfect!	We booked the room over mariott.com. We noticed a early check-in and a non-smoking room. Reception staff were really excellent! There was no problem when we arrived at 11 am. Room was ready and we got a free upgrade to a suite.The suite was spacious and clean; just smashing. What a shame that we were shopping the whole day and not using this luxury ;-)Didin't try the breakfast, as we hit the road early, but we had a drink at the hotel bar. Nice view and friendly staff.Overall the staff were very helpful and we enjoyed the stay.We stayed over a night for a weekend. The room rate was £99 +(!) VAT, what is a fair price. Location is perfect if you have business to do at Canary Wharf. The DLR station is just on the doorstep. To the West End you can take the Tube at Canary Wharf.	
Jan 11 2007 	Best option for business visitors to Canary Wharf	As a frequent visitor to Canary Wharf, I've stayed at the Hilton, at the Crowne Plaza, at the Guoman Tower, the Brittania, and the Apex City - but the Marriott is really the best pick of the lot. The Hilton is a close second. Why do I like the Marriott? Because it is upscale and has all the nice little touches that you want in a hotel. I also liked the staff -smiling and courteous. It's not cheap - I paid £230 for an Executive Room (which is a sort of superior class of room), but if you're on a company budget I suppose that's ok.Check-in is at 3:00 p.m., so if you are arriving early, you may not get a room. I usually ask the office to reserve an additional day (because I fly all night and am usually not in the mood for any nonsense in the morning), but this time I forgot. In any case, they were very nice. They escorted me to the gym and washrooms to freshen up, concierge helped with the bags. The washrooms are new and sparkling clean. I walked into the men's by mistake :) so for once I can write a review about that as well! The mens washroom is twice the size of the ladies!When I came back in the evening, my bags were in my room. The room was luxurious and very comfortable. Fluffy pillows and soft bed (personally, I prefer harder beds, better for the back, but it was fun to snuggle down and watch TV). The decor is not really &quot;designer&quot; but it is pleasing in a modern sort of way. Everything looks new, and things work.Room service brought me dinner really quickly. I asked for a sewing kit and got one - not a tiny cheap affair, but a nice one. They have make-up removal cotton pads in the bathroom (bless them) and ear-buds as well. Towels are soft. The shower is nice, the taps have clear instructions, the bathtub is not large but it is clean and new. The bathrobes (his and hers) are cotton (easy to wear) and not the thick towelly type that I find very uncomfortable. There's an ironing board in the room, so you don't have to ring and ask for one (so much more convenient). Broadband internet is there, the writing table is nice. My room doesnt have a full length mirror though. For those staying in Executive rooms, there are some freebies - free pressing service for two suits, access to the Executive Club Lounge, happy hours (free beer and wine), and complimentary light breakfast (there's quite a nice selection of food, its not one of those cornflakes-and-croissant affairs). The executive lounge is small but nice, with great views. Bottomline - if you're working in Canary Wharf, and not on a budget, this is a great place to stay.	
Jan 5 2007 	Room allocation lottery	This is a truly fine hotel for people that like Canary Wharf and get a good room. The bar staff are wonderful but the hotel has a problem with it's room allocation procedures and we can't quite understand the system. It sometimes seems designed to insult the guests and then overcompensate if a fuss is made. This seems to be true whether the hotel is full or empty, you have made specific requests or not and whether they have reserved specific rooms for you or not. Good luck.	
Jan 5 2007 	Enjoyable stay	Stayed over a Saturday night for a weekend in London. Rate was £99 plus VAT, which I consider to be a very fair price for London. Location could be better, but with the DLR on the doorstep that's not really an issue. Parking was £5/24h at weekends in the car park opposite. Nice clean room on the executive floor, had a free upgrade due to my business usage, this may be worth paying extra for if you plan to use the lounge area for drinks, snacks, breakfast etc. The breakfast provided was excellent considering the outrageous amount you can be charged in hotels. We had an evening meal in Curve where the food was good and the staff helpful, but the room was freezing cold and lacking atmosphere. It would be better with more people around. Not the best way to spend £80 in December though. Didn't try the gym and lack of pool is a bit of a shame. Overall the staff were very helpful, the room was clean and fresh (instant coffee though, so go for the upgrade if this is important to you) and we enloyed the stay. On balance the hotel is good value for the price paid and I will stay again.	
Dec 30 2006 	Good Place To Stay When Visiting London	Arrived on the 28th December by car for a 2 nights stay. - Car park - not owned or run by the hotel was just a couple of yards from the hotel - £15 per day parking.Good Points:Nice new hotel - very clean and well runChecking was really easy with plenty of helpful staff offering to carry your bags to your roomThe DLR (Docklands Light Railway is just outside the hotels door - getting into London was a BREEZE! - we paid £4.90 and that took us all around zones 1 &amp; 2 (the centre of the capitalIndoor shopping centre within walking distance - with most of the major brandsPlenty of bars serving good affordable food outside the hotel (we ate out every night)Beds - very big - very comfortable and very clean!Bad Points or points to noteThe hotel is a typical business hotel - being situated RIGHT in the business part of the Docklands financial quarter - concrete tower blocks all around!Once the office workers have gone home - it does seem a bit like a ghost town - not many people aboutEating in the hotel - I always find all the business hotels seem to bump up the prices of food &amp; drink to compensate for the cheaper weekend prices - this hotel is no different - be prepared to pay £18 for a standard preakfast and around £30 for a single evening meal - a bit expensive in my opinion.We ate in the numerouse bars and restaraunts situated just outside the hotel - much cheaper!The hotel has no swimming pool! - unusual for a 4 star rated hotel!Overall OpinionVery nice hotel in a great location to explore London - train/underground links excellent and very easy.I would definitley consider staying here again on a short breakhope this review helps	
Dec 11 2006 	Great hotel.	My wife and I have just returned from 3 nights at the Marriott India Quay and will definately return when we are next in London.Immediately outside the hotel there are numerous bars and restuarants (browns, wetherspoons, La tasca to name a few). A five minute walk or 30 second trip on the dockland light railway gets you to Canary wharfe where there are alot more shops, cafes, banks, bars and Also a Tesco and Waitrose's supermarketsTravel into London is realy easy from here via the DLR from india quay(station right next to hotel) or the jubilee line on the underground from canary wharfe. An all day Pass which is good on the DLR, The underground and the buses is only 4.90. Both the underground and the DLR are well lit and feel really safe. It takes about 20-25 minutes to get to the west end.The hotel itself is exactly what you would expect from a Marriott, Nice, well maintained rooms, nice staff and a nice feel about the place. Breakfast is a buffet style and choice is excellent with everything you could possibly want available, breakfast is also served until 11am everyday which is nice if you are there for a leisure trip.	
Dec 5 2006 	Luxury in London!	We arrived at the hotel at the Dockland's Light Rail (DLR) Station right next door having travelled from London City Airport merely only 15 minutes away. We were greeted so amicably by reception and although they could not give us extended check out on the Sunday, check in was a very pleasant experience. Our room was VERY clean, beautiful beds and decor and great bathroom products. Everything you need for a weekend away! Although we were on the DLR side, there was minimal noise and the view over the city was lovely! Nothing spectacular but pleasant enough. The DLR takes you right into the city and easy access to all the main attractions for 4.90 Sterling a day for two zones, which really covers all the big stuff. Food in the hotel was excellent and the Manhattan Bar does the best cocktails. Music could be better but the service was second to none. There are lots of really neat restaurants to eat in the area and a cinema just a block away. Canary Wharf and a great shopping center are just over the bridge with the Cat and Canary Pub just a stone's throw away! Brilliant!On checking out, I needed to leave my bag as I was going shopping. The bell hop took it from me at reception and on my return, I was escorted to the Fitness Center so I could freshen up and repack so I could accommodate my shopping. Door was opened for me coming in and out and ALL the staff without exception were just lovely! I could not fault the place on anything! AND...the best part....99 Sterling per night (excl. VAT). Brilliant value when some cheesy joints are charging much more just because they are downtown. Travelling on the DLR is a doddle, quick and safe as there are a lot of staff manning the trains. Loved it! This is one of the best Hotels in London to stay at!	
Nov 11 2006 	Poor service	This modern, new hotel has a nice look and feel. Large enough rooms, broadband access for a fee, room safe and large bathroom. Physically it is great, however the service is poor. It took the clerk a while to check in at 12:00 a.m. when I was the only customer at the front desk. He clerk had to swipe my credit card twice because he thought it did not work the first time. It did work both times so I had double the reserve placed against the card.I only stayed two nights and my room was never serviced. I left for the day at 9:15 a.m. so there was plenty of time to service the room. When I called at 9:00 p.m. on a Saturday evening to inform the hotel my room had not been serviced I did not get a sympatric response. The &quot;at your service&quot; desk informed me that housekeeping was gone for the night. I had to ask for extra towels and washcloth. When they brought the towels up they brought three face cloths and a bath robe. The bellmen did return promptly with two bath towels.When I was leaving in the morning a fellow guest talked about how the hotel did not seem to understand how run things smoothly. I concur with his conclusion.The location is okay if you are not planning to spend much time in Central London. Allow 40 minutes on the Tube to get to Central London. The tube stop (Canary Wharf) is a 10 minute walk from the hotel.	
Nov 8 2006 	Wonderful bed perfect service couldn't be better!	This hotel is conveniently located in the Canary Wharf banking district. It is an easy 5 min.walk to the tube and the DLR station is right next door - either of which can connect you to the rest of the city. I never heard a train even though they were running nearby. The hotel was perfect. Beautifully decorated, attentive staff, spa bathroom, and wonderful soft bedding with lots of pillows. If you have the opportunity to use the executive lounge, it is a very nice place for breakfast, drinks or snacks. I am usually disappointed with hotel rooms and often feel they are not cleaned well and I really dislike dingy showers. This room is just the opposite - clean and new. We did not use room service so I cannot speak for that. If you need to stay close to Canary Wharf, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 29 2006 	An Excellent Hotel	Stopped at the hotel with my family for two nights. The hotel and service were excellent and the benefits offered by the Executive Lounge are second to none and a breath of fresh air when you have children with you. They somewhat undersell the benefits of the Executive Lounge, but for the extra £20 per room that it cost the benefits were great. You have the advantage of complimentary soft drinks and snacks all day and the benefit of complimentary warm Snacks from 5.30 to 7.30 pm and then from 7.30pm until 9.30pm you have fcomplimentary desserts. In addition from 5.30pm to 7.30pm you have the extra bonus of complimentary wine and beer. As stated before in reviews the room was excellent and the staff brilliant, nothing was too much trouble. This hotel and the surrounding area should appeal to every type of visitor. Central London is only ten minutes away on the tube and the local restaurants and bars looked wonderful. I have stopped at several more expensive hotels and would not return to them, but would definitley return here with or without the kids. Overall nothing to fault.	
Oct 4 2006 	Great location and friendly staff	We stayed on a Saturday night and the area was buzzing. Loved the room, great shower and the bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The reception and bar staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough for us. The only downside is that we were on the first floor and could hear the trains on the DLR (station is right next door) although a room on a higher floor might be less noisy.	
Aug 17 2006 	Not to be touched	I was kindly bought a romantic weekend in London by my boyfriend. Being both students he had really quite splashed out to get me a weekend to remember however the stay was purely awful. On the day we arrived we were shown up to a room, of course as you do, you have a sneaky peek of the view. I came face to face with London's light railway junction and some other disgusting fans. After a brief conversation with my boyfriend we decided to go back down to reception and ask to be changed rooms. Because of the staff's lack of English it took 4 attemps to find a room which did not have a horrendous view. I also felt that the hotel was far from central London and that it was simply cold, the concierge was absolutely useless the staff were not friendly. The only good thing was the breakfast which was rather nice, although I would say that everything was put quite a fair distance from one another which made breakfast seem to be a trek to the Himalayas. Also the staff were like hawks, i think they were scared that someone was going to steel the cutlery or something. I would also like to add that we were infact still at the hotel when Tottenham players got their mysterious food poisoning. The security tightened which made it inconvinient for us normal people because we had to show proff of stay at the side door when we had checked out and just come back to collect our bags. The security man just could not be bothered to even call through to see if we had stayed at the hotel. Final note: this hotel is overpriced for what it is and the staff needs some English lessons	
Aug 3 2006 	Good hotel for the business or holiday traveller	I have stayed at this hotel twice now, both times for work, and found it very comfortable and convenient. It was really convenient for me as I had to work in one of the buildings in Canary Wharf and so could walk to and from the hotel. If you wanted to go places in the City or central london, then you'll have a 15 minute train ride.The rooms were very comfortable (and the bed was fantastic - Marriott really have great beds!) and fairly quiet. My room on my most recent stay faced the railway tracks but I really had to concentrate to hear the trains, and they stop running at midnight anyway. The airconditioning was faultless, the bathroom excellent and the whole room was very clean and comfortable. What was good was that when I booked, the website said there were no non-smoking rooms available, but the lady checking me in was able to find me a non-smoking room.My only (minor) gripes were the room service staff who were a little slow and kept forgetting things. Some food arrived cold as well. The check in desk could do with some &quot;priority&quot; desks for people actually checking in and out as when I tried several staff were occupied helping other guests with questions. This meant that I and several other guests had to wait around for someone to become available. However, Marriott do offer an express checkout service.The breakfast was very good and the other meals I had via room service were good (when they arrived and were hot!). Overall I would recommend this hotel if you are planning on spending a fair amount of time in the Docklands area of London.	
Jul 5 2006	Great experience	I was a little concerned about the location of this hotel, since we were going to London as tourists, not on business. The West India Quay/Canary Wharf areas are full of office buildings and young professionals, and I was worried we would be too far from the action in central London.My fears were unfounded. This hotel turned out to be a fantastic option. The Docklands Rail stop was only a few feet from the hotel door. The Tube/Underground station was just across a footbridge to Canary Wharf. From there, you can quickly and easily go anywhere in central London. After a long day of touring the sites, you can retire to a modern, pleasant, safe area of London for a good night's sleep.The hotel staff was very friendly. The rooms were well-appointed and air-conditioned (very important as we were there during a summer heat wave). I would recommend it to business travelers or tourists.	
Apr 27 2006	great hotel!	Great Hotel. Stayed for one night. Very comfortable bed. It was good being so close to docklands railway. I will be booking again soon.	
Apr 1 2006	Would Stay Again	We stayed here for 4 nights in March. We had a room overlooking the docks, and I think this is a definite must! The hotel is steps from the DLR line and a 7 minute walk from the Canary Wharf tube stop. There are plenty of hotels and restaurants around if you would like to avoid the hotel. We really liked Brown's which is next door. The hotel was very accomodating, and the rooms were nice. The bed was the best bed I've had in my travels to Europe. The only problem we had was one of the elevators did not stop on our floor for 2 days. However, there is another elevator in the stairwell. I would stay here again.	
Jan 22 2006 	Agree about the beds!	Just spent a peaceful weekend here in a lovely room overlooking the Dock surrounded by the lights of the skyscrapers. I can understand why some people would be miffed if they got a room on the DLR side but there are some VERY cheap deals on this hotel in the UK papers right now. Curve restaurant is a bit predictable and not too expensive - if you really want to spend try the local Conran (Plateau)over the top of Waitrose but the menu and ambience are worth it. There are loads of other places to eat and the shops were all open on the Saturday we were there. SO easy to get into the West end too.Lastly I have to agree that the beds are REALLY soft and comfy. I would return.	
Jan 18 2006 	Pretty good hotel	I am currently here on a business trip working near Cabot Square. If that is why you are in London, this hotel is good. The service is polite and courteous, the rooms are clean, and the hotel restaurant is worth going to.Also, the underground and DLR stations are 2 minute walk.  Note, however, that the hotel is VERY expensive. It is £165 a night + an optional £35/day for an executive lounge. There you can get a very light breakfast/drinks from 5-7pm every day. If you ask me, this optional £35 are not worth it. There are 5 bars right accross the hotel and one of them, Las Tapas, has excellent food, good drinks and not expensive. Now, if you are in London for vacation, there is no need to stay in this hotel. It is in the east london and about 25 mins from the center. Remember, the roundtrip in the tube is £4.95. Very nice subway but GROSSLY overpriced. Also, the shopping mall is closing early; all you have in the neighbourhood and 5 bars. The area pretty much dies in the evening and barely comes alive over the weekend. The Heathrow airport is FAR away; a whopping £70 for a cab.	
Jan 8 2006	Great weekend in Docklands	This Marriott has to be one of my favourite Marriott properties. Spent the weekend here and were allowed to check in early and check out late. Staff very pleasant and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. Room nicely appointed even though you can hardly term Marriott stylish - but it was very comfy nonetheless. Curve restaurant was pleasant and no trouble about the A/C as other guests have pointed out. The best thing about this Marriot though has to be the bed which was simply outstanding; I have actually never slept in a more comfortable bed. You might want to think twice about staying here if you want a crazy weekend on the town but for a relaxed break, this Marriott simply does it better.	
Dec 6 2005	Good.	Stayed here at the end of November 2005,We had a room in the red brickpart of the building, which gave us a side view of the harbour. The room was nice and clean, the beds were verry comfortable, (not so soft).The window of our room couldn't be opened, due to safety reasons we were told. So one has to turn on the aico, which isn't always that great. Breakfast was ok, except the way the disches were presented. That was devided over three seperated places (hot, cold and bread) across the breakfastroom. Like written in an other review, the seats at the window are verry cold, ask a seat somewere else.The area in which the hotel is situated is verry nice and one is in no time in the centre of London.We will definitly go back to this hotel.	
Nov 15 2005	Great location	We stayed for 2 nights as part of a rail package. I actually enjoyed the location more than the hotel, West India Quays is an oasis of calm after the hustle of your day out in London. The surrounding buildings are beautiful at night, glittering and reflected in the river, and the place has a youthful ambience, plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from and fast links to the city.The Hotel was smart, new and clean, the staff on reception were helpful and friendly and gave us a very nice room on the 5th floor, room 509 which had a lovely water view, and was situated on the curved front of the hotel, not the red building at the back. I would not have accepted a room 2 floors lower however as that would have faced the platform of the light docklands railway.Breakfast was OK, it was good quality and offered all you would expect, but no more, if you wanted a waffle or anything you had to pay extra. Also the tables were small and not cleared often enough and I found that irritating, trying to balance items on top of one another. Staff were available but they were chatting to each other. I was also sat on a table below the air conditioning, which was hopeless as it was chilly and food got cold very quickly. Next time I would ask for a table away from the window.The room was nice, ironing board, tea/coffee, mini bar, clean and comfortable, but only one set of toiletries and one night they didn't do the pre-ordered turn down, which was disappointing. It was a very clean hotel though which is excellent. The bathroom had a tub and shower. the room was never quiet though, as even though it was turned off, the air conditioning was very noisy, my husband likened it to trying to sleep in a plane!Over all, this is a clean comfortable hotel that delivers just enough to make you use it again, no 5 star thrills, but no let downs either, and it is in a very nice location. We went to greenwich on the sunday which we really enjoyed, it was full of markets, both new and Flee, well worth a visit. Really enjoyed the royal observatory which was free. I liked the Area and would go back.	
Nov 12 2005	Great Hotel	It is a lovely hotel, very modern, immaculately clean. From the moment ones walks in, one can tell that this a top notch hotel. The vestibule is very welcoming with nice soft tones and contrasting deep reds to add some colour. The rooms are built and decorated to a very high standard,have a decent size, bathrooms are big, the usual neutrogena toiletries. Food in the restuarant is nice. Just one thing avoid ordering the Hanger steaks, the chef wasn't able to get them right. It is good value for money if you pay the weekend rates. There is a multiplex cinema almost behind the hotel, handy if you fancy watching a film. Closed to all the shops and amenities in Canary Wharf. There is no shortage of restuarants and bars near by.	
Oct 14 2005	One of the Best!!	I stayed at the Marriott in July 2005 as I was attending the Live 8 concert and it was part of a package. It is a wonderful hotel. Never had a problem from the moment we arrived until we left. You can get very good rates from the Marriott website for this hotel.The rooms are very spacious, we were overlooking the Quay. The breakfast was probably a bit pricey but there was a huge selection of everything, hot and cold food, cereals, breads, everything you could want. There are a lot of restaurants / pubs nearby as well if you don't want to eat at the hotel.The staff were extremely friendly. I had one problem while I was there, the Sky Sports on the TV lost reception at 7.30 in the morning just as the Lions were about to play New Zealand. Rang reception, they had a guy up in the room almost as soon as I put the phone down and 5 minutes later, it was all sorted, excellent.It is not in central London, but it is close to the tube at Canary Wharf and the DLR at West India Quay is just beside the hotel. Just be aware that if you are planning any wild nights out in the West End, that there are no Night Buses serving the Canary Wharf area as its not really residential. The last tube and DLR run just after midnight and a taxi (if you get one in the West End) costs around £20 at night to Docklands. I would definitely recommend this hotel to tourists though. It is quiet, the surrounding area is very nice, you're only 15 / 20 mins away from the Centre of London and the Hotel itself cannot be faulted. I will be going back there!!	
Sep 4 2005 	Best hotel in Docklands	Rooms and facilities are what you woud expect in an expensive Marriott, even if there's not much difference between standard and executive. What makes this hotel different is that the staff are wonderful. Concierge staff are friendly and helpful, front desk staff are great and the bar staff are brilliant.	
Aug 20 2005 	Too close to the DLR	Well, the hotel is adjacent to the West India Quay DLR station, so handy for publci transport (Jubilee line tube is near also). However, my window was parallel with the DLR platform. I can tell you as a result that DLR runs until about 0100 and starts again at about 0530...you had better ask for a room away from the station, or have a much higher floor than 3/4. Reception was fine and efficient. CHanged my room without question when I said I did not want the room with a connecting door that they had allocated me initially. My room itself was spotless and most things worked fine, except the internet was not yet working in my room. Very comfortable though. Breakfast and VAT were not included in the quote on the Marriot website, which is common with London marriotts - you do not get what you expect to get as standard in London compared to elsewhere in UK. I would definitely NOT recoomed this hotel to first-time tourists in London, as it is such a way from the West End. The whole &quot;fake&quot; style of the Canary Wharf area gives me a very strange feeling. It is like being on a film set, as you know that nothing is very old, even though some of the buildings are dressed up to look much older. For business in Canary Wharf, this hotel is great, for tourists, I would say go elsewhere.	
Aug 19 2005	Followup to earlier review - stayed again in execu room		
Jul 4 2005	Excellent Hotel	We have just had a wonderful stay at this hotel. It was a very busy weekend due to Live 8. The staff at the hotel were under pressure as the hotel was full and my request for a non smoking room and also 2 double beds were not able to be fulfilled.We were on a break with our daughter as she was ill and we wanted to have a family weekend. We accepted the smoking room and also the rollaway and I am glad we did as we had a lovely room in the Tower with a great outlook.I can only give the hotel praise. Every aspect of our stay was excellent. The staff were all friendly and most professional.It is rare that we return to a hotel but I have booked again.	
Jun 27 2005	peaceful but exciting		
May 11 2005	Great Experience!		
May 9 2005	Incredible Experience		
Mar 12 2005	Fairly Good Hotel But Note Your Prices		
Feb 23 2005	Not just for business people		
Jan 12 2005	Loved this hotel!		
Sep 24 2004	This is not a 5-star hotel		
Jul 10 2004	Incredible beyond 5 stars!!		
Jun 23 2004	Not just a Marriott		
Oct 5 2009 	Ottimo affare!		
Jul 24 2009 	Enchantés		
May 12 2009 	Bell'albergo ottimo quartiere ottima offerta		
Apr 25 2009 	Ottimo nessun difetto! posizione non centrale ma gradevole.		
Jul 18 2008 	Sehr gutes Hotel		
Oct 4 2006 	Für die Weekend-Rate wirklich klasse		
Feb 14 2006	Superbe séjours		
