Nov 24 2009 	A Great New Hotel in a Great Locality	I had tickets for a show at The Barbican and looked around to see what hotels were not too far away from the area, so using TripAdvisor for some guidance I chose the Tower Bridge Hilton. Check-in was very easy in the Executive Lounge, and although I had to wait 30 mins until the room had been finished, I was treated very well by the staff. I enjoyed the separate shower/bath arrangement in the room, and the room was well fitted with furniture, bedding and wardrobe/storage space. There's also a larger than usual safe which can easily accomodate laptops etc. The late-night room service was very good too.	
Nov 18 2009 	The Hilton name means "NO SURPRISES"	My wife and I made our third trip to London in the past twelve months. Our daughter lives in London which gives us an opportunity to sample different hotels each time we go. In addition, this was also our 37th wedding anniversary, so we were very careful not to book our stay at a hotel where we might encounter &quot;surprises&quot; not to our liking.Since this Hilton is located very close to our daughter, we decided to book our stay here.Based on previous reviews of this hotel in Trip Advisor, plus my son-in-laws input, we booked an Executive double for 4 days and three nights.We arrived at the hotel at about 11:30AM and were immediately greeted by Ms. Megah Singh, who promptly arranged an early check in, and personally escorted us to our room on the 10th floor.There were no negative &quot;surprises&quot;.The room was spotless, and it had a nice set-up for a bath tub, and separate shower.Ms. Singh also arranged to have piece of chocolate confection (to die for) with &quot;happy 37th anniversary&quot; written on it. Nice touch Ms. Singh !!!!!!We were also glad that we opted for the Executive Double (including breakfast) booking since it gave us access to the private lounge which offers food, snacks, as well as a speedy check-out when you complete your stay.The English breakfasts were GREAT, and left you full until dinner.The service was excellent. This includes the dining room staff as well as house-keeping, and most certainly the front desk.Amazingly, once the staff met you they remembered your name.This in itself shows you how they focus on every detail to make your stay memorable.It was unfortunate that our stay was for only 4 days.Our next trip will be in 2010, and we will most assuredly stay here again	
Nov 15 2009 	Would definately stay here again	Booked this for a week-end away having read the Tripadvisor reports. As usual was not disappointed. Situation; quality of hotel and service all first class. Drinks / mini bar - quite expensive but everything else was good value for the quality of hotel. Staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. Would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Nov 11 2009 	Lovely stay	My fiance and I stayed here for 2 nights in October. We had an executive room which included breakfast in the executive louge, afternoon tea, snacks and alcholic drinks from 6-9pm. The Lounge is quite small but is comfortable and provides free internet access, magazines and newspapers, fresh fruit etc. Our executive room (on the top floor) was nice but perhaps lacking something in terms of wow factor but had all the mod cons you would need. The staff were helful and friendly and when I phoned the hotel in advance to arrange champagne in our room on arrival they even sourced a specific brand of champagne for me that they dont stock - nice surprise and shows that extra attention to detail which can really makes the customer service stand out.The hotel is in a good location, just a couple of mins walk from the tube station.The only thing that was a shame is that they tried to charge us for a couple of minibar drinks on checkout which we had not consumed. For that reason I would like to give them 4.5/5 overall.	
Nov 6 2009 	Smart clean quiet hotel great for business.	Stayed in the Hilton Tower Bridge for the second time recently: both visits have been enjoyable. The rooms are quiet and clean and comfortable - though I wasn't very impressed by the slightly bumpy mattress and polyester pillows: not what you'd expect for a hotel at this level.Still, I was impressed by the service, especially the waiting staff at breakfast (which was quite tasty, actually), and the hotel were very attentive to the needs of busines travellers (though I can't vouch for holiday-makers, or those hoping to have a romantic getaway).The hotel's not in the best location - not near a tube, and slap bang in Banker's Mile: great if you work in finance, but not great if you were hoping to see some sights - but a short cab ride should get you into the centre of town quite quickly.All in all, comfortable, and a pleasant stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Smart hotel rip-off pricing and amateur service	This is a smart-looking hotel, in an excellent location, with very large, clean rooms BUT ...they charge £15 per 24 hours for in-room internet connection. I would expect any good quality hotel to provide internet connection free of charge - in this age, it's like charging extra for hot water. And if you must charge, then make it more reasonable - £15 per 24 hours is nothing but outrageous profiteering. There is no way it costs them £15 to run the wireless connection (I pay that per month for my connection at home!!!) so to charge such an inflated price for just 24 hours is pure greed.Also, I waited 10 minutes at the concierge's desk to retrieve my bags from storage while he continued a telephone conversation - he didn't even have the good manners to acknowledge I was there, make eye contact or mouth an apology for keeping me waiting. Why only one person on this desk? Being a concierge and a head porter are different jobs - why is a concierge dealing with lengthy theatre and restaurant bookings also the one in charge of the left-luggage store? I was in full view of the reception desk while I waited and waited and waited and not one of the three reception staff had the manners to come over and offer to help me while the concierge was otherwise engaged.These are small things but so irritating in a hotel when they have got other things so right.	
Nov 2 2009 	Poor service hiding behind beautiful surroundings!	Firstly, may I say 'WOW'. The hotel certainly does look fab both from the outside and on the interior. Hilton really have gone to town with this new hotel.However, I do believe the staff and management are hiding behind this wow factor and not providing 'great service'. Long waits at both dinner and breakfast meant we were late for onward appointments both times. Although the waitress who seated us for breakfast took our tea and coffee order, this was never passed on and took fully 20 minutes to arrive - is it not a Hilton standard for this to be brought straight away?I just got the feeling that the staff felt 'yeah, so we've got a great new modern hotel and surroundings here - good aren't we?'. Attention to the finer details like good service please.Oh, and the shower was in remarkably bad condition given the short length of time this hotel has been open.Try it though - I may have just had a bad experience.	
Nov 1 2009 	Absolutely great!	My wife and I were attending a two-day concert at the Tower of London, so we thought this Hilton would be the perfect spot, being just across the river. We were very, very pleased by our choice and plan to go back again as soon as we're able.We used Hilton Points to book the room. We were able to upgrade at no charge to an Executive room, with access to the Executive Lounge for breakfast and evening snacks. The Lounge even had a nice outdoor area.The hotel is new and stylish. Trendy and comfortable at the same time. Our room was beautifully decorated (although it wasn't always the most practical in terms of lighting and how the bath was arranged).The location, within the More London complex and right by City Hall and the Tower Bridge, is perfect for tourists (and I would suppose for business people working nearby). The London Bridge Underground station is a few steps down the street, plus there are plenty of buses and taxis within easy reach. There are lots of restaurants nearby, plus a Marks &amp; Spencer.Before arrival, we received an e-mail offer for dinner and wine in the hotel restaurant. We were pleased by the food, the wine, and the service.Overall, we highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 31 2009 	Be prepared to part with large sums of your money	I have stayed here repetitively on business solely because of its location, which is right nearby where I need to be while in London. The rooms are always clean and there usually have been plenty of staff on hand at check-in and check-out, offering to help with bags and anything else. The lobby area offers lots of seating and is a good place to meet colleagues in preparation for meetings etc. The rooms are small but no smaller than typical London hotel rooms. There are coffee/sandwich places nearby so you are not limited to what the hotel has to offer. If I were in London for leisure I would not stay here. The nightly rates have been unreasonable (even with my corporate discount) for the past two years -- it is as though they are unaware of the recession. They do not offer anything better than other hotels for the price, so the Hilton is not worth it given all the other accommodation choices throughout London, many of which are in neighborhoods with some character and more sights to see than the Tower Bridge - London Bridge area.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel would stay there again	This was our first trip to London. We stayed here for a weekend before traveling to other parts of the UK for business. The rooms are very modern, yet comfortable. The location of the hotel was excellent, a short taxi ride to all points of interest. We had such a limited time that we did not take public transportation, but I understand it was close by. The concierge was very helpful with directions and theatre info. My only complaint was, we never did figure out how to turn on the shower! We could work the tub but not the shower. It was also a VERY high tub, so if you have limited mobility that would be a problem. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Deserves the good reviews	I echo all the other good reviews of this hotel - it's only a few minutes' walk from London Bridge mainline and tube stations and right next to the river. As it was a special occasion we had been upgraded and also received a lovely chocolate cake in our room. There was complimentary bottled water and a small bottle of red wine in our room, not sure if this applies to all rooms in the hotel though. The room and bathroom decor was very stylish, the blackout curtains did a very good job of keeping our room dark overnight and early morning. Breakfast was also very good, an excellent selection.	
Oct 26 2009 	excellent hotelgreat location	stayed for two nights and im so glad we picked this hotel,on arrival we were upgraded to a deluxe room.fabulous room very comfortable bed,every touch you would get in a 5 star hotel.staff were excellent ,concierge staff were great.we had drinks in the bar on the friday night and it was a lovely relaxed evening with great service.breakfast was also top class.i would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in a great location but away from noisey streets,for somewhere you feel you can relax in the evening after sightseeing all day.this hotel should be a 5 star and we will stay here again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights (mid Oct 2009). Got the hotel through Priceline at a very reasonable rate. Got a free upgrade when we checked in! Hotel was extremely clean, staff excellent. 3 minute walk to nearest tube station, although we preferred to walk over the bridge (take in the views) and get on at Bank. This saved us changing lines to get to the shops. Pleny of cafes near the hotel, and a Marks and Spencer beside it. As this hotel is in the city area of the town, be aware that a lot of the shops etc are closed in this area during the weekend, as all the bankers are away to their weekend retreats.Highly recommend this hotel. Would stay in it again.	
Oct 20 2009 	nothing too much trouble	I stayed here for 2 nights at the weekend with my 6 year old daughter. We were away for a girlie weekend to do the sights and see The Lion King. On arrival at the hotel I was advised that we had been upgraded to a Delux Twin which was a lovely start!! The room was fabulous and we both felt very special with our huge comfy room.Throughout our stay the staff treated my daughter like a princess and it really did make our special weekend away better than I could have imagined.	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfect clean quiet new fresh service better than standard	Stayed there during the weekend on sat and sunday night. Was pretty quiet, because the office (Ernest and Young across the hotel building) were closed. But I think even during midweek, it'll still much more quiet compare to central london's hotel (old buildings )Location: it's not central, takes about 15minutes by subway/tube and you need to transfer for one line to the other. The busses are better option for this location, however during rush hour, you cld get really stuck with busses in London.The hotel is a true 4 star (or may is say 4,5 star) , Service is more than standard. If it's your special day/ anniversary, they'll send u some nice cake/ strawberries etc.The fridge is one of the latest high tech-hotel-fridge i've ever seen. It says on the fridge: if you move/remove any drinks/snacks from its location in the fridge you'll be charged for consumption. So I just opened the fridge and stared at the bottles and snacks, didn't dear to touch and lift up a bottle... Welldone Hilton. The room is very nice cosy, furnished with design chair. Alittle small LCD tv though, but who cares, we're in london.As shown on many visitors photos of the hotel, it's nice, clean, trendy and stylish.Price is very fair, for a hotel just not to far away from central. if this hotel was in central london , this would be a 5 star. but price would be defenately double.	
Oct 12 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	We stayed here with our young son and my parents. The bed was so comfortable and the shower/bathroom were beautiful and luxurious. We had adjoining rooms with a beautiful view of the city. The hotel had our son's crib set up when we got there complete with a sheet and blanket. We also ate breakfast in the restaurant and it was very good. I can't say enough about how great this hotel was. When traveling abroad, comfort is essential (in my opinion) because sight-seeing, train-hopping, and walking completely wear you out. Staying in London isn't cheap, but I highly recommend paying for a good-quality hotel.	
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights, getting a special in the January sale @ under £80 per night bed &amp; breakfast.There were absolutely no complaints regarding anything in the hotel! The staff were very pleasant and always acknlowledge you and always had smiles on their faces. The rooms and rest of hotel were spotless.We flew British Airways from Glasgow, arriving at City Airport. From leaving the plane, picking up our case, getting on the Docklands Light Railway and changing to underground, getting off at London Bridge Station took less than 30 minutes.We arrived at the hotel before 11.00am, but were delighted that the hotel had a room available, although were told it was a wheelchair-friendly room, but we could wait if we wanted a normal room. We accepted the first option, which was really big. We didn't hear any noise from other guests at night.About a week before our visit, we received an e-mail offering dinner @ £19.95 per person, plus free bottle of wine, which we accepted for one of the evenings. The meal was very good. The restaurant was very quiet though, as presumably people were out at shows or had the huge choice of restaurants in London. Breakfast was large buffet, and you could fill up. Again, restaurant was spotless.Location wasn't the most central, but was close to the Jubilee underground line, which meant we could get anywhere with a little planning. On arrival to the hotel, we were given a sheet with weather forecast and planned works to the underground for our 3 days. Some underground lines are affected by work on weekends, the Jubilee line being closed on the Sunday. Because we had advance warning, we knew to walk over Tower Bridge on that day, to use another line at Tower Hill.There are plenty of restaurants and decent looking pubs in the immediate area, with a small food Marks and Spencers next door.Would definitely recommend the hotel and will visit again, especially if Hilton have another cheap offer!	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous Birthday Treat	We booked two nights at this hotel as we were going to see The Jersey Boys for my 60th birthday. We did pay for a deluxe room but were given a really special room, very spacious with a really comfortable bed. A waiter brought some strawberries with dips as a treat. The food in the hotel was excellent, the breakfast bacon in particular was really good. Staff all so friendly and helpful. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there and would really rommend it.	
Oct 6 2009 	The best hotel staff	We stayed here two weekends during our three week trip to the UK. The entire staff is consistently helpful, smiling, pleasant, polite and kind... from the concierge to the waitstaff, reception and cleaners. The hotel is spotless. We noticed one employee cleaning the walls in the halls for hours. The first weekend we had the normal size room but the last weekend we were given an upgrade to a larger room. Nice.They do have a tea/coffee tray with biscuits but you must look in the cabinet. They also have complimentary (yes, free) bottled water.We opted for the three course special meal which included 1/2 bottle of wine per person. Both times we ate in the restaurant we were very pleased. The food was quite good and the staff very accommodating. We recommend trying it.The location is by the Tower Bridge. Please note that neither room we stayed in had views but we were not expecting one. Quiet location (the halls were quiet as well).If you choose not to eat all or any of your meals at the hotel there are a number of bagel/sandwich places right next to the hotel as well as a many restaurants a few steps away that have a spectacular view of Tower Bridge.The a/c was fantastic as it would have been way too warm without it. If you like a cool room in this area of London this is the place to stay as many of the other hotels do not have a/c.We will definitely be returning.Please note there are a few minor things that we think should be adjusted..the phone charges are exorbitant even for local calls. The cost of wifi in your room will run you 15 pounds per day which is nearly $25 US. The towels are a bit rough although a nice size. These are things the management can easily remedy. While those on business can charge this all to their company Joe and Joanne Tourist might find they won't be using the room phone or laptop while at the Hilton.The shower is in the bathtub and let this be a warning to older travelers...it is a bit awkward getting out of the tub as the sides come up pretty high.	
Oct 2 2009 	Free upgrade even on a Priceline rate!	I booked the hotel via Priceline's name your price scheme. On arrival I was directed to the 9th Floor and told I was to be upgraded to the Executive Lounge.Excellent Hilton service as expected and obviously the upgrade just complimented that with access to its own rooftop bar.Particularily useful was the express check out on the 9th floor and personal 121 service which usually would have cost over £200 a night.	
Sep 29 2009 	100% Satisfied	We took advantage of the Hilton's extended summer deal - 2 nights for the price of 1 and 50% off the third night for bed and breakfast. On arrival we were bowled over by the friendliness and helpfulness of the receptionist and to our surprise received an upgrade. Everything about this hotel pleased us. The room was gorgeous, breakfast delicious with a wide range of cooked or cold food to suit everyone and once again the staff in the dining room were exceptionally cheerful and polite. The location - only 100 metres from London Bridge underground and the river couldn't have been better. We were there purely to do the tourist trail and walked for miles until our feet were sore but having this hotel to come back to and rest up just made our day! We slept like logs in one of the comfiest beds we have had in a hotel. We definitely intend to return as soon as we can.	
Sep 28 2009 	A great hotel	Booked in for one night as we were visiting the Shakespeare Globe theatre (twenty minute stroll along the river) Not much to add over and above the other reviews. Check-in was swift and efficient, Room spoltlessly clean and well equipped. It is worth paying extra and booking the Executive Rooms (9th Floor) Bathrooms are larger with walk-in shower as well as bath tub. One also has access to Exec Lounge for very good continental breakfast and canapes and drinks in the evening. There is also a small terrrace which is great if the weather is good. Enjoy - we did !	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Location gret weekend.	My partner and I stayed in the Hilton Tower Bridge for a long weekend in April. The room was booked through an Internet sight and therefore we got it alot cheaper than the Hilton prices. The hotel was really easy to find and in a great location, 50 yds from the Thames and Tower Bridge and 300 yds from the Nearest tube station, which served the Northern and Jubilee lines.The rooms were typical Hilton, with a good size bed and bath room. The hotel was clean and the staff very helpful. The breakfast buffet had plenty to offer and the lobby of the hotel offered a great place to relax and enjoy a drink.Cash machine right outside the front door, along with plenty of bars ad restaurants.All in all a great modern hotel in a great location,	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice Place	Good location close to London Bridge station. Hotel is quite new and has a contemporary feel about it. Rooms are somewhat minimalistic in feel but are spotless - if also a little soul less. Have stayed there a few times now, staff are as you'd expect for somewhere like this - polite and courteous (and very corporate). No complaints and one of my preferred choices for my weekly visits to London	
Sep 14 2009 	nice	Visited in july at a 2 for 1 price. At that price it is very good. Didn´t use the restaurant, but the breakfast vas okay. Seen better at other Hilton hotels, though.Very close to Tower and 100 m from the railroad/tupe.Only complaint was that our bathroom door couldn´t close ?	
Sep 13 2009 	The Place to Stay in London	If you are planning to visit London you should definitely consider staying at the Hilton London Tower Bridge.Once inside you enter an ultra modern hotel where the staff are extremely friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them. The reception staff are very efficient and so are the staff working in the Larder Restaurant, where guests enjoy a great choice of food for breakfast.Our bedroom was state of the art, with a plasma screen TV, very comfortable furnishings and excellent storage space, which is sometimes lacking in city hotels. There is also a good size bathroom with luxury toiletries. It was more like a 'show home' than a hotel bedroom.The hotel is in a good location and only a few minutes walk from London Bridge Underground/ Train Stations. However, if like us you prefer to walk you can easily get to all the sights. Why not take a leisurely stroll along the Thames Path, passing the Globe Theatre, Tate Modern, London Eye before reaching the House of Parliament and Big Ben, which greet you from across the river.My wife and I would definitely stay the this hotel again and look forward to returning in the near future.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel and good location!	My husband and I recently stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge and enjoyed our stay very much. We were pleased with the rooms-they were clean and large for European standards. The staff were friendly and assisted with maps, where to get onto the Tube, etc. We did travel using our Hilton Honor points-but had to pay for 2 nights of our stay. For our standards the hotel was very pricey but we felt very safe and very much at home. Since we used our Hilton points we were upgraded to the Executive Lounge-here, we had free breakfast (fantastic), free use of computers and free internet and free drinks and snacks at night. The Lounge was very accomodating to us and brought us different liquor that we requested....mind you, these drinks were free in the evening and they still rushed to bring our favorite liquor. We felt the location was good--we were 1/2 block from the Tube (WHEN IT WAS RUNNING). During the weekends the Tube that is 1/2 block from the hotel was not running. Apparently, this is normal and they shut it down during certain times. We were able to catch the other Tube line once crossed the Tower Bridge. This walk only took about 10 minutes.The only disappointment we had was that there was no pool or hot tub on the premises.We would definately stay there again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Outstanding Service and Hotel	Knowing that I was going to use London as a connecting point for my trip ot Jordan, I decided to revisit one of the great cities on this great planet on my way home. I got a deal that was too good to pass up at this hotel, and the upgrade to the Executive floor upon my check in made it even nicer.I have no complaints about this hotel whatsoever and would recommend it to anybody that wants to use it as a sightseeing destination, as well as a place that is quiet. The staff are friendly, the concierge was helpful (I knew enough already though about the city), and the food (breakfast was all I had) was good. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was nice, and there was plenty of space. The lobby lounge and bar was nice as well. It was everything I have come to expect from a Hilton hotel.From Heathrow, it is about an hour via Heathrow Express / Bakerloo Line / Jubilee Line to the front door of the hotel. It is about a 3 minute walk from the Northern / Jubilee Lines at the Tower Bridge Underground stop. There are good restaurants nearby (a great Argentinan restaurant), the Tower of London and the Tower Bridge are about a 5 minute walk, tops. You can walk down the River Thames from the hotel and get to Parliment / Big Ben in about 20 minutes and walk down a beautiful panoramic of the city. It is a marked trail as well. Basically, it is nicely located. I am sure there are more convienent hotels, but the prices are a lot higher - this is very well priced.	
Sep 4 2009 	A Great Hotel; Don't Plan To Ever Stay Anywhere Else in London	I've stayed here a half a dozen times in the last two years and I don't care to stay anywhere else when I have to be in the financial district. The hotel is very new, sleek, bold and comfortable from the huge lobby to the rooms, which are very comfortable. The rooms come in a few different shapes and sizes with varying degrees of natural light given that the size of the windows isn't uniform in all rooms. I stayed in a room which had no more than a view of another building; in a room with a small window but which had a great view; and a particularly large room (it seemed to sit where the hotel angles in the middle) with a much bigger window but just a so-so view. Ignoring the view, the rooms were the same - very modern with almost minimal furnishings, but extremely comfortable and inviting. There are always two fresh apples stocked in the room. The desk chair is really comfortable and the tv swivels so you can watch it while working at the desk. The bathroom (see picture) is very mod but functional (if not a little small). But there's room for a tub and a separate shower. I have more often gotten an executive room, which gives access to the executive lounge, and this is one of the highlights of the hotel. It is a very large, bright room with tables, chairs and couches (see picture). Breakfast is served every morning - mostly cold continental fare, but scrambled eggs, bacon and sausage are also offered. Snacks and drinks are available all day long, and light food is served in the evening. It's a great place to work and relax as an alternative to the room or the lobby (which is also very nice and comfortable but also much busier.) There is an open air patio on the same floor as the exeutive lounge which is great when the weather outside is nice. The cost for the executive lounge is about GBP 30, but well worth it. There is a charge for wireless internet which is very steep, but HH members get it free. I once had to use the business center's computers and buy time by the minute. That cost was pretty high. That said, the business center is large, comfortable and really nice. I've eaten once in the hotel restaurant and it was good. There are a number of restaurants within an easy walk of the hotel (Italian; Thai; steak) and there's also a Marks &amp; Spencer food store right next door. The hotel is almost directly between the London Bridge and the Tower Bridge, and it's a really easy walk into the City. Most of my interaction has been with the staff in the executive lounge, and they've always been professional and helpful. I used to stay at the Grange City Hotel (which I never got around to reviewing) and although it's nice, it has nothing on the Hilton Tower Bridge from the standpoint of the executive lounge and the service. If my work is in the City, I don't plan to stay anywhere else and will always come back here. I can't recommend the hotel highly enough.	
Sep 2 2009 	Perfect	I booked this hotel as part of a weekend away for my girlfriend's Birthday.The fact she didn't know where we were staying made the suprise all the more exciting. I had been looking forward to our stay the this hotel immensley after reading other positive reviews and I can only echo those comments.This truly is a gem in the Hilton family and follows on from other 'new' hiltons with fantastic decor and ammenities.The hotel is only a minutes walk from London Bridge station and located in a safe, quiet and over all attractive part of London. Tower Bridge is literally on your door step. The attentative reception team checked us in with no fuss whilst we found our room easily. The room's are of large size for London and come with a fantastic Air Con system, Sattelite TV, Mini Bar and wonderful bathroom. Everything you would expect from a Hilton.Breakfast was quick and easy and despite the large amount of guests staying in the hotel we were seated and served quickly. We had come to go out on the saturday night but after a day sightseeing, we decided to stay in our pleasent room for the night.A fantastic stay over all and I can't wait to return.	
Aug 31 2009 	Perfect	the hotel is absolutely perfect: we have found a deal at 50% and for the price paid, the hotel is wonderful, esplecially for the London standards. The hotel is really beautiful and high standard.we arrived at 7.30 in the morning and they did their best to accomodate us, even if the check in was at 3 pm.the rooms are big, new... luxury.the location is perfect, the London Bridge tube station is very near, and if you are travelling from gatwick, you can use the train (cheap... just 6 pounds) and in 30 minutes you'll arrive in the London Bridge station. Probably it's far from some of the London actraction, i.e. picadilly &amp; oxford street, but the Tower bridge location in my opinion is very nice.I'll came back again if... I'll go to London in the next future!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Fantastic	Stayed here for just 1 night....half price through the hilton website. Cant fault it. Clean, trendy, location is good. Free half bottle of red wine in room!! Breakfast was fab. Great place to stay. Will stay again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Hilton Experience	We stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge for 2 nights with 2 interconnecting rooms. The hotel is in a very safe part of town, with an abundance of excellent dining options available on the riverfront just a few minutes walk away from the hotel. There is also a bunch of nice cafes right next door, along with a Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food outlet. Despite the nice location, it was not particularly convenient if you are going to be spending most of your time at the big tourist locations - the nearest tube station is a 5 minute walk away (London Bridge) but this has limited access to lines and to get to Oxford Street/Regent Street etc. you'll have to change trains.Check-in was a breeze - the small size of the hotel means lines at the reception are a minimum. The hotel is extremely clean and modern with a wonderful decor. The rooms are truly stunning - much better than the 5 star Hyatt Regency rooms at the London Churchill hotel. The bathroom was truly wonderful with gorgeous marble and a powerful and easy to use shower. The TV was a nice flat-screen, but was disappointingly very small. The internet was a rip-off at £15GBP per day - and was very slow as well. The beds were very comfortable with ample pillows. The interior hallways are dark and stylish with deep maple woods and sleek silver. It's a really nice decor they have.We had breakfast included in our rate and it was absolutely fantastic - a huge choice and there was even made-to-order omelets/pancakes/french toast available. The staff at breakfast were wonderful and very attentive, frequently bringing coffee refills. There is a range of fruit juices available, and a toast station with delicious fresh breads. There is also cold meats and fresh fruit, along with hot choices such as bacon, eggs, sausages, mushrooms, tomato, hash browns, etc. The quality was excellent for a buffet. We went down for breakfast at around 8.45am each morning and there were no crowds or lines at all and the restaurant is very large. Another big bonus of the small size of the hotel.To conclude, this a fabulous hotel with a beautiful modern decor and wonderfully fresh rooms. The location offers lots of handy amenities such as dining and grocery options, but may be a bit of a pain if the majority of your trip will be spent at the main tourist areas, which are not particularly easy to reach from here.	
Aug 26 2009 	Modern hotel - perfectly located	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night for the purpose of business meetings. The hotel is ideally located right across the street from London Bridge Station. Internal decor is ultra modern - lots of clean lines and minimalist features - which I am a fan of. Rooms are bright, well equipped and very clean. Large double bed, desk, small table &amp; chairs, and above average sized flat screen Plasma; as well as a fully loaded mini-bar which is priced competitively. Excellent bar on the ground floor of the hotel which serves great cocktails - only downside is that breakfast costs in excess of £20!!! Bit OTT even by my standards.	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent	We stayed at this hotel last year and enjoyed it so much we didn't bother looking at any other hotel for our trip this year and we weren't disappointed. In fact it was better than we had expected. The hotel itself and the location are excellent, but add in the friendly and helpful staff and it becomes wonderful.As it was my wife's birthday during our stay we were given an upgrade, which made our stay even more enjoyable. The executive rooms are very comfortable, well kept and well appointed as are the standard rooms (we were in a standard room last year). Having the use of the executive lounge was excellent , an added bonus, along with the views from the roof terrace. Breakfast and the choices available can not be faulted. Even when the restaurant was full we were comfortably seated and offered fruit juices while we waited for a table, not that we had to wait long.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and we are already looking forward to our next stay!	
Aug 25 2009 	My new favourite hotel in London!	We stayed in this hotel twice during Aug 09. The first time we were upgraded to a delux room which basically meant that our room was much larger and that we had 2 complimentary bottles of small water and a small bottle of wine in the room when we first arrived. During our second stay we had a standard room which was basically the same but smaller.I really liked the hotel, the rooms were some of the nicest i've come across in London and the staff were so friendly. The hotel is a few minutes walk from London Bridge tube and was surrounded by bars and cafes - Marks and Spencer, Pret, The Bagel Shop etc. Borough Market was a 2 minute walk and London attractions such as the southbank and the London dungeon were within easy reach. I had to catch an early morning flight to Gatwick and was able to catch a direct train from London Bridge train station which made my life a lot easier!My ONLY complaint was that the second time we stayed, the room seemed slightly worn and could have been a little bit cleaner. Oh and the TV was really quite small.I will definitely be staying in this hotel in the future!!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	BRILLIANT HOTEL	This was a FANTASTIC hotel. It is really modern and very well located. It is literally 3 minutes walk from HMS Belfast and 5 minutes walk from Tower Bridge. When we booked the hotel we had stated that it was our wedding anniversary and we were upgraded to an executive room. This was fabulous as it meant we had full use of the executive lounge which served all alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks and eats, e.g. chicken skewers and pizza, from 6.00 - 9.00 each night. This was free!!! This lounge also gave free internet access and newspapers and magazines. The staff also left us a BIG piece of chocolate brownie and a card in our room for our wedding anniversary, which was a nice touch.The breakfast at this hotel was fantastic. There are signs up saying that between 9.00 and 11.00 it may be difficult to seat everyone and that there may be a wait for a table, but we were down between 9.30 and 10.00 both mornings and were seated immediately. The reception staff and the concierage were all very helpful.The hotel itself was about 3 minutes walk from London Bridge Tube Station and just across the Thames from the Tower of London. Outside the hotel was a few coffee shops, a bagel shop and a Marks and Spencers food shop. There is a lovely walk along the Thames with lots of lovely restaurants and pubs where you can eat for a very reasonable price. We ate outside on the Sunday at a little place called Cote where the service was good, the food great and the view breathtaking. We sat outside, overlooking the Thames with HMS Belfast and Tower Bridge on one side and London Bridge on the other.If I returned to London this would DEFINITELY be the hotel I would choose. The location is great, rooms modern and comfortable and the helpfulness of the staff was great. I would highly recommend this hotel. 10/10	
Aug 22 2009 	A Wonderful Hotel and a Comparitive Bargain	I have nothing but good things to say about my stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge Hotel. The rooms and service were excellent. The breakfast had the widest assortment of options I have found in Europe so far. It generally is one of the lowest-priced 4-star properties in London, probably due to the perception that it is not centrally located, but there is a tube station just down the block and you can be in the West End in about 10 minutes. I will definately make this my home base for any upcoming trips to London.	
Aug 18 2009 	This is an excellent hotel	It's hard to fault this hotel. It's in an absolutely beautiful part of London and is right on the doorstep of so many things to see. The staff at reception were super friendly and helpful and the room was flawless. The only criticism I have is that when we arrived there were no staff at all in the lobby to help with bags. If you've never explored this area of London then a visit to Borough Market is a must. Go hungry because the food is excellent and there are so many stalls selling so many delicious things that we wanted to have them all. It's a vibrant food market and also has some upmarket restaurants so you will be spoilt for choice. Keep walking along the river heading West and you'll find Shakespear's Globe Theatre, a bit further and you'll get great views of St Pauls Cathedral and the millenium bridge, keep going and you'll eventually come to the Houses of Parliament and the Millenium Wheel - a great little walking tour. Also Tower Bridge is right outside the hotel. There are so many restaurants and cafes to choose from near the hotel. This is a fantastic area to explore and we were so happy we chose this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	This Hilton is the best great view aswell.	I loved my stay at the Hilton as soon as i arrived i was shocked by the way the service was and by the way the bar lounge was.i had a great sleep in the soft and relaxing beds i had a great breakfast loads to choose from.I did not realize that i was so close to tower bridge.I had a lovely dinner that was nice and big. I went out in the evening to see We Will Rock You and then came back to the Hilton to have a drink in the bar. After my stay i felt proud that i stayed in the Hilton.	
Aug 17 2009 	modern hotel	stayed 2 nights in standard room.small but adequate room with all normal comfort.modern design in new area near tower bridge.nice area with plenty of dining options nearby.breakfast ok.service friendly.suitable for leisrue trip.had a good rate with early booking. prices vary.would stay again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Convenient elegant and friendly	Stylish hotel with all the extras you would associate with a hotel of this standard, convenient for buses tubes and the river. Best of all the staff are the most genuinely friendly and interested I have experienced, well done Hilton, great recruitment and training, your staff are a credit to this lovely hotelRichard and Jane	
Aug 15 2009 	2nd Visit and still Fantastic!!!!	Well what can I say. A nice August day and we decided to book at the Hilton Tower Bridge for the 2nd time. The first being New years eve and New years day for my birthday and our Wedding Anniversary. Well it is still as new as then. My husband is a wheelchair user so a bathroom with accessible means was what was first on our agenda. Once again the Accessible Executive room was just what we wanted and thats exactly what we got.. Handrails seat and all for the disbaled user..With the Executive room you have full access to the Executive foyer with afternoon tea/cakes and friendly faces from the staff all whom are very very helpful. A full help yourself Bar from 6pm til 9pm (yes really !!!!)We had a fantastic meal in the restaurant and I had to tell the Chef how I have never tasted Lamb like it.. Delicious.Well I know that if Saturday was available we would have booked for 2 nights unfortunately when we got through on the main booking number it wasnt to be.We both know that Hilton Topwer Bridge you will be seeing us again real soon.	
Aug 13 2009 	Could not fault it	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel to celebrate my Birthday and I have to say that a combination of excellent staff and service made the weekend a memorable one. From the moment we entered the Hotel, the staff could not do enough for us; from looking after our bags whilst we went to a matinee performance at the Theatre through allowing us to Check In at the Executive Lounge to leaving a Card in our room they were absolutely top notch.The decor of the room is very modern and the bathroom well appointed with both a shower and a bath. Although the rooms do not offer a direct view of Tower Bridge, a short step outside provides that iconic view. There is a plethora of excellent restaurants and bars nearby and the weekend we were there we saw so entertainment outside the nearby City Hall.A combination of the attentive staff and excellent location has made this my favourite Hilton in London.	
Aug 9 2009 	Brilliant service rooms and food 10 out of 10	Myself and my young son stayed here recently. The location was excellent. It was right on London Bridge next to London City Pier where we hopped on and off the Thames Clippers all day. The hotel staff could'nt do enough for us, they were courteous, helpful and polite. Our room was spotless and very well appointed. The Hilton breakfast was lovely and kept us going all day. All in all a very pleasant experience. Highly recommended.	
Aug 6 2009 	Fantastic value hotel in great area!	The area where the hotel is one of my favourites in London and it is conveniently situated close to the Tube. There are loads of restaurants, pubs and bars to choose nearby. It offers excellent value for money and the rooms are very quiet and comfy. Loved it!	
Aug 3 2009 	THE place to stay in London!	I had anticipated a great stay when I read some of the reviews here in TA - but I didn't expect such a terrific experience. Staff was wonderful, very accommodating. Lovely updated room and public areas. Clean beyond belief! Location was perfect as I only had one day in London - lots of choices for dining and drinking and just a short walk to the Borough Market (a must visit). One downside - no valet parking and so it was a bit inconvenient - but all in all I will most certainly stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great location 	Great value for money, especially compared to other London hotels. One of the better hotels in the Hilton chain, defintely recommend.Handy to underground or short cab ride to city and most London attractions	
Jul 28 2009 	Excellent well located hotel	I'm a female business woman from Dublin and got a really good deal with a US based website for a one night stay in this hotel, and I was unfamilar with the area and the hotel. It's located in a quirky historic area, with some restaurants, bars and cafes &amp; tube access nearby, while the hotel itself is located in a modern plaza and was reasonably quiet at night. The rooms were really nice, the best I've stayed in for the price I paid and because of it's modernity, larger and nicer than usual and spotlessly clean. Beds also v. comfortable. Arrived late and asked for soup from the room service menu which they apparently forgot about, and when I rang down to remind them, I did eventually get it with an apology and it wasn't added to the bill and the faux pas was very graciously handled. It was delicious, by the way! Very friendly reception staff on at night, slightly more formal in the morning.I would definitely recommend this hotel for either a business traveller or leisure travel as it punches above it's star rating, in my view. For anyone with small children, my room had a large window right down to floor level, so you might want to check if it can be easily opened or pushed out by little hands, it's probably quite safe, I can't quite recall how it was latched, but just a small tip.	
Jul 28 2009 	Quiet good sized rooms excellent stay	The hotel was well placed, very near London bridge tube station, yet very modern, stylish, clean, and quiet. Staff were very friendly and efficient. We checked in before time and as our room was ready were allowed straight up. We didn't have breakfast as the hotel is next to an M&amp;S foodstore and also near Hays Gallery so we were able to get breakfast much cheaper elsewhere. Would return again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel and excellent breakfast	In a word, it was great.BTW - take a Google map. My cabbie got lost. Tooley street is easy to find, but 5 More London Place isn't a street, it's a pedestrian walkway.I reserved a month in advance but I called the week before my trip and asked for a room with a good view like the river - and early check-in by noon if possible (instead of the usual 3PM). The hotel's very friendly lady said a view of river is now obstructed by construction, so recommended a street view - I agreed, but she added that there is no guarantee about early check-in but she put a note on my file.I arrived at 10:30 AM on Wed July 22 and my room was ready - very pleasantly surprised.I saw on Tripadvisor that others got free upgrades, so I asked when I checked in. She said the hotel was pretty full but she would check and let me know. I went the my room = 722. Very nice and clean double (1 queen bed) with nice view of front of hotel on to Tooley street. The front desk called in 5 mins and said they might have a bigger room at 2:00 PM but the charge would be 40 pounds extra per night - I said no thanks.Nice touch is that your name shows on the TV with a moving fish tank setting - very calming. Then you can change to normal TV with remote.Room is small by North American, but big by UK standards - see pics. Very clean. Very very quiet, even with street view. Small window opens, then you can hear the noises. AC worked good, got temp down to 69 F. At end of day 1 ran out of tissues and wanted more towels. I called down and they were up to the room in 5 mins. Also coffee &amp; kettle and stuff in the cabinet under the TVBreakfast buffet is best in a long time - went all 3 days. I reserved room with breakfast for extra 10 pounds per day - worth it. I don't know what some of the other reviewers were expecting, but all was very good. I had scam eggs, smoked salmon, grilled tomatoes, mushrooms, toast, OJ and coffee as well as fresh fruit. Excellent service too. For a light sandwich, fruit etc there is a Pret a Manger down the street 2 blocks, and 2 other other places closer plus a Marks and Spencer market open 'til 10 PM right across More London Place. Only strange thing is the shower. A little tricky to get the water to go to shower reather tan tub, and beware that housekeeping usually puts the temp on HOT when they finish so you need to adjust cooler before you put the shower on. Also the bathroom mirror is wall to wall and the tub is a little high, so you can see yourself in full as you shower. A little weird. London Bridge tube and other sites very close. I used the Thames Clipper to sightseeing and then to go to Canary Wharf for meetings. Very convenient and much more comfortable than the tube - much less than cab. http://www.thamesclippers.com/All staff are young and from foreign countries, some German, Irish, Canadian etc, but all very helpful and friendly. All in all, a great hotel. I would definitely go back next time.	
Jul 23 2009 	So glad to have found this place	Found thanks once again to Trip Advisor... Picked this place for its handy proximity to London Bridge and the lovely Shad Thames and Southbank areas along the river for a long weekend in London. First time staying this side of the river, we usually stay West End for convenience, but loved the location of this place. We had just missed out on the special rates offered on the hotels website (£149) so spoke with the Hiltons mainline booking number and found out about their promotional 2 night special rate including breakfast which was perfect for as we were staying on Saturday &amp; Sunday night. Wonderful welcome on reception, allocated excellent room facing riverside (could just spot HMS Belfast past the Ernst &amp; Young building) on the 7th floor. Very comfortable, fresh, well lit and functional room with a spacious bathroom with nice toiletries &amp; good constant shower, both temperature and water pressure. Really very impressed. Popped up to visit the rooftop bar/executive lounge area but preferred to be out and about by the river. It’s literally moments from the Thames and its endless exciting restaurant and bar options to both left and right. We were meeting friends in north London in the evening so found it very easy to just walk up towards London Eye and cross the bridge to Charing Cross were there are plenty of taxi’s, but the tube station is only down the road too. We skipped breakfast in favour of saving our appetite for lunch on Sunday and again it was so exciting to be on the river on a bright Sunday morning for wandering museums and strolling (had lunch at Chop House, Shad Thames: very good). We had tickets for a show Sunday night at the Festival Hall so again it was great to be able to walk to the venue. We had drinks in the bar on both nights and quality of drinks were good (both cocktails &amp; wine) with friendly table service. Monday morning came round too soon but partner had convenience of being able to walk to work instead of the usual long commute, and I could take my time because of the very sensible check out time of 12pm. Excellent. Look forward to returning and trying the breakfast and perhaps dinner too.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location Great Hotel	The Location is superb!! The Service is outstanding ( Service at breakfast :)).We came with the kids who enjoyed their stay very much. I will advise to people who travel to London to go to the Hilton Tower bridge because the Location is very good!!!	
Jul 22 2009 	Excellent hotel	This was not our first choice but in the end it was our best decisionThe hotel located in a beautiful area near the Thames ,large room ,Morning buffet is one of the varied and tasteful we had in our trips .The stuff is great and helpful ,Just has you are expected from the &quot; Hilton&quot;.	
Jul 18 2009 	great hotel for business travelers	If you visit the city of London the hotel is in a great location modern and very friendly staff.Next time when a travel with my family I will book the Hilton as it is in a fantastic location as well to all the tourist attraction.	
Jul 17 2009 	Moderncleangood location and friendly staff	Exactly what I expect of a 5* hotel, except it hasnt got a swimming pool.It is right opposite HMS Belfast, and that is worth going round (children under 16 go in free).Around the hotel it is quite clean and very modern.We did not eat in the hotel as we were only there for the night so we wanted to go out, but im sure it was very nice.The staff were very helpful, and the rooms very comfortable, clean and modern, with freeview tv on a plasma, and nice bathroom. Obviously the mini-bar is a fortune, but there are tea/coffee/hot chocolate making facilites,safe,ironing board and all the usual amenities, as well as 2 bottles of water,2 packets of biscuits,apples and a small bottle of red wine in the room for no charge. If you are planning on going round london to see the sites, unless you prefer to use the tube i reccomend you go on the thames clipper, which is a boat which you can get to most places on. The london eye is a good place,the tower of london, HMS Belfast, the 02 Arena,thames barrier,aquarium,museums(most of which are free e.g. british museum).Lots of places to see	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Nice	Very nice hotel, still has a new feel to it. Staff are nice and helpful. Probably suited better to the business client than the holiday maker. Still, they have a VIP area upstairs which is a nice touch. The rooms are a good size. The lobby and bar are all one and are a very nice place to sit and have a few drinks after a busy day.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Have just stayed here for the 4th time. This hotel is absolutely fantastic in every way. All the staff are really courteous and efficient. This time we were upgraded to an executive room on 12th floor but have stayed in standard rooms also. All the rooms are a good size, very clean. The location is great with lots of restaurants and pubs nearby. Borough market 5 mins away. Ok it is not right near the London Eye etc but all you have to do is walk along the embankment which is really interesting. Cannot say enough about this hotel. The hotel often offers special deals like the one we had this time 2 for 2 bed and breakfast. By the way the breakfast is sooooo good and the dinner in the restaurant was to die for. Have stayed in many hotels in London, this is the best so far.	
Jul 13 2009 	Better then average for a Hilton	Good location, reception on the cold side, hotel looks new, nice bar. Got an upgrade and a top floor room. The hotel has a club which provides free drinks etc in the evening for one hour. Nice touch.	
Jul 11 2009 	Once again Hilton Gives excellent service and comfort	Stayed at the Hilton Tower bridge for one night early July. My husband and I just wanted a short break in London. As usual the Hilton came up to all expectations. Service was excellent especially Kerrie and all the staff in the executive lounge. The room was modern and very comfortable and clean. The hotel is ideally placed to visit most of London and is right near the Thames. There are plenty of restaurant and bars nearby. Havn't stayed in this area before but was pleasantly surprised with how nice it was and the area had a really good atmosphere. Thanks Hilton for a great break.	
Jul 11 2009 	Loved the Hilton	We stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge for 2 nights during our recent stay in London. Unfortunately the Jubilee line was closed due to construction so we did not have any use of the close by underground station. But it is very near the hotels location as well as the buses that we used, and provides direct access to central London.The rooms are very nice, both in design and amenities. We had a 26' flatscreen tv, great bathroom with a tub, minibar, comfy bed and it's also quite large. One weird thing though is that there's no Wifi internet, just wired, and it's about £15/day.Staff was very nice in general, the concierge provided us with a travel adapter and gave us excellent advise aswell as a free map of London. Hilton also had one of the better hotel breakfasts we've so far experienced. We visited the bar once, and even though a bit expensive, very nice in terms of design and service.The surroundings are great, you can walk along the water to sights like Tate Modern, and London eye. We also visited the nearby Imperial War Museum which has free admittance.In my opinion this was so close to five star that i'd like to give them that. Great hotel experience!	
Jul 11 2009 	Funky and modern hotel right on the South Bank	We stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge for two nights over Wimbledon finals weekend. The hotel was a short walk away from London Bridge Tube station and checking in was quick and efficient. We had booked a double room and it was really lovely, modern furnishings and a larger than usual bathroom. The hotel was right on the South Bank and close to all the major attractions in that area. Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, The Tate, London Dungeon and the Globe Theatre were all just a short walk away.We didn't eat in the restaurant whilst we were there as we prefer to venture out but we did use the bar, staff were friendly but the prices were typical of hotel bars!!! If you are staying here and fancy a very nice meal then book Gauch Tower Bridge which is a 2 minute walk away - it has fantastic views over the Thames!The hotel is right next to an M&amp;S food and a few Cafes which is really handy for grabbing snacks and breakfast!	
Jul 8 2009 	It was a pleasure to stay here!	My daughter and I stayed here on May 28th for 1 night.We had a concert that evening at the 02 Arena a few tube stops away.On checking in, I was most alarmed to find no transaction of my prepaid hotel booking I made back in January, as part of their January sale. I booked direct with the Hotel.I called my bank for proof of payment, to find it hadnt been taken out at the time, even though it clearly stated on my email at the time.We were due to fly out on Holiday from Heathrow the next day so I only had mostly Turkish Lira with me and was most distressed that I couldn't pay for our room.The Manager was called, and I have to say, dealt with us with courtesy and fairness.He explained there had been a &quot;glitch in the system&quot; at the time of booking, hence why the payment hadn't been taken.He saw our predicament and graciously offered us the same (deluxe twin room) for only £50!I was close to tears at that point and welcomed his generous offer.I was really very impressed with both him, and the rest of the staff we encountered.That's what I call customer service!The room was fantastic....very clean with all amenities you need.I think I had the best night's sleep in any hotel I've ever stayed in, thanks to the generous sized single bed which was so soft and comfortable.The bathroom was spotless and we loved the Crabtree &amp; Evelyn &quot;Le Source&quot; complimentary toiletries!You were also given a Hilton robe/slippers.I had asked via email to have a high room and we were granted an 8th floor room!Breakfast the next day was simply wonderful.A full English cooked breakfast area and omelette and pancakes freshly made to order...a cereal station with all manner of cereals...a toasting area with all kinds of fresh bread/baguettes.There was a good selection of Continental Breakfast items for our European friends(certainly not my cup of tea first thing in the morning!) Plenty of fresh mixed fruit and fruit juices and tea/coffee.There were plenty of staff around at breakfast and cleared the tables quickly and without fuss.The Reception staff were very courteous and asked us if we had enjoyed our concert the night before...a nice touch I thought.Check out was quick and simple...you fill in a card in your room with the key and pop it in a box in Reception as you leave!As for the area...it has clearly been regenerated recently and has become a hub of activity.Right next door , in a very modern area, are cafe's (Pret et Manger, Nero's, Bagel cafe) and a Marks and Spencer food store alongside a bar with indoor and outdoor seating.It only took us 4 minutes (with suitcases) to walk from the Tower Bridge Tube Station.It is literally a straight walk from the Tube to the Hilton..couldn't be easier.You only have to walk a few steps to be able to see the Tower Bridge.We travelled the next day from the Hotel to Heathrow which took 1 hour and 5 mins, including walking time , right through to Terminal 3.It cost £4 for the entire journey. (each adult) You take the Jubilee line to to Green Park (from Tower Bridge) then change there to take the Piccadilly line straight through to Heathrow Terminals...completely painless and so much cheaper than the Heathrow Express!To sum up, I had a lovely stay here at this Hilton would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 8 2009 	Stay Away!!! Scam!!! Rip-Off!!!	When I booked Hilton London Tower Bridge hotel for over $300 per night, I thought I am getting one of the best hotels in London. We came there at 10AM after very early train ride from Paris, very tired and asked if they be so kind to let us check in early, so we can take a shower and get some rest. They said “your room is not ready and the earliest you can check in is 3PM”. We left our luggage and went to the city without rest, shower etc… This hotel is the worst 4 star hotel I ever stayed at. Whatever good you read about location and hotel is not true. In Paris we stayed at Scribe and it was night and day comparing to this Hilton London Tower Bridge horse yard. Waste of money! Smallest room! Worst room service menu I ever seen! I asked for king size bed and I got 2 twin size beds assembled together. Mattress was so old; it felt like I am sleeping on piece of wood. Room was not clean. Mirror in the bathroom was splashed with something white stuff. Pens in the room had someone’s teeth marks, view was on the backyard looking over people working in the office, I heard someone drilling (constructions) during the day (4-7PM) while trying to sleep (I did not look for the rest, it was enough). Location is really bad; it’s located far away from big Ben, London eye and the rest of the most famous attractions. Traffic is so bad that it will cost you around 30-40 Pounds one way just to get to big Ben area In Taxi and you will waste even more time in the metro and the rest of public transportation. Stay away from this place!!!! Rip-off!!! Shame on Hilton!!!!	
Jul 7 2009 	Not a bad word to say	I booked this hotel for a romantic break away to mark a special anniversary, for myself and my partner. On arrival my boyfriend couldn't quite believe that this was our hotel and said &quot;this is most definately the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in&quot;. The excellent location, which took only 20 mins from Euston station by tube, was across from the Tower of London, 5 mins walk from Tower Bridge and the London Dungeon and within easy walking distance of the Tate Modern. Romantic evening walks along the south bank topped this break as one of the best in a city. Our room was very compfortable and modern and the breakfasts were fantastic. I would highly recomend this hotel to anyone looking for a first class experience in the capital.	
Jul 4 2009 	Superb	This hotel is just great! At first look it may cater to business-like individuals but don't let that fool you. The location is great for those who wish to have only a few days to stay in London.This hotel is in the Southwark area of London and within walking distance from Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, Hays Galleria, Borough Market, Tate Modern, Shakespeare Globe, Tower of London, The Monument and the river pier. The river pier can take you to Greenwich (East London) and Wesminster area in a jiffy. Of course if you prefer a faster route, the hotel is near the tube station London Bridge.As for the hotel itself, I have nothing to say but it truly lives up to its HILTON standard. Keep up the good work!	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent hotel and staff	This is one of the best hiltons and most friendly staff - you will not beat it in London. I am a diamond member and it is well worth staying on the executive floor - the food and drinks are excellent as well as the terrace. No other hilton lounge has such friendly staff. Rooms are compact but very well equipped. Good access to everything. Highly recommend!	
Jun 29 2009 	Third visit in three years and the standards remain high	This was our third visit to The Hilton, Tower Bridge, and it looked and felt just as new as the year it opened. The rooms and bathrooms are modern with funky colours and while not massive, are prefectly adequate for 2 adults. The bed is large and the furnishings good quality and tasteful. I much prefer this Hilton to the older Hilton at Green Park.Located between Tower Bridge and London Bridge it is a little bit away from the main hustle bustle of central London; 30 - 40 minutes to walk to Oxford Street / Covent Garden but good public transport is very close-by.	
Jun 25 2009 	Outstanding London value!	My first stay at this hotel in London, a stray away from my favorite London hotel but I thought I would take a chance....and am I ever glad that I did! Very friendly and helpful staff, amazing special priced (fixed) menu for 20 GBP and a nice wine list. They upgraded our room at check-in without asking and the room was very comfortable and clean. After a month of staying in small continental hotels with hard beds and small bathrooms this hotel was a palace!! I am so glad we found this little gem! We will definitely be back!!	
Jun 24 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL 	Stayed with my girlfriend for a trip to see 'OLIVER!' at Drury Lane - and YES - on the SAME night Michael Jackson was there!!Anyway - immaculate hotel - REALLY GOOD HELPFUL STAFF - great location right on the River Thames near Tower Bridge - some rooms do have a view - ours didn't but you'll have to pay for that!We got our room for about £68 quid if I remember rightly - got it through the Hilton Sale that was offered on their website if you booked before the end of January 2009. However! I think the room - a DOUBLE HILTON GUEST ROOM - i still only about £99 quid if you book ahead - great vaule for London - and it's a Hilton! The room was very roomy, en-suite, flat-screen TV, low moody lighting etc etc. The room, hotel, reception, bar was immaculate! All the mod-cons that you'd expect. Lovely, lovely hotel. It was dead trendy, contemporary and a cab to the West End was only about £8 quid. It's also a short trip from Waterloo station. The London Dungeon is also on the same road - Tooley Street if you're going there. On leaving I filled out a customer feedback form and received a very nice polite letter from the manager a few weeks later. To be honest, next time we're staying in London - I'm not going to look elsewhere to be honest! The TOWER BRIDGE HILTON is a winner!!	
Jun 18 2009 	One of the best hotel in London!	I've stayed in Hilton London Tower Bridge with a friend and we find it great!The staff was very friendly and happy to help.The food at the restaurant was very good and the prices are ok for london standards.The room was big and clean with a king size bed no extra charge!If i visit london again i defenatly stay at the same hotel!	
Jun 16 2009 	Not bad but could be better	I am not a fan of Hiltons but we stayed here as the &quot;January Sale&quot; rate was so good. The hotel has nice rooms and is in a good location but our stay was marred by some minor points.There was a good selection on the breakfast buffet but the &quot;hot&quot; food wasn't actually very hot.We used the bar once and the service was dreadful. We arrived at the bar and were told brusquely to sit down and someone would take our order. We ordered two glasses of wine - not exactly difficult. The barman then proceeded to serve several people at the bar while we waited. When our drinks arrived 15 minutes later, my wife commented on the delay. We were told that we had been served in turn and we had to understand that others had ordered before us. This was blatantly untrue. What made it worse was that we were billed a 10% service charge for this poor service.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Hotel at the right price!	We have just returned from the Hilton Tower Bridge.The hotel is very modern and in a very much 'on the up' part of London. Our room (727) was good quality 4 star. Facilities in the room include; flat screen tv with 20+ channels inc sky, iron and ironing board, tea/coffee, hairdryer etc. Both bedroom and bathroom are fine and what we hoped for. The hotel is surounded by modern office blocks so no decent views, 727 looked over suburban South London. Staff throughout the stay were very pleasant, and check in &amp; out was quick and easy.A couple of days before we were due, we received an e-mail asking if we wanted a 3 course meal at £19:95 each.We took the offer and had fairly ok meal. Please be warned, as soon as we sat down, the waiter politely asked if we wanted water, we said yes please and we were charged £5..!. All purchases at the hotel automatically incur a 10% service charge, so the meal was nearly £50. Drinks at the hotel we believe are too expensive despite the London post code, small bottle of Heineken £4:80. There was far better value to be had in the locality (please see below). The breakfast options and quality are excellent (full english, cereals, pastries, through to fresh fruit salad, yogurts etc etc) and is well worth opting for.We used the Hilton because of the deal (just under £300 for 3 nights inc breakfast) and the reviews on tripadvisor. All in all it was worth the money we paid and lived up to our expectations.The area surrounding the Hilton has seen huge development recently and so has attracted all the usual (coffe shops - pret, starbucks etc &amp; restaurants). There's plenty of choice within 2/3 minutes walk. At night we used The Anchor pub on the river front and The George on the Borough High Street near to Guys. It's one of the oldest pubs in London and has masses of seating outside. Pint of speckled hen and 1/3 bottle of wine came to £7:80 far better value than the hotel, plus better atmosphere. Similar prices at the Anchor too. TOP TIP if vsiting the sights and travelling on the train. Google 2 for 1 Tower of London and the National Rail site comes up near the top. This offers 2 for 1 on loads of attractions. We used some of them and it worked fine as long as you show your rail tickets. Would definately recommend the hotel and area, but wouldn't pay over the top for the privilege.	
Jun 12 2009 	Superb - Highly recommended	Excellent hotel, room very nice, breakfast good, 2 minutes from London Bridge + the fast ThamesClipper boat service. Look via lastminute.com secret hotels .... far cheaper than booking direct. Nice resturants around - try the Argentina Steak House - can not remember name - but hotel will - best steak ever!!!Be aware that they add a 10% service charge to drinks at the bar ... it is not clear, so I tipped as well .... so they ended up getting 19% on top!!Mark	
Jun 10 2009 	Couldn`t Fault it	We celebrated our 1st Wedding Anniversary at The Tower Bridge Hilton . Everything was perfect , from the moment we walked through the door . We were made to feel welcome , our room was on the 7th floor and was ready for when we arrived at 13.15 hrs .The hotel foyer was light and airy , as were other public areas . The bedroom was spotlessly clean .The Anniversary cake waiting for us in the bedroom was a wonderfull touch and much appreciated . Nothing is too much trouble for the Hilton Staff , they all work as a team , and it clearly shows Location of the hotel is fantastic , very close to main attractions , We had breakfast in the hotel , which in itself was just what we expected , the choice was excellent . We chose to eat out in the evening , 1 night at Gaucho , where the steak was 1 of the best ive tasted in a very long time (although the ambience of this particular restaurant isnt what i thought it was going to be , ie: music too loud and lighting far too dim .) We stumbled on a great Indian restarant for the following evening , Mala , at St Katherines Dock . Wow , what a meal and not expensive either .Love staying at Hilton hotels , as you know the quallity and service will be 1st rate , as it was Thanks Hilton , for helping make our 1st Anniversary a memorable one xxx	
Jun 9 2009 	Our new London hotspot	My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend at the start of June. The hotel is set within a newly revived area offering a host of restaurants and shops. The room was a very comfortable double with great ensuite. Views from the hotel rooms would appear to be limited due to location, but within 2 minutes of the hotel you are at the side of the Thames. Location for tourist activities is great, Tower Bridge, Towers, London Dungeons, HMS Belfast and also to use the Thames ferry services. We used the Thames Clippers to tour all of the Thames and also took it up to the London Eye. Trips around the city where greatly assisted with an entrance to the underground just across the street. We where in Bond &amp; Oxford street within minutes, Taxi's to the same area where costing up on £19 depending on time of day.Breakfast was excellent on both mornings, great selection of food. We also had an evening meal and where let down by service on the night, had to ask for side plates, seasoning and even drinks. This hotel was for us a great find, we will be back.	
Jun 9 2009 	Spend your Money Elsewhere !	The Hilton London Tower Bridge seemingly has no views of the Tower Bridge - its only relationship to the bridge is that it is down the road and then down the river from the bridge. The hotel's view of the river Thames is blocked by taller buildings. (Which you can see straight into from your room). Only the small terrace adjacent to the executive lounge has a view from what I could tell during my extended stay. The rooms in this hotel are small. If you are a Hilton Honors member an &quot;upgrade&quot; is from a room with twin beds to one with a double bed. The room, however, is still small by US standards. Big warning, all of the rooms on the street side of the hotel are exposed to construction noise. Jackhammers and construction equipment ALL DAY LONG. Another big warning, British food is not like American food. A full English breakfast consists of things like baked beans and black bread (pig foot) pudding and all sorts of really gross stuff - for breakfast. The fruit salad on the buffet is way over ripe and the fruit juice is obviously from a box - not fresh at all. I can not believe that I wasted 350,000 Hilton honor points to stay at this hotel for 6 days! When I asked for an upgrade, the snotty front desk clerk replied, &quot;but m'am you have been upgraded to a perfectly suitable room&quot;. They say that the hotel is within walking distance of the tube stop - but if you are not in top notch shape forget about it. The sidewalks are not conducive to pulling a suitcase with wheels (cobblestone streets) and the tube stations have lots of stairs (especially Tower Hill). It is a long ride from the airport and the tube was packed even on a Sunday morning. There is no pool in this hotel. And, it is cold in June (I mean wearing a coat and still shivering cold). The food is very expensive (if you can find something that you like to eat). The weather is dreary (not really the hotel's fault. I feel jilted by Hilton and Hilton Honors on this stay.	
Jun 8 2009 	Above average Hilton..which is saying something :)	I stayed here recently while on a business trip and was pleasantly surprised. I'm not normally a fan of Hilton Hotels, having many bad experiences with them in the past. However the Hilton London Tower Bridge managed to not fall into that category.The location is convenient with London Bridge station close by, and also being near various attractions (Tower Bridge/Tower of London/South Bank/London Dungeon) etc, and the financial heartland of the City. Rooms were well sized and nicely decorated. The bed wasn't as plush as other hotels (you could feel the wire springs etc inside) but I still managed to sleep well. The few staff members I dealt with were courteous.Downsides was that it was sometimes noisy outside at night, and the price of Internet access was steep, to say the least. I'd certainly not be upset if I had to stay there again, but there are better hotels in that price range too out there.	
Jun 5 2009 	brand new hotel with view of Tower Bridge	I was one of the first 500 guests to stay at the Hilton London - Tower Bridge. Great interiors, excellent location next to Thames &amp; HMS Belfast. I spent more that two weeks at the place and had a great time. Its a very busy hotel now, &amp; is close to the financial district - just a walk over queens walk and london bridge you are there in the heart of the CITY.	
Jun 2 2009 	Had a bad time with food	I was here for a conference. I stayed here for 4 days. My package included breakfast and lunch for 4 days. I must say I had a horrid time with the food here. i don't know why but they decided to change their menu to a completely South east Asian and mostly Thai cuisines. I am a big foodie myself, but I never liked the preparations here. The desserts were really bad. Overall, except for the food, the hotel is highly recommended. Brilliantly situated, 20 minutes walk from all the tourist spots ( eg. London Eye, Westminster, Parliament houses). Its very close to the Tower bridge tube station ( 2 minutes walk) and has a amazing bar right down the street which is open till really really late at night. Also, you have an amazing view of the Tower bridge from right outside the hotel.	
Jun 2 2009 	Lovely stay	We are just back from a long weekend where we stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge. Like another reviewer there is no need to upload photos because the ones provided by the hotel are spot on for this very new very modern hotel.Good location, very close to underground (3 min walk) and the Thames (1 min) and Tower Bridge pier (less than 5 mins), good choice of shops and cafes and the Hays Galleria. We had a cheap deal on the internet which usually gets you a broom cupboard but in this lovely new hotel the room was fine, we were on the third floor overlooking the walkway but we had no problems sleeping or with noise. The buffet breakfast (part of our deal) was brilliant, fresh, masses of choice, cooked full english or continental choices and the coffee in particular was excellent. Breakfast served from 7.30 to 11 on weekends and until 10.30 on weekdays which is great, I hate feeling rushed in the morning. The maid service were good too, the room looked fabulous once they had been in, we had forgotten to replace the do not disturb as we usually don't require the maid service but they even folded our clothing, bless them.Shower powerful, air conditioning much appreciated during the heatwave, ice maker in hall.My only criticism was the lack of tea and coffee making facilities.Overall a great hotel if you are in town for business or equally a family trip to the city, if I get a cheap deal again I would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended!	
Jun 1 2009 	An excellent stay!!	We stayed at the hotel for a long weekend (over the Bank Holiday) staying in an Executive room that was well worth that little bit extra. We used the Executive Lounge on all 3 evenings. From 6pm until 9pm you can help yourself to a fantastic choice of alcoholic drinks, mixers,tea, coffee and nibbles. The only downside was on the Sunday night watching greedy guests continuously pile their plates with food and going back time and time again. The poor staff could not keep replenishing the food quickly enough! They appeared to be determined to save money and not go out to eat. The room was clean and well furnished with tea, coffee, water and La Source toileteries replenished twice a day. The breakfast was plentiful and the staff were very friendly and efficient.Three days before we were due to arrive my husband received an E.Mail from the hotel offering a 3 course meal with free wine on the night of our choice. As prices in London can be expensive we took up the offer. The food and wine was delicious but the restaurant was empty! This is probably because there is a good selsction of bars and restaurants nearby.This is an excellent hotel and next time we are in London this hotel will be our first choice.	
Jun 1 2009 	Lateral thinking perhaps .	Hilton do not see this as a tourist hotel but it is surrounded by sights and restaurants . Smart and modern our room overlooked a pedestrian walk .Front house staff excellent , room cleaners unpredictable and even forgetful Our few days at good web rate were spoilt when we were issued not one but two bills and minibar cost we knew nothing of .If the rate was good I would return .	
May 27 2009 	Nice hotel  Great location.	This hotel is great for a city break, ideally located about 2 mins walk from tower bridge tube station. Plenty of pubs and restaurants nearby and a short walk to London Bridge and The London Dungeon. Staff were helpful,rooms were pretty much what you would expect. Evening meal was reasonable but the cooked breakfast was dissapointing although plenty of other choices. Minor faults included noisy air con and charging for water while waiting for a meal! would recommend staying here though overall a good hotel and value for money.	
May 27 2009 	Absolutley GREAT! will return in future	GOOD POINTS:What a great hotel!Excellent location - 2 mins walk from Tower Brige, London Dungeons and Underground/Train station which takes you all over the city within minutes! many places to eat and drink around the hotel.Room was perfect (deluxe double) VERY spacious, modern, well furnished/lit, clean, every amenity you can think of, seperate bath and shower. cannot fault the room at all.Service was good, maids were speedy and efficient and all staff were polite. Breakfast was good, wide choice and nice setting. BAD POINTS: I didnt like how the maids came in my room in the evening when we were out, just to turn your lamps on and peel the quilt back. nice touch, but i hadnt expected anyone in the room.Drinks at the hotel bar were ridiculous. £22 for a malibu and coke and a jack daniels and coke. wouldnt buy from there again.Upon checkout i was informed that £50 per night had been taken from my bank account as a deposit. this was debited back to be upon check out but meant that £100 was missing from my bank for 3 days. i was lucky that i had this money in my account, as i could see it being problematic if it went into an overdraft etc...Overall, i would come back to this hotel time and time again, as i thouroughly enjoyed my stay. (i have not uploaded any photos as the hotel/rooms are EXACTLY as they look on the website etc... what you see is what you get, LOVELY!)	
May 26 2009 	Just fantastic	We stayed at the London Hilton Tower Bridge over a long Memorial Day weekend and had a fantastic time. After a grueling 10 hour flight from lax, we arrived to check in about 2:30 pm and the front desk person told us that the room wasn't quite ready and to return at 3 pm. When we returned at 3 pm, the room still wasn't ready, so they upgraded us to a room that came with bathrobes, wine, and water. The room was immaculately clean, and any request we had was dealt with immediately--we asked for extra towels, foam pillows, etc. Each day, the cleaning staff would very neatly stack each of my personal toiletries on a towel in the bath. Who does that??? The staff was very international, young, and friendly. The service rivals 5 star hotels, easily.One word of warning. One of the reasons we chose this hotel was the proximity to a new and trendy area of the city and proximity to the tube line. The restaurants in the area are terrific and close. However, two of the days we were there the Jubilee tube line was either partially or completely closed and it made it more difficult to reach many of the tourist attractions. Instead you had to take the Northern line and change. One day there was a football game at Wembley and we were crushed on the tube like sardines. I don't know if these closures are common on the weekends, but it may be wise to check closures during your stay.We will be back to the Hilton. We loved it!!!	
May 21 2009 	Superb Hotel with good location	Hotel is very good better than the typical Hilton.Staff where very friendly.Food is very good.Rooms excellent and clean.Location is good with a 1 minute walk to the underground.Downside is local pubs close at weekends !! How mad is that.	
May 15 2009 	Good location check thames water engineering first!	I've stayed here a number of times on business, and it's a great hotel location wise (near L bridge stations, thames clipper stop etc).The staff also try hard, and are friendly and courteous - especially bar and room service staff. However on my latest visit there was an unfortunate water leak around 4AM resulting in a complete evacuation of the hotel. Whilst not in any way the hotels fault for the leak, what was not good was:- although there were intermittent alarms, nobody checked my room to ask me to leave/or were available to talk to.- the power was all off, and there were no emergency lights in the corridors making it v difficult to see where to go. If it was a fire with smoke it would have been dreadful.- a similar event happened over a year ago, they should have developed better contingency plans.Before anyone goes pls check how the water pipes are being repaired first! Normal expensive Hilton extras (like food, drink, wireless access etc). The only + for exec rooms/diamond card folks is that it has a nice lounge with an outside bit.	
May 14 2009 	Left high and dry - no support or help!	In short - 14 hour plus working day, looking forward to getting something to eat and relaxing in comfortable room before pre-dawn start to Brussels - arrive at hotel and it's closed!!! Ok - burst water main, things happen, but despite having a pre-paid room, no one informed me (by email, mobile or text). Of course I call Hilton reservations to explain situation and arrange simple transfer... WRONG! From arrival at hotel at just before 20h, I am on phone with Hilton for at least an hour - on hold for the most part and hung up on once! No one seems willing or ready to help; certainly no one is interested in making special effort to accommodate a customer stuck in London at 9pm with no room/bed, dinner or place to go... Eventually I am told to go to Hilton at Trafalgar Square - by taxi which I pay for myself... There a genuinely helpful person called Lisa Schwedt (thank you) eventually tells me while they had taken transfer from Tower Bridge they are now full and I need to take another taxi - which I paid for - to the Hilton at Hyde Park... Let me tell you about the Hilton at Hyde Park - it is a DUMP... the room smells like a mini cab, no mini bar, filthy old bathroom, tiny - more like an Ibis than anything else. So in short having prepaid for a room at a hotel that I like and trust (returning customer) because I wanted a comfortable nights sleep, two hours later I am stuck in a hotel no better than a roadside motel. Thank you Hilton - I will not be staying with your group again, I will advise my company, colleagues and friends likewise.	
May 13 2009 	Large and modern rooms reasonable breakfast great location.	Great location for business traveller if you're working in the area. Very large and modern rooms, clean and tidy. Breakfast service pretty good by Hilton standards (i.e. expensive but otherwise OK). Decent selection of restaurants near by. Probably good for sightseeing too.	
May 13 2009 	Good standard of typical Hilton hotel	What you expect with a good location for business. Also rooms were relatively quiet. And the price especially was good value compared to other choices.	
May 12 2009 	pleasent stay	stayed in this hotel for one night real good location for central london for work or tourism. train station real close and the staff were real friendly. room was excellent in terms of space and decor. great views from higher floors.	
May 8 2009 	Third time here - great place	This is the third time we have stayed here and would thouroughly recommend it if you can get a good rate. A comfortable and modern hotel with quiet, clean rooms. Good buffet breakfast but expensive if not included in your rate. We really like the location right near the river and only a few minutes walk from London Bridge station to get to the West End etc.. Bar prices very expensive but I suppose you expect that. Friendly efficient staff.	
May 7 2009 	Not recommended for familiy with children	After reading the reviews, this hotel appears to be perfect for a family trip to London. My family consists of me, wife and two children, ages 8 &amp; 6 for a total of 4 people. However, I didn't actually stay at this hotel. This is not due to a lack of trying on my part. First attempted to book on directly on Hilton.com but was given no rooms available that meets my requirement. Then I contacted the hotel directly via email. Was told that this hotel does not allow more than 2 people per room. Therefore, I would need 2 rooms for my family of 4.I actually don't have a problem with the fact that the hotel limits 2 per room. Hotels are free to set policy. What irritates me is actually tripadvisor because it's filter recommends this hotel for family with children. In my opinion, a hotel which has a recommendation for family with children would actually allow a family to stay in one room. Just wanted to have a warning regarding tripadvisor filter which recommends this hotel for family with children when it clearly is not.	
May 5 2009 	Best hotel we've stayed at in London!	This was our second stay at the Hilton London Tower Bridge. We stayed one night on our way back to New York from a visit with family in Europe.The staff was welcoming, friendly and provided excellent service. The room was clean, the bed comfortable and the shower fantastic.Breakfast was delicious.We've stayed at a number of hotels in London throughout the years and this is without a doubt the best!We will definitely be back!	
May 4 2009	Excellent hotel in a great location	The hotel is conveniently located : a short walk to the London Bridge underground station and there are bus stops just outside.The room is well appointed and nicely decorated. The bed is very comfortable, the best bed I ever had in an hotel.Breakfast is delicious. A huge buffet with various hot and cold foods. You can order pancakes with maple sirup. Saturday and Sunday mornings are busy after 9, so go down a bit earlier if you don't want to wait for a table.Very friendly staff. I would definitely stay again. A perfect stay.	
May 1 2009 	Very nice hotel	Was travelling with my parents to help celebrate their wedding anniversary, having e-mailed the hotel in advance my parents were surprised to find a card and cake waiting for them in the hotel room.The rooms were very comfortable and breakfast in the morning was very filling, however at times the queues for the hot food were a little long.I'm looking forward to returning again later in the year with my partner, when we will try out the executive rooms	
Apr 24 2009 	Chic Hotel on the South Bank	I went to London for a week to visit my son who is studying as a college junior abroad. Hilton was running a special long weekend rate (if I booked by end of January) and it was very good. The hotel is very modern and was conveniently located for nice walks on the South Bank--which I did every day to get to the Tate Modern, the Shakespeare Globe, and great pubs and restaurants. I can't believe how reasonable travel to London is this year--now that the pound has dropped. The hotel lobby is filled with great coaches and seating clusters. The room, though a little small, was nicely decorated with a deep warm brown as a dominant color.	
Apr 20 2009 	Excellent hotel	Super location, clean and excellent staff. Not a thing wrong with it.	
Apr 17 2009 	A very nice hotel in a good location - easy to get to London attractions	My partner and I stayed at this hotel with family and friends for a three day visit to London. It was a four minute easy walk with our trolley suitcases from London Bridge Underground station. The location is a good central one for exploring London. Moving about by bus to say, Covent Garden (bus number RV1), was very easy and efficient using the Oyster Card system. There are bus stops very close to the hotel going to London Bridge and The Tower of London one way, and on the other side of the road going to The London Eye, Waterloo Rail Station, then across the Thames to and ending at, Covent Garden. Inside the bar area it is spacious, quiet and a pleasant environment with very courteous and helpful staff. Often, although they are quick to serve, the delivery of drinks was slow even when no others were at the bar and three staff were on show there pottering about. Our room, 516, was very nicely furnished and had a full set of items that one might need; TV, radio, alarm clock, safe, reading lamps, iron, ironing board, mini bar, Internet connection, opening window. There was the usual array of toiletries available in the very pleasantly finished bathroom. Our room window was not very wide making for a darker room during the day, unlike the larger windows the others in our party had in their rooms. The heating and air con worked very well and most importantly was silent at night when switch on. Breakfast was buffet style of a full range of hot and cold foods with various drinks, enough to suit all. Between this hotel and the River Thames was a large open area to walk about in and to enjoy the view of some of the attractions London has to offer. Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, Tower of London. Overall I would say this is a very good safe hotel to stay in, giving a good service, very pleasant rooms, in a central location with good connections to get about. If you can stay here on a special offer rate as we did, you would not find many hotels a better stay.We probably will return.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent service!	Fantastic service, we felt very welcome and looked after. Rooms were great, comfortable and modern. The only negative things were that my girlfriend thought the bed was a bit hard, but I liked it :-)And they changed towels even if we followed their instructions on being environmental. We even put the towels on the rack and put their own note on hoe to be environmental on top of the towels, but even then they changed them. Not good Hilton. But the towels were HUGE and fluffy.. :-)Breakfast was delicious. A huge buffet with various hot and cold foods. YUM YUM.London Tower and tower brigde was nearby, and there was a lovely river-promenade along the river Themes. We had access to a gym nears the hotel with 20 m pool, but didn't bring our bathingsuits :-( AND we got a complementary newspaper delivered to our door every morning.The underground is only 2-300 meters away from the hotel, and there are bus stops just outside, so it is easy accessable. A wonderful stay!	
Apr 14 2009 	Comfortable stay	Over the eastern weekend the Hilton London Tower Bridge Hotel offered a very good rate of about 110 pounds (including taxes) per night. For London a very good price! Especially when one considers that the hotel is situated on the popular east side of London close to the Tower Bridge and the Tate Modern. The rooms in the hotel are new and comfortable. Only the interior design of the rooms makes one wonder (at least of the accessible room that we stayed in). Why place the wardrobe behind the heavy bathroom door so that there is immediately a hole in the wardrobe-door? Why couldn't the tiles in the bathroom be placed better so that the bathroom doesn't swamp after every shower? Anyway, these are just small puzzles in an otherwise very comfortable room. One more thing, in the morning you should really spend 10 pounds per person on breakfast in this hotel. Is is really great!	
Apr 14 2009 	Great place for a stay in London with friends	We spent Easter in London with friends and found the hotel and area to be ideal.we could not fault the service and food at breakfast-lots of choice and good quality.We dined in the Larder Restaurant on Friday evening,the meal and service were great.Would recommend the nearby Gaucho steak house,good food with a super &quot;floodlit&quot; view of Tower Bridge.The Hilton provided a birthday cake for one of our friends-this was much appreciated.We will be back!	
Apr 10 2009 	Loved our stay at Hilton London Tower Bridge!	My husband and I stayed here two nights in March (not long enough). We stayed in an executive room and did have access to the Executive Lounge, which was nice for breakfast and cocktails! The staff was very friendly and helpful and we did not have any problems with check-in or check-out. Our room was impecable...I couldn't find ONE blemish! We were on the 12th floor and I must admit, there wasn't much of a view from the windows (looking into an office building). Our bed was very roomy and comfortable. I'm not sure if every room has a bathtub, but ours did and it was nice. The shower was built so that the mirror wouldn't steam up, which was really nice. The location is probably not ideal for sightseers, although it is quite close to the Lower Bridge and the Tower of London. The Tube station is about 5 minutes' walk from the front door, which was convenient. We ate at the restaurant on the first floor on our final night in London. I thought the food was good and the prices were actually reasonable. They had a special the night we went - 3 courses for 20 GBP. Great food!I know most things I've mentioned thus far have been positive, but there are a few things to think about before booking this hotel. Most of the people staying here were businessmen and women, so there weren't many tourists or families around. The fire alarm was triggered around 1:30 a.m., which was frightening, but was a false alarm. The staff had an apology letter slipped under our door by 0600 the next day. This was probably an accident, but I thought I would mention it. And, there is no free WiFi, which we found slightly strange considering it is a business hotel. But, if you have access to the Executive Lounge, there are 2 computers there for your use. Otherwise, we loved the hotel and would recommend it to all.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great Hotel Best in london so far!!!!	We booked this hotel last minute not really knowing what to expect but was pleasantly suprised when we booked in... The room was very modern with great facilities, it was very clean and quiet altho in the centre of london. Bed was very very comfy and shower was nice. We sat in the bar/lounge in the evening till midnight which was very nice staff gave great service - the atmosphere was very relaxing great after a busy day out in london. We will be going back to the hotel in the future as it really is a good one!	
Mar 27 2009 	All in all a great hotel	My husband and I stayed here for one night in March. We had a room on the executive floor (9th). Check in was on the 9th floor for us and was handled quickly and efficiently. We were told we could help ourselves to the drinks in the lounge up until 11pm and that cakes and pastries were served in the afternoon and canapes from 6pm. We unfortunately didn't have time to sample the fare.Our room was large, clean and modern. Bathrobes and slippers were provided together with tea and coffee making facilities and also a hairdryer. The bathroom had a large shower and separate bathtub.We had breakfast in the Larder restaurant on the ground floor and it was perfectly acceptable with a good selection of food to cater for all tastes.All staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful.Unfortunately the hotel doesn't score 5 stars for us as there was an unfortunate incident with the fire alarms going off at 1am in the morning. Terrified the living daylights out of us and when they went off a second time 15 minutes later, we did lose patience. Couldn't get through to front desk on the phone but assumed staff would knock if we needed to evacuate. In the hotel's defence we got a letter of apology under our door later that morning but it didn't compensate for the disturbed night's sleep we had.The location of the hotel is fantastic with the river close by as well as numerous shops and lovely restaurants close by. London Bridge station is an easy walk too.I would stay there again, despite the fire alarm incident. Hopefully it was a one off incident.	
Mar 25 2009 	excellent choice for London	Stayed for 3 nights, arrived Friday afternoon and departing Monday morning, booked a standard room on a bed and breakfast basis.Hotel is just a few minutes walk from London Bridge station so has direct access to the Jubilee and Northern underground lines; also convenient if travelling from Luton and Gatwick airport as it is possible to get train from those airports direct to here.Checked in 1pm Friday; due to the fact it was full I was not able to get the upgrade to texecutive floor which I had expected as a Gold VIP Honors member, however i did get a deluxe room and was offered a complimentary bottle of Champagne in lieu of no executive room.This hotel has a really nice feel to it; very modern with nice open public area on the ground floor with bar and resturant.Rooms were average sized for London, however were well equiped, clean and comfortable - couldnt really expect too much more.Took breakfast each day in the main restaurant, no queuing despite the fact the hotel was very busy. Selection was good and all the food was very fresh looking.Hotel is well located for southbank and Tower Bridge areas and just a few steps from the riverside.Highly recommended and will definately stay here next time i am in London.	
Mar 19 2009 	Fantastic hotel ever I've stayed in!!!!!	I had looked up this hotel on the trip advisor to see other comments and they all sounded brilliant, of course you never know until you go yourself. Well I will tell you that it was better than brilliant. We had a great time. My first to London so I was a bit sorry that I didn't get the chance to spend more time at the hotel especially in the executive suite which when we arrived got upgraded to, thanks to Angela the receptionist!!!! :-) Complete luxury. The location spot on near the tower bridge/tower of london and you could literally step onto HMS Belfast and of course London station/underground which is what you want to get around. You will love it. Sharon N.Ireland	
Mar 17 2009 	Room 512 is quite large and nicely appointed	Our stay at Hilton London Tower Bridge was very nice. We checked in late Friday and checked out early Monday. It was our first trip to London and we were celebrating my birthday. The hotel is located on the east side about a 10 minute walk from the London Tower Bridge. Check in / out was quick and easy. Room 512 is located on a bend in the hotel, so it is much larger than the other rooms. The view is of the Ernst and Young building, but we didn't book the hotel for the view. As an HHonors member, I was thrilled to a) actually get the newspaper in the morning, b) have complimentary bottled water and wine and c) not have any issues. The front desk staff were very nice and helpful with directions, maps, and mailing our postcards.The location is great. It's about a 5 minute walk to the London Tower station, a 15 minute walk (over the Tower Bridge) to the Tower Hill (District Line), a 10 minute walk to the Monument station (District line). After reading the reviews, I had high expectations that we would be upgraded, as were other guests, because it was my birthday, but that wasn't the case. Regardless, we had no complaints about the hotel, the room, the location, or the service. If possible ask for a X12 or X11 room (they are the larger ones on the bend).	
Mar 16 2009 	Perfect	Great service, great location, great facilities. I particularly liked their express checkout service - the morning I was to check out, they slipped an envelope under my door with my receipt. All I had to do was sign and drop it at the front desk, no need to queue or wait. The bed was extremely comfortable, there was tea and coffee-making facilities in the room and the room came with a flatscreen tv. Wireless Internet access was a little bit pricey but fast. A perfect hotel experience.	
Mar 14 2009 	Great hotel in London for business or pleasure	Stayed here for two nights at the end of a Christmas family vacation to Europe. The hotel is very modern and located on the soutside of the Tower bridge, very close to the tube stop and right dwon the street from the indoor theme park, the London Dungeon. The rooms are pretty good sized for London and I the lobby has a really neat feel to it. I’d definitely recommend staying here if in Lodnon as it is conveniently located and well kept up. Rate was $110 USD per night (got it through a promotional rate on Hilton.com)Grea	
Mar 3 2009 	Great value and good location	Having read the reviews on trip advisor got a great deal on this hotel for about £85 per night including breakfast in an upgraded room.Although it wasn't the biggest hotel room that i have ever stayed in, it was certainly clean, of a good standard and really quiet for central london. It is well located for both the tube, walking into London and a good choice of local restaurants and bars.The hotel breakfast was pretty standard fayre but of a generous quantity and available til 11am which is great if you've had a late night or just want to relax.It's really convenient for most mainline statations and easy to access from city airport.If it is was available at the right price I would definitely stay again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Brilliant weekend	Stayed valentines weekend, executive room. Furnished well, nice comfortable king size bed. The lounge on the 9th floor was superb. Complimentary drinks and snacks. The staff were excellent. We were both very impressed.Would not bother to stay in any other hotel in London. 3 minute walk from London bridge tube station. Hms Belfast and plenty of pubs restaurants within 10 minute walk. Will definatley return.	
Feb 17 2009 	Gorgeous rooms great hotel	Hotel has a nice, clean, modern feel. Room was fantastic, a little smaller than other Hiltons but that's London for you, and it didn't feel cramped at all and the bathroom was quite large. Room was spotless, service was great, would gladly recommend. Was a little less central to London but is only a 5 minute walk from the London Bridge tube stop so it's very easy to get anywhere. (We took the tube to and from the airport with no problems, it takes about an hour). Would stay again in London.	
Feb 10 2009 	Faultless Stay at Hilton Towerbridge	I stayed at the hotel with a group of ten colleagues on a business weekend. The hotel was superb from check in to check out. We were all lucky enough to have executive rooms which are very modern, look brand new, very comfy and spotlessly clean. The beds are to die for. Complimentary bottle of red wine and water in the room. Flat screen tv and tea and coffee facilities. The mood lighting in the room is great too.We didnt eat at the hotel for dinner but did for breakfast. Breakfasts were excellent. Sunday mornings get very busy between 9-11 so if you dont want to fight your way in go down a bit earlier. They serve everything you could want and more and its all very tasty.As a perk of having the exec rooms we had access to the exec lounge. This was very nice too. All day you can get free soft drinks, and nibbles. And between 6-9pm there is free beer, wine and spirits along with a few canapes and hot nibbles. Its not a massive lounge so can feel quite busy. Free computer with internet to use in there too.The hotel is in a great location. 2 minute walk to the tube, 2 mins to London Dungeons, 2 minutes to the river and London Bridge and HMS Belfast. One night we ate at Dim T a modern Asian restaurant stones throw from the hotel on the river. food is great and it has massive glass windows with an amazing view of London bridge all lit up at night. Not overly expensive either. Book though!	
Feb 6 2009 	amazing weekend away	I hope this review helps you decide as we looked on trip advisor before we stayed at the Hilton.From when we arrived to when we left hotel staff couldn't do enough to help you. They upgraded us to and executive room, which was lovely as it was my birthday.They helped us find a resturant we wanted to go for my birthday and helped book us a table.The hotel is lovely and modern, rooms are spacious and very clean.views are not all that good but that didnt matter as we were 1 min walk from river, bars, resturants.The hotel is in a fairly new modern complex to. There are coffee shops, M&amp;S and cash point next to hotel and nearest tube on northern line is like 2 min walk from hotel.We had breakfast each day and there was so much choice and the food was lovely. We even dined in the resturant one eve, the food was delicious even if a little more pricey than other resturants near by. The cocktail bar has a lovely atmosphere, as does the whole hotel.We always like staying at hilton but we would def stay at this one again the next time we are in london. Since returning home we have had a letter from hotel manager thanking us for our stay and comments. This hotel is customer service at its best..	
Feb 2 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This was my second stay at this hotel and yet again they offered an excellent service.This time I took my 4 year old and we had an interconnecting room on the executive floor as we had an upgrade due to a birthday celebration.Very family friendly and staff very helpful.The facilities in the executive lounge are well worth the extra money as you receive afternoon tea and evening canapes in a comfortable setting.Looking forward to our next stay.	
Feb 2 2009 	Really Good Hotel	If you get the deal that you are happy with then you wont go wrong at this hotel. Stylish, clean, modern in a perfect location. Staff attentive, friendly and really helpful. Breakfast spot on. Location is really excellent and this bit of London continues to become more popular. Did not use the gym etc but sure these were good also. Best stay in London in a hotel ever. The thing is I guess is that we stayed because we got a deal for 85 pounds per room per night including breakfast. Normally the rooms are circa £200 which would put it out of our normal leisure budget so I guess you would expect this quality for that price. However as a review of the hotel, really good!!	
Jan 28 2009 	Great Hotel--Great Service!	My wife and I flew to London for a weekend getaway. I knew we wanted to stay at a Hilton property (Diamond status), but with so many there, it was hard to choose which one. We'd previously selected the Metropole, but a week before we left, Hilton introduced a January sale, and the Tower Bridge was available for GBP88/night including breakfast...Such a deal.We're so glad we selected this place...The staff was warm and friendly. The decor of the lobby and the rooms was very modern. The room was decent size (especially given that it was London). While there were no King rooms available, the Queen size bed was sufficient for us. Flat screen TV in the room, bathroom included a tub, separate stand-alone shower and a nice vanity.The executive lounge was very nice, albeit a little small and crowded...Great selection of food at breakfast, although with our rate including breakfast downstairs, the second day and beyond we had breakfast in the restaurant downstairs. In the evening, they put out a nice spread of appetizers (both hot and cold) and an excellent drink selection--bottled beer, several kinds of wine, champagne, and many, many bottles of booze with all the mixers.The hotel is in a great location...An 8-minute walk to the Tower Bridge, 5-minute walk to the London Bridge Underground (Subway) Station, and many nearby restaurants.We'd surely stay here again when coming back to London. Two thumbs up for the Hilton Tower Bridge!	
Jan 7 2009 	Can truly recommend this hotel	This is a very modern, elegant and stylish hotel in a great location. Closest tube station is London Bridge, only 4 minutes' walk from hotel. There is a Cafe Nero, M&amp;S food and a Pret-a-manger in the immediate vicinity of the hotel along with a cash point, very convenient! Staff at reception were very helpful and check-in very efficient, allowing us to check in very early, 11AM, and kind enough to arrange for late check-out free of charge the following day. Concierge couldn't have been more helpful. Rooms elegantly furnished, chairs and bed extremely comfortable, no street noise at all. Iron and hair-dryer provided. Bathroom nicely designed with modern fixtures and lovely Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries but I missed having a separate shower cubicle, as standing in the shower tub was rather uncomfortable. Hotel lobby and attached bar beautiful, comfortable and informal with very welcoming bar staff. There is also a small gym suite on the 3rd floor. Breakfast was a real treat with excellent fresh fruit, very good service and a wide range of choice. Make sure you have one of those delicious pancakes with fresh berries, whipped cream and golden syrup freshly prepared in front of your eyes! If you chose not to have dinner in the hotel restaurant, there is a very nice Strada just 3 minutes' walk, right on the river with wonderful views of Tower Bridge at night; food was very good.No complaints at all and would definitely return to this hotel. Highly recommended for both business and leisure travellers.	
Jan 6 2009 	Super stay at the Hilton	Stayed for only one night (unfortunately) to celebrate my husbands birthday. The location of the hotel is wonderful and ideal for our planned visit to the Tate Modern.We were upgraded to an executive room which was well appointed and although we did not have a view other than to the inside of the Ernst &amp; Young offices opposite this was not a problem. A short stroll from the hotel further into More London provides a superb photo opportunity of Tower Bridge.The staff were a delight, telephoned the room to check that we were satisfied and laid on a complimentary birthday cake which was delicious. Compliments to the Pastry Chef!The Hilton breakfast was outstanding (as usual) but there were also lots of other choices of foods that I have not seen at other Hiltons in the UK.The Ruba bar albeit expensive was a lovely environment for a night cap following a very good meal at the nearby Graucho.If you are planning a trip to this part of London stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge. I am sure you will not regret it.	
Dec 22 2008	Fantastic help with a very difficult request	I am planning to take my partner to London for his birthday on Dec 26. About a month ago, booked the hotel (using my points), flights, and a play. Then last week, I started to look at restaurants for the dinner, and this is when the saga started. I was initially booked at the Trafalgar and called the concierge to ask for advice for the restaurant. The concierge asked me to send him an email. Days passed, I never heard back. I called again, asking for help. Was promised to be called back, and never was called back. I was very dissatisfied with the lack of service, and switched to the Waldorf. The concierge there explained to me that Dec 26 is a Boxing Night so most places are closed. He gave me one suggestion, but when I called the resto they were closing too early. So I called again, and talked to another concierge who asked me five times for my phone number to call me back. At one point, I told him that the phone number he wrote down was not correct but at the second try it turns out it was. Then I had to hear from the concierge that the number was correct to begin with and why did I tell him it was not. I was shocked but thought it was funny and said ''I apologize for confusing. I hope you can accept my apology.'' He said it was OK, promised to call me back and NEVER DID!After having lost hours looking for a resto by myself, I got angry at both hotels and switched to the Hilton Tower Bridge, hoping that the hotel reviews are in line with expectations. When I called the concierge, Muhammet, he was FANTASTIC: helpful, attentive and most importantly knowledgeable. He immediately suggested two places, one close to the hotel and the other close to the theater. I eventually called the second place and they were lovely on the phone, simply lovely. Muhammet's help saved my hours of search and axiety, and to me represents the standard of care that one would expect from a Hilton hotel.	
Dec 16 2008 	Perfect stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge	My wife and I stayed for two nights at the Hilton Tower Bridge in Dec 2008. The Hotel is new and excellently placed being a 2 minute walk from London Bridge Tube. The Hays Glalleria is close offering places to eat and drink. A M&amp;S food outlet is durectly opposite the Hotel which is handy for a snack. The Shipwrights Arms pub is all close (traditional London Pub). The London deungeon, Tower Bridge and HMS Belfast are alla 2min walk away. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. The room was bright, modern and clean. The bathroom was larger than expected. The breakfast (included in price) was the best I have seen with a choice of cooked, fruit, toast, doughnuts etc etc. We would go out of our way to stay here again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Loved Hilton Tower Bridge!	Just returned from a romantic getaway to London where we stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge.Pros:The hotel was great. The rooms have a very nice (modern) luxurious interior and comfortable beds. The location is pretty good, the nearest tube (underground) station is just a few minutes walk away (less than 5 min). At the station there are 2 lines (Jubilee/Northern) that you can take, which makes for a very decent connection to the city centre.I included the breakfast option which I can recommend: Lots of different kinds of food, it's hard to think of something that was missing.Cons:Poor wifi connection in my room. Other than that it was a very pleasant experience.	
Dec 10 2008 	Good location	We recently spent 3 nights at this hotel over a weekend, Friday through to Monday. Hotel is an easy walk from London Bridge tube, along past the London Dungeons and the Hays Gallery shopping area. The hotel is modern, clean and a great base to get in and out of the centre of London, It's also a 10 min taxi ride from London Liverpool Street station. We are hilton members and so got upgraded, room was large, airy and clean with complimentary fruit, half bottle of red wine and bottled water, replenished each day, as it was my birthday we even had a cake in our room which was a nice touch. We booked our stay a couple of months prior and got a good dinner, bed and breakfast rate, so dinner was included on the first day. When we checked in we were told that dinner on a friday was served buffet style, dinner was ok, not amazing, there was a fair selection of salads, cold meats and a hot selection of meats and veg which were ok. Have eaten in other Hilton hotels and had better. Breaksfast was good and plentiful and had an array of cereals, fruits, juices, full english, pastries, you could also order fresh pancakes/ waffles/eggs, I ordered bacon, pancakes and maple syrup on the first day and had a wait of 25 minutes. Either someone forgot the order or there was a delay in the kichen. Staff were friendly and helpful though, most of whom seem to be young Eastern Europeans. The location must be one of the hotels best points, its next to London City Hall, there's a great view of Tower Bridge, and its a great walk along London Bridge, The Globe Theatre and the Tate Modern, the walk is littered with coffee shops and eateries, namely starbucks and pizza express. We also walked accross the Thames on the Milenium footbridge which takes you out bySt Pauls, we carried on the walk past the Royal Courts and down into Covent Garden, which didn't take too long and was a great alternative to the Tube! There's also coffee shops, a few pubs, a Thai and Chinese restaurant all within a minute of the hotel as well as a Marks and Spencers. We also noitced a Goucho's and Strada restaurants. On the Sunday we ate at Le Pont de la Tour at Butlers Wharf which is just past Tower Bridge and again a 5 minute stroll from the hotel. As the hotel is set within More London Place which serves a number of multi national offices we noticed it was much busier on the Friday and on the Monday, the weekend was quieter, apart from the construction work going on directly behind the hotel, they are building another office block on the back of the hotel, we did hear construction noise on the Saturday morning but it wasn't too much of a problem.	
Dec 9 2008 	Really nice (if short) stay	Used HH points for a one night, mid-week stay. Im Gold VIP so was delighted to get an instant upgrade to an executive room on the 12th floor with lounge access. Everything taken care of quickly before we left for some sightseeing. I should say that we were able to check into our room at about 1:00pm. Drinks and canapes in the lounge were excellent, followed by the dinner we had just over the plaza at Gauchos. Had comp breakfast in the lounge the following morning which was as good as any Ive had in a business lounge, probably better. This property is modern and cool, we liked it a lot and would happily pay to come back. Although its pricey if your actually paying, I love this bit of London, especially if you are staying mid-week as it is very busy and active. No views from the hotel really, but a 100 yards away is a really iconic view over the Thames to Tower Bridge and The City. Great Hotel, great location just a short walk from the tube (Jubilee Line really is the best).	
Dec 9 2008 	Great Location	We stayed at the Hilton London Bridge for two nights in December 2008. The main purpose of the trip was to see a concert at the O2. Coming from Newcastle upon Tyne, this hotel stands at the junction of the Northern Line from Kings Cross and the Jubilee Line to O2 so it was a perfect stop for us.The hotel itself is new, modern and efficient. It has a corporate feel rather than 'that London feeling' but there's a better atmosphere than the nearby Canary Wharf Hilton. The room was spaciaous and well equipped but there was no hotel information pack and no dressing gowns. The towels were a little frayed also - no excuse for this. Otherwise, very good and comfortable beds as well.We got dinner on the first night in the package. For free, it was fine, but it wasn't nearly as good as the dinner at the Waldorf Hilton (which we've had previously on the same sort of deal).Good news is,there are plenty of other eateries just nearby if you'd prefer.This is a far better location all 'round than we'd thought.You can easily walk to Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, the Tate Modern, Borough Market, London Dungeon etc. The West End is only minutes away on the Jubilee Line to Green Park. The surrounding area has some great new buildings as well as a bit of history as well. Not quite the buzz of the Waldorf Hilton, but pleasant and well worth the money.At present, there is some construction in the building next door. It didn't affect our stay at all but if you're there Mon-Fri, it might. Try this place now as I can see prices going up once the construction stops and right now, I'd say it's good value.	
Dec 8 2008 	Will stay at Hilton Tower Bridge again	I stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge Hotel for a weekend holiday. I considered many other options, but chose this hotel for three reasons: 1) The proximity of an Underground station (Jubilee and Northern line at London Bridge is only two or three hundred metres away), 2) Value/price, 3) Hotel quite recently built (2006 I believe). Although service at the front desk was efficient, I had to wait almost two hours to have my room available (at 1500 hours)! As this was not a business trip and I had planned to have a late lunch and a walk, this posed no problem for me, but other travellers would be advised to check in advance for the possibility for early check-in, should they arrive earlier.The room was in excellent condition, clean and with sober furnishing. As noted by other reviewers, the bed provided excellent comfort.Breakfast was nothing special, but the quality was clearly above average for a 4-star hotel. I particularly liked the selection of _fresh_ fruits and berries (in December!)Overall, service was fast and efficient and staff courteous. I managed to get a good deal including breakfast, so I do not agree that rates are high if you compare with comparable hotels in London, quite the opposite. However, I do agree with a prior reviewer as to the fee for WiFi access. 15 GBP for 24 hours is NOT OK, especially when chains like Radisson offer free WiFi access.	
Dec 7 2008 	Good hotel if you don't mind PAYING	The hotel is located conveniently next to London Bridge rail and tube. The immediate area consists of offices, some shops and a nice promenade along the river. Very modern building and decor, nice lobby and bar. The room was large and comfortable with well positioned desk, armchairs, tea/coffee. Bathroom quite all right although once cannot plug a hair drier in the bathroom. Room was very quiet (and I am really particular about this) with a &quot;gorgeous&quot; view on an office building across a narrow lane. Since I could see very well what was going on in the office I think it also works in the other direction. Food in the restaurant was quite nice.Although the hotel seems to cater to business travelers it does not accommodate them. WiFi is available for GBP15 which is a total ripoff. Even the business center with a watchful receptionist offers a computer for GBP3 for 15 minutes. This is really out of line.	
Dec 3 2008 	2nd anniversary in London	Husband &amp; I stayed at the hotel for our 2nd wedding anniversary. The location was excellent, unbeatable. It was very close (within 5 minutes walking) of a few major attractions, London Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, London Dungeon ......The hop on, hop off buss' are the best. We basically used them as taxi's for the 3 days we were there.Hotel was clean, a little too modern for me. Staff was decent. We didnt eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food. I would stay here again if I got another super deal on prices!	
Nov 24 2008 	Loved the Hilton Tower Bridge Hotel	This hotel was terrific! First of all the location was very convenient, a 2 min. walk to the London Bridge Underground Station which connects you to everywhere you might want to go in London. We arrived very early and were given our room within the hour, which was extremely helpful after a long flight. Breakfast was included in our price and it was easily the best hotel breakfast I have ever had, lots of choice for all tastes and all beautifully presented in a smart,clean dining room. The room itself was a good size, modern decor with a good sized, very modern and clean bathroom...all that was lacking was a good view from the window, perhaps higher floors would give that. The staff was curteous and very helpful . There was a business centre with 2 computers for guest use, however we did have to purchase cards to access the internet ( 5 punds for 1 hr , which was reasonable, but I do think it should be free as many hotels now offer that)...shops nearby and walking distance to the Tower bridge and the London Tower itself,, as well as the London Dungeon. The area around the hotel was nice, clean and felt safe. Overall would definitely stay there again and recommend this hotel for couples, business trip or families with older children.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and were impressed with the amenities and comfort of the room. We arrived several hours early and were given early check in. The bed was comfortable and the rooms very quiet; we slept very well.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant as it seemed expensive compared to other restaurants in the area. There are 2 coffee shops right outside the hotel, a Marks and Spencer Simply Food grocery store, and a number of restaurants within walking distance. Tower Bridge metro station is a 5 minute walk.The only reason I'm not giving this review 5 stars is that wifi was not included with our room. It was available but pricey (I think $15 pounds per day).We got a reduced rate of $99 pounds per night by staying 3 nights, and it seemed like a bargain by US standards.	
Nov 16 2008	Nice Hotel in Decent Location	To start I booked my stay (over rememberance weekend) using points and I am Hilton Honors Diamond.Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was not ready but we were able to use the exec lounge while waiting. We did step out to have some lunch at a Thai restaurant across the street, Surchard (or similar to that name) but it was only average and slighty expensive. When we got to the room was pleasanty surprised with a very modern looking and although slightly small room but still very modern and well appointed. We did have lunch in the bar area one day and the service was good and price was not bad for a hotel. Evening drinks in the lounge was nice and although busy never too full and the liquor offerings were good. Lounge breakfast was basic but did have some eggs and bacon each morning so a few hot items.There are a few restaurants in the area, the two we dined at and liked quite a bit where http://www.dimt.co.uk/ and http://www.strada.co.uk/ which are located right behind the hotel and nice view of the tower bridge. There are also several nice looking restaurants and bars that are on the tower bridge road but we did not try any of those. Also, the HM Belfast is right behind the hotel as well and it was nice that we got to take the tour of the ship and it made it even better since it was rememberance weekend.For transportation to the hotel we just took the tube. It took about one hour but with the oyster card it was 3.50gbp to Heathrow on the way tot he hotel and only 2.00GBP on the way back since it was off peak. I am sure there may be quicker ways to the airport but the price was right! From the airport just take the piccadilly line to the jubilee line and transfer at green park. Pretty easy. Green park does not have escalators but has elevators if you have much luggage.In closing, definitely would like to stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 8 2008 	still good but few small problems	stayed hear for one night before catching a early train with euro star.have stayed hear many times and don't usually find any faults, however on this occasion i was a little disappointed with our room, was a &quot;deluxe&quot; witch is in its self very nice but ours had a nasty stain on the floor by the mini bar and a big stain on the surface in the bathroom,, the public areas however still look spotless, we were departing before breakfast began so the reception did arrange a basket to be delivered to our room at no extra cost witch was a nice touch, in all id say this hotel is still good but some of the rooms are starting to show signs of ware	
Nov 1 2008 	Great hotel good location horrible price!	This hotel is lovely, very trendy but unfortunately very pricey. It has everything you could need (apart from a little character!) and is conveniently located just along from London Bridge Underground on the South Bank. There is a small indoor shopping mall next door called Hays Galleria.The executive room was big and comfy, the bed was maybe too comfy, the mattress was a bit on the soft side. All facilities you could possibly need were there in this luxury hotel. The bathroom is also very smart, inc. nice Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toileteries but the toilet itself is v. boxed in for bigger/taller people which is not so good in such a top end hotel. Internet costs were a joke, £15 per day. There were some benefits to the executive rate, bigger rooms, bathrobes and slippers and access to the executive lounch. This included a free breakfast which was delicious, good service and good range. Apparently there was also an 'evening reception' - free drinks and canapes 6-9pm, we missed this as we were out in London.Now to the bad part...the price! This is a lovely hotel but it is not really unique or incredibly charming. We paid £120 a night for B&amp;B. This may sound not too bad for a top rated hotel but is a lot of money to your average leisure traveller plus... this rate was a 50% saving on their best flexible rate! If you can get a deal and the location suits, don't miss out, this hotel is practically brand new and the service is top notch. If you have £200+ per night burning a hole in your pocket, I'd look for something a bit different.As a footnote, there was a large building site in operation out the back of the hotel. This fortunately didn't affect us as it was a weekend. However, it's not something the hotel mentions online or at check-in, so beware!	
Oct 29 2008 	mixed bag	I stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge for three nights. While I booked an Executive Room on the Hilton website I was only offered a room on a standard floor as the hotel apparently does not have a smoking room on the 9th floor. The hotel is relatively new but unfortunately the room showed already signs of wear and tear. The worktop had water stains and scratches and the wall had a significant stain on it, it also featured a tiny LCD TV. The Executive Lounge is adequate but does fill up quickly. The food selection is limited but the beverages are fine. The rate included breakfast which was a good assortment of hot and cold options. Staff were largely friendly but at check in the staff were totally unfamiliar with the rate (and the attached perks i.e. late check out). It struck me as most peculiar that the turn down service would remove uneaten chocolates from the previous day. Apparently customers are only to have one at any given time. All in all the Hilton London Tower Bridge is a well designed hotel, especially the common areas. The rooms are relatively small and but feature the usual array of facilities. The bed is not the biggest but adequate. The bathroom was well stocked and modern (but even here things were starting to fall apart). £ 15 per day for internet access is a complete rip off, so is the mini bar. Service was limited with no luggage service on offer at check in.Would I stay here again? Probably not as there are better, cheaper and more central options available.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great Weekend Getaway	Stayed here for a weekend with my partner, and we were very impressed. The hotels exterior is very modern and the interior decorating is very impressive. The staff were also very helpful and couldn't do enough for you.We checked in three hours early so were very happy when we were offered a room to check in to. The room we ended up with was a disabled room, as we were given the option of this or a smoking room. Our room was very clean and well laid out, the curtains were really good as they blocked out nearly all noise and light. The only problem i had was with the bathroom which in some places looked like it hadn't been cleaned properly.In terms of location, the hotel is very central to quite a lot, it is about a two minute walk to London Bridge tube station which runs the Jubilee line which we used to get nearly everywhere...very handy!!The breakfast was we felt quite overpriced but right across from the hotel there was a cafe (cafe Amore) which did a GREAT bacon roll for £3.50.We loved the Hilton Tower Bridge and really enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 27 2008 	Weekend Break with partner	Booked a two night stay over a weekend direct with the hotel.Fantastic stay on every account! Easy, brisk check in. Superb room and a very good breakfast which set us off for the day both times. Reasonably priced as booked non-flexible room as knew we would definatly be going that weekend.Didnt use the restaurant as often with chain hotels meals are pricey compared to surroundings.All in all an excellent stay.	
Oct 26 2008 	Brilliant Break	Stayed here for two nights and wished we could have stayed longer. Fast check even though we were 3 hours early our room was ready. Room modern and very clean, toiletries in the bathroom to die for! Only one little complaint that there was only one english tea t-bag on the complimentary tray, 10 other t-bags were all herbal ones! Breakast was very good all waiters very attentive as were all the staff. We found the location good, tube only 5 mins away. Although hotel seemed quite busy did not hear any other guests when in our room. Would definately go back.	
Oct 13 2008	Great Hotel	I used some of my Hilton Honors points to stay here for 3 nights in October. I was put on the Executive floor with full access to the Executive Lounge. The hotel has a very modern interior design and the rooms are very nice. I have seen many Hilton Executive Lounges and this may have been the best yet. The food was tasty and the lounge was a pleasant place to just hang out. Two computers were available for all guests to use. The location of the hotel is good, not great. As you might suspect, you can walk to the Tower Bridge and the Tower of London on the north bank. A tube station is a short 5 minute walk away. The little Thai restaurant across the street was also quite tasty.	
Oct 12 2008 	Slow Service and Overpriced	Stayed at the executive floor for a week, while attending a conference at the same hotel. Check in was slow, but the staff was friendly. I requested for the hotel to bring my luggages to the room but by the time I left my room 15 min later, the luggages have yet to arrive, eventhough it was not a busy season. Ofcourse when I came back in the evening, they have arrived safely.The room was very contemporary, large and comfy. However, the towels were very worn out. I just can't figure out why they don't bother to at least invest in good towels, given the expensive room rates that they are charging. The hotel added a good touch by giving little fridge magnets of famour landmark of London, instead of the usual choc., daily, at the bedside. However, as I stayed there for 1 week, I did end up bringing a lot of magnets home!Had dinner at the restaurant there once and will never go back again, as the food was the worst I had in my entire 2 weeks stay in UK! They also mixed up our order and the food arrived very late. The service was also generally very slow and the staff were not attentive. On the final day when I checked out, again, the staff took forever to bring my luggages to the counter! Location-wise, it is not so suitable for tourist eventhough there is a tube station nearby. I'd rather stay somewhere nearer towards Marble Arch area, as the hotel is located at the biz district. It is rather quiet at night, with limited activities to do.	
Oct 9 2008 	Silver Wedding Break	Stayed for our 25th Wedding Anniversary the hotel gave us a free upgrade to an exec room.The staff were an absolute pleasure,always courteous and extremely helpful.The room was perfect.The location for Tower Bridge,Millennium Wheel Tate Modern etc.was spot on,we even walked to Covent Garden by the river.Overall a pleasure to stay at this hotel.We will go back.	
Oct 9 2008 	Modern clean and good service	Enjoyed a one night stay at this new Hilton. Service was excellent from all staff. We had to pay extra for the breakfast, but it was worth it. Great pancakes! Lovely quiet, modern rooms, although no view of the river or Tower Bridge.	
Oct 3 2008	Good Business Hotel	I stayed here for two nights using my HHonors points. During check-in, I wasn't offered upgrade to executive floor due to lack of vacancy. However, I was offered free breakfast because I am a Gold member.The hotel is located just down the street from London Dungeon. I had originally booked the hotel thinking that it would be a good base to explore the Tower of London and other attractions on the other side of the London. However, time and time I find myself going back to the Trafalgar Square area. There are some shops next to the hotel and as well as a Mark &amp; Spencer market right next door. Tower of London is a quick 15 minutes walk across the bridge.The room itself is very modern looking and clean. The breakfast is great with many selections. If I do visit London again, I probably wouldn't come back here because of the location. But overall, it's still a very nice hotel.	
Sep 30 2008 	Business Hotel with Boutique Feel Wins On Location 	As a dedicated Hilton HHonors member this hotel has become my Hilton of choice in the London area.Location: 5/5. A 5 minute walk from London Bridge tube (subway) and rail station on the Jubilee line. The hotel is an excellent starting for a first visit to the city. London's large and relatively efficient public transit is well known, but this is real a walker's city. For any moderately fit person who enjoys using their feet, many famous sites are all within a 10 to 20 minute stroll west of the hotel, including all the Southbank attractions (Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe, etc). You can walk across the Thames to the Tower of London via the iconic Tower Bridge or to St Paul's Cathedral via the pedestrian Milennium Bridge. There are so many places to eat in this area from Indian to Thai to traditional pubs it's a wonder the hotel restaurant stays in business! A Boots pharmacy/drug store (Hays Galleria) and a Marks &amp; Spencer food outlet are steps from the hotel.Hotel: 5/5A recent multi-million dollar refurbishment (less than 2 years old at the time of this post) has paid off. The strikingly modern and contemporary design of the lobby and rooms gives the property an upscale boutique feel which lessens the bland business ambience of a big name chain hotel.Staff: 4/5Mostly good, hard working young folks for the most part. You will rarely meet any real Londoners at Hilton properties in the city. The company brings these kids in from all over Europe and staff standards can vary. I would say good business standard efficiency with an acceptable degree of warmth probably sums up my experience here.Price/Value: 3/5After such a positive review, you'd think I'd rate this higher, but despite several visits here I still suffer &quot;sticker shock&quot; particularly as a Canadian (dollars to pounds has been around 2:1 the last few years). My foregoing the location, newness and upscale chic feel of this hotel you can save real money staying elsewhere. For Hilton HHonors members try the Hilton Metropole, a short walk from Paddington Station and less expensive the the Hilton Paddington or the also newly refurbished Hilton Kensington. That being said, if you can score a good deal, this is one of the best places to stay in London among the big brand hotels.	
Sep 30 2008	May be a bit Expensive but Go for It It is Really Worth It	This hotel is expensive but it is worth every penny. We were in London for a short break of 4 nights and we wanted a nice hotel near a tube station. The hotel is in a kind of upmarket complex with the following outside the hotel door: 2 fabelous new coffee shops, a lovely marks and spencers, a champagne bar. Accross the road are 2 lovely pubs which is very handy if you just want to pop accross the road for a drink. It is under 5 minutes walk to the tube station - London Bridge is the tube station.The hotel itself I would give 5/5 on every aspect of it. We stayed in a standard room and went for the breakfast package, it worked out at around 260 stg per night including tax and breakfast which is expensive but i'd say you wont regret it if you decide to stay here. The rooms are gorgous, fresh, modern and stylish. The bathrooms are lovely and they give you Evelyn and Crabtree toileteries which are nice, not the usual horrible cheap ass stuff you get in alot of places! The breakfast selection is huge, i mean really good. There are all sorts of healthy options along with your usual fry up stuff. And all the food compartments are constantly stocked up and the restaurant staff like all staff here are super. Great breakfast. There is a cocktail bar in the hotel aswell so you can have a lovely cocktail at teh end of an evening. I would highly recommend this hotel. As I say, expensive but very very good. A lovely pleasant experiene in every way, could not fault anything about it. It may be a bit expensive but if you look at tripadvisor a lot of the more city centre hotels of 4 or 5 star are nearly as expensive and have not great reviews. this is genuine good value for money. You get everything you pay for here.	
Sep 24 2008 	Cool new hotel	Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status.This was my favorite of the four. Cool sleek design, very corporate now look and clean...like German clean. Although the hotel was full, it was an oasis of calm.The room was typical European size, small, but functional. The bed was comfortable. Since the rooms are smaller than the typical American room, we had twin beds. A bit tough with my 6'4&quot; frame, but nonetheless adequate. The gym is o.k. You need to get an extra key that lasts only 24 hours from either the Executive or front desk. Did not try the restaurant, as there are several upscale options in the area. During the weekend, it was very quiet since the office buildings were closed. It is located about a 3 minute walk from the Tube station. It is walkable to Vinopolis, the Tate Modern, Southwark Cathedral and of course Tower Bridge. Very nice stroll along the southside of the Thames even in February. The upgrade to the Executive Level was particularly sweet as the self-pour drinks saved us a bunch of cash and from the very weakly-poured (I guess normal pour) European drinks. Breakfast was adequate with a nice continental selection and one warm dish.	
Sep 23 2008 	Loved it loved it loved!	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge and we can not recommend it enough.As it was my birthday during the stay they upgraded our room for free, which gave us access to the executive lounge, where you could help yourself to a fantastic breakfast in the morning, afternoon tea in the afternoon, then drinks on the terrace for 3 hours in the evening. All this was free of charge. we even had complimentary strawberries and melted dark and white chocolate brought to our room for a birthday treat. Staff at this hotel were extremely friendly and couldn’t help enough, they really made you feel at home.Our room was perfect, really spacious, spotlessly clean, we had fresh towels every day and chocolates on our pillows at night. The bed was the most comfortable bed ive even slept on, with plenty of fluffy pillows.The location was also great, only a 2 minutes walk from the tube, London Dungeons, Tower Bridge, London Bridge and Tower of London.All in all this hotel is worth every penny and we will certainly be going back. The Hilton made my birthday a really special one that I will never forget.	
Sep 22 2008	Cool calm chic by Tower Bridge	Despite being from London ourselves, we decided to be tourists for the weekend as a birthday treatWe paid only £120 for a double room including their great buffet breakfast but were upgraded to the executive floor - this was amazing - our room was huge with great city views on the 11th floor and the executive lounge with a range of snacks, soft drinks and even free evening booze with a nice roof terrace was brilliant!The location was perfect for the Tower, City Hall and riverboat services and is behind London Bridge station - great for getting around. We had a lovely long walk along the river to the London Eye past so many tourist attractions - well worth it for visitors to the cityThe hotel is part of the new More London Norman Foster development and was the epitome of cool calm chic with quiet lifts, corridors and low lighting - it was a blissful place to relax in that belied its busy positioning outdoors. If I was a tourist I'd much rather stay here than the West End dives in this price bracket - highly recommended!	
Sep 13 2008	Swanky but not for tourist	We chose this hotel because of the reviews and the location. We were coming from France, so it helped that the hotel was right of the Underground station. It was very expensive (the least expensive rate was over $400 USD), but we thought it would be worth it. However, but did not enjoy our stay here. We requested a double bed, so they gave us a room with two twin beds pushed together. The bed was so uncomfortable, not only because of the hard ridge down the middle created by pushing the beds together, but also because we could feel the springs. This is inexcusable for a hotel charging such high rates. The room was also very noisy, because it was on a low floor that faced the courtyard. We requested a different room the next day and our request was granted. The second room was better, on a higher floor and in a quieter location. The staff was not particularly helpful. The concierge sold us tickets for the Red Bus Tour by telling us we could hop on and off the bus until 10:30pm, and cruise until 7:30pm; but in actuality, the last bus was at 6:30pm and the last cruise was at 4:00pm. We were lucky to get a bus back to the hotel. The tickets for two adults cost $78 USD and we got four rides. Considering the fact that it was a rainy day, we could only use it for about 8 hours, and the bus ran only a couple of times an hour, this was a very bad investment. A regular one day bus pass would have cost around $14 USD, and we would have gotten much better use from it. This is definitely a business class hotel, but not good choice for tourist	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Hotel Great Staff	Really nice hotel, ok location, but great staff and great perksEach day the staff at the hotel exceeded my expectations and helped make my trip to London really nice. They even brought up a birthday cake for my partner.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great place to stay	What a brilliant stay!Excellent location within walking distance of many attractions.Staff friendly and helpful - service excellent.Room was contemporary, clean and of a high standard.Food was good as was the 'famous' Hilton breakfast.Would not hesitate to return here.	
Sep 6 2008 	Nice hotel location not so nice.	I stayed one night in an executive room 6th September. The room was comfortable, quite spacious. Because of the location, the view wasn't anything to write home about. The location is just off Tooley Street, which isn't particularly nice, but I felt safe around there. The executive lounge was nice, free drinks and snacks. A pot of tea in the lobby bar was £3.50, but you could make as much as you wanted in the lounge. The internet access was free in the lounge too, but £15 an hour in the room. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and I had a great nights sleep. The bathroom was fine, but seemed rather cold and I couldn't find any way of heating it. Breakfast was buffet style, including in the room rate and was very good. A nice example of a Hilton hotel.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fab new hotel	This is a new hotel close to London Bridge railway station and not far from Tower Bridge.The hotel is very modern with great rooms in a contemporary style with fabulous bathrooms.I stayed here on a Friday evening and took in dinner (which was great) then headed out for a show. On my return I enjoyed a night cap in the bar and the following morning the breakfast was excellent.	
Aug 30 2008	Every thing it said it was - Great	My trip of the UK continues. We have come from Cornwall to Devon to The Cotswolds now the gigantic leap to London.We are doing all the sights , all the shows and as many restaurants as we can. By staying at the Tower Hotel you can't do any better. Convenient for everything , clean, spacious room and staff who not only can help but seem to enjoy helping as well.Staying in London ? Then this has to be the place.	
Aug 29 2008 	Will go there again	This is a nice clean hotel and the area is not one i would normally stay in in London but it proved to be very good. The hotel has nice modern quite spacious rooms. Good public areas such as lounges and dining, and is a very good price. They do great deals for kids in adjoining rooms which makes them very competitively priced for families. If you want to be near the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, the Imperial War Museum, HMS Belfast, The Globe, St Pauls and the Tate Modern you should consider this hotel. It is genuinely good. There are good places to eat in the immediate vicnity and it is close enough to the tube and main line rail at London bridge and is close to water taxi's. I will go back. The one issue i had was that there was an annoying whistling from the pipes in the bathroom, but they gave me a complimentary upgrade the next time i go. Normally i would not care but i will go back and definitely take advantage of this as the hotel would be one i would be happy to stay in, even if they charged more money than i paid. Enough said!	
Aug 27 2008 	Loved the Hilton	I stayed here on the night of my birthday and had a wonderful experience - the location is ideal for those seeking close proximity to tourist attractions, bars and restaurants - the room was great and the contemporary but comfortable surroundings enhanced our stay. We stayed in an executive room and my parents in a standard room - both were the same! with the exception of the floor level (we were higher) it is fair to say that we did not have enough of a 'view' to warrant the higher price. Breakfast was a little disappointing when we discovered we were unable to sit in the executive restaurant and unable to go to the main restaurant?! The situation was resolved but was uncomfortable to say the least, however this is the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting London and would return without question	
Aug 24 2008 	Fabulous stay	My husband and I were in London for his business. We had two nights of holiday and used Hilton points because the U.S. dollar doesn't buy as much in the U.K. right now. Because of reviews on Trip Advisor, we chose this Hilton. I'm so glad we did! The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. They upgraded us to the executive level, where breakfast and other perks were included, even though we paid nothing for the room. They even sent a letter to our home, thanking us for staying. The location was near bus stops and the London Bridge station and underground. Also easy walking distance to the Tower Bridge and in the other direction, the Globe Theatre and the Millennium Bridge. Our room was large and comfortable, and overall, this was one of the nicest bits of our London holiday.	
Aug 20 2008 	Great Stay	I cannot praise this hotel highly enough. Fantastic location, just around the corner from London Bridge. Friendly and helpful staff, beautiful reception / lounge area, modern decor which was very appealing. Room itself was well fitted and furnished, and my wife loved the crabtree &amp; evelyn toiletries. We were dinner bed and breakfast, and the food was excellent. Great choice, piping hot and very tasty. Serving staff were very pleasant in both the restaurant and the lounge bar, free popcorn made the pricey drinks slightly more bearable, but hey, we were in the centre of London!Will not stay anywhere else on any future trips to London.	
Aug 18 2008 	Beautful Contemporary Hotel - would return!	We stayed at this lovely hotel for a 2 night break at the end of July. The hotel looks fairly new and the rooms and bar area are very contemporary and nicely furnished. The location was good just a short stroll from the London Dungeon and the tube station. Breakfast was the usual Hilton buffet with lots of choice. We were on a dinner first night package but as we had a theatre booking we were offered a £15 pp credit for room service or dinner the next night which I thought was a nice touch however we were already booked for one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. The room service was very prompt but the roast beef sandwich was not good. The staff in general were very friendly and helpful and we would definitely stay here again if we were in London.	
Aug 15 2008 	Unfriendly staff	Stayed here for one night with business colleagues. Nothing special and wouldn't come back. No character or atmosphere to this hotel and definitely not a five star. The staff were very brusque, cold and unfriendly, was really treated like a pleb (I think this is because I was part of a group). The rooms were OK, but the usual chintzy affair and sachets of freeze dried coffee etc - awful. I had a view of a flat rooftop which was uninspiring. The restaurant both for dinner and breakfast was pretty standard.Nothing special and wouldn't come back.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fabulous weekend break	Just returned from a weekend break at this hotel and I can't praise it highly enough. We were travelling with my parents who are retired and this was partly a celebration of their wedding anniversary. From the time of booking everything was handled very professionally by the hotel. I called a few days before to confirm the arrangements and mentioned that it was a special occasion for my parents and they said they would arrange a few extra treats for their room. On arrival the receptionist told us that my parents had been upgraded to an executive room and checked to see if myself and partner could also be upgraded which we were! This allowed all of us access to the Executive Lounge with complimementary drinks and canapes in the evening. The rooms are spacious, stylish and comfortable with high quality toiletries. The breakfast and dinner were both excellent with a large choice of dishes. All the staff, from check-in, to waitng staff and concierge could not have been more welcoming of helpful. I have stayed in quite a few Hiltons and this was my best experience so far.	
Jul 27 2008	Loved it: great location contemporary rooms polite staff	We are just back from a two night stay at the Tower Bridge Hilton and had a great time.The hotel is smart, modern, clean and easy to get to and from, with London Bridge station just 5 minutes walk away. We travelled w/ 2 kids and got a more spacious corner room w/ 2 extra beds and King Bed and beautiful bath room. Great location so close to tower Bridge and the board walk along the river Thames w/ upscale restaurants and bars ~ great views in the night at the Tower Bridge The staff was friendly and attentive and we were very happy with our choice . Woudl love to stay here again....	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved everything about this hotel	After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, we booked this hotel &amp; I was sure glad we did, hotel is fantastic.Check in was straight forward, we were welcomed to the hotel &amp; as it was a birthday we were there to celebrate,they said there would be a surprise delivered to room &amp; within a half hour a birthday cake &amp; card was delivered to the room, I thought this was such a nice gesture from the hotel. Room was lovely, good size, beautifully decorated, very modern &amp; stylist. Bed was really comfortable &amp; the room &amp; bathroom were spotless. We got room service on the first night &amp; it was lovely &amp; the breakfast was great in the morning, very good selection in a very stylist dining area. The location of this hotel is great, the London Bridge Tube station &amp; a stop for the hop off, hop on bus is a short walk from hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel &amp; we will definitely be returning.	
Jul 16 2008 	No Problems decor is funny	If you need to be in this area of London, this is a great hotel. Not far from the London Bridge Tube Station.The room was perfect, clean (actually spotless) and quite large, especially for London.I think it's so funny that this hotel was decorated in the early 90's when minimalizm was HOT. The rooms were probably fantastic at the time, now they are just odd. Time to throw a pillow on the chair and some flowers on the desk!Nonetheless, clean, great staff, great lounge, good location, huge room, comfy bed. I'd stay here again.	
Jul 13 2008	Simply Stunning	This Hilton was the best I've ever stayed at. The interior decorating was very contemporary, very sharp. The location made for very convienient traveling as well.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good hotel for the city	W e booked a 1 night stay via the Hilton website for £99 for a standard room. On arrival we were upgrade to the executive floor and offered a late check out. Receptionist was very friendly.The room was very new and spotless (on the 11th floor) and although we did not have a view the room was great. Turndown service was the most thorough we have experienced in a long time.Executive lounge was nice (the outside terrace was lovely even better if the weather had been nice) and breakfast the next day was good.Overall for the bargin price this hotel was wonderful really good location 5 minutes from London bridge and train station. Would definately stay and recommend this hotel again (if only London Heathrow Hilton could be like this!)It was a pleasure to stay in and we left a comment card stating this and the manager of the hotel wrote back thanking us for our time and comments within 3 days - it shows they care!	
Jul 3 2008 	My Birthday!!	Spent 3 nights here for my birthday with my girlfriend in may and would defintely recommend this hotel. From the moment we checked in the staff were always making sure that our stay was a pleasant one. I always found the staff extremely helpful and would always give you a smile and chat to make sure you were enjoying your stay.Stayed in the executive room and was very happy with it. Very large room with plenty of clothing space and the bathroom had sperate shower and bath and of course the complimentry toiletrees. TV wasn't the biggest but sure you can't have everything and was hardly staying there to watch tele.Had dinner the 1st night we stayed there which happened to be a buffett style meal which offered a good choice of food for everyone's taste.Since we were on the executive floor we had access to the executive lounge where we were able to get breakfast every morning and i must say they had a great selection of food and drink to choose from. They also had various newspapers and free internet use in the lounge as well.The hotel is in a good location 2mins walk from Tower Bridge Tube station (exit the station turn right). Also a couple of mins to HMS Belfast on the Thames.London Dungeon's is also a few minutes from the hotel (it's beside Tower Bridge Tube station) and across the road from that is a couple of the London sightseeing bus tours.All in all the Hilton London Tower Bridge is a lovely hotel with a very dedicated, professional and friendly staff and i would certainly return to this hotel in the future.	
Jun 30 2008 	Unquestionably classy	Nice and central location between modern buildings and vith a nice view on the river Thames.Clean and recommanded for ayou or for a nice surprise.	
Jun 18 2008 	Best choice	Guided by the reviews on this web site, I chose this Hilton hotel to spend HHonors points for 3 nights. I must say, all reviewers are right! It is a very good hotel (even if not compared to London standards), it is managed efficiently. The interiour is still new, room size good, size of bath room very good. On the down side: only one comparetively small window with curtains that cannot be pulled away. So not a lot of day light brightens up the otherwise dark (functional, modern and still nice) interior. Thus, the interior is not suggestive of a cosy room, but it worked very well. Hotel staff is very polite, consistently attentive and fast, breakfast presentation and choice is outstanding, hotel location is convenient to London Bridge underground station and allows nice walks on the south bank of Thames river. The bar staff was less attentive. I did not manage to order a drink after 10 minutes, so we left.I felt I got a lot back for my HHonors points! (There was no upgrade available due to my gold status, but free English breakfast was offered instead. I also felt that the &quot;gold status issue&quot; was well delt with.)	
Jun 12 2008 	Boyfriends Birthday	My boyfriend and i have just returned from London for his Birthday. The hotel was fantastic and staff cudnt of done anymore to help. Iemailed the hotel before we went to say we were coming to stay for Boyfriends Birthday i recieved an email back from them to say they had upgraded us to exceutive floor. When we got into are room it was lovely with welcoming sweets after about 10mins the door went and it was 2 members of staff with a birthday cake for my Boyfriend and they sang happy birthday aswell!!!!The room was great and bed clothes were turned down every nite with sweets put on pillow.Room was cleaned every morning aswell.As we were upgraded to exceutive floor we could use exceutive lounge which provided food and drinks all day and had free cocktail drinks and beer from 6 to 8pm.We ate at hotel on the first nite food was graet with a gud selection to choose from.overall the experience at this hotel was fantastic.	
Jun 7 2008 	great design review	stayed here with work on a design trip. picked the hotel for its design and a good weeked rate - was not disapointed.Check in was swift and before time allowed, rooms were ready. Building site next door but did not interfere with our stay. Staff VERY polite and helpfull (cheeky also when some of our party arrived back at 3.00am.!!!)The food is very high standard, level of service also very high and location very good for tube station &amp; London bridge.Very modern contemporary hotel.Down side would be the cost of the drinks at the bar -okay if you are on expenses but London prices I suppose.Would I recomed this hotel - already have and would again.	
Jun 4 2008 	FANTASTIC!!!!	We stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge for the second time in May 08 and it was a great experience again. For me the hotel is faultless. The location is great, restaurant is brilliant (breakfast has the best and most varied selection of food of any hotel I have stayed at... and I have stayed at alot), rooms are very comfortable and a good size for central London, staff are pleasant and efficient and the overall feel and decor of the hotel is very modern, clean and comfortable.Compared to other hotels which cost alot more in London, this is an absoloute bargain if you can get one of Hiltons deals. We paid the same for 2 nights bed and breakfast inc meal on the first evening for the cost of a room only at other 4 star London Hotels.We were also lucky enough to receive an upgrade to the Executive Floor which had access to private Exeuctive Lounge and roof terrace, afternoon tea and evening cocktails.We had a wonderfull stay and I can't compliment the hotel, staff and management enough! We won't consider anywhere else next time we stay in London.	
May 28 2008 	Fabulous!	I have just returned from a 3 day stay here and I wish I was still there! The hotel is gorgeous - modern, stylish and comfortable. The room was fab, I loved the decor and the bed was SO comfy! The staff were friendly and helpful. It is minutes from London bridge tube but it is only a few minutes walk to tower bridge which you can walk over and past the tower of london to get to Tower Hill tube which is a much more scenic and interesting way of doing things! There are stylish bars and restaurants near the hotel and so are the London Dungeons which I love! I would go there over the Tower of London anyday! The bathrooms are great too, modern and immaculate. There is a gym on the third floor and a stylish longe on the ground floor. I would go there again tomorrow if I could!	
May 23 2008 	Overstyled overpriced overrated	You'd think by reading some of the reviews that this is the best hotel in London.It's not.That's not to say it is a bad hotel; it is new, so the rooms look neat, although so much attention has gone into the style, little thought had gone into the function. Only one power socket at the desk, for instance. The lights in the room were funky, but the various controls scattered around the room made what most people want to do - turn the lights on, or off, actually quite difficult. The aircon wasn't intuitive, either; you have to set it relative to the room temperature, rather than setting an absolute value.Lobby / Bar / Restaurant is openplan, no chance of a quiet drink in the corner.Staff were universally friendly and efficient.Its location is convenient for London Bridge tube (Northern &amp; Jubilee), and for Tower Bridge. It's not an area I found well-served by buses.It's a good Hilton. But it's still a Hilton.	
May 17 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Location	My husband and I recently spent a couple days in London. Prior to booking a hotel, I poured over hotel reviews - remembering the mistake I made the last time we went to London. The Hilton Tower Bridge hotel got great reviews so I thought we would give it a try. We loved this hotel! The room was smallish, but pretty standard for London and not too small. It was clean and modern. The bathroom was beautiful, too. The only thing I would liked to have seen different was there was no outlet in the bathroom for the hair dryer. There was only a shaver port (which explicitly stated it was only for shavers). No biggie, I dried my hair in the main room.We also got really good service while we were there. The front desk staff were a little hard to understand, but we managed ok. The rest of the staff we encountered we could understand fine.The restaurant was ok, not great, but we were in London and there are plenty of wonderful restaurants in the area, including a really small Thai restaurant right across the street that was quite good.We both liked the bar and relaxed there both nights after going out and about.The hotel is right by the River Thames and you get a great view of Tower Bridge from right there. I can't say enough about the location. It's fantastic. We're definitely staying there again for our next trip to London.	
May 11 2008 	I loved this place!	Of all the Hilton location in London, I'd say that this is the one that probably offers the best value (more expensive than some others but worth it).Being in the London Tower area, this Hilton is a little bit outside the main tourist area - which is still easily accessible via the Tube (London Bridge station located less than 5 minutes from the hotel gives you access to the Jubilee and Northern lines)This place is only a few years old and has a very modern look and feel. My room had a partial view of the Tower Bridge (which may not be the case in teh future as they are putting up a new tower just in front) and I also had access to the executive lounge. For those of you who have lounge access or decide to pay to get access to exec floor, I'd say that this is well worth it. Good selection or hors-d'oeuvre and drinks in the evening and fine continental breakfast in the morning. You also have access to two computers which may come in handy given the price of the internet at this (and most other) hotel location.The room was of a fairly good size and extremely clean.I had breakfast and dinner at their main restaurant (one occasion each) as it was included in my rate and would rate both as above average (dinner was dinner buffet) and probably fairly priced for London (but as with most things in London, pricey for North Americans).The main lobby was very busy on both Friday and Saturday night - it seemed to be a very ''in'' place and as such, I may not recommend it to those looking for a quiet place to stay (although you could not hear anything while in your room).	
May 9 2008 	First choice for overnight/ weekend stay	My husband and I stayed here last weekend on an impromptu visit to the NFT. Got a great last minute deal and booked largely due to location. It is well situated by the river with good bars and restaurants nearby and within a 15 -20 min walk or short taxi ride to the cultural centre. We were able to take advantage of a pleasant stroll down the bank back to the hotel after our evening out.Our standard twin room was very large and airy by London standards with modern ,good quality ,fittings and fixtures. Good size bathroom with all neccesary facilities and comfy beds.We used the downstairs bar which was very modern and busy with a good mixed crowd and atmosphere. Drinks were reasonable for London.The breakfast in the morning was fantastic with a great choice to suit anyone including those with special dietary needs.In short a very happy experience which we will be taking advantage of again.	
May 1 2008 	Nice modern hotel in good location	Stayed for 10 days on business. Was well located to office and meeting locations. Good tube access.Service was pretty good and responsive.Could do with a bigger room service menu with a few more simple, traditional favourites. Food was very good overall.Internet price very high.	
Apr 27 2008 	Outstanding	We stayed here 25-27th April and it is without doubt the best hotel we have stayed in within London. Hotel is modern and stylish, and nothing is too much for the staff. We were made to feel completely welcome. As many reviewers have mentioned the location is great ... near the river with loads of bars etc near by. Butlers Wharf is well worth the short walk, check out the Bridge Bar and the Chop house. Walk the other way and there's Borough Market and Vineopolis.Would we recommend this hotel ... absolutely. We've already booked in our parents for their anniversary !!!	
Apr 26 2008 	Better than average Hilton	This is the nicest Hilton I think i have stayed in over the years. We got a nice double room which was spacious and comfortable. The décor has a nice modern feel to it and the room had been cleaned very thoroughly.When we first arrived we found the TV wasn't working, so we called down and they sent someone straight up to fix the problem.The location is excellent for the that part of the city, and there is alot to see.	
Apr 23 2008 	Would recommend this hotel	My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at this hotel and I must say we would certainly recommend it for a stay in London. It is a few minutes walk to Tower Bridge and St. Catherines Docks. The room was clean and very comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. London Dungeon, London Bridge Experience, Churchills War Experience and the Clink are all a few minutes walk away, ideal if you are staying with children. Lots of bars and restaurants nearby to suit every taste.We will definitely stay here again when visiting London.	
Apr 16 2008	Nice Hotel in a great location!	We stayed here from Dec. 30 thru Jan. 1st. New Year's Eve was awesome, just being in the city at this time was electric! There was ice skating at the Tower during these days. Very nicely done.Walking around the area of the hotel feels safe. The hotel is a three-minute walk to the boardwalk, which is a short distance to the Tower Bridge. Horniman on Hays is a great place to eat on the boardwalk, order at the bar if you eat downstairs. There is wait staff upstairs, but not down. Crazy; but good food and atmosphere! The Hilton, Tower Bridge hotel is very modern and the rooms and bathrooms are very spacious! Plenty of storage space. Room-service was great, no complaints. The concierge went beyond the call of duty for us; recommending restaurants and making reservations for us; even after we checked out, we called to get directions and the staff was very helpful! The Hilton Tower Bridge hotel is right down the street from The Dungeon and two red-tour bus stops. There is also a pharmacy and great restaurants near by. I would stay here again and I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 15 2008 	Really fantastic	This hotel is in an excellent location for visiting London and the tube is just a short walk away on the same street. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is very new and modern - it has a boutique feel to it. There is plenty of choice for breakfast, although it does cost £21 if it's not included in your price, which is a bit steep. There are 3 or 4 cafes, aswell as an M&amp;S food shop, across from the hotel that you could eat breakfast in. Would recommend this hotel without a doubt.	
Apr 14 2008 	Modern Hilton in good location	I stay in this area pretty regularly and this is the best hotel in the area, it is always very fast to fill up and can be difficult to get a resevation during the week. Rooms are nice and modern and the ones towards the front of the building have lovely views. Nice wlaks along the river and views of tower bridge and tower of london. Space is pretty limited in the hotel and as such 'usual' 4/5 star extras are limited. (Gym etc.) Restraunt is good but bit over priced for breakfast. Nicer coffee houses in surrounding buildings that are better value. If you can get to the executive floors on the upper floors it is well worth the extra money as superior rooms/view.	
Apr 11 2008 	Amazing stay	This hotel has to be the best hotel I have stayed in, in London!!! I have stayed in this hotel many times over the last two years. By far the best customer service I've ever had. It is in a wonderful location, with fabulous views of London Tower Bridge. It is a short walk from some fabulous restaurants, its setting is delightful in hte evenings. The Lonon tower bridge tube station is a 30 second walk from the hotel. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The cleanliness of the rooms are spot on. I would reccomend this hotel without a question of doubt.	
Apr 10 2008 	Modern clean convenient 	My brief review of this hotel reflects the accolades that have previously appeared. It is certainly one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in and a particular treasure to be found in central London. Spotlessly clean, not too big to be impersonal, staff who are both friendly and helpful and, (at a weekend at least), bookable at rates that do not bring tears to your eyes. The one dinner we had was from a good choice, nicely presented on hot plates where appropriate ! Breakfast excellent. In position it is very convenient for bus train and tube with some famous London sights within easy walking distance - including the spectacular City Hall.	
Apr 7 2008	Wonderful stay - just wish it had been longer!	This is easily the best hotel I've ever stayed at in London - the staff are professional and courteous - even the cleaners smile and say hello to you in the corridor like they mean it - the building is wonderful - modern, airy and well located - and our &quot;standard&quot; room was anything but - it was huge, with a completely dreamy kingsize bed I did not want to get out of! Nice toiletries in the bathroom, spacious bathroom with fantastic shower/bath combo and plenty of lovely thick white towels added to our enjoyment. Didn't eat in the restaurant, but enjoyed very good cocktails in the bar. I'd find it hard to fault this hotel on any level. Recommended.	
Apr 3 2008 	London 2nt break	We had a lovely 2nt stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge - lovely big room/very modern. Very fast checkin - very clean hotelWe were 2mins from HMS Belfast hmsbelfast.iwm.org.uk - 5mins from Tower Bridge - 10mins from the http://www.hrp.org.uk/TowerOfLondon/ - 5mins from the London Dungeons - 5mins from the Tower bridge tube station Tip for breakfast ( fuzzy grub ) just across the street from the Hilton, proper breakfast at less than half the price of the Hilton.Great shops near by for quick snacksjj......	
Mar 29 2008 	Great for Business Travellers	I was in London on Business and stayed at the Hilton London Bridge. It is a very nice hotel if you are there on business. It is located in a business district. But it is also right on the walkway along the Thames and across the street from the Tower of London and next to the Tower Bridge - believe me, I got to look at both all day but never had time to visit them!! There is a little shopping area called Hays Galleria and several eateries within walking distance. It is also very near the Hop on Hop off tour and London Bridge tube station. The embiance though is for business travellers. I can't imagine seeing too many children running around this hotel nor would they enjoy it much. Teens might be okay but I didn't see any of them either. The restaurant is just okay and VERY expensive. I would opt to go out to Cafe Amore or Marks and Spencer to eat or take the tube to a completely different part of town. All in all though, nice hotel and the bed was dreamy to say the least! The room was extremely clean but the bathroom had one of those showers that just comes out of the wall and you are standing in the middle of the bathroom taking a shower - no stall at all...that bugged me a bit. There was a nice hair dryer and a pretty big safe too.	
Mar 27 2008 	Great Location Great hotel	The london tower bridge was our first stop on our European vacation and it didn't disappoint. It was very well located in the city, right in between London Bridge and Tower Bridge. You can see tower bridge from right outside the hotel although not from the rooms, at least the ones we had. The hotel is about 2-3 blocks from the nearest tube station (London Bridge station) and is an easy walk to grab the tube and get virtually anywhere in the city in about 15 min. When using the tube make sure to go out the exit toward Tooley street, there are several tube exits and the other exits will cause you to walk much farther. The hotel itself is very modern and clean, rooms are spacious and bathrooms are great with the half shower door/tub combo typical in Europe. Breakfast is not included and goes for about 22 pounds a person, a bit pricey in my book but there is a great bagel and coffee shop right across the way. The hotel does get a lot of &quot;business&quot; type travelers and you will see meetings going on in the lobbies and conferences etc... but this didn't bother us a bit, however if you are looking for a quaint undiscovered hole in the wall with no business traffic I would suggest elsewhere. If you want a great modern clean place to stay in London in a great location I would definately reccommend the Hilton Tower Bridge.	
Mar 22 2008 	lovely hotel	I booked this hotel to celebrate with my family my fathers 70 birthday. We all had a fab time. The hotel is close to all the attractions especially the maritime museum which my father particularly wanted to see. It was easy to get to on the tube and docklands railway. The buffet evening meal was nice and they did cook speciifc food for my partner as he is a very fussy eater! Had a great cruise down the river from Grenwich to tower bridge on a beautiful day.	
Mar 18 2008 	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed for a two night break at this hotel and i must say for a London hotel it was spacious and the staff were extremely helpful and attentive. As a Hilton Diamond Member we were upgraded to the Exec floor. The staff in the lounge were amazingly helpful, it was actually a pleasure to have staff who actually considered customer service as a priority - Well Done Hilton Tower Bridge.The rooms were very well appointed, bed very comfortable, bathroom was a little cramped in places, but the bath and seperate shower was nice.It was extremely quiet, even though there was building work outside next to the hotel we didnt hear a thing.The Exec lounge was actually quite small and got very busy between 6 - 8pm, but the range of beverages offered was very good. As were the breakfasts in the morning.The area outside the hotel also seemed very nice, some parts of London arent the best but walking round here late at night coming back from the restaurants did not seem a problem.All in all a good hotel and well priced from Hilton.com, £100 per night. OK your not in the centre of London, but you are on the Thames and 10 minute tube ride away from the West End, or walk across Tower Bridge (Looks lovely lit up at night) and you are not that far from Leicster square (4 stops on the tube). It is now my preffered London Hotel	
Mar 13 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at Hilton London Bridge for two nights in Feb. Excellent location for getting to any of the sights/shops as only a few minutes walk from London Bridge station and approx 30 minutes walk along the river to the London eye.Stayed in an executive room which was one of the best so far. The executive suite was comfortable and staff friendly.Only a couple of issues. Drain type smell in the corridors was a bit off putting and the restaurant was not the best. Would definately recommend staying here but take advantage of the many good restaurants London has to offer.	
Mar 11 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed for a one night stay on a Sat night. Great Hotel, very modern,clean &amp; spacy. Had a room on 9th floor. Great executive Lounge with Roof terace overlooking London...	
Feb 24 2008 	What a great hotel for a great price!	We booked a top secret hotel through lastminute and we were worried when we realised it was a Hilton. We have stayed in a few Hiltons and have always been hugely disappointed and vowed never to return to one again.However, we were so surprised. The hotel was only built in 2006 and so, is very modern. The decor is very tasteful and our room was lovely. Flat screen telly was nice. Although modern it wasn't cold feeling but very warm and comfortable. Very comfortable bed and the staff were polite and courteous. We didn't use the bar but it looked very appealing as a place to have a drink and unwind or as a build up to a night on the town. Its proximity to the Thames was a bonus. The view from our room was not anything special but that really didn't matter.We would definitely stay here again......and at £63.........well you can't get better than that in London!!!! Bargain!!!!	
Feb 17 2008	beware of constuction	LONDON TOWER BRIDGE HILTON FEB 9TH THRU 11THwe stayed here expecting a view of the thames, not!!! no water view period , irregardless of all room locations. all the rooms are identical, clean , and windows open and bathrooms are good size. we were bumped up from the 6th floor to the 10th floor. the significants of being on the the 10th floor allowed us to enjoy the executive suite on the 9th floor. there is a terrace ,flat screen, free breake and drinks snacks etc. make it a point to varify level of constuction. no constuction due to the wked for us(building a car park within a nats *** of the hilton) use it as leverage,as they did'nt inform us (expedia). tower bridge tube very close ,tower bridge and of coure thames and its attractions... good luck...ev cheers	
Feb 16 2008 	Daughters Birthday	Decided at the last minute to take my daughter to London for her 12 birthday. Found this hotel for 200.00 cdn dollars a night, which turns out was a bargin. Hotel staff were fantastic and I loved the location(close to the tube) Would recommend this hotel to everyone. My only minor complaint is food at the hotel and mini bar is very expensive, but there is alot of cheap food options very close by.	
Feb 4 2008 	One of the best Hiltons I've stayed at!	I stayed here for one night with my other half on a leisure weekend break. This is a funky Hilton hotel (if you have only always stayed in those with curled carpets, you're in for a shock), very modern decor all through-out the hotel and by far my favourite in London. The lobby and the lobby bar are fun and the rooms follow the same modern style. The bed is very comfy. We were upgraded to the Executive floor and got a nice room. The lounge was nice and they offered complimentary drinks and snacks in the evening and continental breakfast in the morning. And all staff we met were nice as well. I'd go back, definitely!	
Feb 3 2008 	Excellent Hilton	Hilton Hotels can be very variable in quality and standard but this Hilton is one of the best we have stayed in.We visited this hotel both on business and pleasure. It is an excellent hotel situated in an interesting area of London. The staff are friendly, helpful and well trained. Rooms are well designed and appointed. Bathrooms are spacious and Crabree &amp; Evelyn toiletries provided are very acceptable. London Bridge underground is conveniently nearby. The hotel is convenient to Gatwick airport- 1 hour (Gatwick Express and Tube). The food is excellent and joy of joys breakfast is served to 10.30am on weekdays and 11am at weekends which is such a bonus. Drinks at the bar are expensive,There are very nice walks around this area which has ultra modern buildings and architecture. Overall a very pleasant experience	
Jan 21 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This really is a very good hotel.The room was stylish and spacious, as was the bathroom which came with a good range of toiletries. The bed was extremely comfortable. All the furnishings were top notch and everything worked.We had one evening meal which came as part of the package and it was very good. Although it was served buffet style, the somewhat restricted choice meant that nothing hung around too long. Everything looked fresh and appetizing; the antipasti starters in particular were excellent. Breakfast was also OK, good choice of fruit, the usual array of hot food, wide range of good bread and decent coffee. I was particularly impressed with the staff, nothing seemed too much trouble. One of the waiters actually took time at breakfast on one of the mornings just to ask me if everything was OK. I think that’s a first. They also seemed to have enough people, no endless waits trying to attract someone’s attention for more coffee or whatever (which happens all too often at hotels these days). There was always someone around. Generally, the hotel had a calm efficient air and everything was pristine, the toilets were spotless and not a speck of dust on the carpets. All excellent stuff, it’s obviously well managed.Finally, the location, a couple of minutes walk from the Thames is very handy. There’s a decent pub just to the left of HMS Belfast. Their outdoor terrace has great views across the river to the city and Tower Bridge. It’s a good place to start or finish up the evening. There’s an excellent Thai restaurant just beyond that and many others including an Argentinean, in the opposite direction towards Tower Bridge.London Bridge underground station is quite close and there’s also a very useful bus (RV1) which runs every few minutes to Covent Garden. The stop is just before the station (outside London Dungeon) and the journey only costs 99p with an Oyster Card.On our next trip to London, I don’t think I’d consider anywhere else.	
Jan 12 2008 	Smart 	This is an excellent hotel, very modern, pleasant staff and a fantastic restaurant. situated just back from the Thames near the HMS Belfast, the rooms are large and very modern. The meals in the hotel was exceptional, especially as it came in with thne price of the weekend. Breakfast is buffet style with a great choice of English and Continental. The drinks are reasonaby priced but watch out for the extra charge to carry it to your table. The staff are lovely and helpful nothing is too much trouble, i would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 14 2007 	Comfortable and Close for Business	I have stayed here on several occasions in the last few months. The hotel is a recent new build. It is convenient for access to the financial district, although it's on the south bank of the River Thames so a short walk, taxi or underground train ride is needed. The underground can be accessed at London Bridge which is a few minutes away. Be warned though, it can be difficult to get on a northbound train in a weekday morning due to overcrowding.The hotel itself is quiet, comfortable and has a &quot;designer&quot; feel to it. However the colour scheme is quite dark and slightly oppressive. I've stayed in both standard and executive rooms and they were both clean and well appointed. The standard rooms were quite small by some standards. The executive room was larger and on a corridor with a curve in it, so with one curved wall it was a pleasant change from the normal oblong room layout. The executive room also has a seperate shower cubicle.The hotel is popular with business travellers and the rates available can be quite high, for example over £250 per night excluding taxes and breakfast. Apparently they have no trouble filling the hotel at these rates so discounted rates are hard to come by.For those visiting for leisure, London Dungeon, HMS Belfast, Tower Bridge and the Tower of London are all within 15 minutes walk. There's a range of restaurants in the area as well as the hotel restaurant giving a wide choice.All in all this is a good hotel that I'd recommend.	
Dec 10 2007	good value for 4-star property in London	A spanking brand new property with a real design hotel feel, this place seemed to have a nice mixture of business and tourist visitors. The location is great, although despite being almost next to the Thames you won't see anything of the river, nor of Tower Bridge, even from the rooms on the top (11th floor). We could, however, just about see the top of the Swiss Re tower in the city.The rooms reminded me very much of modern Radisson SAS properties, with lots of sleek curves, pine, modern art and random pastel colors, plus a big flatscreen TV thrown in. Beds were super-comfy, windows were floor-to-ceiling for lots of light, all the usual 4-star facilities were in place. Pleasant bonuses were the iron + ironing board and the pull-out tea/coffee making facilties in a drawer (rather than taking up valuable desk + table space). Air conditioning was a little tricky to operate, but eventually we got the hang of it. The rooms are super quiet for a good night sleep. One minus point - very poor water pressure in the shower.Restaurant offered an excellent if slightly pricey breakfast. Service throughout the hotel generally good and at normal Hilton levels.Location - its almost next door to London Bridge for tube and rail services, try and use the Jubilee Line if possible, its the most modern in London and has much nicer stations and trains than the rest of the network. Catching the District and Circle lines simply meant a 10 minute walk across London Bridge to Monument station, but beware that there's no ticket office open here at weekends.Dining and drinking possibilities around the hotel are slightly limited during the evening, especially at weekends, most would appear to make their cash from 9-5 office workers, but the Marks &amp; Spencer is open when others are shut.Excellent value for money in a good location for tourists.	
Dec 8 2007 	Splendid!!!	We (my mother and I) arrived at the hotel late in the evening. We were supposed to stay at the Selfridge, but it was overbooked and they sent us here. We were tired and frustrated!The two ladies at reception were kind, smilling and helpful! As soon as we gave our names we got our key card and 5 minutes later we were resting in our room.Unfortunately, we didn't have a view but otherwise it was perfect! Superclean, with flat screen tv, well-stocked mini bar, even an espresso maker! The bathroom was large, with enough toiletries for two and a note to phone housekeeping if you wanted more! The closet was spacious and the mirror quite big!Since we were also very hungry, we booked a table at the restaurant and after a hot bath we went downstairs to have our dinner! And what a wonderful dinner it was! Lots to choose from, a bit on the expensive side, but very nice! And they had Eton Mess for desert!!!Back upstairs and straight to bed, which was very comfortable!Breakfast was fantastic! Everything was hot, large variety AND they had black pudding!Check out was fast and soon enough we were in our cab to Marble Arch!This hotel is excellent! If it wasn't so far from Central London I would go back with no second thoughts!	
Dec 1 2007 	Great Hotel	we got a supercheap rate with priceline- got an excellent room and the friendliest staff I have ever met in London. Really helpful and cheerful. They gave us early check-in and held our bags for late check out too. Hotel is clean throughout - bathrooms are a pleasure. Only 'bad' thing is the walk over the bridge to the tube- just often takes a little longer as you have to dodge tourist's. But an excellent property and stay.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good stay at the Hilton	I stayed at the Tower Hilton in London and can definitely recommend it for travellers.Here are the high points:- comfortable rooms in a great location - steps from the Tube- rooms have good linens and are fully equipped with in-room safe, nice toiletries, kettle and tea tray (for tea and coffee) including biscuits, mini bar, wi-fi etc.- good closet space for both hanging and putting folded items- includes iron and ironing boardOne down side:- The shower/bathtub has its complexities. It has a half glass partition and so ensure you point the head towards the wall so you don't get excess water on the floor. Also, the dials are a little different from what I have seen before (even in Europe). However, once you figure it out, it is fine.Staff:- Staff were very professional and helpfulPrice:- Quite reasonable for a London hotel.Breakfast buffet:- I find that most hotels get you here. The buffet was quite expensive and many items were lukewarm or cold. I believe it was about 20 British pounds each. I would stick to room service or with the cold items on the buffet. Also, there are places nearby where you can get coffee etc for less. For example there is a Marks &amp; Spencers Food Only store right behind the hotel.Shopping:- There is a nice grouping of shops and boutiques right next door to the hotel.Summary:- I would stay here again, without a doubt.	
Nov 28 2007 	Wonderful	Absolutely wonderful. Excellent location too... just a few steps from the underground.	
Nov 22 2007	Loved the hotel a stone throw from tower bridge	Fabulous hotel in a wicked location!! Close to all the amenities and Tube station.	
Nov 13 2007 	Excellent hotel for business or leisure	I had a weekend break exploring London's South Bank - Tower Bridge, London Dungeon, Borough Market, Tate Modern, Imperial War Museum, London Aquarium - and this hotel is perfectly located for the area. As other reviewers have said, it is modern, stylish, spotlessly clean, has pleasant staff, a comprehensive breakfast, and its rates are pretty competitive (GBP126 for a Friday night in a 8th floor room). With the Jubilee Line at London Bridge just five minutes walk away, it is also very convenient for Docklands/Canary Wharf (10 mins), Oxford Street and Bond Street for shopping (10 mins) and has good connections into the City. Highly recommended.	
Nov 9 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Booked 6 nights here for a trip last week and it was one of the best hotels I have stayed in London. The location is excellent. It is just a few blocks from London Bridge Underground and rail station. The room was spacious, bathrooms big and modern, beds very comfrotable and the staff could not have been more helpful. The breakfast buffet was exceptional. I would highly recommend.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great Hilton	Have stayed in several Hilton hotels, and this is by far the best (it is also relatively new...). Rooms are spotless and comfortable, bathrooms are OK - one minor gripe is that I thought the room could have been a little larger. Restaurant is good, but overpriced. Bar is pretty cool too. Overall, great location and really nice hotel.	
Oct 21 2007	Great Hotel	Had a two night stay here recently which was really enjoyable. Very clean, staff very helpful and friendly and a really nice laid back atmosphere. Great location also.	
Oct 18 2007	Great Hotel	This was my first trip to London and I must admit I was a little dissapointed that the hotel wasn't in the heart of London (closer to Tralfalgar) But as it turns out I think that it was a really good location. One block away was a tube stop. Walking distance to Tower Bridge and one block away was a Big Bus stop which I rode for three days and loved. The hotel itself was very clean and new and no complaints at all. I was upgraded to the executive level which I took advantage of quite a bit. The staff goes out of their way to be helpful.	
Oct 9 2007 	good hotel modern rooms and good location	I have stayed in the hotel a few times during my business trips and would recommend it as a good hotel in terms of rooms and location.The room rate has varied from 160 GBP to 200 GBP. The hotel is very modern and is located close to HMS Belfast so is good for restaurants along the Thames. There is a small M+S shop close by that is open to 22:00 each day so you have stock up on snacks.The Thai restaurant down by the water side is also very nice.	
Sep 25 2007 	Very modern 	Rooms are very modern &amp; comfortable2 minute walk to the river; maybe 5 minutes to Tower BridgeLondon Bridge Tube station just across the street; several cafes &amp; even a Marks &amp; Spencer (foods) beside the hotelAdded bonus: toiletry items by Crabtree &amp; Evelyn	
Sep 23 2007 	Fantastic modern hotel in great location!	Firstly, I spent ages trawling lastminute.com for a late booking to London, checking out their &quot;Top Secret Hotels&quot;. Handy hint here - look at the wording of the hotel description and search a few key words in Google - every time I've tried this I've found the actual hotel, so at least you know where you're booking beforehand and can then check the reviews on TripAdvisor!I stumbled upon a &quot;Top Secret Hotel&quot; for £69 per night and after checking Google, realised it was the Hilton London Tower Bridge. I looked at the Hilton website to check location etc, and also checked the reviews on here - it seemed an excellent choice so I went ahead and booked it...We were not disappointed! The hotel is only about a year old, and still looks very new and impressive. Staff were very friendly and keen to help with anything they could. The rooms were fantastic. We didn't use the restaurants or bars as we had other plans, but from what I saw, they look very good. Overhearring a conversation at the reception, it sounds like the price is normally in the region of £200 per night, so £69 was an absolute bargain!!There's M&amp;S Simply Food right outside, so I'd stock up there rather than raiding the mini bar! There's also a number of pubs and cafes around the hotel too.There is a public car park about 10-15mins walk away, and for about 30hours, it cost us £20. The tube station is only a few minutes up the road, and the sightseeing tour buses also stop just up the road. In the evening we walked down to the river and had an excellent view of Tower Bridge, all lit up, and the bridge opened for a river cruise boat to come through while we were there. There's also a nice bar/restaurant a short walk along the river Horniman at Hays I think it was, where we you can sit outside...All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel. It's a lovely hotel and conveniently located for pretty much anything. I will definitely be going back when I go to London again...	
Sep 18 2007 	Geat hotel and superb location	Just come back from a fantastic 4 night stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge with my family. The hotel is situated within sight of London Tower Bridge though there are no direct views from the hotel. On arrival, the reception area is bright and welcoming and the staff very professional. The decor is modern and the rooms large for a city hotel. We had booked a bed for our 3 year old but the room had a cot instead. We arrived at 10pm but even so one call to reception had a bed in our room within 10 minutes. We ordered room service and the food was excellent.Nearby there are a number of restaurants and the nearest tube/rail station is only 100 meters from the hotel. The London bus tours pass by the hotel which is great for a days sightseeing.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant as there are many great choices nearby.All in all, well done to the hotel and we would stay again.	
Sep 9 2007 	A pleasant surprise	I have stayed at many Hiltons worldwide and this is a gem among Hiltons. Especially when you compare the other Hiltons in London I have visited (Hyde Park and Metropole, which are quite dreadful).This is a modern hotel with stylish restaurant, clean functional stylish room, and attentive staff. When checking in, the receptionist apologized as I was as a Hilton Honors Gold member entitled to a free breakfast. My rate included the breakfast so she sent a bottle of nice Spanish red wine to my room.I wish all the Hiltons were like this - now the Hilton brand just does not guarantee you the level of hotel.	
Sep 2 2007 	An outstanding hotel	A wonderful contemporary and smart hotel.It's not the biggest or externally-attractive hotel in London, but the inside is very smart and upmarket - the bar lounge area sets the tone, and the guest rooms are tasteful, modern and very comfortable, as other reviewers' photos demonstrate.We stayed in an Executive Room, 1103, which had a view through to the river and Tower Bridge - but there is a construction site between the hotel and the river, and once the new building is up, views of the river will disappear.The beds are extremely comfortable, the lighting is well designed, including little LED reading lights on each side of the bed and the bathroom had a separate shower, with robes and slippers provided. The rooms are also well insulated for sound and efficiently air conditioned.Some criticise the location, based I assume, on the common need to be near the West End of London. However, the hotel is excellent for the south bank and Tower Bridge areas - nestled between office buildings just along Toohey Street from London Bridge railway and underground stations, a stone's throw from the Thames.Attractions within walking distance include: Tower Bridge, City Hall (London Mayoral glass building), Tower of London, HMS Belfast (warship now a floating museum), the Design Museum, Shad Thames (and it's Conran restaurants etc), Borough Market (high quality food market on Friday and Saturdays), London Dungeon, London at War (museum), Hayes Galleria, Shakespeare's Globe Theatre and a little further along the Tate Modern, Millennium Bridge to St Paul's Cathedral.London Bridge station has direct trains to Gatwick Airport and Luton Airport as well as Brighton and St Pancras (from November 2007 the Eurostar terminus). The tube is served by the Northern Line and Jubilee Line (serving Baker Street, Green Park and Westminster for example).The Executive Lounge is a reasonable size, with two free internet terminals. The breakfast there was plentiful, varied and delicious. Evening drinks and canapes were also nice and there's a 9th floor narrow roof terrace to enjoy them whilst overlooking the City skyline (such as the 'gherkin' and Tower 42).A new little gem, with attentive and professional staff, smart and tasteful rooms and a good south-of-the-river location.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Jump-Off Point for Families in London	Stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge for four nights in mid-August 2007. We took a family vacation with 4 adults (40's), my college-aged son, and three small children (3-10 yrs). We had three rooms. Check in and service were outstanding. We were able to access all three rooms by about noon (for early check-in), no problems. One room, a large one, had a &quot;queen&quot; and an extra roll-away (no charge), one had two &quot;twin&quot; beds (another large room), and one had a queen bed (a smaller room). The &quot;queen&quot; beds really seem more like US kings, and the beds were very comfortable. The twins can be separated, or can be pushed together to make a &quot;king&quot;. All furnishings very modern, bathrooms were great. Each room had a safe that can fit a laptop.Breakfast was included with our rooms, and had a wide-range of British favorites, smoked fish, breads, cereals and dairy items. This was a great way to start a heavy day of siteseeing.I had a couple minor maintenance issues with our room, but a call to the desk resulted in a maintenance person coming almost immediately and fixing the issues.We used the concierge several times for pre-paid tickets (recommended to all major sites to avoid lines), and for a couple of eating recommendations. Very good service, seemed fairly knowledgable.We found the location to be ideal for sightseeing. The south bank is family-friendly with a large plaza and Thames (Queen's) walk just outside. A Marks &amp; Spencer is next door, so you don't have to be tempted by the mini-bar and its exhorbitant costs. Subway station is 2 blocks, and also has direct train service to Gatwick airport and other locations. I enjoyed the location because of easy access to mass transit, and its short walk to several major tourist sites. You can easily walk to:--Tower bridge--Tower of London--Globe (don't miss a Shakespeare performance!--but not for small kids) --Borough Market (Sat. mornings especially; also the Golden Hinde ship and the Clink Prison Museum are there) --Tate Modern --St. Pauls, Via Thames walkway --London DungeonA bit further up the Thames, but a great walk:--BA Eye--Parliment/Big Ben/Westminister, etc.I highly recommed the hotel for families, as well as business (the hotel is really set up for business clients, but the location and hospitality is so family friendly). For those who want to be in the traditional center of &quot;action&quot; (West End, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, etc.), this is a bit out of the way, but a short tube ride will get you there.	
Aug 31 2007 	Mixed Feelings - Generally Positive Overall	We won this hotel for $110 a room (plus tax) for a week-long period at the end of August 2007. For the price, it was an excellent value, especially considering the going rate of London hotel rooms these days, but I would only recommend the property with reservations.What was good:The room size was more than adequate. Although not as large as Hilton rooms in the states, the rooms were larger than most in London. The furnishings were modern and the beds and bedding were very comfortable. The toiletries were very nice, La Source by Crabtree and Evelyn.Access to the tube was excellent, a few minute walk down a safe, wide street. There were also a couple of bus stops along the way, making transportation elsewhere a piece of cake. (This was good as the area virtually shut down at night, being a business district more than anything else.)There was a great tea setup next to the outrageously priced mini-bar, a terrific selection of teas and some instant (blecch) coffee.There is an outlet on the desk that takes American plugs. I brought a power strip and was able to plug in our laptop as well as whatever chargers we needed.There were a bunch of casual dining spots in the immediate vicinity, including a Marks &amp; Spencer food shop right across the walk. It was very easy to find breakfast or coffee before heading on your way for the day, and there was a pub across the street if you fancied a pint later in the afternoon.What was bad:We were given rooms facing a large construction site alongside the building. I didn’t immediately think it would be a problem, as we were planning to be up and out fairly early, but I was wrong (which I found out after we’d unpacked and settled in). LOUD work was done ALL DAY from 7 AM to 7 PM, and while my kids were pretty able to sleep through it in the morning, I was not. Had we not unpacked, I would have asked to be moved (not sure how successful I’d have been, but I’m doubtful the hotel was sold out – which makes it even worse that they put us in those rooms). As we were there over a bank holiday weekend, there were three days of no work, and we had to get up early to catch the train to Gatwick on our final day, so I dealt with it, but I wasn’t happy.There is NO storage space in the bedside tables, which are more platforms built into the wall than anything else. The closet was adequate but there was no dresser drawer space, either, making the few cubbies built into the closet the only storage. That left no place to store our luggage except on the floor along the wall. Not what you’d expect in a four-star property.The worst room feature of all was the bathroom shower. There was neither a curtain nor a full door, but a glass partition that covered about a third of the length along the tub side. Water couldn’t help but escape, and you could never warm up, as the cooler surrounding air was right there with you in the shower. I honestly have no idea what they were thinking when they came up with this design. Taking showers became an unpleasant necessity rather than something relaxing to look forward to, and you were left to mop up the bathroom floor when you were done. We requested one room with a queen or king bed and the other with two singles, but the only configuration they could manage for our kids was two side-by-side mattresses with separate bedding, basically the same as our room but with each bed made up separately. The kids were okay with it but would have been happier with their own individual beds.There were two places to plug in the hair dryer…neither of which was in the bathroom. One was at the desk (no mirror) and the other was a wall outlet next to the door connecting our room to the kids’ room. There was a full length mirror on the door but since the outlet was down by the floor, the cord didn’t quite allow the dryer to reach the top of my head – and I’m only 5’1”. Taller people would be out of luck.We were charged for three phone calls we did not make, but the charges were removed after we disputed them. (In fairness, we had attempted the calls but there were line problems and they did not complete. At 2.50 GBP a (local) call, though, we couldn’t let this slide.) Check your bill before you leave.The hotel charges 15 GBP a day for internet service. We subscribed to boingo.com before we left the states, though, and have service for a month just $10 more. The connection worked flawlessly.TV was VERY limited. No satellite or anything other than the basic BBC and local offerings along with CNN International. No, you don’t spend much time in the room on a trip such as the one we took, but it’s nice to relax and wind down at night. Not really an option here.In sum, I feel as if we got a decent deal but I think I’d look to stay elsewhere next time. We had access to everywhere due to the proximity of the underground station (London Bridge on the Jubilee line), but felt isolated at night. Unless we wanted to get involved with a tube trip, we really had to eat and get everything else accomplished at night before heading back to the hotel. I’d also insist on being moved out of the Priceline room location facing the construction site.	
Aug 29 2007 	Horrible Management 	I stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge for 6 days on Vacation in London with my Fiance. After arriving from the airport, who had lost our luggage, we went to the front desk. We informed them that the luggage would be arriving later that day. We gave them all of the paper work from the airport, and told them to notifiy us once the baggage had been received. The next morning, after not receiving the baggage, I called the airport. They informed me that they had sent it, and the hotel sent it back. I went to the front desk, and they told me they never received the luggage. I then went to the concierge, and he told me that the luggage came, but he sent it back because he never got information from the front desk. I called the airport again to double check the status. Yet again, the Hotel had sent it back. I went downstairs, and the morning concierge hadn't told the afternoon concierge to expect it. I then called the airport yet again, and they sent it the next day.After dealing with all of this headache, in a foreign country, without my baggage, the hotel had the audacity to not take off any charges for my phone calls to the airport, let alone reimburse me for the expense of buying toiletries or clothing. They charged me 40 pounds, and refused to make any compromises, since they &quot;could not be responsible for luggage&quot;.The rest of the week went okay, with minor inconveniences such as the fire alarm going off at 3am, or the hotel bar charging 10 pounds per drink.But, if you want shoddy service from a &quot;4 star hotel&quot;, that cares nothing about its patrons, feel free to stay here. My recommendation, however, is to avoid it like the plague. Maybe once management has been changed it will be better, but for the time being, stay far far away.	
Aug 21 2007 	We love it!!!	We had a wonderful three-night stay with several friends in early July. Perfect base for city sightseeing. The rooms were both beautiful and functional. Highly recomended!!!	
Aug 20 2007 	Nice modern hotel	Stayed 2 nights in this new hotel. Very similar to the new Hilton in Canary Wharf. Hilton have really upped their game with these 2 new hotels.The Tower Bridge version has the same modern design, good sized rooms with good beds. Receptionist (Anna) could not have been more pleasant.I paid £145 incl tax, which is ok for London. I am a hilton goldcard holder but there was no availability of an upgrade as hotel was full. I was offered complimentaty breakfast which was good - excellent selection of fresh fruit. However Hilton really have to do something about their coffee at breakfast - seems to be awful whichever hotel you stay in!Only slight downside is location - you are on the south bank and a good £20 taxi ride to South Kensington or Chelsea, at least £10 to Picaddilly. Could have got the tube for less and there is a stop a couple of blocks away.Overall, a very good experience and I would definitely return.	
Aug 12 2007 	Marvellous Hotel	We stayed in the Hilton after going out in London one night and fromt he moment we arrived to check in it almost midlnight through to when we left the staff were attentive and helpful.The room being in a new contemporary hotel was spotless - the bed was huge ad confortable, I ended up getting one on the best nights sleep I have had in a long time.The bathroom was nicely presented with large soft towels and a shower than makes you want hours in it.We booked the Hilton hotel though Lastminute and got a great rate of £69 (excluding breakfast) by using the Top Secret Hotels function. This made the hotel better than excellent value for money!!	
Aug 6 2007 	wonderful stay	There were six of us and we shared 2 rooms. We had 3 children and they put a very comfortable cot in both of the rooms. The rooms were quite spacious and with the addition of the cots we had plenty of space. The hotel was incredibly friendly. The hotel was very clean and the contemporary design was very pleasant. It was a very comfortable experience. The concierge was not extremely knowledgeable but there are information outlets everywhere in the city. We would definitely return. The Tube is just a few blocks away and it is within walking distance of the Tower Bridge which is a must see site.	
Aug 3 2007 	Excellent beds clean rooms poor reception service	This hotel was amazing! Gorgeous rooms, large bathroom and comfortable comfortable bedding. I slept like a baby!The only problem I encountered was the receptionist. My flight was running 2 hours late and I phoned ahead to leave a message for my friend. They did not give her the message and she wound up waiting in the lobby for almost 3 hours for me to arrive (panicked the whole time!) I filled out the comment card in the room that evening. When we returned from dinner, there was a personalized letter from the GM and a bottle of red wine waiting in the room. Also, they allowed us to use the rollaway bed free of charge for another friend that stayed the night. Because of the exceptional customer service, I look forward to my next stay at this hotel.	
Aug 1 2007 	Brand new hotel in convenient location	I stayed in this hotel for four nights and frankly I coudn't fault it. It is a 2 minute walk from the BR station and the Tower Bridge Tube station. Across from the hotel are a number of restaurants a pub, coffee shops, bagel shop, and a mini Marks &amp; Spencer (grocery and prepackaged food and meals). No more than 30 seconds on foot and your on the banks of the Thames looking out over London and the famous Tower Bridge. This hotel however is not close to the West End and is situated on the South Bank of the Thames. The tube trip to Trafalgar Square took about 15min. The hotel itself is practically brand new and of the typical Hilton standard though probably targets itself more to the business traveller market than tourists. The rooms where spacious and very well appointed in a funky stylish modern style with lots of browns and creams and wood panelling. Service was polite but not over the top. can't comment on either the bar or restaurant as never ate or drank there. I would have no hesitation recommending the hotel as long you as your happy to travel the tube for 10 minutes or so to get to the central parts of the city	
Jul 25 2007 	Hotel is new but otherwise disappointed us	My sister was a student in really bad university housing for a year in London but walked by this property everyday since it opened in Sept. 2006 and vowed to someday stay here. When I visited her for her graduation this month, I surprised her by booking us a room at this hotel. She had told me how wonderful it was lit up at night (yes) and how it was in a great location (yes), but other than that it was kind of a let down and I am surprised at how many positive reviews there are for this hotel. Perhaps we just had an &quot;off&quot; stay. We had previously stayed a few nights at the Renaissance Chancery Court in Holborn so I was trying to be open-minded about this hotel and not too harsh considering all the minor niggling problems we had but it just left a bad taste in our mouth. Its not like I can say oh well, at least it was cheap! Its not. Right off the bat, when we got to the room, it was overpowered with a floral smell/ cleaning solution (a spill maybe?) even after airing it out for a few hours with open window. Asked to be changed and got a room with an adjoining room next to it and I do not accept those so we switched back hoping a few more hours out of the room with the window open would be ok. Was assured at the front desk the room had a partial view of the bridge (nope, it had a partial view of the HMS Belfast, and barely that...in fact the side of the hotel that faces the bridge does not have any windows on it so we were laughing at the fact that probably only a few rooms even had a partial miniscule view, so dont expect one). We were assured there were 2 twin beds...well, there were, but they were pushed together and had one big blanket over it. The front desk offered to send housekeeping up to &quot;unzip&quot; the beds but literally, you could have pushed the beds about 2 inches apart on each side due to the permanantly fixed nightstands on the wall...I dont really care, but that is what the rest of the world has told us is a King bed...2 twins pushed together so...??. Had problems all night long with the internet connection- how any business would get done this business hotel is beyond me- it was about 3 times as slow as dial-up. When I inquired about a credit for this upon checkout (it was 15 GBP for 24 hours!) I was told no. Most of the staff seemed to be inexperienced college-aged kids. Not gracious or apologetic or accomodating as is most hospitality staff. Concierge scribbled my taxi reservation on a teeny tiny scrap of paper and, after asking, I was told that they couldnt look up my departure terminal since the computers were down (umm, perhaps use a phone book as a resource if youre the concierge?) . Rooftop terrace closed early the night we were there otherwise it would have been a fantastic view. Now for the practical information-room is decent sized according to London standards. Our room was decorated in a cold dark grey and orange (think EasyJet glossy orange accents). Linens were nice and bed was pretty comfortable. Too much furniture in the room for the size of the room, but tv etc. were in good working order. Bathroom was spotless and spacious with good toiletries and large, soft towels. The room has a hairdryer but its in the drawer connected/underneath the in-room safe in the closet so its hard to find. Plenty of eating places in the area and also a few pubs. There is also a nearby Marks and Spencer. Room service was decently priced (for room service) and arrived hot. The &quot;tray charge&quot; of 3.50 GBP is PER PERSON which seemed a little overboard, however. The hotel is in a good location near a tube stop and also for Eurostar/Waterloo but its not a fantastic location if youve never been to London before-there are better, more centrally located hotels to more attractions. I would not stay here again....it wasnt awful, but for the price, there are a lot of other hotels in London to be had. Really.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great Hotel in London	My husband and I booked this hotel for a weekend away through Hotwire. We paid £96 including tax for a double room, no breakfast included. When we checked in the staff were very friendly and helpful, although the public car park was several blocks away and you have to walk through this really dodgy tunnel (did not feel safe) to get there, not so good. The room was a bit small but very well decorated. This is a new, modern hotel which is a bit of a rarity in London. The room had proper air conditioning that was very nice and cold (also a rarity for a London hotel) and was stocked with very nice Crabtree &amp; Evelyn toiletries. The bed was very comfortable and I had no real complaints about the room. However, the next day my husband and I decided to go downstairs and have the hotel breakfast which was HORRIBLE. It was definitely not up to the regular Hilton standard. The breakfast buffet cost £22 pp (including tax) and had seriously undercooked eggs, grey bacon, and pale chicken sausage--seriously disgusting. We did not finish our breakfast as it was that gross. I complained to the restaurant manager and she was very apologetic and helpful and refunded our breakfasts for us. I would definitely NOT recommend the breakfast as there are many other places around the hotel that serve a much better breakfast. Overall though, the staff at the hotel were extremely polite and helpful, the room was one of the best I've stayed at in London, and £96 was an extremely reasonable rate for London so I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 24 2007 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed her for two nights on a hen weekend, and the hotel was absolutely fantastic. We were very late getting there as we got held up in traffic but the staff on reception were extremely helpful, I think they actually kept the hot buffet open for us, and we checked in swiftly then ate in the hotel restaurant. The food was lovely, and for a buffet there was lots of choice for starters, hot main course, desserts and cheese.Rooms - fab. Extremely comfy beds, excellent bathroom, plenty of storage space, iron, etc. If you look at the candid traveller photos on this website, that is exactly how all the rooms are. There was a well stocked mini bar, which had just enough space to balance a pint of milk. And our room had a view of Tower Bridge which was a bonus. The air conditioning was excellent too.Breakfast - again, very good selection, and quality.I can't comment on the location of the hotel, as we had a mini bus take us where we needed to go, but as it was near to an underground station, I would definately stay there again.The bar is open til late, and again the staff there were very pleasant and helpful.	
Jul 23 2007 	Great hotel expensive mini bar - but there is a solution !!!	Excellent hotel, great location, rooms very clean and fresh ...the mini bar is very expensive £10 for a mini bottle of wine which is £2 in Marks and Sparks ...and there is an M &amp; S express right out side so get you booze in there and save a packet !!!!	
Jul 23 2007 	Great stay	I stayed at the Hilton London Bridge for 2 nights in July. I got a rate of 109 GPS during the weekend. I was upgraded to an executive room but had no view (except of a ripped up parking lot). The room was a nice size, clean &amp; modern. The location is great - so close to the London Bridge Tube stop.I would recommend this hotel to anyone that can get a good rate on it. I think it's quite pricy during the week but reasonable (for London) on the weekend.	
Jul 22 2007 	Chic Hip Hotel Stay	This Hilton property is brand new (opened September 2006) and clearly differentiates itself from all other London Hilton properties (and most London hotels) by being starkly modern and hip. It clearly appeals to 20 and 30-somethings, but as a middle age couple, my wife and I enjoyed the modern decor, style and atmosphere compared to a subsequent stay at the Hilton London Waldorf. The staff were wonderful: professional, friendly and incredibly responsive. The rooms are pristinely clean and comfortable, partly because of the newness, but also due to the housekeeping staff. Some may be put off by the location on the South Bank of the Thames, but it actually allows easy access to walking in the London Tower and City areas, a short walk across the beautiful London Tower Bridge, as well as immediate access to the Queen's Walk, which starts near the London Tower Bridge and meanders along the Thames with the Tate Modern, the National Theatre, the OXO building, and the London Eye, as well as all the bridges over the Thames, and many restaurants, as destinations. There is a Marks and Spencer grocery right adjacent to the hotel, a great way to pick up take away food for picnics inside or outside your hotel room. Don't overlook this nice property, particularly if you are using Hilton HHonors points, as we did.	
Jul 20 2007 	Fantastic!	We stayed here for a saturday night in July. We had booked a standard double but upon arrival due to being gold card holders, we were upgraded to an executive room which included free breakfast.Rooms were large and roomy with lovely decor and a very modern bathroom. Had lots of complimentary toiletries, together with free bottled water and fruit.Location was great with only a few minutes walk to Tower Bridge, Tube, HMS Belfast and the Tower of London.Would definately recommend this hotel and would stay at this hotel again when visting London.	
Jul 16 2007 	Modern in a Small room	I got 75 pounds per night from priceline (inc vat)location: walk about 3-5 min from london bridge station pass london dungeon the backward atmosphere of this hotel is very romantic!!room: very small!!! i cant believe that normally the room inc vat is about 200 pounds per nighthowever, it's decorated in modern style and newyou can ask for slippers if neededservice: front desk is very friendlyi like shower gel, shampoo, cream because it's crabtree.^^	
Jul 13 2007 	Moden Good Location Nice Stay	The Hilton London Tower Bridge, is a new very modern hotel, located right around the tower bridge, some rooms have a view of the bridge, it is also just blocks from an underground station. I got upgraded to the executive level, and use of the executive lounge. The lounge made the stay very nice, with free Breakfast (Hot Eggs, ham, and other items) Drinks all day long, Tea time in the afternoon, and night time finger foods, with an open bar. The room was small but avg for London, very clean, and modern. The bed was nice, bathroom big and nice powerful shower. LCD TV, safe, and mini-bar. I used Hilton points for my stay, so it is worth FREE, now London is out of this world price wise for everything, the going rate for the room is around 300 USD a night. Good location, very nice and helpful staff, FREE internet computers in the executive lounge, this was nice to book tickets for London events. This is not a fancy place, no British charm (what ever that is) just a new a modern hotel in a good location. Use the tube to get around town. ..	
Jul 12 2007 	"Sir the double bed is a king! You're in England!"	I booked a business stay at this hotel as it is reasonably close to my office. I booked the double executive room which according to the website says it has a King size bed. Upon check in I was informed that there are no King size beds in this hotel. My room wasn’t ready (it was 7am, I wasn't expecting it to be) so I went to Wimbledon instead. I returned at 5 pm and was given a key to my room which was right next to the elevator despite being a gold member and having it in my profile not to put me near the elevator, there I am.After seeing how small the bed (and frankly the room) was I went to the executive lounge for the cocktails and hors-dourves and spoke with the Executive level host about the fact that the website advertises a king bed. I even printed the website description for her. What she told me next floored me. She said, &quot;Sir, this is England and that is a King size bed&quot;. I could not believe that this was her answer. Had I checked into Lilliput? I expressed to her that&quot;my last stay in London was at the Savoy and I had a King size bed there and it was twice the size of what I have here and the Savoy –Ma’am- is in England&quot;.Everyone in the lounge wanted to watch the Wimbledon Men’s finals without the disturbing Jazz muzac playing over the speakers in the ceiling, however we were told that this was the General Managers favorite disks and the staff couldn't turn it off. We asked to speak with the GM but were told that he was on Holiday and the music plays 24x7 and can't be turned off. WOW it is nice to know that the GM actually cares about his guests and not just him/her self (sarcasm). On my second night and visit to the Executive level lounge, I desperately wanted to escape the horrid music and go out on the roof deck. I had been out there the night before and it was wonderfully quiet. This is important as you aren't allowed to leave the lounge with your drinks. Apparently it eats into the mini bar business... I am ok with that, except for the evil music. On this evening the roof deck was locked. I was told that I couldn't go out there because of the Terrorist level in England. Now I would have bought that if it weren't for my having been out there the night before. I now start believing that the music is actually a brainwashing ploy by someone....On the third night to my shock and surprise, there is a party on the roof deck....No sir you can't attend, its private. More of the music.Yum. I have now decided that in an effort to rid myself of the effects of the music I decide to drink the liquor that is offered. I have discovered the only real benefit to staying on the Executive floor as I easily consumed 50gbp of liquor. For those of you in the USA that’s about 4oz.The bottom line: Keep your expectations of service low, expect the staff to make up answers if they don't know them straight out, keep the ear plugs from the plane and consume the liquor.PS I had a lovely view of the construction site. Make sure your room either faces south or east.	
Jul 11 2007 	Fantastic!	We upgraded to the executive floor, and would recommend this for anyone.The views were fantastic and so was the service.Want to go again	
Jul 9 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!	The hotel was lovely. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom lovely. Views from the hotel window were good and it was within walking distance of several attractions, such as the London Dungeon and Tower Bridge of course. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would certainly stay there again	
Jul 4 2007	visit hiltonforfree.com	I booked a really good deal at hiltonforfree.com in june 2007 and ended up paying only 64 pounds per night, which is an absolute bargain for a hotel of this standard in central London. The Hotel is well located for a tourist, with very easy access to train and underground stations. The rooms and bathroom are spacious modern and comfortable. Good Breakfast. Yes, I would stay here again even if I had to pay more.	
Jun 11 2007 	Nice Location	The Hilton London Tower Bridge has a great location for getting around London. The train/tube station is a block away. The Tower of London is within walking distance. The concierge was very good about getting taxi service.The room was clean and nicely organized. We had some problems with the electrical outlets, telephone, &amp; television. Our traveling companions had to change rooms due to a backed up toilet which the management was slow to attend to. There are some nice restaurants and coffee shops near to the hotel. I mention this because the restaurant is very overpriced for what is offered. The staff was very friendly and courteous. I hope that the problems that we had were an anomoly rather than the norm.	
Jun 9 2007 	Smart New Hilton	Needing a place to stay, to meet friends from overseas, The Tower, was available, and the room price was reasonable, on the weekend of the FA Cup and Rugby finals. Located on the South Bank of the Thames the hotel is in an area that has seen major modernisation and clean up between the river and the railway line. However the NCP car park near Guys hospital is a fair walk away, under a long dark tunnel. That said £15 for 24 hours is good by London standards. The hotel is fresh, clean and modern. The reception and lobby staff were very efficient, and the bar staff really did keep the whole environment clean and welcoming. Breakfast was up to the usual Hilton standard. Taxis were difficult, but the London Tour buses stopped 200 yards up the road. I will use it again.	
Jun 6 2007 	Nice Modern Hotel	We stayed for one night at the Hilton London Tower Bridge Hotel in May 2007. The hotel was very clean and decorated in a very modern style with a huge bathroom. It was convienently located to a train station, within just a few minutes walk. You can actually take the train right up to Heathrow Airport.It was also close to the Dungeon which is one of the pick up sites for the Big Bus hop on hop off tour and near a Cost Cutters.The only negative for the hotel was that there was no hair driver - although their was a 9 volt plug if I had brought my own.All in all we really enjoyed our stay and would stay again.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great service location and very modern	I loved this hotel! It was very modern and new. The staff was extremely helpful and nice. The location was also great, close to the underground station, food, sites etc. I will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 1 2007	Very Good...	My wife and I stayed two nights here in mid May 2007. I booked a reward stay, and being a Diamond Hilton Hhonors member, received an upgrade to and Executive room and Lounge.Nice, new hotel. Fast elevators, ideal location near the Thames and both the Tower and London bridges.Service was very good. Received a fruit plate in the room upon check-in. The Executive Lounge has a nice assortment of snacks available all day, and top-shelf liquors and wine available as well. This saved us a ton of money!Very impressed with everything and would recommend to anyone!	
May 21 2007 	Super Hilton	Stayed here for the weekend. On arrival as a Gold HHonors member I as offered free breakfast, for myself and companion, in lieu of upgrade as all the Exec Rooms were booked. Also got fruit and water in the room unlike friends who are not HH members. Hotel easily found from Tooley Street exit from London Bridge. If arriving by car the recommended Car Park is about 5 mins away the other side of St Thomas Hospital. Some might not feel comfortable there late at night or when dark. On the plus side for London its a max of £15 per day.The room was still as new as was bathroom. Adequate storage space. Beds really comfortable. Breakfast excellent although wouldnt pay £19 for it given what else is on the doorstep.Many bars and restaurants nearby. Many river sights to see.TV picture didn't appear, only sound. reboooted by Technician quickly.On departure was greeted by name by same receptionist, Daniella I believe, who checked me in.She hoped they could offer me an upgrade next time and really seemed interested to know that I would be back.	
May 12 2007 	Well impressed	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and loved it. The hotel was brand new and really modern. It was so fresh it felt like we were the first to use the room.Compared to other London hotels the room was spacious and had a really nice marble bathroom.It has possibly the most comfortable beds that I have ever experienced in a hotel.Our room had a lovely view of Tower Bridge.The hotel is situated about 5 minutes from Tower Bridge and 2 minutes from The London Dungeon. The underground is only a short walk too. We had breakfast at the hotel which was nice- we got a rate which included this on special offer- I wouldn't have paid the price if it wasn't included though.Would definately use this hotel again.	
May 9 2007	Great Hotel	This is a brand new hotel. We got a big room with two twin beds that were more like twin and a half beds. The most comfortable beds ever. The bathroom was big too and everything was new and impeccable. Toiletries were from Crabtree and Evelyn. We got a package that included daily breakfast and one dinner. the food was buffert style and everything was fresh and delicious. This hotel is a short waltk to the Underground and bus station. The location is wonderful.All the staff were great and friendly, especially Francisco the concierge was very helpful and he got us tickets for a sold out show. We'll stay here next time.	
May 7 2007 	A Great Hilton	This is one very nice Hilton property. Good location, the perfect place for a business trip or a vacation in London. Check in &amp; check out was a breeze; my only complaint was the lack of an upgrade (or any other recognition) due to my HHonors Gold status.The rooms are very large for Europe &amp; being a new hotel everything is clean with no “old” smells etc. Odd colors for the room decoration (green &amp; orange). If you were for Canada it will remind you of a A&amp;W Drive inn. No noise due to traffic or connecting rooms, so our sleep was undisturbed. I had breakfast every morning (we stayed three nights) &amp; the selection was good. We did not eat in the restaurant at night. There are too many other places to eat in the general area (including a Weatherspoons on Tower Bridge road or 5 mins away). Getting around was very easy, lots of buses, the tube &amp; the train station (London Bridge) across the road.We will be visiting again on our next trip to London.	
May 3 2007	What a let down	Whilst the hotel is new and modern and the location is good for many City destinations, as a HHonours Diamond member I've never experienced such lack of that 'little extra'.I've stayed there 4-5 times, and every time they tell you that on THIS occasion they cannot offer you an upgrade (when did it ever happen) and they also deny you access to the executive lounge. I found the management arrogant and unprofessional.Well, if they so badly don't want your business, then I'm glad that Marriott and other chains treat their members better.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great value for money	We stayed here before getting Eurostar to Belgium and it was exactly what we wanted.We booked through a well known booking company and got a very good rate. The rate didn't include breakfast and as we were leaving early we didn't bother.The hotel is modern and clean with all the facilities you need for an overnighter. The location is excellent and only a few minutes walk from the tube.I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2007 	Didn't want to leave	This is a well located and well run hotel, with friendly staff and excellent service. It would be excellent for tourists wishing to explore London, as it is close to the river and about five minutes from London Bridge Station, which is a major interchange. The decorations and fittings throughout are of a high standard. The bed was very comfortable. The view of St Paul's from our room was magical. Breakfasts are good, but the restaurant, where we ate one night, was not as good as I would expect for the price. Instead try nearby Bermondsey Street. It may not look like there is anything there, but there are loads of great restaurants, pubs and bars once you've gone under the forbidding looking arches!	
Apr 12 2007 	The nicest London hotel I've stayed in	Easily the nicest London hotel I've had the pleasure of staying in for some time. Brand spanking new, the decor and rooms are to a very high standard. The staff are efficient, pleasant and attentive. Decent gym. And best of all, a cracking location.	
Apr 10 2007 	Great hotel fabulous location	What a wonderful hotel, both in terms of location and facilities.We could not believe our luck when we walked out of London Bridge station and could see the hotel, which was about 2 minutes walk away.The staff were really friendly and could not have done enough for us. We arrived at the hotel at 11am and asked if we could leave our bag in reception prior to check-in.However, the lady at reception let us check-in early into another room so that we could then leave our bag and then start our sightseeing trip. We also asked what time check-out was and they said that if we needed a little longer then that was fine, instead of hassling you like other hotels do.The hotel is lovely and new and reminds me of the decor you would get in a New York boutique hotel. I particulary liked the Ruba bar and its cosy corners.The room was more than big enough for the both of us and the bed was very comfortable. Regarding location, you cannot beat it. There are numerous restaurants just a short walk away - we had a great Thai meal in Dim T and if you walk for about 10 mins along the waterside past Tower Bridge there are lots of restaurants such as Browns, Ask, etc. We are already planning on returning to this hotel - if you just want to find a hotel in London that is above average and reasonably priced for a really nice weekend away, then I recommend this one. We will always keep this hotel in mind when coming up for the weekend.	
Apr 5 2007 	Very nice modern hotel	This is a new hotel, and it shows. Everything in the hotel is very modern, including in particular the décor, which suffers a bit from the “so cool it hurts” look. That’s a very minor point, though, which doesn’t detract significantly from the fact that this is a very good hotel.The location was convenient for me, because it’s close to the office I was visiting on this business trip. Whether it would be convenient for you obviously depends on your plans; having said that, it’s well-situated, in that it’s a two-minute walk to London Bridge rail and tube station, and just a few minutes away from Tower Bridge. Right outside the door of the hotel there is a Marks &amp; Spencer food store, as well as a couple of small cafés, all of which is a good thing, given the price of food in the hotel’s restaurant (see below). There are also a few pubs and small restaurants across the street.Check-in was quick and uneventful. I had a standard room for £155 per night. A colleague who had stayed in the hotel a couple of weeks earlier suggested I try to get a room on the club floor. I looked into it, but the available rate was £215 per night, and it wasn’t clear to me that I’d get anywhere close to £60 worth of value by moving to that floor. I never did see a room on the club floor, but the standard room was perfectly fine.The hotel’s look reminds me very much of the W Hotel in New York, but fortunately that similarity does not extend to the size of the rooms, which is a real problem at the W, but was not an issue here. My husband was with me for the first night, and even with two of us the room didn’t feel crowded. The bed was large and very comfortable, there’s good working space at the desk, as well as a separate small table, and good closet and drawer space. The bathroom is quite spacious.The room had all the amenities you’d expect, including high-speed internet. I thought that this service was outrageously expensive in New York (and it is) at about US$15 per night in many midtown hotels. Apparently that’s a bargain, now that I’ve seen the Hilton’s £15 per night. Seriously, £15. C’mon, Hilton people. I know London’s expensive, and I know that you have a semi-captive audience, but that’s pure gouging.There’s also a standard size in-room safe, which wouldn’t be noteworthy, except that there’s a sticker on the inside of the safe door that asks you to leave the door open when you check out, and that also says “Caution: Suffocation Danger”. I’m not sure how short they think I am, but they can rest assured that I had no intention of climbing inside the safe and closing the door behind me.The bathroom had a North American-style power outlet; the fact that there was also one at the work desk was an unexpected bonus.I ate only one meal in the hotel – a breakfast. The hostess at the restaurant was another symptom of the “form over function” theme. While she was exotic and beautiful, she wasn’t very helpful. At the front podium, I asked for a table for one. She asked for my room number, looked me up on the computer, and pointed out that breakfast was not included in my room rate. I said that was fine. She printed off a slip of paper and gave it to me to sign. It didn’t have any charges on it; just my name and room number. I thought it a bit odd but I signed it and she glided to my table with me in tow.I sat at the table for a few minutes without getting any attention, despite the fact that I was at one of about three occupied tables in the whole place, and there seemed to be six or eight staff moving about the restaurant. I finally asked the hostess for a menu, to which she replied that I had signed the slip for the “full English breakfast” (read: heartstopper special) buffet. That was news to me, and I was never given the option, nor was I told there was a buffet (which wasn’t visible from my table). I asked how much the buffet was, and on being told that it was £20, I elected to go à la carte. The breakfast was decent, although expensive, and as a final confirmation of form over function, the toast arrived on a silver “toast caddy” that carefully held all four slices away from each other in a position that ensured maximum cooling by the time the toast reached the table. I would have much preferred the tried and true method of a basket covered by a napkin.Overall, a very nice and dependable hotel, although it could benefit from a bit more attention to what works rather than what looks good.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great hotel	Very nice modern hotel with nice large, clean rooms with lovely big comfy beds. The staff were really friendly and helpful and the location is great. I'd definitely recommend staying here it's a great choice for a London hotel.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great weekend in London	We live in the suburbs of London, and a few times a year stay in town. Most newer (recently built) hotels in the £100 price range we've stayed in tend to feel small and ship-cabin-like. Most older hotels have tended to feel, well, old. The Hilton London Tower Bridge felt fresh, spacious, the service was impeccable, and the location near London Bridge station and Borough Market is just right. Probably have found our preferred London pad. BTW, we have a 3-year old boy, and he liked it too; twice he's asked when we're staying at the hotel again.	
Feb 27 2007	Hilton trying harder....	One night stay using Hilton HHonors points.Location: On the South Bank, adjacent to London Bridge Station rather than Tower Bridge as one may mistakenly assume from the name. Tower Bridge can be seen in all its glory a quarter of a mile downriver. The location is close to the Financial City district and the clientele reflects a mix of business and leisure travelers. It's well situated for tourist activities, having the advantage of being somewhat away from the traditional tourist areas, with their attendant higher prices, but within easy transportation access of anywhere. HMS Belfast, the British warship on permanent exhibition, is moored directly behind the Hotel. The London Dungeon is one minute away, and the London Eye is close by. As an ex-pat Londoner I was impressed with the overall regeneration of a once run down area, which now features multiple food outlets, and (more expensive) restaurants and bars. For the budget conscious traveler, the excellent Marks and Spencer has a food outlet directly outside the Hotel, alongside a Caffe Nero, and a Prêt a Manger. What more could one want.Safety rating: 7/10. Although Big City common sense always applies. The Property: New, European in design, and reflects a fairly high level of furnishings and cleanliness at this time. Check in: Upon arrival was directed to check in at 9th floor lounge. Smooth and fast, allocated exec floor room + exec lounge access.Most of the staff here are European rather than English, and are in some stage of training it seems. The exec lounge featured snacks and refreshments throughout the day, plus a cooked breakfast option on weekends. Also free cat5 internet is available on the two provided machines with printers that actually work.Elevators: Yes x 4 - Good.Restaurants: Did not useConcierge: Competent. English not 1st languageSmoking: Unfortunately Yes. A distinct turn off in public areas. The lobby features a modern terraced open plan design, and incorporates a large bar area, with satellite sitting areas to the side featuring T-mobile Wifi access. It currently serves as a lively gathering place for the 20 / 30 something's in the evenings.The Room: Compact, and modern in design and form. Bed OK. Noise level was low. Overall 7/10For the US traveler: London Hotels feature smaller rooms than you may be used to, and the star rating is sometimes different. Prices however are always guaranteed to shock. Stay again? Yes. US Rating: Solid 4 star	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Hotel	Just back from a weekend at the Hilton Tower Bridge. Excellent Hotel, great location , friendly staff, lovely food would definately stay again.	
Feb 20 2007 	Fantastic	Stayed here for a weekend in February. Rooms are very smart, comfortable and clean, the staff friendly and attentive, and the hotel itself is in a fantastic location with good restaurants, pubs, and shops nearby, not to mention the waterfront a mere stone's throw away. Well worth paying a little extra on a rate which includes breakfast - our room cost £8 more than our friend's whose rate didn't include it and it was £8 well spent. We were spoilt for choice but opted for the cooked breakfast which kept us going all day and is actually charged at £19.50 (yes £19.50!!!!) each if paying as an extra. Would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone and will be staying here again next time we visit London.	
Feb 20 2007 	A great hotel for a short break in London	Stayed for 2 nights over a weekend and was very impressed. The decor is clearly new and has been finished well.The rooms are a good size with excellent bathroom facilities (free toiletries as expected). Had the buffet dinner on the first night which was very pleasant. This was included in the price of our stay (£219 for 2 nights, 2 breakfasts and 1 dinner). Breakfast wass buffet and had everything you would expect with a wide range of food and friendly staff. Even though the location was central heard no outdoor noise (we were on floor 8) and also no noise from other rooms or the corridor either. If you dont know London make sure you come out of the train station via the Tooley Street exit and head right along Tooley Street for about 2 minutes - it is on the opposite side of the road to the station. Easy to find if you head the right way!	
Feb 18 2007 	Excellent hotel will go there again.	I spent one night at the Hilton and found the hotel absolutely perfect. The entire room including bed, bath and furniture are perfect and made my stay a pleasure. It's location is perfect if you have to stay in the centre of the city.	
Feb 15 2007 	Not your average Hiliton... better!	Stayed here over a long weekend (Friday-Monday). Because it's near the City and not the first part of town most tourists would consider you might be able to catch a cheap rate here over the weekend. I paid U$107 on Priceline, which for London is a steal.Many Hiltons tend to have a bland, sterile, corporate feel, but not this one. This hotel is essentially a boutique, and lots of little touches give it the feel of a W. Some don't really matter (cut metal digits for the room numbers) some matter to a few people (flexy nightlights installed in the walls) and some matter a lot (HUGE towels) but they all send the message someone was paying attention.Check-in was smooth; I had no problem receiving a queensize bed. While not in Westin Heavenly Bed territory, it was still comfortable. The TV is a plasma and gets CNN World and Bloomberg World in addition to the usual UK fare and a smattering of Continental channels. There is the typical assortment of toiletries and again, those huge towels. I didn't order any food and had only one staff request, which was accommodated fine. One night I had stayed out late and didn't get back to my room until 9am, and slept through most of the day. I had left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out and was never bothered, but a card was slipped under my door inviting me to call down when I was ready for maid service. By the time I was ready to head out, around 5pm, I wasn't sure housekeeping was still around. But sure enough they were, and my room was cleaned when I got back later that night.Plenty of touristy things are nearby, such as the Tate Modern, Southwark Cathedral, the Dungeon and (across the river) the Tower. The London Bridge tube is maybe a 3-4 minute walk. Or take the scenic walk across the bridge for the Monument station. The best way here from Heathrow by tube is probably Piccadilly Line --&gt; Green Park --&gt; Jubilee Line --&gt; London Bridge. A couple mini-grocery stores are nearby and sell sandwiches and other prepacked meals.As with any boutique hotel it has its quirks: the combination of light switches worked a bit weirdly, the tub/shower &quot;curtain&quot; was a swinging plexiglass separator that seemed a bit too short and the only way I could get the tub drain to open was to remove it with my hands. As others have mentioned there is the Minibar of Death: touch something and you pay -- GBP 7 for a mini bottle!! -- so enter at your own risk.In all, it's hard to go wrong with this hotel, and I hope to stay here again.	
Feb 15 2007 	Nice new Hilton	Stayed here for long weekend in Jan. Its a modern smart Hilton. Found staff friendly and helpful but als nicely discrete. Rooms reasonable size, clean. Usual Hilton price apply for bar, room service, etc. Disappointed with room service menu when we arived late as not really looking for big meal - looking for sandwiches, burger, etc. Handy for London bridge station and good shops round abou - M&amp;S Simply FOod, Boots, etc. Overall really enjoyed.	
Feb 12 2007	Great new addition to this part of town	A worthy addition to the Hilton stable. Very central with underground and main-line rail stations literally yards away, so if you know London, there's little need for taxis to/from the hotel itself. For the first-time visitor to London there's a good choice of tourist attractions close by and you're right on the River Thames walkway.A fresh, new, almost 'boutique style' hotel - not necessarily what one immediately thinks of with Hilton - but more than adequate.Good value packages available from the hotel's own website. Upgraded rooms get access to a small but welcoming Exec lounge.The only negative comment from my visit would be some rather noisy and difficult to adjust air-conditioning but it would appear that this was being addressed. The reception indicated that this was a problem that others had commented on. Once this is fixed then it gets a 5* from me.	
Feb 5 2007 	Great location excellent valuet	We migrated from our hotel room on the West side to the East side to take in the Tower of London and St. Paul's cathedral. This hotel is new and is a very good value for London. Our room had a modern feel to it and we had an upgrade because of status with Hilton. Breakfast was included in the cost of the room because of gold status - excellent. Take the river walk for an easy stroll to the Tower of London. There's an excellent pizzeria around the corner from Fuller's.	
Jan 5 2007 	Modern hotel great price good location	I stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge during the Christmas period. This is a very modern Hilton property and is located very close to London Bridge railway station and tube (Northern and Jubilee lines).Check in was fast and friendly. As a Diamond card holder, an executive room was offered without prompting. During the period between Christmas and New Year, the executive lounge was closed but all usual perks were available from the main bar without charge.As mentioned in previous reviews, the rooms are modern and very comfortable, staff are polite and very helpful, and the hotel is located close to tourist attractions, the south bank, and decent pubs. There is a very useful M&amp;S Simply Food store a few paces from reception.Prices for staying at Hilton Tower Bridge do seem to range from reasonable to very expensive. I booked via the hotels own website a few days before my stay and paid £113.If this is a glimpse of what we can expect of future new Hilton Hotels, then we all have something to look forward to.	
Jan 3 2007 	gorgeous	Absolutely gorgeous hotel, got a great deal for this hotel at €155 for one night. We had a standard room which had a view of London Bridge. The room was gorgeous, it was big, modern and very clean. There was an ironing board and iron and gorgeous La Source toiletries. Only thing was the shower wasn't great, as in it wasn't very powerful. The bed was AMAZING so good we didn't want to get out of bed the next day. The bed was massive and had a soft and gorgeous duvet and pillows. The mini bar was great, great selection. Their was an ice machine on every floor which was so handy. I had a cocktail in the bar which was lovely. The concierge were brilliant and the staff were lovely. Our check-in and check-out were hassle free and quick. There are loads of shops and restaurants nearby. There was absolutely no noise at night, we slept like babies. Would definately stay in this hotel again it was gorgeous.	
Dec 29 2006 	Loved the view	Stayed at the hotel over Christmasfabulous views looking at the Tower from our bedsituated at the east end of London but easy to acess to the centre of london, hotel food reasonable and service goodWetherspoons pub just a short walk in both directions at 1.85 a pint would stay here again as the rates are good	
Nov 29 2006	New hotel just fabulous	Stayed for the weekend in this extremely comfortable hotel. It is very close to Tower Bridge and the London Dungeons. It has only been open about 6 months but the service and accommodation were excellent. The rooms are comtemporary and beds are very comfortable. Beautiful buffet breakfast every morning. The evening dinner wasn't the best, but ok.Every member of staff was extremely helpful and polite. A word of warning about the mini bar. Don't touch anything or move anything unless you are thirsty or hungry because as soon as you do, the computer on reception automatically knows what you have touched and it goes straight on to your bill!! My daughter and I had a good old nosy around and only read the fridge door the very next day. Luckily the receptionist saw the funny side when I explained, and she took it straight off the bill.Would definitely go and stay here again as it was such a lovely place.	
Nov 29 2006	Hilton property but not Hilton conform	Chose this hotel for my weekly London stays once it opened a couple of months ago due to its location and vicinity to my office. It's nice and modern but it is also one of those properties where you should expect absolutely nothing as a Hilton Honours Diamond members. I find it rather degrading having to prompt the staff for the benefits one would be entitled to. Not sure whether this is down to lack of staff training, lack of experience owing to the fact that it is a newly opened hotel, or simply a s-o-d it attitude.Also, I don't drink much, but other guests complain that the executive lounge bar closes at 9pm. Hardly any time left then to have a night cap if you arrive late from the office.I'll keep quiet and will take my business bake to the Marriott where membership benefits are far more consistent.	
Nov 26 2006	A great hotel	We stayed here for a long weekend at the end of October. Being a Hilton Honors VIP Gold Card member we were automatically upgraded to the executive floor, which is always welcome.Being on this floor you have complementary drinks (soft &amp; alchoholic) and snacks in the evening as well as breakfast in the morning.Being a brand new hotel, it only opened a couple of months earlier, the room was imaculate with a very contempory feel and even some modern art on the wall. The colour theming was black and red and the bathroom had a separate bath and shower and modern basin. The lighting in the main room was more than adequate and there was a lot of space in the wardobe.The room had a decent size flat screen tv and we also got robes and slipers.This hotel is in a great location, being just a short walk from both london bridge station and tower bridge. All the staff were very friendly from check-in to check-out. I will definetley be stopping here again	
Nov 21 2006 	Nice Hotel Very Expensive	I stayed for 1 night on a business trip and I agree with the previous writer, it's in an excellent central location close to the tube. Rooms are spotless and very modern. However, I do think the price of £220 approx is a bit excessive for 1 night, bed and breakfast. (can't remember exactly the breakdown for breakfast and room) My company chose and picked up the bill for the hotel, because there is no way I would have paid that price for one night. I've stayed in Hiltons before and they are good hotels, but I do think you can get just as nice other hotels in central London for less money.	
Nov 15 2006 	What a surprise!!!	I have to said that I will return to this Hilton near Tower Bridge. The location is great as you are nearby to the London Dungeon, Borough Market and the HMS Belfast. Cool atmosphere, not arty but just Modern and very comfortable. In the bedroom we had a large comfortable armchair. The bar is stylish and staff are professioonal in the art of Cocktail. I had a Rhubarb Daiquiri, a real nectar...The Breakfast was superb as always in Hilton and we walk to the Tate Modern on the Sunday, just 15 minutes walk. I recommand you the walk on the river side as it is very nice.This hotel is just the right one for a London weekend break.	
Nov 15 2006	Excellent Stay		
Nov 10 2006 	Very good hotel		
Nov 9 2006 	Nice modern hotel		
Nov 6 2006 	Good location		
Nov 2 2006 	Fabulous weekend		
Nov 1 2006 	Faultless service great location.		
Oct 27 2006 	Great decor but average service		
Oct 25 2006	Stunning Hotel 		
Oct 9 2006 	Excellant hotel		
Oct 3 2006 	Nice Experience		
Nov 5 2009 	een garantie voor een zorgeloze vakantie		
Aug 27 2009 	Perfecto		
Aug 15 2009 	????????????		
Jul 31 2009 	??????????		
Jul 27 2009 	buon albergo		
Jun 30 2009 	Gran elección		
Jun 21 2009 	Moderno algo impersonal; merece la pena si hay una buena oferta		
Jun 2 2009 	Hotel eccellente		
May 25 2009 	spettacolare!		
Apr 16 2009 	Excelente hotel		
Apr 8 2009 	Assolutamente perfetto!!!!!		
Mar 10 2009 	molto bello		
Mar 2 2009 	?????????????????????		
Feb 11 2009 	Excellent Hôtel à deux stations du centre		
Feb 2 2009 	Déco moderne !!		
Dec 31 2008 	Excellente adresse		
Oct 28 2008 	Ausgezeichneter Service		
Oct 21 2008 	Gewohnten Hilton Standard nicht ganz erreicht ...		
Oct 1 2008 	Schönes Hotel saubere Zimmer!		
Sep 30 2008 	Excellent Hotel - Qualité de Service		
Jul 21 2008 	Tolles Hotel!		
Dec 9 2007 	genial bastante bueno para londres		
Jul 9 2007 	Schönstes Hotel in London		
May 29 2007	Parfait		
May 9 2007 	Top Stadthotel (sehr zu empfehlen)		
Mar 29 2007 	Fantástica calidad precio		
