	Montana...Perfect Elegance.	For a anniversary gift to my wife to London we decided to stay at the Montana Hotel, Kensington. The Montana was chosen on recommendation from a work colleague. And was perfect in every way. The location was perfect. Bang in the heart of Kensington and Knightsbridge with all the convenience to shopping, bars and what london has to offer.The hotal itself is on Gloucester Road and opposite Gloucester tube station so very ideal for quick train ride to all sites of London and a short walk to Kensington Palace and Gardens. As soon as we arrived it looked exactly like the website photographs and the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The rooms are very adequate for a short stay, simple but elegant. I requested a bottle of champagne to be placed in the room before i arrived, i had explained to reception it was my first anniversary. With my surprise there were also complimentary box of chocolates and a rose placed on the bed, of course i took all the credit when my wife asked ( but thanks guys for the extras). The hotel has an indian restaurant which also serves breakfast and is very convenient to have a quick breakfast before you go out and explore. When we asked the reception for directions and places to go they were very helpful and even arranged a couple of excursions for us whist we were out. Overall a fantastic hotel and very accessible with a fantastic location. Keep it up Montana.	
	A bit of a let-down	The location was suberb being just 100 metres from Gloucester Road tube station. But sadly I was quite let down by the service in the reception. The guy I encounted seemed quite annoyed that someone was disturbing him while he was surfing on the internet. The room was okay in size, but the shower had almost no pressure at all!! I was also quite disappointed that I only got a small bar of soap!! No shampoo whatsoever. I will not return to this hotel!!!	
Nov 16 2009 	I'll def be going back!!	I stayed at the hotel recently with a few friends and I was pleasantly surpised by how much I appreciated the kindness the staff showed us right from entering the door. Its amazing what a diference friendly staff can make to your holiday. The rooms were more than satisfactory, comfortable with good house keeping facilities and flat screen to keep you company in your night ins!The hotel has a restaurant which served lovely food - and the great thing about it was that the menu was completely reasonably priced. The hotel had good information on the tourist hot spots and were able to provide more than enough tips and suggestions for our break. They even arranged transport services for us which can take away a lot of the un wanted stress. The hotel itself was situated in a location that was lively and had a lot to offer with a closeby tube stn to get around london.I would def recommend this hotel!	
Nov 16 2009 	Amazing Staff perfect Hotel highly Recommend	I stayed with 5 friends for 2 nights when we had a weekend reunion. A great location, so close to a lot of London's attractions and tube stations. We stayed in 3 double rooms at the top of the hotel which were nice seized rooms and good seized bathroom to share, The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very clean. Overall the hotel was very well decorated and had lots of character. The staff couldn't do enough for us and were very friendly. The helped us in every way they could, and with a personally touch. Breakfast was delicious and there was lots of it too, hot and cold. They have an amazing Indian restaurant that serves the most scrumptious food. The price of the hotel was great too! It enabled us to spend more money on enjoying ourselves. Considering a large chunk of money goes on hotel costs I would definitely recommended it and plan on staying there again. Thanks to all the staff for a great stay!	
Nov 15 2009 	Not as promised	As an Australian traveling to London for the first time I wanted to experience good service from a good looking hotel. The website had me sold, free Internet, free pay tv, nice looking rooms and Ironing board all were nice attractions. The staff billed our credit card for the full stay on our arrival, I was immidatley suspicious. We were told our room was on the first floor and found it behind the reception desk. The window showed a view of a service ally, accompanied with a loud leaky pipe. The door didn't even open fully, making the process of getting our suitcases into the room tedious. The promised ironing facilities were nowhere to be seen and the tv was charged by the movie. The bathroom was small but manageable however we were only given one towel each and a bar of soap. There was a glass in the bathroom also which was never replaced nor washed, not exactly &quot;Deluxe.&quot; The few good things about the hotel were the location, being so close to Gloucester RD station was a happy bonus that made travel to everywere simple. The other convenience was the attached Restaurant &quot;Light Of India&quot; which was overpriced however had great food and, when compared to the unhelpful hotel staff, were a godsent. Liked: The location (Can't be beaten) and attached restaraunt.Disliked: The room, the hotel staff, the promises made on the website and the lack of service for price. The only reason why this hotel would be considered bad is the price, all you are paying for is the location, with a lot of other places to stay in the area its not worth it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Disgusting	I have travelled extensively and have slept in tents in Africa, huts in Vietnam and superb lodgings in Nepal but this Hotel from the moment we entered was a massive failure. The first room was right behind the front desk area adjacent to the roof mounted air conditioner. The second room had 3 single beds in it but at least it was off the ground floor.Service at the desk was non existent. When I tried to get clarity as to where we were precisely on the map the desk person continued to say &quot;you are here&quot; and did not look or point anyhting out on the map but simply surveyed the surroundings.We were booked to stay there for 3 nights,checked out after the first and moved to the nearby Crowne Plaza...excellent hotel. Went back to the Hotel Montana as I had left a leather portfolio case there the day before.The person said if they had found anything,they would have thrown it out. Unbelievable! I asked him if the housecleaners had found a gold watch would they have thrown that out also. Apparently they throw everything out which is extremely hard to believe. Would not call housecleaner because it was past 5pm regardless of the fact we were leaving London the next morning.Absolutely devoid of service and the rooms were bare bones.	
Nov 8 2009 	Excellent Stay - Advise all my friends to stay here	From the moment me partner and i walked into the hotel, we were made to feel very welcome. It was our first visit to the Montana Hotel, and I just wish we would have found it sooner. The staffs are so warm and helpful, I never get this much of a personal touch at 4-5 star hotels. We were shown to our rooms, which satisfactorily cosy and had everything as expected. We also had access to a selection of videos on the TV. When we were looking to plan an evening out, the very helpful and delightful receptionist, planned and suggested wonderful places, and made to so easy for us. We were ordered a car, and the whole evening was wonderful. The hotel is at the centre of everything, with all places at a near by distance, you will never not have anything to do or see. The nearest tube is just across the road, and theatres, museums etc are so close.  It didn't just stop there. We were completely made to feel at home, and also made some friends there with other guests, that said they had been coming there for years. The hotel has a restaurant inside, that serves the most exquisite Indian food that had us going back for more, night after night. All in all I will definitely be going back here, as the warmness, staff and service of this hotel is like no other.	
Nov 7 2009 	Rude reception at Montana Hotel	I was attracted to Montana by the location and the pricing, however, i was totally put off by the rudeness of the people manning the reception, especially this person by the name of Chris. He totally snubbed his nose at me when i asked for the cheapest rate at the hotel, as i was alone and did not need luxury, being alot out of the hotel anyway. When i first enquired, they quoted me a price and i indicated my interest. I had to then leave in a hurry to attend to some things. Within an hour, when i returned and was prepared to place a deposit for my booking, i was informed that the price earlier quoted was no longer available as the room they were quoting me for had been taken up! From the way things were handled, i had difficulty believing that that was the truth. It was also the way Chris and his colleague were playing &quot;good guy, bad guy&quot;,Having said that, however, i have to say that i really liked the staff who served at the restaurants. They were very friendly and attentive to my needs, and sensitive to my desires. It was such a saving grace for this hotel.The rooms were ok. Very small, though, but liveable if you are going to be mostly out and just come back to rest. Certainly, polite reception staff would have changed the whole impression for this hotel as they are the first persons that guests see. Oh well ...!	
Nov 7 2009	Perfect for a trip to the Royal Albert Hall	I'm a thirtysomething from Manchester who was bringing my mum to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and was looking for an inexpensive hotel near to the venue and near to the Tube.Having read the recent reviews put on the site after I booked, I was slightly concerned. I needn't have been, as I was in fact pleasantly surprised. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The location of the hotel was excellent being close to Gloucester Road Tube and about 15 mins walk from the Royal Albert Hall (less if you walk quicker than my mum!). There are also lots of shops / food outlets in the vicinity such as Tesco, Waitrose, Boots, Pret a Manger.The twin room we were in (no. 111) was a good size. There were tea and coffee making facilities, a good size TV with some freeview channels and internet access. The room and the bathroom were spotlessly clean. Admittedly there was only a small bar of soap provided but that didn't bother me as I always bring my own toiletries anyway. The shower was hot and powerful. Breakfast the next day was simple but sufficient, tea/coffee/fruit juice, cereal, toast and jam. You could pay extra for a fry up etcAt £100 inclusive of the breakfast, I thought the hotel was very good value and perfect for our needs. From my experience there are no cheap but outstanding hotels in London (unless there's a special deal to be had) and I have in the past paid similar money for a much shoddier hotel.Finally, if you're looking for somewhere to have dinner on the way to or back from the Albert Hall try Da Mario on Gloucester Road for good pizza and pasta.	
Oct 29 2009 	Not worth it	Thinking this would be a great place to take my mother for a girly weekend the website certainly sold it - I learned a big lesson- just pay more. The hallway smelled like a toilet in a student flat that may have been due to the bathrooms that are randomly placed around the hotel. We had to get moved as we were on the 4th floor the first night and when I got up to have a shower was told the water pressure was bad and if I waited an hour or so it would be better- really they said that. The en suite in the first room was smaller than my own ensuite and decorated as the rest of the hotel was in a classic 80s style - that was made in the 80s. It was bismal. The best part was upon arrive there was a sign in the window offering rooms for £55. I am sure you can do much worse in London but this was pretty disappointing.	
Oct 16 2009 	Does not deserve a 4 star rating.More like a 2 star.	The website made the hotel look quite impressive and £95 for a room with continental breakfast seemed like a good deal. However,on our arrival we were shown to a room just behind reception which was dark,overheated and lacking in amenities.There were no toiletries apart from a couple of small bars of soap,no ironing board and iron(although the website states that every room has one),no mini bar,no hot drink making facilities and,nowhere to hang a towel in the bathroom. There was also some sort of extractor fan outside the window which came on and off intermittently all night.Obviously my request for a quiet room was totally ignored!I complained about the room but was told the hotel was full (although the breakfast room the following day did not seem overcrowded). The breakfast was poor - stewed coffee,a few pices of toast(white bead only),jam,juices,cereals and tinned fruit. However,on a plus note the staff were very attentive.I deliberately picked a 4 star hotel as I thought we would get good accomodation but this was a rip-off. The only plus side was that ir was a couple of minutes walk from the tube.My advice is - avoid at all costs. There are other hotels in the area which may be more expensive but probably worth paying a bit more to get a decent room.	
Oct 10 2009 	Better value elsewhere	Stayed 9 nights recently, and would advise you to look around for better value. The location is good, being moments walk from the underground, but so are hundreds of better hotels in London. The elevator was too small for two people and our luggage, the air conditioning was so loud that we had to wear ear plugs (but were told it was 'normal' and that we must be light sleepers...we're not) and the room was so small you could not walk side by side between the bed and dresser. The breakfast was okay, considering they provided some cut fruit with their cereal and toast, but heavy on the carbs and no protein (e.g. no eggs or yoghurt or cheese unless you bought from the regular menu). Love London, not this hotel and I've travelled far and wide and stayed in quite a few.	
Sep 30 2009 	This hotel was perfect for us	I have just returned home from the most wonderful visit to London. I sincerely believe this vacation was enhanced by our choice of hotel. I was looking for a small hotel as I am getting tired of the larger-than-life, impersonal, anonymous hotels. The elevator was small but I was happy that there was one! The whole point of the trip was to see London and by staying somewhere affordable I was able to do everything that I wanted to. I read reviews here before I left and I have to admit I was a bit nervous about staying at the Montana. This hotel more than exceeded my expectations. The staff was friendly and knowledgable about their city. They were friendly first thing in the morning at breakfast and inquired about our day when we returned to the hotel. As we were two ladies travelling alone I felt a bit more comfortable knowing that someone in this large city had an idea what I was doing. Don't get me wrong - they weren't being nosy, just friendly. When asked, they offered suggestions about whether it would be better to take the tube or bus at a particular time of day i.e. rush hour, where to buy items that I was looking for, etc.  Our room was very clean. It was small but it was all we needed. I loved the layout. It was a narrow room with the ends of the single beds facing each other. The bathroom was a good size with a full-size tub and shower. The tub was bigger than our tubs at home and we enjoyed a soak in it every night after returning from out sightseeing. When we needed more towels I just phoned the desk and they were brought to us right away. Across the street is a major grocery store with a good, fresh selection of fruits and vegetables, cooked chickens, pre-made sandwiches, dairy, etc. As our room had a fridge we were able to save a bit of money by buying our supper at the grocery store. There was even enough money left over at the end of the week that we were able to see another play in the west end. The hotel is across the street from the tube (subway) and less than a 10 minute walk to a bus stop. It's also within walking distance of Harrod's but you may need to take a bus back with all of your purchases. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. It's not too fancy, but it was exactly what we were looking for.  Keep in mind that if you are friendly and nice to people they will reflect that back to you.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location Great Value and Great Staff	The Montana Hotel looks impressive from the outside however it is not quite the luxurious hotel it looks to be. Having said that, from the minute we arrived the staff were as friendly and as helpful as could be. The place was clean and the rooms satisfactory. The location was brilliant about 3-5 mins away from the nearest tube station and was absolutely brilliant value. Would definitely reccomend. This has to be londons best hotel for value as well as location.	
Aug 13 2009 	Loved this hotel - great value!	We stayed at the Montana Hotel in London in June 2008, LOVED IT! The value is terrific for London Hotels. The location is fantastic, you are close to the &quot;tube&quot; to bus routes and there are many stores, banks, etc. right in the same block of the hotel. We couldn't have asked for a better location. The rooms are small, but they are your typical European style rooms, they were clean, comfy and suited our needs well. The staff were friendly and helpful. People complain about the breakfast but we found the breakfast just fine. There was cold cereal, toast, tea, coffee and juice. If you want a larger breakfast you can order it from their menu. What more do you need?We will definitely stay at the Montana Hotel the next time we are in London. It's a great hotel.	
Jul 4 2009 	Good value hotel in nice part of London	We stayed overnight at the Montana while attending a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. Having booked it online at £90.00 including breakfast I was wondering what sort of accommodation we would get, but we got a nicely decorated, clean, albeit small room with decent shower room en suite, flat screen TV, safe, air conditioning (it was 31 deg. in London at the time) - a real bargain for Kensington. The staff are friendly, breakfast good - you could order eggs etc. at extra cost - but the toast,cereals, juice and coffee were fine for us. There was also fresh fruit on offer but I'm not sure if it was included in our package.This area of London is really nice, safe, close to all amenities (banks, Waitrose, Tesco, Starbucks, Pret A Manger etc.), 2 decent English pubs, loads of restaurants, and only a 10-15 minute walk to the Royal Albert Hall. Gloucester Road tube is just adjacent.Recommended.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Place to Stay	We caught the tube from Heathrow in the very early hours of the morning, around 12.30, which I would not reccomend doing especially families with lots of luggage. It was quite stressful after a long haul flight, and my daughter left one of her bags behind on the tube. Having said that, it is a cheap and convenient way to get to the hotel as the station is literally righty accross the road from the hotel. As we had lots of luggage, and the lift was so small only one of us could go up at a time, we thought they might give us a hand witht he luggage, but maybe there was only limited staff at that time of the night. We had a quad room (2 singles and a double) which was adequate although not a lot of space to put our luggage. The bathroom was a lot smaller than we were used to in Australia, but it did the job. Our room was overlooking Gloucester Road which was lovely. The only thing i didnt like was that the windows didnt open, which gave the room a stuffy feeling, but im sure that wouldnt matter at any other time of the year, because we were lucky enough to have beautiful, almost hot weather for our entire stay. The location is excellent with a short walk to Kensington High Street and down the other end restaurants, post office, tesco's, burger king, starbucks, etc. Quite a lively area, well into the night but wasn't disturbing to us. A very nice walk to Hyde park down Cromwell Road and close to the Natural History Museum, and Harrods. Breakfast was the highlight of the hotel for us, because we really enjoyed the cereal and toast, because we didnt feel like anything more. Peter the waiter made our breakfast enjoyablewith his great service, and he gave us reccomendations on many different attractions around the city. Overall we have great memories of staying at the Montana, and would reccomend it.	
May 27 2009 	Can't wait to come back!	I stayed here April 20-26, 2009. Even though I arrived earlier than the posted check-in time, they had my room ready and waiting for me. And what a pleasant surprise of a room it was! The last couple of times I've stayed in London, I was at another hotel in the same area where I was put in a dark, cramped, grimy room barely big enough for one single bed. But at the Montana, my room (number 311) was clean and bright, and spacious.The bathroom was small, but not uncomfortably so. I requested a tub, and it was large, with plenty of space for soaps and shampoos. As mentioned in previous reviews, this hotel does not provide shampoo, which is not an issue with me as I prefer my own brand. They did provide a small bar of soap and two towels. The soap and towels were replaced daily. There is a Boots and grocery store in the tube station shopping arcade across the street, where you can buy anything else you need. Another nice touch was the mirrored medicine cabinet and glass-holder built into the wall. There room had its own thermostat control, and the A/C worked very well. The room had a queen and a single bed, a large window overlooking a charming residential street behind the hotel, and more drawers and electrical outlets than I could use. The plugs are British-style only, so you'll need adapters if you're from another country. I bought a couple inexpensive ones at Boots. There was also a good-sized wardrobe, where the room safe was tucked away. I bought soda and pre-made sandwiches, and fruit from the nearby grocery stores, and kept them in the mini-fridge. This left me more money for shows and other attractions!The elevator is indeed small, but large enough for my friend and I to go up together with our (carry-on sized) bags. My first night there, I discovered that the bathtub drain was broken. I called it in the next morning, and the maintenance was there within the hour. He replaced the entire drain unit and it was perfect for the rest of my stay. He, and the rest of the staff, were very polite and friendly. As others have noted, the location of this hotel can't be beat. The Gloucester Road station is right across the street. Don't forget to look BOTH ways, and watch out for vehicles turning left around the corner from Gloucester Road onto Cromwell Road - they have the right of way, even on red! It's a straight shot from Heathrow airport on the Piccadilly line (both ways took me less than 30 minutes). The station is also served by Circle and District lines. The wide-screen TV was really nice, especially as it came with FREE music and movies on demand. Loved it. There was also a good variety of channels available, including the various BBC stations, ITV, Channel 5, and a few other cable choices. The TV also had a clock and wake-up alarm built into it, which you set with the remote control. The man at the front desk gave me a slip of paper with the wifi network key so I could use the free Internet. You have to set your connection to key index 2, which I suspect flummoxes some guests ... especially those with Macs using OSX, as it only supports key index 1! However, I was using a netbook with Windows XP and got hooked up without any problems. The connection was on the slow side, but perfectly adequate for checking e-mail and looking up addresses on Google maps. Basically, this hotel had everything I was hoping to find (great location, wifi, mini-fridge, A/C, safe, tub) and more! I'm very much looking forward to staying here again, next time I visit London.	
May 18 2009 	Fantastic location and lovely stafff	Stayed as a family with 2 small children in excellent family room with great flat screen tv, wifi, hairdryer, refreshment tray on request at reception, good bathroom. Very helpful staff. Indian restaurant in hotel serves very good food and made children very welcome. Can not be beaten on location, as literally just across the road from Gloucester Road tube station which is approx. just 3 stops from Paddington train station with no changes, very easy to get to. Great for visiting the museums, kensington palace, harrods and hyde park. Would highly recommend and would definately stay again. Yes there are several VERY nice looking hotels close by and they also charge VERY high prices, plus you get charged for the wifi which you don't at the Montana. If you are in London you don't want to sit in your hotel room all day do you. This is just a perfect place to choose.	
May 14 2009	10 days in English Paradise	We 4 ladies (2 18 and 21 and 2 mid 40&quot;s) and stayed at the Montana Hotel in Kensington. It was very good overall. Right across from a tube station(Gloucester rd.) with 2 grocerystores nearby and 2 Starbucks and a 5 minute walk to a laundrymat.Tha front desk staff were friendly and helpful.Our room was the small narrow one pictured on one ladies's previous post but it was fine for my daughter and I as the bathroom was quite large. Yes the elevator was small (me and my big bag only fit in it at one time) but we were on the second floor so walked up all the time.the hotel is only a 7 minute walk to Kensington Palace, Gardens and plenty of teen girl shopping nearby!! the breakfast was just toast and cereal and juice,tea etc but unlimited and good enough several mornings for us. We did 2 Golden bust tours from the hotel and were very happy with both the guides and the meals included. We arrived FRiday April 17 in the rain, then had perfect spring weather for the rest of the 10 days.On the Tuesday we travelled by train to Buxton to visit Chatsworth on the Wednesday, however, when we arrived at the Buckingham Hotel with nothing to do at 2 p.m. on Tuesday the front desk receptionist suggested a climb past the Poole caverns to something called Solomon's Temple. It was so worth it and my 18 year old daughter called this the best part of her entire trip. A small fort set high in with peak district surrounding you with magnificent views. Chatsworth was beautiful my personal favourite of the trip, a must see for all romantic English lovers.WE took the Eurostar to Paris on the Friday, the train was fine the Metro dirty and smelly, the Eiffel tower up the stairs was lovely though tiring ,walked from there to the Musee D'Orsay then the Louvre the on to the Notre Dame and back the same day to LOndon, finishing with high tea at the Orangery at Kensington Palace. The trip overall was wonderful and I cannot wait to go again and see the things I only got to glimpse at.	
Apr 29 2009 	Positively surprised	Surprised after having read some of the reviews. We were 7 having ordered 2 double rooms and a triple room. The triple room was very fine with good space - only did we have the smallest bathroom! The staff were friendly and immediately found another room instead of the basement room they had given us as one of the double rooms. Also very helpful with our luggage because of problems with the lift. Good service at breakfast, so we had a very pleasant stay.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nothing special but more than adequate	Stayed here for two nights, for a theatre/city break. I must say, the location is excellent, the nearest tube station is just over the road, plus plenty of amenities too. The rooms were clean, but not exactly roomy. For that price-range I can't imagine you would get anything bigger in central London though. The en-suite shower room was tiny!! It was actually amazing that they managed to fit a toilet, tiny sink and shower cubicle in such a small space! One thing they didn't manage to fit in was a hand towel. Decor was abit dated, but the flatscreen TV with freeview was pretty cool. Breakfast is advertised as continental, but I'm not sure if I'd class cereal and toast as continental? Chuck in a few pastries!! Cooked brekkie was available at an extra cost. Didn't visit the hotel bar, but did visit the Indian restaurant which was quite nice. 10% discount for hotel guests.  Overall, it did the job for us. We were out from straight after breakfast each day and didn't return til very late, so for a place to rest your head, it was fine. Not sure I'd have wanted to stay there for that much longer though!! Oh, one other thing, the wi-fi connection doesn't work. My laptop could pick up the signal, but it wouldn't connect to the net, wherever I tried, and at various times. That was my only real quibble about the place.	
Apr 14 2009 	You have better hotel choices in the same vicinity! Avoid this Hotel!	This hotel is not recommendable based on different factors, but the first and most important, the lack of service attitude the front desk personnel provides.We had to make a trip to the airport on a Sunday early morning (the tube wasn't working by that time) and the front desk personnel suggested taking a taxi (50 pounds) or making the trip by WALK.After asking the same question to the nearby Underground personnel, they suggested we take a bus (8 blocks from the Hotel) into Heathrow (2 pounds trip) - Unbelievable!!The first night, we asked to the same front desk personnel where to go out for a drink, to a typical London bar... and they suggested to stay in since they had a bar (2 tables, 4 chairs, one small TV)... it really looked like they were making fun of us. Obviously, after taking a few walk, we found an incredible place (big bar) just in front of the tube station.In the same vicinity (5 blocks around the Gloucester Underground station) you have so many Hotels to choose from: I hardly recommend the Gloucester Millenium Hotel: incredible reception and rooms, amazing staff, and just 10 more pounds a night out of the Montana.We had to stay for a single night in another trip into the city, and it was such a great experience!	
Mar 6 2009 	Lovely friendly welcoming staff good clean rooms	The friendliness and helpfulness of the staff at this hotel was second to none. It's unusual to find one member of staff friendly in a London hotel and this was full of them! The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The only thing missing in the rooms was a kettle but the gentleman on reception at night when I returned to the hotel in the evening very kindly got me a cup of boiling water from the kitchen. I was a single female staying on my own in London and I felt very safe in this accommodation, it was very close to the underground station, there are a few shops and cafes close by and there is an Indian restaurant at the hotel, which, although I didn't try it, it looked very full and obviously popular. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. I would also recommend visiting the Churchill Arms pub on Kensington Church Street, very traditional British Pub which serves Thai food in their small cozy restaurant at the back - it's best to book for a table though.	
Jan 31 2009 	Fabulous	Love The Montana Kensington. This is the second year in a row that we have stayed here. Last year the bathroom was tiny so we asked for a larger one and got one on the first floor. The rooms are fairly spacious and very clean, cleaning is done daily and early. The room was at the back of the hotel and was very quiet. We were there January 8th to Jan 15th 2009 and London was VERY COLD, however the room was always warm and you can adjust the heat accordingly. The bathroom was spacious with a bath/shower combo. Always plenty of hot water and good pressure.The front desk personnel are fabulous. The act as your personal agent helping with restaurant confirmations or cancellations, directions, getting on the VIP list for nightclubs etc. Tha staff are very friendly and pesonable(both visits) and all the main staff are the same as last year.The location is amazing, the tube is across the street and Harrods etc and the Museums are 5 minutes away. Try Racine restaurant on Old Brompton Street and Murano(Gordon Ramseys latest) in Mayfair.The Indian restaurant in the Hotel is very good and is quite busy at time so prepare ahead-guests also receive 10% off the bill.We hate preaching to people but cordiallity begets cordiality-some people should adhere to this principle when travelling!!Nuff said We highly recommend this Hotel.Muskoka Guys	
Jan 22 2009 	Cheap cheerful and adequate	Just wanted a real cheap, one night stay, in order to see a show at the Albert Hall. Location excellent for Albert Hall, museums, Hyde Park, Harrods/shops and tube. Hotel looked very pleasant on first sight and received a very friendly greeting. An Indian Restaurant is part of the Hotel and the smell carried up the stairs, but not into our room fortunately. The room was adequate for the great price. No welcome tray in the room but hair dryer, good size tv with lots of channels and small safe. Bathroom was just ok, in need of renovations, a little rough round the edges, ie new silicon needed around the shower and the toilet roll holder was falling off the wall and when sat on the loo, your knees were scrunched up against the hand basin, but again for the price, adequate. The double bed and pillows were comfy enough but the sheets were very sparce and we were fighting for them in the night - needed bigger sheets! Had breakfast in the morning as included in the price - again very basic but as expected for the price. Cereals, juice, toast and tea/coffee. Presume you could have paid for a better breakfast but it did us fine.Would recommend for a one or possibly 2 night stay, but no more. Perfectly adequate for the price, but perfectly adequate to some may not be to others, so rather difficult to say. Overall, 7/10.	
Jan 7 2009 	Loved the Location	Just back from a wonderful 11 day stay over Christmas and New Year's. We loved the Montana. The front desk staff, restaurant staff, housekeeping were all friendly and helpful. Its a great location; we felt very safe there. From previous reviews we knew the hotel was an older budget property; which it was. I found it charming and would stay there again. Three elevator trips to our rooms on the 3rd floor. Our teenagers had a small room with two tandem twin beds; a huge bathroom with tub &amp; shower facing the street. Some traffic noise was heard at night. Our room was acros the hall. a little more space, double bed, and the tinest bathroom, shower only, I have ever seen. A good sized and quality towel with a little bar of soap (no shampoo etc) was left for each person on the bed. I called the fron desk for extra towels and a tea tray. Each day extra towels were left and the tea tray refilled. Breakfast hours are short and later on Sundays and bank holidays. Continental breakfast included coffee, tea or hot chocolate; two slices of toast, two cereal choices, milk, juice and water (maybe tap, if you order water at a restaurant in London or Paris, they bring you an expensive 500ml/16oz water bottle). If not included with your room this was less than 5 pounds (and when you see the price of coffee and size elsewhere, it might seem like a bargain). There are sit down restaurants, Starbucks, Burger King across the street. Each room had a fridge and we kept them stocked from the Waitrose grocery store. Boots (drugstore) also had a decent combo price on a pre-made sandwich/drink/snack. If you have any food allergies or a picky eater I suggest taking a picnic lunch for out of town trips as we found it was tricky for find food for one of our children. The underground is diagonally across the street; Picadilly, Circle, and District lines. Picadilly is quite deep, you will have 30 steps before accessing an elevator to bring you to street level. Circle and District have 36 steps to the street. Very convenient for transport from Heathrow or the trains. Choose an Oster Card or Travel Card (read London Tube reviews on TripAdvisor). We purchased Hop On Hop Off bus vouchers from the hotel. A stop was barely a half block away. I had purchased London Pass vouchers from Canada. It was NOT a good value for us; seeing more than 3 attractions in a day was too ambitious. Had to exchange the voucher in London for the pass - short hours for pick up. The London Pass may save you time in line-ups to purchase separate admissions; reseach if the Hop On Hop Off people let you skip queus as they sell tickets at their stops that are close to attractions. Good maps for when you exit the underground would be helpful. You can be pushed, shoved, stepped on, and rolled over on by luggage or strollers. Its hard to get your bearings as street signs can be on a fence, the building, or nowhere to be found; when you're being swept along by crowds. Not all areas where crowded; just be prepared. Harrods is one of the crowded areas, in the store itself! a 20 minute walk or a quick underground trip. Keep in mind that London prices for food and hotels are easily double to what you would pay in North Amercia. We were very happy with The Montana and would stay there again.	
Jan 5 2009 	bad hotel	Very bad hotel.We stayed in a basement room.Very bad,Very very cold (air condition works very bad and with noise)Room not very clean.Only 1 towel.Staff unpleasant.(breakfast included)The only good thing is the location near the tube station.I don´t know how the other rooms are ,but the basement floor are terrible.Not recommended	
Nov 23 2008 	Good Deal	The place was reasonable, given its location near Kings Cross. The room was a four flight walk-up and a tight fit, but had all I need at a rate under £100. The other hotel across the park under the same ownership, the Hotel California, appeared to have more amenities, and might be worth checking if the Montana is full.	
Nov 19 2008 	Avoid if you can	London is a tough city to get good value for a hotel room. But at the Montana they're not even trying. I spent a hundred pounds a night for one of the worst hospitality experiences I have ever had. Just terrible value. So much is wrong with this place I don't even know where to start. Perhaps I should start with the good bits, as it's easier since there are only two: free wireless internet access and location. The location is very good, near the tube station, cafes, shops etc in a trendy part of town. Granted though, this may not be for everyone. While it may be good for people doing business in the area or even in central London, tourists may prefer to stay somwhere else closer to the main sights. But overall, I don't think you can fault this location.Now on the bad bits. The room is as warm and welcoming as guantanamo bay. It's old, tired, slightly smelly and extremely basic. The bathrrom was designed for very tiny people, the shower is pokey and the water pressure is so so. For 100 pounds all I got was some old soap by the way, so remember to bring everything else. The lift is small and slow and always stinks of something different (if it's not tobacco it's garlic or farts - it's just revolting). Staff at reception looks bored and uninspired. I asked for an iron and they said they were all out; didn't even volunteer to let me know when one was back. They always want your key when you leave the hotel, which I find annoying and unsafe. Breakfast entails tea or coffee, corn flakes, and four burnt slices of toast. For some extra money you could order something else but I didn't dare! The restaurant area looked very unwelcoming, and the table cloths looked like they've been there since world war 2.Anyway, I could go on forever. In frankness, I didn't find this a revolting experience (I didn't see cockroaches or filth, for example) but it's certainly below average. And for 100 pounds a night I think you can expect a little bit better than this.	
Nov 15 2008 	Good place to sleep in a great location...	This was our third visit to the Montana Hotel, which in itself, should indicate that we think this is an excellent place to stay! The location is served by the Picadilly tube line, which travels west to Heathrow airport and northeast right into the center of town. Short answer, you're hard pressed to find a better location, especially if you are coming and going by air.The hotel itself is relatively simple, with modest rooms with OK beds. In three visits, we have never had any trouble with check-in or cleanliness of the room. Sometimes the staff has been more friendly than others, but never inattentive. This is NOT a luxury hotel. Views from the windows consist mainly of rooftops and urban landscape, and the elevator is small and a bit creepy, which has inspired us to get a bit more exercise on the stairs. But the hotel is located in a safe neighborhood with a small shopping center right across the street which has proven helpful for a few groceries and sundries as needs have arisen.It might be worth mentioning that while breakfast is included, this does NOT imply the full English breakfast, but instead, a very limited offering of cereal and toast. You can upgrade, for a price, but you might do better to make your way across the street to Garfunkel's. (I'm a bit partial to the waffles with fruit topping!)London is an expensive place to visit, espescially with a devalued dollar. Despite an earlier report to the contrary, we find the Montana Hotel to be a good value, and a safe, clean place to sleep, well situated to exploring the city of London. I suspect we will visit again!	
Oct 13 2008 	Not at the price	I was in London on business, so this hotel was booked by the company I was working for. The location is good for getting into Central London (just over the road from Gloucester Road tube), and there are a good number of shops/restaurants nearby.I had a very large room (2 double beds and a single!) on the Ground Floor behind the Reception. My colleagues on higher floors had much smaller rooms. There was also a desk and separate writing table and a large LCD TV. The bedroom had obviously been refurbished fairly recently, and the sheets and bedding were very clean. The bathroom was not of the same standard. For example, the bath panel was full of holes and cracks (some of which had been repaired with tape that had obviously peeled off years ago), the cabinet was beginning to fall apart, the toilet was very difficult to flush as the internal mechanism needs attention etc etc. However, the accommodation was clean, and the staff were pleasant.Another worry was that the catches on the windows were either very wobbly, or didn't work at all. I don't think this is acceptable in any standard of hotel, and would be interested to see how my insurance company viewed it if I made a claim.The Bar looked pleasant enough, but was dominated by the TV that always appeared to be on.I would not choose to stay here if I had to pay for myself, as I feel the Corus Hyde Park is much better value, although a few pounds extra. My company paid £90/night including Full English Breakfast and En Suite.	
Aug 17 2008 	Exceptional Staff Made This a "Class A" Experience	We had booked a different hotel in London through a travel agency and on arrival discovered it was not up to advertised standards. In an exhausted and anxious state we walked down the street to learn what else was available and just happened upon The Montana Hotel. Here we were warmly received and the entire staff went out of their way to accommodate us, despite fairly solid bookings, making our stay a relaxing and enjoyable one.  This small, charming hotel is located within easy walking distance from the Gloucester Road Underground Station with small restaurants, shops and several major museums nearby. Thus we had easy access to public transit for travel about the city as well as places to visit on foot such as the Victoria and Albert Museum, Science Museum and Museum of Natural History.  Our rooms were aesthetically attractive with up to date conveniences including internet access, flat screen TV with movie/music choices, small fridge, safe box , air conditioning and adequate closet and storage spaces. Our accommodations were kept exceptionally clean and comfortable by the housekeeping staff. Room prices include a continental breakfast of cereal, toast &amp; jam plus beverages with options for more extensive breakfasts. Meals are served in an attractive dining room which in the eveinings caters to hotel guests as well as others offering delicious Indian cuisine. There is also a small lounge and bar just off the hotel foyer, with a friendly and wonderfully funny bar keep. Though the hotel was almost fully booked when we walked through their doors, the staff went out of their way to find us rooms for that first evening and then, to enable us to depart for our scheduled activities early the next day, moved our luggage to different rooms for the remainder of our stay. The kindness and generosity of the staff cannot be elaborated on enough, from how the day clerk we first met responded to our situation with sympathy while making our stay possible, to the night clerk whom we came to consider as a wonderful new friend. He answered many questions, helping us learn about the city and use the public transit system with ease. At the end of our stay he even carried our bags to the Underground platform we needed for our return trip to Heathrow.  If a giant establishment with swimming pools and grand ball rooms is what you want then look elsewhere. But if an attractive, comfortable hotel where you will feel completely safe and cared for by wonderful people whose service goes beyond expectations suits your needs, then the Montana Hotel is the place to stay. Thank you all at The Montana from the bottom of our hearts.	
Jul 20 2008 	just returned GREAT TIME	just returned from the Montana Hotel had agreat time in london. Booked a family room for 4. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable.The hotel was very good value for money. Breakfast was just what you needed to start the day. Staff were friendly an helpfull. Everthing was right at the doorstep from the hotel.Loved london we all had agreat time and would stay at the Montana again.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Value in excellent location	We stayed at the Montana whilst on a recent trip to the Albert Hall.The location is excellent, opposite Gloucester Road tube with pubs and cafes nearby. It is particularly good for London museums and the Albert Hall and Hyde Park.The hotel itself was clean and rooms are advertised as available from 11.00 am although we had to wait 10 minutes when we arrived at 1.00pm as the maid was still in the room but not a problem as we popped into the Stanthorpe Arms pub for a quick pint. There was no tea tray but this was delivered as soon as we rang down to reception.The room was tidy and clean with air con and flat screen tv. Reception and breakfast service was efficient and overall represented good value for money. Would recomend staying here if visitng the Kensington area of London.	
Jun 26 2008 	Just right	We went to London for a quick weekend getaway. We arrived on Saturday morning and checkout on Monday. This hotel is perfect for what we wanted. It was clean, small, and in a great location. Sure the elevator is small, and the bathroom is the same size, but if you want luxury, you would not be looking in this price range anyway! Book this hotel for a good kick off point, and if you only plan on sleeping there, you will love it!	
Jun 20 2008 	Clean hotel with great service	Had checked out of our booked hotel as it was awful. Walked down street and tried others in vicinity (Holiday Inn etc.) which were expensive and full. Entered Montana who had a room free and even let us check it out before booking considering our last hotel. Room was clean, spacious and had everything we would expect from a good 3 star hotel. Best of all was room rate which was approx. 1/2 cost of other local hotels.Staff very helpful and even on site indian restaurant which served very good food.I would more than recommend this hotel and will use it for all future stays in London. Convenient for Earls Court exhibition centre and museums with Tube station almost directly opposite.	
Jun 13 2008 	return visit	My daughter and I just returned from our second visit to the Montana in two years. The rooms have been nicely recarpeted and repapered so all looks new and clean. We are very happy with the value and service we get from this hotel. We were given a room with a double and a twin bed and a spacious bathroom. The room was on the back side off the street so very quiet at night even with the windows open. The location can't be beat, Waitrose, Boots, tube station, Stanhope Arms, Starbucks, etc. all in a block. The staff were helpful, even sending the maintenance man up to repair a handle broken on one of our bags. We will certainly come here again .	
May 30 2008 	Unhelpful and Rude Receptionist	We arrived at the time we stated on our booking 7.30pm. When we arrived the receptionist kept us waiting for 20 minutes, as there seemed to be a problem with our booking. He then told us that we were the last to arrive and that there were no rooms left. We had booked a twin and he could only offer us a double. We politely but firmly told him that he would have to find us another room at another hotel. He then said &quot;I'm not paying for that, it would have to come out of my wages&quot;. After explaining to him our rights, he eventually phoned his boss who agreed to give us a room at the hotel next door.At no time did the receptionist apologise for keeping us waiting or for the error. He tossed the key to us, then continued watching the television. He truly should not be in this job. We were not offered a drink while we waited and decided that if the service was this bad, we would not eat in the restaurant or drink in the bar either. So the hotel lost out big time - service what service?The double room was tiny and not worth the money.	
May 7 2008 	Nice base	First impressions shouldn't be everything, but they do tend to colour your view for the rest of a trip.To be in the hotel's reception just over a minute after leaving the tube station was a big bonus, as are the automatic doors as you walk up the steps to the hotel.As we entered, the receptionist jumped up from his seat in the loungs and was extremely helpful, especially as he had to find our booking as we'd only booked online 2 hours earlier and I couldn't recall which agency I'd booked through and I hadn't printed a confirmation due to time constraints.He was cheerful throughout and guessed the reason we were at the hotel (concert at Albert Hall) - I guess they had a few in for that and that made it busier than a normal sunday evening.The lift to the second floor is not for the claustrophobic, it says you can get 4 people in it, I wouldn't want to try it, it's not much different in size to an old style UK telephone box.The room was fine, it had both a 4ft 6 double and a single, a plasma tv but (as far as we could find) no way of making a hot drink (it had an empty fridge though)Breakfast of tea, toast, cornflakes etc was included in our £110 rate - it was served in the room that becomes an indian restaurant later in the day. It appeared that you could upgrade to full english for £5.50 a person.Location was fine, although if you had a room facing the front, I guess it could be a little noisy as it's on the junctions of Gloucester Road and Cromwell Road (one of the main routes into central London. We walked to the royal albert hall in about 15 minutes and to Sloane Square in about 25 (gently strolling both times) Harrods would be about the same as SS and the museums about the same as the RAH.Plenty of restaurants, cafes etc very close plus waitrose, boots, 2 banks, plenty of buses and of course the tube which is on circle, district and piccadilly - about 10 mins to theatreland, 4 stops to paddington if coming in from heathrow.	
Apr 11 2008 	Good	Stayed here for one night and thought it was very good value for money. Staff was fine (despite earlier comments on this site) and en-suite single room was also good. Nice flatscreeen tv set with internet and movie options, large bath and good bed. Breakfast was fine, location very good, and very good value for money given the fact that the area is one of the more expensive ones in London. Will definitely book here again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Just what we were after	My mom and I stayed at the Montana for one night just before Easter. We were after a good value hotel in a handy location and for £80 for a twin room it was just what we were after.The hotel is very conveniently located about two minutes walk from Gloucester Road tube station. Check in was fine and the receptionist was perfectly pleasant.Reception area links onto the bar area and was all well presented and very clean (they use some lovely air fresheners so it smelled nice too!).We had booked a twin room but found this to be a double when we got to the room (probably the only disappointment, but overall not a real issue and we found out at check out that there are twin rooms available). We had expected tea/coffee making facilities in the room which weren't there upon arrival. However (big customer service plus points for this), within a couple of minutes reception rang up to the room to say that the tea tray was on it's way up ... 30 seconds later, the tray arrived.The room was fairly recently redecorated and spotlessly clean, with plenty of wardrobe space and a fridge and big flatscreen tv too. Be prepared for the size of the bathrooms as they can only be described as bijou. But this again was spotlessly clean and the shower worked well (there's only a small bar of soap/person provided so make sure you bring your own shampoo/conditioner/shower gel).We had a room at the back of the hotel, which was great because it was nice and quiet and no road noise to contend with.The hotel also has an Indian Restaurant attached which we ate at and whilst the menu is fairly standard fare, the prices are reasonable, the service was attentive, food tasty and portion sizes good.Continental breakfast was included, which previous reviews have rated as meagre. Continental breakfast is exactly what you get: cereal, toast, juice and tea/coffee/hot chocolate. This was more than enough to get us on our way and when my mom snaffled the last sachet of marmalade, my sighs of disappointment were overheard and two more sachets were delivered to the table ... good service!!If you're looking for a good value hotel in a handy central london location for up to 3 nights stay, I would certainly recommend. Next time we head down to London, I suspect we'll stay here again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Excellent London base	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Montana Hotel in London. In South Kensington area, very close to Royal Albert Halls, Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park, main museums and Harrods.Hotel very clean indeed, with modern furnishings - had a very nice quadruple room for our family. Staff very nice and helpful. &quot;Light of India&quot; Restaurant is part of the hotel - we had a meal there one night and it was very nice.Hotel is just across road from underground station, plenty of shops and restaurants in vicinity. Would most definitely recommend this hotel for your London holiday.	
Feb 7 2008 	Love this hotel	Stayed in this hotel for the last 5 years for Wimbledon Tennis championships as well as later in the year for a few days break.We would not return if the staff service and rooms were not to our satisfaction.Everything possible is done to make our stay comfortable.All the staff are very good and helpful and go out of their way to help.It has an excellant location with the tube station across the road, small shops , supermarket, chemist, banks,lovely restaurants as well as coffe shops and cafes all within walking distance and of course Harrods nearby.Many museums are nearby it is perfect for a short or long stay.We have recommended this hotel to friends who have recomended it to others.	
Jan 17 2008 	Rude Receptionist	Upon arriving I was met by the rudest hotel receptionist I've ever had the displeasure of meeting. I enquired about west-end tickets which he informed me I should purchase &quot;between 12 and 1&quot;. When I replied &quot;between 12-1?&quot; simply clarifying the time, he rudely retorted &quot;yes.or you could go at 11,but you would be too early.Or you could go at 2, but you would be too late.&quot; When I discovered that all the pillows contained feathers, I returned to reception to politely ask for a normal pillow as I was allergic to feathers, to which the same receptionist rudely replied that they had none and that I should have foreseen the possibility of this situation and brought my own pillow with me. Not only would travelling long distance with a pillow in tow be extremely inconvenient, but I've stayed in a lot of hotels, including other 3 star hotels, and I have never before been denied a normal pillow, and I've never had - what I would consider a simple request, handled with such disrespect. There were several other rude and sarcastic comments made by the receptionist during the course of the stay, and I noticed that he treated other customers with the same bad attitude. Location of the hotel was excellent, but this receptionist definitely brought down the quality of the stay at the hotel.	
Jan 16 2008	Rude Receptionist.	The receptionist was just rude and [--]. he was incredibly unhelpfull and anything we asked for there was an attitude along with it. i had a pleasant stay other then that rude man!	
Jan 12 2008 	Compact basic clean rooms - we saw a lot of them !	We found the Montana hotel a good base for a 4 day family trip, 2 adults &amp; 3 kids (12,10,8) to London between Christmas / New Year, where we spent all day out and about in London. It is very near the underground / bus tour stop which was a big plus coming home in the evening tired from our activities.We picked the Montana as it has a family room for five, good location and good reviews. The hotel had no record of our booking on arrival at 10.30 pm, a bit alarming with 3 tired kids. In trying to fit us in for the 4 days we were shuffled through 5 rooms in total and saw at least two more. This got a bit tiring but the staff appeared to be trying to do their best. The rooms are all small but clean. The only reservation would be about rooms in the basement which appeared to have a bit of an odour.Breakfast is basic a choice of two cereals, &quot;juice&quot;, loads of toast, tea, coffee or hot chocolate. Extras could be purchased.In summary it's a good value for money, basic, clean hotel in a nice central part of London. Just confirm your booking !	
Nov 22 2007	Very disappointed	On arrival we checked in only to be given a room with twin beds, I rang through and this was changed for a double room. The room I booked was a double deluxe, I have never seen anyhting further from the truth. The room was so small that the door hit the bed when you opened the door. It must have been 6' x6'. We had 1 bath towel each no hand towel or bathmat even though the tiled floor was extremely slippery. There were no toiletries only a guest size tablet of soap. I have stayed in many hotels but htis has to be the worst. The continental breakfast was a choice of 2 cereals and toast!!! Never again	
Nov 2 2007 	Good Kensington location	Stayed at the Montana for 2 nights at the end of October as we wanted a hotel near the Albert Hall. Great location just across the road from Gloucester Road Tube Station and literally everything you need on your doorstep - plenty of cafes, restaurants, Waitrose, Boots the Chemist and Tesco Express, Post office and Bureaux de Change also opposite and just a few mins walk from Natural History Museum and the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum. I've rated The Montana above average mainly because of the size of the rooms which I gather are usually tiny in London, and we also found the staff quite friendly and helpful. We had a refurbished room No. 101, which although we requested a double, was a triple. It was at the back of the hotel looking out into a service yard so not much of a view, but at least it was a quiet room with little traffic noise. Room size was good with spacious newly tiled bathroom, new carpets and curtains, flat screen T.V. , room safe, reasonable standard furniture and comfortable clean beds, no tea &amp; coffee making facilities, but an empty fridge for you to put your own drinks in. Decor ok, but bit dingey and some things left unrefurbished in the bathroom which let it down a bit. The continental breakfast (served in their Indian Restaurant) included within the price was ok, pretty basic with tea/coffee, juice, bran flakes or cornflakes, toast, butter and jams. No fruit or ham and cheese, but you could have a cooked breakfast if you paid £5.50 extra. We had dinner in Pizzeria Organic, literally a few doors down Gloucester Road opposite the Tube Station - good reasonable meal with 20% discount if you take along one of the maps with a special code from the reception in the Montana. Can't comment on the bar in the hotel or the Indian Restaurant as we didn't get chance to use either, but they both looked nice enough. All in all, a pleasant stay in a usually expensive part of London. One thing that did puzzle me though was that we booked on the hotel website internet rates which we imagined would be cheaper, but the hotel had 2 signs displayed outside - one saying rooms from £39 and the other saying £55. I assumed that those would be for the unrefurbished rooms, but when we asked at reception they said all their rooms were now refurbished. But, I gather there are some rooms without ensuites, with shared facilities, so could be those or the singles.	
Oct 9 2007	Great place for the price.	My mother and I stayed at the Montana from Sept 12 to sept 23 in 2007 and found it to be a charming place. Staff was very helpful and polite and seemed to show a genuine desire to see that we had a great stay in London. I would definately go back and would recommend this place to others. Great location too!	
Sep 27 2007	Nice 'little' Hotel	Stayed at the Montana for 5 days while visitng my daughter who was studying in London for the summer. Hotel was in a great location, staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was small, bathroom was TINY!! But the room was immaculate and adequate for our needs. Breakfast was minimal. Many places to eat/shop/visit within walking distance. Tube is necessary in London, get an Oyster Card, worth the deposit which is returned at the end of your stay (don't forget to cash it in). ENJOY!!	
Sep 19 2007 	Ideal Base for Exploring London	I have stayed at the Montana twice this year and would return again if staying in London. The location of this hotel is ideal. It is very close to Gloucester Road Underground Station which is perfect if flying into Heathrow. You can get on the underground at Heathrow and go straight to Gloucester Road via the Piccadilly line which takes around 40 - 50 mins. Absolutely no hassle.Staff in the hotel are friendly and are very helpful. Rooms are clean and when I stayed in July had been refurbished. Had my own en-suite which was immaculate and room was adequately sized on both stays. Mini fridge in room was good for storing some food/drink if required. Flat Screen TV in room had Pay per View Movies and a wide selection of Music Choices.There are plenty of amenities around the hotel, including banks, bars, restaurants (including KFC and Burger King) and shops (incuding Tesco and Boots). Perfect!As before, I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2007 	Great location good hotel.	Very good location. The rooms are quite small but clean and quiet. Only minor complaints were no tea/coffee making facility in the room and the bar stayed firmly shut.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at the Montana 5 nights while visiting my daughter, who is studying in London this summer. It's in a nice location with food stores, restaurants, ATMs, bus stop, tube, really everything close by. I found the staff to be courteous, and helpful. (I checked-out half-way through my stay to visit Paris for 3 days....they stored my larger luggage for me until I returned. Upon my return, the luggage was returned untouched, and properly labeled.)I stayed in a single room,without its own bathroom, but it did have a sink. I shared a bathroom with others, but this was not a problem, as it was always empty when I needed it; and it was clean. Since I was alone, it was ok with me to have a single room with a shared bathroom, as the price was lower.The furnishings in the room appeared new. The bed was made beautifully every day, and the room was spotless. The room also has an LCD TV, with movies, music, TV, and the internet. You have to pay for movies and the internet on the TV, but the hotel has free wireless internet in your room if you bring your laptop. Ask them for the access code. I used it, and it worked well at a pretty good speed.I stayed in the front of the building, facing the street. Unlike other reviewers, I was not bothered by the sound of traffic. I could hear cars going by, but they put me to sleep. No frequent sirens, or anything, like New York!I did not eat in the restaurant, or have the free cont. breakfast. But I did take advantage of the supermarket across the street by puchasing some drinks and snacks to keep in the refrigerator in my room. Also, there is a free safe in your closet for valuables.All in all, I would recommend this hotel. They do offer larger rooms than the one I stayed in. Most other guests appeared happy as I saw them coming and going....I heard no complaints.I would definitely stay at the Montana again!	
Jun 5 2007 	Good value	Average 3-star hotel for less than average price - at a great location, this makes it a hit with us. We stayed here for 4 nights in May 2007. Clean, our room was quiet, we had windows open all night. Many extras at no extra charge: continental breakfast included, free use of room safe. Location is execellent, right on the metro stop (Gloucester Road), and also the double-decker sight-seeing tour buses have a stop around the corner. There is a small selection of restaurants within walking distance (bakery, several cafes, pizzeria, pub, fish-and-chips take out...) and an internet cafe. Huge grocery store on top of the subway stop. The only turn-off, the reception on the main floor that turns into a resident bar allows smoking, so it was not pleasant at the reception in the evening, if you are not a smoker. They are renovating 1st and 2nd floor I believe, so you might see some contractors with masonary tools. Our room was on the 4th floor. Water pressure was decent (for UK). Bathroom on the small side, but hey, you're in UK and you don't have to share. Staff was very helpful and courteous. Would recommend, and would stay there again. Hope they don't raise prices anytime soon. (Curiously, it was cheaper to book through a third party booker on the internet than a direct booking with the hotel. Paid avg. GPB 80 per night.)	
May 22 2007 	Great Value!	I spent a week in Kensington visiting my daughter who was studying abroad for the semester. I found The Montana Hotel in Kensington to be a fabulous value. Compared to other hotels in the area, you couldn't find a better deal. I paid only 39 pounds per night (but had a room without it's own bathroom). I had a sink in the room, a single bed and went down the hall for toilet and shower. I did not wait once to get into the shower and found the hotel overall to be very clean. My sheets were crisp, white and clean and the sink was always scrubbed and shining. My twin bed was brand new. While it was definitely a bit of a pain and inconvenience to walk down the hall to the bathroom, and I did have to go through a door and down some steps, the price made it worth it. With the current exchange rate and prices in London, this was the only great deal I got during my trip.The help was friendly and accommodating. Some of these reviews complain about the white toast for breakfast but, hey, it was included in my low rate, was delivered hot and quickly. After the second day there, the staff remembered that I take coffee, not tea and always greeted me with a smile and a pleasant attitude.The only complaint I would have is that the hotel is undergoing a remodel. The hallways were full of carpentry supplies and they were trying out different types of stain on the woodwork, etc. The carpet in my room was ripped. But, again, for the price it was an excellent deal. I felt safe and everything was very clean - I also felt that the staff truly cared that I was enjoying my stay.The hotel is right across the street from the Gloucester tube station which has a direct route to Heathrow. And, for a little more money, you can certainly have a room with your own bathroom - the ones without are very few but very cheap!!!! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a decent room at a great price - if you are looking for luxury, this isn't for you.	
Apr 28 2007	Fabulous Location Great Staff	Just got back from London and a short stay at the Montana. It's a decent little hotel; the best thing about it IMO is the location - tube stop right across the street, tons of shops &amp; a grocery store nearby. And the staff was super helpful and friendly.We stayed in one of the older rooms downstairs, it was a bit...shabby, but reasonably clean. The bedspreads were torn and the blowdryer didn't work. No fridge or coffeemaker, which was disappointing. The newly renovated rooms upstairs looked quite nice however.Worst thing about this place is the &quot;breakfast&quot; : cold toast, powdered juice, and tea or coffee. Yuck! Thank goodness for Waitrose and Tesco's where we could grab yogurt, fruit and muffins on the cheap. All in all not a bad experience, not the greatest but the location makes up for anything lacking. I'd stay there again if I ever get back to London.	
Apr 17 2007	Building site !	Stayed here for several years but let me warn you all that its like a construction back lot at the present and they say will be like that till well into late 2007.Having flown transatlantic the last thing I needed was to be disturbed by banging and drilling.The new rooms promise to be really good but they have upped the rates massively to the point where its no longer a deal.Moved to Holiday Inn - same price !	
Apr 12 2007	average	very clean hotel. staff ok but not that friendly. no door between en-suite and main room which could be awkward if you dont know the person you are staying with that well. shower wasnt anything special. nice enough location.	
Apr 7 2007 	Short Review with important information	Stayed at Montana in March with teenage son for one week trip. This was my fourth stay here in several years.Plusses:Convenient...35-40 min from Heathrow on Piccadilly LineLocation...opposite corner from Tube station...2 minute walkArea...pleanty of fast food nearby, including grocery storesFacility...clean, comfortable, with accomodating staffAmenities...provided coffee pot, fan, converter, and power strip upon requestCost...affordableMinuses:Toast for breakfast gets old after a few daysOverall, a great little hotel, BUT BIG NEWS!!!!Montana is undergoing a complete remodeling, in progress as this is written. Rooms being completely redone, from top floor down, with new bedding, soft goods, curtains, carpet (red), furniture, refrigerators, flat screen TV with satellite, and wall mounted heater/air-conditioner. Unknown about the bathrooms, but the new rooms were gorgeous.Unfortunately though, the rates have been raised significantly (at least a 50% increase) to well over 100 quid per night. The hotel is no longer a bargain, and is pricing itself out of the casual traveller's affordability range. It will be priced more like the nearby Radisson, Holiday Inns, Millennium Baileys, and Millennium Gloucester.Those with price concerns might check the Park International Hotel, about 800 feet or so down Cromwell Rd.Thanks Montana, its been great.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great location	I thought we had reveiwed this hotel straight after our stay there but alas.... better late than never. I stayed at the Montana with my husband for 4 weeks in Oct 2005, and we enjoyed it so much we are staying there again later this year. We booked over the internet after a really long search for a decent hotel at a decent price in a good local in London. Although I had read good reveiws about the hotel I wasn't holding my breath, after all seeing is beleiving. Well we weren't dissapointed and in fact were pleasantly surprised. The reception/bar and dining room were all spotlessly clean. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The continental brekky of toast ( 2 slices each), jam/marmalade, coffee/tea &amp; OJ was enough for us even though it doesn't sound like alot. If you prefer you can order more substantial food for an extra cost but in 4 weeks we didn't bother. toast and coffee is about all we have at home anyway and if you get sick of the spreads BYO. Our room was great, much bigger than we expected. We had room 411 with a double and single bed, small dining table, a nice wardrobe with in room safe and dressing table. There was no tea/coffee facilities in the room which was a shame. The beds were comfy and the linen clean. The bathroom wasn't huge but was roomy enough for my 6ft 2 husband to use without complaining. There was a shower over the bath, toilet and basin with a nice big mirror hiding a nice big cabinet above the basin. The hot water was always hot but the pressure could've been a bit better. We had clean towels and the beds were made every day and the room was really quiet, we had a window that opened onto a quiet mews type area. Yes the lift is small but so what, your only in it a few minutes and if you can't wait for the next one there is always the stairs to keep you healthy. The morning we checked in, we arrived really early (6am) and our room wasn't ready till much later (our fault not theirs). We were invited to leave our bags and relax in the bar/sitting area until the dining room opened when we could have brekky. Well we left our bags and headed out to explore the immediate area in the quite of early morning, it was terrific. ok nothing was open but it was london just waking up so it was pretty special and Hyde Park was wonderful. The only suggestion I would make to improve the hotel is to find a secure area for people to leave their luggage. It was in a corner of the bar/sitting area not visible to the reception staff but easily accessible to anybody else. The dining room that serves brekky in the morning turns into an Indian rest for lunch and dinner and we had dinner there one night and found the food was delicious if a bit pricey but then I've found all indian food is pricey (must be all those expensive spices) and it was pretty comparable to other rests nearby. The Montana's location is just great, walking distance to Harrods, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park, and the V&amp;A and Natural History Museums as well as High St Kensington and Earls Court. Across the road is a post office, Gloucester Rd tube, a bureau de change (or equal). Next to the tube is a small shopping centre with a few restaurants, a Boots chemist, and a Waitrose supermarket. There are lots of other cafe's near by as well as a starbucks. Our highlights were the steak rest and a small itlaian place almost across the road. I think the steak rest was called Blue Fire or something Fire. Also within walking distance was another supermaket Tesco's and a couple of laundymats. We hit the supermarkets every day to buy our lunch of ready made sandwiches or salad or fruit. We found this a much cheaper option than cafes or other sandwich sellars. The sangers were always fresh and had a really wide range of fillings available. For dinner if we couldn't be bothered eating out we'd go to waitrose and head to the deli counter at the back of the store. Next to the deli they had a hot food section where you buy the normal BBQ chicken but also cooked ham hocks, roast duck etc. but just a litlle further along was the counter that sold a huge range cooked ready to eat indian foods. snacks like samosa's &amp; Kebabs, at least 2 types of curry and rice, if it wasn't already hot they would heat it for you. Buy yrself a couple of plastic plates and knifes forks etc and bob's your uncle, your all set. A great cheap eating option if staying a while and would prefer to spend yr pounds sightseeing.	
Feb 15 2007 	Ideal for family	If you are a family of 5, don't want to spend a fortune, and want to be handily located, you'd struggle to better this place. It's not luxurious, but it's perfectly adequate for a short stay. Lovely meal had in the attached Indian restuarant too.	
Feb 6 2007 	enjoyed our stay	stayed in large family room (+ ensuite) with plenty of space for 2 adults and 3 children. room very clean. location was excellent. Just across road from tube station with direct line to Victoria Station (perfect for arriving from Gatwick or Heathrow) or westend shows. Open top bus stop just outside hotel door. Nat history museum, etc 5mins walk. Breakfast just tea/coffee/hot choc + juice + toast but could upgrade to full english for extra cost. Had lovely meal in indian restuarant. staff were very helpful. Overall would not have a problem to recommend this hotel	
Nov 18 2006 	Would definitely stay there again.	Spent there 4 nights playing tourist in London with my daughter between August 10 ...14.After using a few nights browsing hotel reviews on sites like Tripadvisor we ended up in booking the Hotel Montana via the Hotel-assist -service. The main reason was the absolutely great location in the Kensington area and near the main tube lines. Just about 45 minutes directly to the Heathrow terminals and a quarter to most of the city attractions (including Harrod's...) We also spent lots of time in the nearby museums (Natural History and Science just about one block away.)Just one note; the Tube in London is not always so reliable and prompt in operation than in some other European metropolis. Leave some time margin if you need to be somewhere at a certain time. We did not expect too much for the hotel and we were not disappointed at all.The Net reservation went smoothly (I checked it by phone a couple of days before arrival, just to be sure.)We arrived quite early (10 am) and found our room to be ready. Unfortunately my &quot;confirmed&quot; wishes for a quiet twin bed room have disappeared somewhere and the (very polite) front desk persons promised a twin bed room to be ready in the afternoon. We left our luggage on the small corner on the left side of the front desk hoping they would be safe there.After a long and busy day we arrived to our new room in the third floor (number 305 if memory serves.) It was bigger than we had excepted. See the attached pictures. The age of the building is visible in many details like in the (double) windows, which had so many layers of paint that they had difficulties in shutting completely, tilted floors, some wear and tear everywhere and a marginal sound isolation between rooms. These are common features in old European city hotels. Really nothing to write home about. Just get adjusted to them or pay some more.The room and the not-too-big bathroom were both well cleaned (daily, as it appeared to be). No bad smells or anything like that. A working (but maybe a bit small) shower, new bar of soap and clean towels. What else do you except.The Gloucester road in not a very silent one and after one night slept with earplugs we asked if there were any courtside rooms available. The hotel was quite occupied but we got a new room in the basement of the building. During the next day our belongings were transferred to room 520.This was a bit smaller but apparently refurbished more recently (or maybe used less) than the third floor room. Everything was really clean and tidy. This room had a combined shower / bath tub. See pictures of this facility, too.There was no &quot;view&quot; whatsoever, but we had not asked for one. Otherwise this room was everything we had hoped for. Temperature was fine and the room really was so silent that it was difficult to believe we were in the middle of a big city. We really slept very well there. In a hotel without air-conditioning the basement would have been the preferred choise anyway. Fortunately the heat wave had ended a week earlier and the weather was more typical for the season again.As some other quests have noted the breakfast repeats itself but the service was prompt and very polite, even personal, I would say. Many thanks to the waiter. He really helped us to start the day in a good mood. Of course one should also note that the breakfast is included in the price. If some wishes were allowed here, some cereals would be a great plus. As mentioned by other reviewers, there are lots of places to eat in the neighborhood when you just cannot take any more tea and toast. We did not test the indian reastaurant at the hotel, so cannot say anything about it. Instead we used the restaurants in the shopping mall near the Tube station. Liked especially the Garfunkels there.As our return flight departed quite late in the evening we were allowed to leave our luggage in the hotel after checkout. This time they were tagged with our personal data and taken out of sight to a separate storage area.Fetching them later in the afternoon on our way to the airport went very smoothly. Many thanks to the (quite international) hotel personnel, especially to the maids for their excellent cleaning work and to the front desk men for their helpfulness. Good work.London is a rather expensive city, especially when it comes to the hotels. When / if I have the opportunity to visit London again as a tourist I would definitely try to go to Montana and get that basement room again. If I were travelling with the company budget, I might try something with a couple of stars more.	
Nov 11 2006 	Great Restaurant attached!	We brought our youngest daughter to London for her birthday. We pre-booked this property because it was inexpensive with a 3 star rating. The beds were lumpy and uncomfortable. The bathrooms were more like what one finds in an RV, only smaller! The people were lovely and that made up for a great deal. We would stay again when traveling with family as it is close to the tube and easy to get where you want to be. Hint- bring movies and dvd/computer as the tv lacks many stations Americans have grown used to getting.	
Oct 29 2006	Bad Choice	My experience is that Montana is low quality but cheap.You get what you pay for.Receptionist could learn how to smile, and say please and thank you!Furniture is MFI type!Need good redecoration.Not even a towel rail in the ensuite - just keep your towel over your shoulder!	
Oct 9 2006	Very happy with our stay at the Montana	We stayed at the Montana for 4 nights in late September of 06.The room was certainly not large &amp; the bathroom was just adequate however the room was very clean. The hotel is very well located being just a block from the subway station &amp; just down the street from Kensington Palace. The best part of our stay was the staff. Very friendly &amp; helpful, particularly Peter, the barman. He seems to know everything about where to eat &amp; what to see etc, Breakfast is included in the room price but it consists only of orange juice, tea or coffee and two slices of white toast each with preserves. If they at least had brown or whole wheat bread I would have been happier.Donna &amp; Morris from Winnipeg, Canada	
Sep 12 2006 	Depends on your budget	I booked the Montana hotel primarily for price and location. Overall our stay was ok. There were 3 of us sharing a triple room, which consisted of 3 single beds.However, although I'd requested a room on the 1st or 2nd floor, our room was located in the basement. It looked out onto a tiny (6ft x 6ft) courtyard with a storage room for chemicals which the staff would access several times during the morning/evening. So there was no view and we could only barely see the sky. I had also requested a non-smoking room but there was an ashtray in the room and cigarette burns on the net curtains and bedspreads. The carpets were stained. While the toilet, basin and bath were clean there were significant dampness stains on the bathroom ceiling.There was a very stale smell when we entered the room which prompted one of my fellow travellers to buy some air freshener to use in the room. However due to the courtyard outside we kept the window closed during the day to prevent anyone accessing the room.The hotel has an Indian restaurant so at 9:30 every night the smell of food from the kitchen would waft into the room so again we had to close the window. Therefore the room was incredibly warm; daytime temperatures were in the mid 20s Celsius and it was difficult to sleep due to the heat.The television was very small and had no teletext but range of channels was ok.The elevator is tiny as per previous reviews. It took 3 of us (squashed) or only 2 of us with bags.We had to ask for a kettle and it arrived while we were out of the room so it only included 2 cups. So I asked for a third cup which came relatively quickly. Tea, coffee, sugar and UHT milk were provided. However on another occassion we asked if there was a scissors we could borrow but there was none available in reception and there wasn't really any effort made to find one for us.Our reservation included continental breakfast. At breakfast we were shown to a table, and served orange juice (which I liked but might be weak for some tastes). We were then given a choice of tea or coffee and 2 slices of white toast each. The toast was perfectly cooked and always arrived hot. The service was polite and very prompt, and the server remembered our choices of tea/coffee on the second day. However, I was expecting cereal but it transpired that this would have cost an extra £1.50 per person.The room was cleaned daily and we were given 3 fresh towels and soap. However one point to note is that on Saturday the maid was already cleaning our room when we returned from breakfast at around 8.30.Our room (570) was adjacent to the bathroom of the adjoining room. We could hear our neighbour singing in the shower and also the flush of the toilet.On checking-out we were allowed to leave our luggage but it was in an area just outside the reception desk so I must admit being a bit concerned about how easy it would have been for someone to run off with it. However it was all fine when we came to collect it.I would only recommend this hotel if you are on a semi-restricted budget and are not too fussy about luxuries. Next time I would prefer to pay more and have a higher standard room.In summary, good points:1) Location of the hotel - literally cross the street for the tube station, some cafés/restaurants/fast food outlets and some small supermarkets2) We arrived at 11:30 approx and were allowed to check in early.3) Juice, tea and toast at breakfastBad points:1) Location of the room in the basement2) Overall condition of the room3) The heat especially at night and having to keep the window closed meant very little fresh air4) Smells from the kitchen	
Aug 22 2006	Great choice for me!	I really enjoyed my stay at the Montana Hotel!I was a little leery when I made my reservation. I was booking a single room with the bathroom down the hall. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. My room had both a toilet and a sink. I only needed to go down the hall for showers. The room was basic and had everything I might need. The room contained a single bed, TV, phone, desk, place to store clothes (both a dresser and armoire), toilet and sink. There was one bath size towel in the room and a small bar of soap; that was enough for me. The room was a little worn (bedspread needed replacing), however, it was very clean and had plenty of air and light. Even though there was an elevator, my room was between floors and I always had to take some stairs up or down. I only had a carry-on and a backpack, so this posed no problem for me. I also had to go up half a flight, down the hall, and down half a flight to get to the restroom. This also was not a problem for me, however, it might be for some people. This configuration, I believe is only for single rooms; most rooms required taking no stairs after getting off the elevator.I stayed at the Montana for a total of 4 days; 2 days at the beginning of my trip and 2 days at the end. I was very pleased that they remembered me from my initial stay and greeted me like an old friend. It was a very nice homecoming!I found the staff to be very accomodating, friendly, and kind in all my interactions with them. The Montana is in the process of refurbishing the rooms. Rooms in Europe are not large and prices are high. This is a very clean, basic, lower priced hotel, which is what I was looking for. If you are looking for more, you might be disappointed. I am reviewing it and rating it based on these facts.I only had breakfast once and it was a pleasurable experience. It took longer than I like to spend on breakfast, plus I had to leave before breakfast started on 2 of my 4 days (to catch a train and a plane), so I only ate breakfast there once. It was fine for toast, juice, and tea. Okay way to start the day. You had to wait for the waitress to bring the breakfast and it took 20 minutes or so. You could order extra items, such as a full English Breakfast, at additional cost.The hotel is across the street from a tube stop (on two lines). There is also buses that stop here (don't know which lines).There is a bakery, supermarket, convenience market, restaurant, and drugstore (Boots--like a Walgreens) all within half a block of the hotel. There are also about 3 banks also within half a block of the hotel. The hotel has a computer with internet access in the lobby. I used an internet cafe about 2 or 3 blocks away, as I had to do some printing.I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 31 2006 	We Cancelled Reservation for End of Trip 	The Hotel Montana was half a block from the Gloucester tube station. The elevator had only room for two people but we had read about hotels in Europe having very small elevators and so we were not entirely surprised but it would have been a problem for people with more luggage. Room 405 had two twin beds which were small for two guys over six feet tall. With the windows open, the room was very noisy since it faced Gloucester Road which is a very busy road. The windows were double paned windows but there was no air conditioning so that closing the window was not an option as it had become pretty warm. With the windows open, the room was very noisy since it faced Gloucester Road which is a very busy road. The windows were double paned windows but there was no air conditioning so that closing the window was not an option as it had become pretty warm. The bathroom was very small but clean. You could barely turn around in the shower though and water pressure wasn't great.The next morning we requested to be moved to a quieter room. The front desk told us to pack our bags and they would move them while we were out during the day. The breakfast was included in the hotel cost which is typical in Europe and consisted of toast, coffee and juice.When we got back to the hotel, they had moved us to room 203 in the back of the hotel. It is quieter and they also furnished us with a fan. The bathroom is still very small, only one person can be in there at one time.While we had been out, we had passed the Park International Hotel about two blocks away and saw a sign that they had air conditioning. We asked to look at a room there and liked it much better than the Montana and so we canceled our reservation at the Montana for the end of our trip and booked a room at the Park International in the internet and got a better room for less money.	
Jul 29 2006 	No air conditioning during heatwave	Room was satisfactory except for being on the 3rd floor during a heatwave in London and no air conditioning. The common area on the bottom floor had air (where the employees work), but not our room. This really needs to be updated. Also, no wash cloths at the Montana. I was told &quot;we don't do wash cloths. You can buy one at the pharmacy down the street&quot;. The room, was however, very clean. The bathroom was spotless. The water pressure in the shower was very low though. The employees were not very congenial at this hotel. For the price, I would seek out another hotel on my next trip to London.	
Jul 29 2006	Sweating It Out At The Montana	Location is terrific. Value is good. Quality is average. London is expensive. The Montana serves it's purpose. I've stayed numerous times. The room is very hot. I'm 6'2, and had to duck in the shower. If you're looking for a bargain and a simple place to rest your head at night, the Montana is for you. The front desk staff is friendly, and the hotel is safe.	
Jul 29 2006	Convenient budget but always a London hotel	The Montana hotel is an option for the rest of us who live in countries unfavored by the exchange rate of the pound sterling. Two great countries are rich in bad hotel experiences. England, because it's so expensive and who can afford good hotels there? And Italy, because they have the most beautiful places, so what do they care about building good hotels? That applies for the Montana. It's one of those hotels that you tolerate staying at just because you're in London. OK, it's located in a very convenient place in London, the subway/tube is right across the street, there's a decent indian restaurant downstairs, it's affordable in London terms. But the rooms are small and smelly, decoration is ugly, bathrooms are tight and the sinks are so narrow that it's impossible to brush your teeth above it, otherwise you hit your head against the mirror. But you're in London. If you want more you have to pay more, and just because of that the Montana is an option. By the way: try not to exchange money at the places across the street because they charge high comissions. In London, always look for places that do not charge comissions, even though they may be hard to find.	
Jul 16 2006	Clean and friendly great location	This was our first holiday in London and to find a clean, friendly and affordable hotel in London proved to be quite difficult. However, we struck gold with the Montana. It is all of the above. Not all the rooms are as spacious as others, but they are very clean. The hotel staff are exceptionally helpful and friendly. Nothing is a bother. The two children found the staff very approachable and good humoured. Breakfast is basic but you do have the option to pay for additional extras. There is a Starbucks and other cafes in the neighbourhood should you fancy a change. The location is superb. The Gloucester Road tube station is across the traffic lights, 3 of the Museums (Science, Natural History and Victoria/Albert) are only 5 minutes walk away. Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park is about a 10 minute walk, with a good selection of restaurants along the way. We would stay at the Montana again.	
Jun 18 2006	Affordable and accomodating	I stayed at the Montana in December of 2004 for a few days with my mom. Although it isn't a luxurious hotel, it is fine for coming back to after a day of being out in the city. I returned to london in May and June of 2006 and booked 2 weeks at the Montana again. I am a student and I have found that the Montana hotel is the most affordable place in London besides hostels (which are usually very dirty and overcrowded in London). I called the hotel directly to book my reservation and they gave me a single room with a bathroom down the hall for 35 pounds a night, with the 7th night free. This is a very good deal for london, considering that breakfast is included too. The breakfast of toast and coffee or tea does get old very quickly though. I wish they would add some cold cereals or muffins or something else to the menu as well. The rooms can be a bit noisy if you are on the side that looks over gloucester road or cromwell road. I only found the noise to be a problem my first night there, after that I adjusted to it. Each room is cleaned well and is supplied with a towel and a bar of soap. Bring your own washcloth and shampoo because they do not supply them. I personally think that the staff at the hotel are very friendly and accomodating. I became very ill on the day I was supposed to fly to London and I had to change my flight to a few days later. This meant I would not be able to check into the Montana when I was supposed to in less than 24 hours. They usually require 48 hours notice for cancelling but they let me change my reservations with less than 24 hours notice at no charge. I booked a week at the Montana in June as well and at first they did not have any single rooms available so I would have had to pay a higher price. But when I arrived at the hotel I found that they had done some rearranging and they managed to get me into the cheaper single room. A lot of people on here seem to complain about the lack of space in the rooms but i found my room to be very spacious even though in America it would be smaller than some people's walk in closets. I don't know what people need all the space for. The rooms definitely provide enough space for luggage, a sink, a bed, dresser, and a tv. They all have windows too, which surprisingly not every hotel room in London has. So overall I find the Montana a very good deal and I recommend it for the budget traveller who will only be there to sleep or watch tv. I will definitely stay here every time I return to London.	
May 17 2006	Value for Money	My 2 girlfriends &amp; I stayed in this hotel in April in a Triple Room. Rooms are small as all London Hotels but we found this to be comfortable for what we wanted. Reasonably priced for Kensington and it is in a great location. Friendly staff and helpful when we required it. Don't expect to fit anymore than one person with suitcases in the lift though. Didn't try the resturant but quite a few pubs etc in the local area. Underground straight across the road which is very handy. Also ATM's machines and money exchange right next door. Would recommend for a reasonably priced short stay.	
May 4 2006	Served the purpose	A friend and I stayed at the Montana Hotel Kensington for one week in April for our trip to London. This hotel was the least expensive hotel offered in a package deal with the tour company we went with. I wasn't expecting much from the hotel, but all we wanted was a decent place to stay in, which it was. The hotel is in a nice location...it was very convenient and felt safe. Gloucester tube station is just across the street from the hotel, and you can catch the Piccadilly line, the Circle line, and the District line from this tube station. The hotel is right on the corner of Cromwell and Gloucester, very close to a Barclay's bank, an internet cafe, currency exchange, a 24 hour Tesco, a nice little restaurant, a pub, Starbuck's, KFC, and more.The hotel lobby is just as it is on their website pictures. Their lift (elevator) can fit two people comfortably, and four people tightly...not ideal to use if you're closter-phobic. Didn't make use of their bar in the hotel, so can't really comment on it. We had &quot;continental breakfast&quot; included with our stay...and as mentioned in previous reviews, it's just a lot of toast, jam, butter, orange juice, coffee, and tea...this breakfast was perfect for me because I don't usually eat a heavy breakfast, so it was just fine. The dining area was clean and no problems with the service there. We must have had the smallest twin/double room in the hotel because it was very narrow (I posted pics with this review). But it had what we needed: twin beds, a good size wardrobe, a tv that worked with a few channels (don't think there was satellite though), a dresser, a large window, a chair, hairdryer, and a private full bathroom (which seemed more spacious than the rest of the room). We checked in at 11am and our room wasn't ready yet. It still had to be cleaned but they gave us the key (card) to the room so that we can leave our luggage in there if we wanted to go out into the city. The cleaning lady was working on our floor (the 3rd floor) when we got to the room and told us that it would be another hour or two before the room was ready since the earliest check in and latest check out times are about the same...this didn't really bother us because we had to catch a train to Manchester soon anyway. When we got back from Manchester, our room was cleaned and were each given clean a towel and a small bar of soap. Our room was cleaned everyday and we were given new towels and soap everyday, plus sheets were changed daily. Our bathroom was clean enough (could have been cleaner to my high standards, but was ok), and there was plenty of hot water. A particular person at the front desk sometimes could have been a bit nicer, but it didn't kill our stay at the hotel or anything. Our room was at the corner of the hotel, where Glocester and Cromwell meet, but the street noise didn't bother us...get earplugs for sleeping if you're concerned and it will do just fine. We had no disruptions when sleeping; the hotel was quiet. The smell of the room wasn't as fresh as I was hoping for because I'm a non-smoker and I was sure that the people who stayed in our room just prior to us did smoke in the room. But when our room was cleaned, they left the window a bit ajar to air it out daily. I probably wouldn't want to stay at this hotel in the summer because it doesn't have air conditioning, but in April it was just fine. The hotel is not a modern property, it's an older property...so expect to see an older property and don't expect a spacious north-american-style room. I'd classify this hotel as a 2 and a half star. There's nothing fancy about this hotel, but it has the basics and is clean. A bit more luxury and higher room standard would have been nice (which is what I will go for elsewhere on my next visit to London), but for the budget price we paid and since we were out and about in the city and other parts of England all day everyday, the hotel did the job...was able to sleep, keep our clothes and belongings there safely, and took hot showers. Location was good too.	
Apr 15 2006	Encore Visit!!	Stayed here in 2004...Came back in 2006...Same experience, same staff, same review...It's just a great tourist class hotel, in a perfect location in South Ken, as described by other reviewers....On one day, had a problem with hot water to third floor due to water main breakage in Kensington; didn't think much about it in the morning, came back from a day of sightseeing and wanted to take a shower...still no hot water. Desk offered to let me use a room on 1st floor for shower....Great!!...hot water returned later that night...Planning to attend British Open in 2010, without doubt will be staying at Montana for a few nights before heading to St. Andrews....Don't waste your time and money elsewhere...You will not beat it for value, location, convenience, experience in a tourist class hotel!	
Mar 29 2006	Great All-Around Value!!	The Montana Hotel is a great value for those visiting London on a budget who desire a degree of civility in their lodging. The location is fantastic - convenient tube (Piccadilly and Circle /District Lines) and bus access to the city, and a very nice area in its own right. Lively streets (Gloucester and Cromwell Roads) with nearby grocers, services, and fast food. Within walking distance of Knightsbridge, the V&amp;A, and Kensington.The hotel is clean and quiet. Great staff, very friendly and helpful. En suite single rooms are a great value - definitely worth ten pounds more per night. Comfortable rooms, on the small side, with modern, clean bathroom facilities - definitely a bonus in comparison to other similarly priced hotels modern facilities, water pressure, and ample hot water were scarce.The Montana can't be beat for all around convenience and value for money. Highly recommended to anyone looking for better-than-average lodging on a two-star budget.	
Nov 15 2005	Basic though chintzy	The Montana offers basic accommodations in a terrific Kensington location -- close to a good array of attractions, including Kensington Palace, and across the street from Picadilly, Circle and District Tube lines. No shortage of pubs, Starbucks (two within three blocks) or grocery stores.But there are caveats. If you are booking a single room, be prepared to face Gloucester Road, which is loud. The double windows knock down some of the sound, but earplugs are really needed to survive. I couldn't imagine staying here in the summer with the windows open. Many of the doubles face an inner courtyard, and I suspect that noise there isn't an issue. The room came with a single towel and tiny soap bar, but for the price in this district, allowances have to be made for the price-point here.The room, although slightly warn, was clean and comfortable. Upon arrival, I had a problem with the in-room safe, and it was repaired within minutes. For the morning repast, billed as a &quot;continental breakfast,&quot; expect little: one small glass of orange juice, two slices of toast and a cup of coffee (refills available by cajoling the server... it shouldn't be this difficult). Anything else costs extra.	
Nov 11 2005	Great Value	I have stayed at the Montana Hotel twice in the last 2 years. O.K it is very basic but provides all of the facilities that a traveller on a budget would want. Why pay 150 pounds a night just to spend less than 8 hours in a room. Hey, if you are going to London for a holiday then surely you will be out and about not wondering why you don't have 30+ channels on your T.V.One word of advise though....ask for a room on the lower floors as the water pressure for the shower is better down there.Hope to stay there next May for the Clapton Concerts.Talk to Peter the barman, he is a mine of information.TrevorPerthWestern Australia	
Oct 19 2005	Value for money!	We give this hotel above average just because they have frendly staff, great location, OK rooms and the rates are reasonable for London. Breakfast is not much, but then again there are several options close to the hotel. For those traveling on a strict budget, this hotel might be an option. We will come back!	
Oct 10 2005	Great value for your dollar	Fantastic location, less than 100 meters to the subway which we took directly from Heathrow airport for only 3.7 pounds. Hotel is very clean. Rooms are compact but so are the rates. Great on site, personable pub, a full pint for only 2 pounds. Peter the Bartender/morning waiter is just the best. Whatever you want to know about London and getting connections around the city, talk to Peter. Very helpful and personable. This hotel offers a free continental breakfast of beverage and toast, or order eggs and trimmings for 2 pounds. You can't beat it. The restaurant offers Indian cuisine. Amazingly delicious, staff are &quot;very&quot; professional and friendly. Food prices are competitive. Neighbourhood is safe and top shelf, with numerous pubs, restaurants and shops. Walk to Kensington Palace, Hyde Park, Museums, Herrods. Short bus ride or underground to downtown London. This Hotel is exactly what you see on their web site. The surrounding hotels including the Hotel right next door and the Holiday Inn a couple of blocks away are double the price for what the Montana offers. Will book there in the future. Regards, Jim Carver Canada	
Oct 6 2005	Loved the location	Loved the location of the hotel - close to V and A museum, underground, Waiterose (for food), Harrods. The hotel is clean with overall friendly service. I would definitely go back should I return back to London.	
Aug 5 2005	Great location! Friendly service and reasonable prices!	Considering how costly London is already, we needed a hotel that was conveniently located, clean, and reasonably priced - which is exactly what the Montana Hotel has to offer. Although the rooms are basic, (eg. no A/C, few TV chanels (but who cares...i would hope people would have better things to do in London, and the rooms are a bit tight), its still a fair bargain. We stayed 2 nights at teh Holiday Inn Kensington Forum just around the corner, and that seemed to be to expensive. This place offered 50 Brit. pounds less and was within walking distance. The only negative comment I had was with regards to the pathetic Continental Breakfast. It really did't consist of much - toast/jam (unlike Holiday Inn). Otherwise - I higly recommend this place...	
Jul 13 2005	great value location and staff but not elegant	This is a great value for London at 65 quid per night. It's nothing fancy. out of date furnishings, slight smell of smoke, bed really hard. I had to sleep with the window closed because my ground floor room faced an alleyway where staff either lived or hung out and it sounded like a toilet was running at all times. closing the window completely eliminated this problem. The room had a big deep bathtub-perfect for soaking after tramping through london as a tourist. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the indian food at the restaurant was great. I had the continental breakfast which was really good toast (I'm not sure how) coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. for 4 quid you can upgrade to full english breakfast-sounds expensive, but check the price of that upgrade at other london hotels-typically 15-20 quid. Great location for hop on -hop off tour bus and getting around on the tube. clean good neighborhood, drugstores banks restaurants all right there.	
Jul 6 2005	The Montana is a tourist class hotel...	I had to keep reminding myself that London is expensive and that this hotel was in a good location and was a tourist class hotel - I shouldn't expect much. The location couldn't be better - an easy ride from Heathrow via the tube, and it sits across the street from the Gloucester Rd Tube stop. Perfect for all the running around I did on my visit.The rooms were noisy due to the fact most rooms face the busy Gloucester Rd. We found that by closing the windows and getting a fan from the front desk, we could sleep much better. This was possible because the &quot;heat wave&quot; had broken. I'm not sure if it would have been possible if it was much warmer. Maybe earplugs would have done the trick in that case.The hotel was clean, but a bit run down. Nothing fancy. I was told the breakfast was white toast and an orange drink rather than juice. So I skipped it and ate down the road at the Cafe Forum for GBP 2.50.I was quoted GBP 65 for a room with a bath via LondonBy.com and was charged GBP 69 at check out. I'm working on this problem, but it has upset me.I think all in all it was an ok place to stay. Location outweighed the problems. I wasn't in the room much, so it was really only used to sleep. Not the hotel for a romantic getaway, but it works well for tourists.	
Jun 29 2005	Could do a lot better!	To start, we didn't receive a particularly friendly greeting. The twin room we were given didn't look like the pictures we saw on the net - while the room was clean, it had not been redecorated in years. The only satellite channel on the TV did not work either.As there was no air conditioning and it was extremely hot out, we had to leave the window open at night, but with the noise outside, it was not easy to sleep. We requested a fan the next morning, and though we were told they would drop one up to the room, this never arrived.The continental breakfast was limited and we felt the £2 charge (per person!!) for bringing this to the room was unnecessary. The only plus was the location, right beside the tube station.	
Jun 21 2005 	I Love This Hotel!!!	I love the Montana! I have stayed at the Montana many times over several years. I have been consistently impressed with the staff and facilities. In fact, the staff at the Montana is the most honest, helpful, friendly staff I have found anywhere in the world. I love this place so much, I just won't stay anywhere else in London.The location can't be beat either. It is very close to the Gloucester Rd. tube station that has three lines running through it. So, transportation to other areas of London is excellent. The location is a good one for getting to and from the airport because it is close to expressways and that keeps the cost down if you are using a taxi. In addition, there are numerous places to eat nearby. The 24-hour market across the street from the Gloucester Rd. tube is particularly handy.I enthusiastically recommend the Montana.	
Jun 13 2005	Not a good choice	We booked at the Montana Hotel for 7 nights but could only stay there one night because of the noise and the hot room.The hotel is situated in an excellent location near the tube and the staff is very nice but the room left a lot to be desired. The rooms are quite small, disjointed, and run-down and the lift doesn't always take you really close to your room without lugging your luggage up a flight of stairs.There is no air-conditioning in the room and even though it was May, it was quite warm so we had to open our window for some air but couldn't stand all the sirens and noise all night long from the busy intersection nearby so ended up getting no rest at all and moving to a better hotel.	
Apr 24 2005	Good Value and Location	Terrific value for the price and a location that can't be beat. Small clean rooms but convenient to the tube station. My only negative is that when I asked the desk to call a taxi to go to Victoria Station, he called a relative or friend who turned out not to be have a licensed taxi and charged 25-30% more than the estimate. I thought that it was unfair to the real drivers.	
Apr 17 2005	Definitely Convenient Location!	Although this was not my first stay in Kensington, I wanted to stay somewhere close to the museums on Cromwell Road. Firstly, I was pleasantly surprised at the convenience of the hotel's location. Directly across the street on Gloucester Road is an internet cafe which one of the hotel staff suggested I use instead of the hotel's internet. Diagonal from the hotel is Gloucester Road tube station, where the tube lines take you to just about all the popular routes and locations for sightseeing, a supermarket, drug store and cafe within the mall. On Gloucester Road there are plenty of places to eat, satisfying most pallets. As for the hotel itself, I had one issue which was resolved almost instantly. The pressure of the hand-held shower was low (be prepared to hold it with one hand while going about your business). I reported it to the front desk on my way out and by the time I returned, the problem was resolved. The room I stayed in literally fit the full-size bed with about 12&quot; leeway from side to side. The bed was comfortable but one has to be careful about the step that leads you to the bathroom.	
Mar 11 2005	GREAT value!!!	Reservations had been mishandled by agent but receptionist was overwhelmingly nice and reassuring that it would all be worked out!! Had two different triple rooms for the week and they were very spacious and scrupulously clean. Modern baths. Small elevator. Adequate breakfast, excellent Indian restaurant, very affordable (by London prices)for dinner. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Tube stop about 100 feet from door. Outside upkeep superb - certainly looks more expensive than it is. Have friends going to London in two weeks and they already have reservations. You can be sure that I will return! Have travelled extensively and this was near the top for the price.	
Feb 26 2005	Amazing hotel..amazing price!!	Stayed at the Montana for 4 days and we enjoyed evrytime..Had a double room which was ready upon arrival..nice people..friendly and overwhelmin customer service...The staff definitely made our stay the best..they are all so funny!! Assest to the hotel are its location just a walk away from the tube..all shopping complexes were a tube ride away and te best thing was the hotel is only 45 mins from Heathrow airport with 1 direct tube line..Had probelm with ourflight tickets and Chris/Auggie(receptionists) wow they were so helpful and organised evryting for us..Stayed at many hotels but this one felt like home..The restaurant was amazing good food and inexpensive compared to others in the area..A definte stay for next time...Great hotel..Great staff..	
Feb 13 2005	Good All rounder	we stayed in for 2 nights at this hotel - family room - it was ready when we checked in and had 4 proper beds! Room basic with no tea/coffee stuff but we were not there long anyway - just to sleep basically. Hotel is right over the road from Gloucester Road tube station which has all the connections you need for your stay! Breakfast served in the hotel is basic - oj / tea/ coffee and toast with jam that is all dont expect anything else without having to pay £4.50 gets you a full cooked brekkie or £1.50 for cereal - the toast was fine gets you out the door in the morning! The staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. Altogether a good hotel for a short stay in London at a reasonable price. 	
Jan 30 2005	Woow what a place	Woow what a beautiful hotel...just loctaed in walking distance from the tube providing easy access to centrral london..The staff at Montana are absolute angels what can i say...they made mine and my wifes stay most pleasurable and something worth remembering..we stayed for 7 nights and for each of those nights we enjoyed ourselves to the upmost..the staff are so friendly and pleasant...ifwe needed any thing we had good service..The lift was a tad small but for the location, staff friendliness and excellent value for money.. The other hotels in the area were much dear and there was not much comparitiv differemce..Thunbs up chaps and we would most defintely stay there again..	
Nov 21 2004	Clean great value hotel in London	I researched hotels in London for several weeks before deciding on the Montana. I am glad I did. This hotel, although a little worn is great value for London. We were traveling as a family and the price and location was perfect. The Indian Restaurant was very good and the hotel and restaurant staff were very friendly. With minuscule rooms being the norm in London, the family size room we had was good sized. The hotel was very clean. We had stayed in another London Hotel in February, 2004 and although the rates were cheaper it was really shabby. If you are looking for a clean, safe, reasonably priced hotel in London then this is the place to stay. Great rates available on Hotel-assist.	
Nov 21 2004	Good Little Hotel Great Location!	We stayed at the Montana Hotel on 17 November. We needed a cheap hotel for our last night in London and we liked the Gloucester Road area. They quoted us a price of 75 pounds and my husband bargained the rate down to 65 pounds. Our room was larger than I expected for a budget hotel. It had a double bed and also a twin bed. The down side was the bathroom was the size of a closet but it was clean and there was plenty of hot water. Also, the bed was extremely hard but it was okay for one night. Breakfast was included in the rate. The free breakfast consisted of coffee, tea or juice and toast. Anything else was extra but the free breakfast was adequate. Would probably stay there again if nothing else was available mainly because I liked the area.	
Nov 15 2004	Great Hotel	We stayed at The Montana for 3 nights. This hotel is a great value. Rooms were clean. Friendly staff. Great location with the following located nearby: tube stop, 24 hour grocery store, pharmacy, post office, Starbucks, various restaurants, and several ATM machines. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 13 2004	Location! Location! Location!	I have stayed at the Montana twice and would definitely consider it again. The price is right considering you receive a clean, comfortable room and are 50 steps from the Glouster Road tube stop. The neighborhood is safe and offers plenty of restaurants and pubs, as well as Kensington Palace and museums. Breakfast is definitely bland but it get's you going and out the door. Don't pass this one up!	
Oct 6 2004	Excellent safe location	We made booking through internet: ---hotel-assist--- They gave us a last night with no charge as we had 8 nights. The people at the hotel are very frendly and made our stay very good. the Indian food in the restaurant was very good. The lift is small but hey how long do you stay in the lift during your stay ? Room was Ok - needed more pillows and deleivered to room right away. Location is the best - many many restaurants in the area and it feels so safe as many rich people live in this part of London. Metro is opposite so very simple to travel to attarctions. I will stay there again.	
Sep 26 2004	Perfect for my needs...	I stayed at the Montana Hotel for 8 nights this June. After last year's experience at another hotel, I was a bit nervous about what I would find. Well, let me tell you the pluses and minuses...On the plus side...1. Great location: this hotel is right across or down the street from the Gloucester Road tube station, a grocery store, post office, internet &quot;cafe&quot;, several restaurants, and a stop on the Big Bus Tour. It is also only 3 blocks from the Natural History Museum, Science Museum, and Victoria and Albert Museum.2. Very friendly staff...this includes the desk staff, breakfast staff, and housekeeping staff.3. Very clean room4. Windows that open all the way (at least in my room #303)5. Large bathroom with plenty of room for stuff (medicine cabinet)On the down side...1. My room was noisy due to the traffic on Gloucester and Cromwell Roads. But, that was the choice I made when I left my windows open.2. This place is rather worn...clean, but worn. If you're looking for fancy and new, this ain't the place for you.3. My single room was tiny. Very long and narrow.4. My complimentary breakfast included 2 pieces of toast, orange juice, tea or coffee. Other items were available for an additional charge. I added corn flakes for £1.50.5. Internet in the bar did not work. I quickly began using the internet place across the street.6. Microscopic elevator...3 people tops can fit. And, I figured that it waits exactly 10 seconds before closing the door, no matter how many times you push the button. ;o) But, I began thinking that the place was lucky to have an elevator at all given the fact that it's a protected historic building (Victorian era).Overall, I was pleased with the Montana Hotel. At £59/night, I got what I paid for. Plus, they did not charge me for the last night. I decided to check out a day early due to the tube strike...I didn't want to take the chance of missing my flight the next morning. I didn't check out until 4 p.m., and they very easily could have charged me...in fact, I expected them to. But, they didn't.	
Sep 2 2004	Excellent budget stay for family	Our family of 5 stayed in a family room at the Montana in August. (It's apparently one of the few rooms in London that can sleep 5 without requiring a two-room suite.) Clean, decent accomodations (with air conditioning, a blessing for those hot days, and private bath) at a very reasonable price for London (99 pounds a night). The Light of India restaurant is superb, very elegant with attentive service. The hotel is across the street from the Gloucester Road underground station. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the neighborhood; there's a small Waitrose supermarket in the arcade just outside the underground station exit, and another larger supermarket, Sainsbury, is a 5-minute walk away on west Cromwell Road. Hotel staff is very helpful and friendly. We highly recommend the Montana. It's not a luxury hotel but is very pleasant and well-maintained.	
Aug 31 2004	Good little hotel	My daughter and I spent a week at the Montana Hotel, Kensington early August. It was very clean and comfortable. It was very warm weather while we were there, and the fan provided at our request was a life-saver. Ideal location just minutes from the Glouchester Road underground station, across the street from bank machines ( called &quot;cash points&quot; there),a Waitrose supermarket,several restaurants and fast-food outlets. I have only 2 minor complaints about the hotel: 1-the continental breakfast included is only white toast ,juice and tea or coffee, which is monotonous for a week, I'd suggest ordering something else a la carte to supplement the toast. 2- the numerous fire safety doors slam shut each time someone goes through them unless they're held until closed. Some sort of hydralic closing devices to make it quieter would be appreciated for rooms by these doors. Over all a good place to stay and we would certainly return.	
Aug 23 2004	Montana Meets Needs of Savvy and Frugal Tourists	I stayed at the Gloucester Road Montana Hotel for three days in July. As a single female, I felt safe and well cared for. Location..location..location..being so close to the tube on the Piccadilly Line saves precious vacation time and a quick trip back to the hotel is easy if needed to drop off packages or rest for a bit. Small room, bathroom down the hall..but only 35 GBP a night...some hostels are close to this price.Breakfast is spartan, only toast, coffee, and juice. Peter the bartender is always there..morning at breakfast and late at night when you need help with Internet access in the bar. A very sweet man.I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to London. To me, a modest but comfortable room in South Kensington, at this price, cannot be beat.	
Jul 20 2004	Great Location but watchout!	My wife,son and myself stayed at the Montana Hotel Feb. 18 - 28 2004. The location was great, tube stop very close, walking distance to several pubs, grocer, fast food, local shops. The hotel is clean, was going through some upgrading during this time, that was the good points. The hotel has only one elevator which was out of order our whole stay. We kept being told that it would be fixed &quot;tomorrow&quot; well tomorrow never came, we walked up and down several flights of stairs, not fun when you have health problems. All of the rooms are at least one flight up.  The hotel restaurant was closed during our entire stay also, the management did not tell us this until our arrival even though I had spoken with them the day before. they did serve cold toast and warm juice, tea and coffee every morning free of charge,however you can only have so much toast. The staff was unwilling to compensate us for misfortune.The staff and management had a &quot;we do not care about you&quot; attitude. The rooms are small, however this was expected. The room layout was strange, you could only watch T.V. from one side of the room at a time and nowhere to sit except a bed. The hotel was clean, and cost us about $135 U.S. per room each night. The Holiday Inn kensington Forum is just up the street, they where full at the time of our visit, next visit to London we will stay there. However if you are on a tight budget, you shouldgive the Montana a try for a night or two the location is better than advertised. London is a GREAT city to visit wherever you stay!	
Jul 15 2004	good but with a twist	The hotel and the rooms are small but very clean. the service is very good with professional and helpfull staff. Breakfast (toast) was served in the small restaurant (hotel Restaurant) and it was done tastefully. The location is great (near the Tube). Somethings to keep in mind when staying at this hotel. The restaurant food is not bad but expensive. They charge for every little thing except water. Also, be very carefull when asking the hotel staff to arrange for a taxi to the airport. I was quoted 45 pounds from hotel to Heathrow (which is too high to start with). The cabby (who probably was related to one of the staff) asked for 60 pounds and rudely insisted that was the rate. Well, he didn't get it. Make sure to have a drink at the bar. The bartender is a hoot.	
Jun 20 2004	great location and price	Nice clean hotel for a reasonable price. The location can't be beat...40 yards from the Gloucester tube station. Lots of local eateries, 24 hour grocer and Starbucks. Breakfast was only toast and coffee, extra for eggs, potatoes, etc. Will definetely stay here again.	
May 21 2004	A great deal	As a frequent traveler to London, I am always on the lookout for a hotel with a good location and a reasonable price. The best one I've found so far is the Montana. The rate is quite good (especially with the seventh night free) and the accommodations are fine as long as you are looking for clean and comfortable sleeping and bathing facilities. If you want lots of charm or elegance, this is not for you. Not only is the location great--near tube station, shops, museums, and great restaurants--but the staff is extremely helpful and courteous. The Indian Restaurant adjoining the lobby is first-rate, although the breakfast is only barely adequate: toast, juice, and coffee. I stayed for six weeks in fall 2003 and plan to go back this fall. Should your room be small you can always ask if there is a larger room available. I did and was given a more spacious room. 	
May 12 2004	a basic hotel...tourist class	stayed one night (the night Sir Cliff Richards was performing in London ) in April. Found the room clean, basic. Happy for the in-room safe. The desk staff were a bit harried as the place was full. We had a double with bathroom...overlooking the back fire escape...very quiet. The location is perfect for connections as the Gloucester Tube is across the corner as is a bank with ATMs. A pub with outdoor dining is close as is a mall with shops and grocery store. The price was considered good for London on a Friday night but after staying in the Darlington Hyde Park, something was missing including a few more GBP. The previous writers specify this is a tourist hotel..guess we goofed by paying more for it than the Darlington which had an elegance about it. Would stay again if the price came down. Guess Sir Cliff's performance caused them to jack up the prices! The complimentary Continental breakfast was the most basic of our week in London. All other hotels included Full English Breakfast with the price.	
Apr 9 2004	Very nice hotel	I loved this hotel. It is basic and clean and rooms are big enough. I paid 35 GBP and got a room without bath. The bath was just down the hall and I never had a problem getting into the bathroom. The complimentary breakfast was enough to last until afternoon. The room had a sink, tv, hairdryer and safe. The people are very nice, especially Peter. Internet access for a little money, nice little bar, elevator was fine when I was there. On the circle/district/Picadilly tube lines and near many restaurants, groceries, and other shops. It's even air conditioned. You cannot beat this hotel if you're on a budget.	
Mar 30 2004	A Little Gem of a Hotel	The Montana came recommended by my mother-in-law, an experienced world traveler. If this isn't the best tourist class hotel in London, then I don't know what is.Excellent room, great rate, professional staff, nice little bar, very good Indian restaurant adjacent and connected. Incredible location across the street from Gloucester Road tube, shopping center, pubs, food, etc. Need I go on!!Remember, this is a tourist class hotel, not the Ritz or Savoy. If you want artsy/fartsy then you should go elsewhere.I highly recommend the Montana and plan to return next year.	
Mar 28 2004	Nice Clean Hotel near tube and stores	We stayed in the Montana from 3/9-3/12 04. The room was small as was the bath, however it was very clean and well located in the neighborhood. The staff was helpful, there is an internet connection downstairs in the bar (1 LBS), breakfast is toast, juice and tea or coffee as included in the room, English breakfast extra. There is not shampoo however towels and bar soap are provided. The Glouchester Tube is across the street, a straight shot from Heathrow. There is a grocery store in the little mall by the Tube, there are restaurants nearby and other small stores for late night shopping. There are museums nearby in walking distance. This is an inexpensive place that is clean and neat-if you aren't spending all your time in your room it is perfect!	
Mar 11 2004	Near a tube stop.	We stayed there 6 nights (Feb 23-Mar1 2004) and the best part of hotel was the location near a tube station with 3 lines and near a nice grocery store. The bathroom was the 2nd best part; decent size and a good shower. The rooms are really small. The elevator seems to be forever &quot;being repaired&quot; (that makes a person wonder,eh?). The kitchen was being renovated, too, but did open just before we left, so don't know about their food. What can you say? The price was right.	
Mar 7 2004	Good value for the price and excellent location	The best attribute of the Montana is its proximity to the Glouchester Road tube station. From that station, you can be virtually anywhere in central London within 10-15 minutes. There is also a nice food store (Waitrose) in a small shopping mall adjacent to the tube station. There is a bank, post office, and ATM machines across the street from the Montana. ther is a very nice pub two blooks away. Our experience at the Montana was very positive. Our room (#212) was very small but clean and adequate. The bathroom was adequate with plenty of hot water on demand. Bath towels and soap are provided but bring you own shampoo and wash cloths. The personnel at the Montana were very friendly and helpful. The lift in the hotel was not operational during our stay (they said that it was being lubricated). Unfortunately, the kitchen was being renovated during our stay so no food beyond toast and coffee/tea was available for breakfast. Don't ask the hotel clerk to order you a cab. We did and ended up with a non-licensed cab that cost us twice as much as a licensed cab. .	
Mar 2 2004	The Montana is conveniently located		
Feb 5 2004	Pleasantly surprised		
Feb 5 2004	Good Hotel!		
Feb 5 2004	Excellent 3 Star hotel I will definitely stay there again!!		
Feb 5 2004	Thanks for the recommend		
Feb 3 2004	Excellent Bargain Hotel		
Nov 26 2003	Great Bargain in Wonderful Location		
Oct 20 2003	Small but convenient		
Oct 5 2003	Gloucester Road gem		
Apr 14 2003	Montana Hotel So. Kensington		
Sep 5 2009 	Deludente		
Mar 14 2009 	Buena relación calidad precio y mejor ubicacion		
Nov 19 2008	tres bien située pres de la gare		
Aug 27 2008 	Sconsiglio vivamente		
Mar 29 2008 	me ha encantado y sorprendido		
Mar 26 2008 	Excelente ubicación cómodo y agradable.		
Sep 24 2005	estancia muy satisfactoria		
