Nov 24 2009 	Wasnt the worst place ever stayed!	Stayed in this hotel this weekend and although not the worst i have ever stayed in certainly was nowhere the best considering it was sold as a 4* hotel, if the assessor was blind... The room was ok, paint fumes were strong causing windows in the hallway to remain open. shower curtain didnt touch bottom and shower was so powerful that it pinned us to the wall in the tiny shower cubicle. But very central location, breakfast was ok but was so busy that you waited for cutlery, tea and toast. If i was going for just a base to visit london wasnt too bad that would stay again	
Nov 20 2009 	Awful - never again!	First thing: it was impossible to do the booking via email. They would just not reply. Second: unfriendly staff, not interested in the customer. The guy who served me was even having a dirty tie on... Then: Elevator is not working most of the time. The rooms have no charme at all and tiny bathrooms. Some of the rooms have connecting doors, and the windows are so old that you feel you are outside and it's very noisy. I would not recommend to stay there. It's all in all very old and not good in shape. There are plenty other hotels in this area that must be much nicer!	
Nov 18 2009 	Mice and poor upkeep detract from a great location	Great location for sightseeing around london. We walked pretty much everywhere and underground near by. Unfortunately our first room was in a poor state and in much need of a lick of paint and good clean. The mouse which was loose around the bedroom on the third day prompted a change of room to a higher floor which was much nicer and to a standard one would expect for the prices charged. It seems that the state of the room you end up in largely comes down to whether you are lucky enough to get a refurbished room or not. The staff were reasonably efficient but not apologetic following encounter with said rodent. Nonetheless we had a great time in London!	
Oct 29 2009 	Great location	3 blocks to British Museum, 4 blocks to underground. Small room, bath with shower. Breakfast included..Coffee/tea maker in room. In-room safe. Small (16 inch) closet for hanging clothes. 40 channel flat screen TV in room. Hair dryer, desk with light, bed lights OK, telephone, No wash cloth. Restaurants/pubs close by.	
Oct 27 2009 	Stay away for now	Extremely disappointed in this hotel. We had to squeeze past men painting in the corridors to find our room, which had obviously just been painted. No pictures on the walls, the bathroom door wouldn't close because of the fresh paint, the bathroom was tiny and flooded because the shower curtain wasn't long enough and it all stank of paint. There was a connecting room and we could hear them painting in there. If you stay, make sure you insist on a room well away from any refurbishment. Thankfully we only stayed for one night, didn't try the restaurant at all.	
Oct 19 2009	Well worth the money!	Having read the reviews - thought I had probably made a big mistake by booking this hotel! A night in London after watching a West End show, was to be a Birthday treat for my daughter - so I phoned ahead, told the very courteous gentleman at reception, that I had read all of the reviews on a variety of websites - found them very worrying - and would like to upgrade to one of the refurbished rooms, rather than have a very disappointing stay! He assured me that we would be given one of the rooms on the 5th floor, at no extra cost, and that was exactly what we got! It was perfectly adequate for a one night stay, clean and comfortable, with very helpful staff - and the hotel itself, very close to the tube station. Having looked at the special offers on the Thistle website, I think I found an exceptionally good deal for a stay at a central London hotel - and would not hesitate to stay there again!	
Oct 15 2009 	Knowledge of the experienced traveller	I stayed here for the first time and was a bit concerned after reading all the reviews. However, I noticed the people who had a refurbished room were happy enough with the hotel so called in advance to reserve one of the modernised rooms before they gave them all away. when I arrived the hotel was clean and presentable and the receptionist was friendly. I was checked in efficiently and proceeded to my room. The lift was small but didnt cause me any problems and I was pleasantly surprised when I entered the room. The room was average in size clean and presentable, all amenities were present and was just what I needed for a 1 night stay, especially for the price I was paying in Central London. The breakfast was excellent and I left my luggage free of charge at the hotel upon departure. All in all this was a pleasant experience and one i would be happy to repeat. some words of advice for you other travellers. ask for a refurbished room, dont expect a 5 star hotel when you are paying a cheap rate in London (you get what you pay for) dont book your honeymoon in this hotel or expect pure luxury for around £100 (it is not the costa del sol) and if you have a problem, dont be afraid to speak with the manager. most often they can fix your problem and will save you the hassle of writing a snotty comment after you havent had the balls to tell anyone about something you are not happy with. if you follow this advise, more often than not (in any hotel) you should have a trouble free trip.	
Oct 14 2009 	Rude girls at reception average room	We recently stayed here for a business / leisure trip, after arriving very late at night we were greeted by a very helpful male night concierge, this was to change however when the female day staff came on duty! These girls really need a few lessons in charm school, most enquires we made were met by rude abrupt replies. Apart from this, our room was average but clean. The hotel bar was quite decent and decorated with a modern feel. Hotel is ideally located close to local tube and central London bus services.Unfortunately we would not be returning due to the unprofessional level of customer service at reception girls.	
Oct 9 2009	Very comfortable hotellocation is good for City and West End.	I have stayed in this hotel twice recently.I was there with my local drama company in September and it was good for all ages and good for all activities we wanted to do in London.We had a range of rooms, doubles and rooms for 3 people - all very nice, clean and the beds were very comfortable.The breakfast was fantastic, lots of different options, again suitable for all tasts.We were all in the rooms that have been modernised on floors 5 and 6 apart from one lot of people who were on floor 2.This room was a bit dated and worn out but still very clean.The lift was fine for all who wanted to use it - no complaints at all.The thing I like is that you can walk to the West End to OxfordStreet and to Euston station for the train home.As I was so impressed in Sept , I booked again for Oct for a course in the Smithfield area.it was convenient for this location also.I was on my own this time and felt very safe in the Hotel.i had a nice room with a sofa and a huge double bed on the 6th floor.The woman on reception is very nice and provides a lot of information.The men do not engage with the guests.Fantastice hoel - I have promised to take my husband before christmas!!Very good value for money and a fantastic location.I did not see mold, damp or anything nasty - just a clean warm, welcoming hotel with very comfortable beds.	
Oct 7 2009 	Wouldn't Return...	I understand they are refurbishing a lot of the rooms at this hotel, but mine wasn't one of them. Holes in the plaster, wallpaper hanging off and generally showing signs of serious age.However, it could be worse. I slept well in a nice firm bed (until I was rudely awoken by the bin-men before 6am), the shower was powerful, and the windows actually opened.	
Sep 24 2009 	This place is tired very tired!	The reception is at the rear of the hotel. I imagine they never get any walk in customers, the ground floor reeks of old stale, damp carpets. Paper peels off the bedroomwalls, towels are like hessian, shower has mould, damp has just been painted over. Cistern was faulty and overflowed all the time. The toilet seat was a different colour to the rest of the fittings. The windows weren't double glazed, though not an issue as warm weather put the tops of the frames were covered in dust.water was hot, room had a safe and tea in restaurant was hot and strong but stewed. If it wasnt for the company paying and no opportunity to change I'd have left.	
Sep 24 2009 	What a dump	This hotel was booked for us through an agency who obviously don't use TripAdvisor !! As soon as you got through the entrance you were met with the smell of dampness and mould. The reception was not very inviting, but the receptionist was pleasant and efficient. The hotel has one small lift, and the decor was dated somewhere back in the 1970's, and where they have redecorated they have just painted over the damp and the dirt. The room was small, with a wardrobe on which the doors wouldnt stay closed, and wallpaper peeling off the walls. The modern flatscreen TV was bolted to the wall, and the cables were not fixed or tidied, just hanging down to the plug sockets. The bathroom was dire - mould in the shower, cracked tiles, hairs on the floor - need I say any more. On the positive side, the breakfast buffet was nice, and the food hot. Had I been paying for this place myself I wouldn't have stayed. Basically - dirty, old, tired, in need of either demolishing or a major makeover. I wouldnt recommend this hotel to anybody - don't be fooled by the Thistle website or the &quot;leisure breaks&quot; brochure, it really is a dump.	
Sep 23 2009 	The worst hotel we had ever seen	We checked in here in February with our young daughter and within 5 minutes my partner was downstairs complaining. He got absolutely no joy and was told it was tough luck so within 10 minutes of checking in we had checked out again!!! The room was the worst I have ever seen with mould on the walls, stuff left under the chair from the previous occupants, wallpaper peeling off, tiles broken in half, a bare light fitting directly above the shower and more. The corridor wasn't alot better. The service was good on check in but the minute we complained they had no interest at all. On the plus side.....we took photos of everything that was wrong and when I wrote to Thistle complaining and saying we had photographic evidence they gave me a full refund so all was not lost!!In a nutshell you would NEVER find me anywhere near the interior of this hotel again!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	Absolutely horrific - the worst hotel I've ever not stayed in!	I arrived at the Bloomsbury Park Hotel at about 9.30pm last night having been on the road since 5am, and the room can only be described as horrible. The carpet was stained, the shower covered in mould, the wallpaper was hanging off the walls, and the restaurant was also closed with no food available.This was the last room in the hotel and quite frankly should not have been booked out. I decided I couldn't possibly stay and complained to the Reception staff who seeing my distress booked me into their sister hotel, The Kingsley, just round the corner which was lovely. The one plus point was the really nice lady on reception who sorted the alternative room out.Whilst I can't comment on the refurbished rooms, my experience of this hotel was terrible and I agree with all the other negative reviews. The lady who said it made her cry is absolutely right - I did too!	
Sep 6 2009 	Service with a smile	Had to get a room in London with a central location, with a tight budget i booked this place online, on the journey to London i checked out trip advisor and thought what have i booked ????? a short walk from holburn tube and was welcomed by a smiley face that got me checked in no time at all, once in my room i checked out the bathroom that was clean and bright the bedroom was just what i needed so no complaints, then i headed down for dinner in the bar/rest great service and good food all served quickly. had a good nights sleep followed by a great shower that woke me up perfect for a busy day, breakfast was well presented and lots to choose from, having read the other reviews on here i can see the hotel has acted by doing up the accomodation so from my point of view i will be back ...............	
Aug 17 2009 	Do Not Waste Your Money	I stayed at the hotel with my family for 3 nights. If we could have found a hotel to take 3 of us in one room we would have left straight away. It was supposed to be a larger family room but in reality it was a twin room with an extra bed squeezed in. The wallpaper was peeling off in places, the bathroom was dirty and like other reviewers on this site there was only enough tea and coffee etc for one person. I wasn't expecting it to be brilliant given the price but basic standards are just that.. basic.Look around the area there are loads of other hotels to choose from. We tried complaining but have heard nothing back...Need I say more.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good Hotel: great value for money	The hotel is on a good location: British museum around the corner and good acces to the tube and busses. The staff is very friendly and offer great service. My mum smokes so they offered us a smokersroom. The room was of a decent size and very clean. The room had some cracks in the cieling and the bathroom was a bit old fashioned but I don't really care about that. The beds were great and the carpet on the floor was new. The room had a view on the side of the hotel and faced some condo's and it was never hot in the room. Beakfast was great: English and continental and the was always enough of everything. We also had diner there and the card was simple but well cooked.	
Aug 11 2009 	Good value - Great location	My old school chums and I wanted to meet up in London so we ended up at this hotel, we were well looked after and all had 5th floor rooms, i see from other reviews that these are newly decorated as ours were really simple but very clean and comfy. The breakfast was very well presented and loads to choose from with good service. top tip - ask for a new room and for the rate you will have a great stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	Horrible hotel	This was a birthday treat for me, a trip to London, museums, a show and more museums then back home. I had carefully chosen this hotel on the internet and was a bit disappointed with the outcome- I usually check with Trip Advisor first I don't know why I didn't this time. I was advised on check-in with my husband that we had been allocated one of the newly renovated rooms on the 6th floor and that the towels for the second person could be found in the wardrobe. Room 602 was pretty small, my husband at 6ft 2&quot; and myself at 5ft had to duck under the eaves while passing the end of the bed, and although we didn't use it there were only enough coffee supplies for one person. The bathroom was really uncomfortable my husband couldn't stand straight in the shower as the eaves got in the way. The ceiling to bath window was only covered by a net curtain and at dusk with the light on was open to all of the flats opposite I found this very disturbing when taking a bath. When using the toilet we had to shut the shower curtain for more privacy. The bathroom was only supplied with one set of bath/shower gel and one shampoo. With the booking being made more than a week before should this not have been rectified?As we were due to go to the theatre that evening I had a quick look for a taxi firm but there were no useful numbers available in the room. We decided to take the tube returning just after 11.00pm to a stifling hot room, we went to bed about 11.30pm but I was woken up at 12.00am by a loud discussion which seemed to be taking place just outside the door. I tried to ignore it but again was woken by a young woman's voice shouting. I got up and opened the door but no one was there, it was actually coming from the adjoining room and I could here every word they were saying (relationship breakdown). At 12.30am I couldn't stand it any longer and knocked on the joining door (OK banged and told them) and asked them to please be quiet. The gentleman apologised but there followed after this a period of doors opening and closing and drawers banging. I dread to think what it would have sounded like if they had made up! If staying another night I would have asked for another room, as my husband said we were only using the room to sleep in. But I booked it and it wasn't what so not what I expected, especially as they rate it 4*, The room we stayed in was obviously set up for a short, cold blooded, unattached naturist with a hearing problem. Have you noticed you can't complain on their feedback page as the &quot;string&quot; isn't long enough!	
Aug 10 2009 	YMCA value at full hotel cost	Both me and my partner got an unwelcome reminder of student dorms staying at Thistle Bloomsbury. The room was tiny, we couldn't even open the suitcase. We had to choose between a boiling hot room or listening to the bars outside on the street below. As the night club closed the choice was off. The bathroom had mould in the shower, a cracked toilet and 4 cracked tiles - not bad on 1.5 sqm! I cut myself on the sharp metal in the door frame. The whole hotel is served by a tiny lift, so most guests choose to walk down the water damaged stairs instead. At the price you can find much better value everywhere else.	
Aug 9 2009 	Upper is better.	I booked this hotel as part of a package deal. When I read the reviews here I got worried. When I arrived the first room I was shown on the 4th floor was dingy, mouldy and horrid. It also had a connecting door, which as a single female traveller I dont like. I asked to change and left my bags with the concierge while I caught up with friends. I got back around 7pm and was given keys to a room on the 7th floor. Warning -the lift only goes up to the 6th floor, you have to walk up a flight of narrow stairs to get to the seventh floor.I got to my room to find 2!! connecting doors, however this was a lovely room with a lovely view out the window, a flat screen TV and a nice amount of space for the location. The bathroom had a bath as well as a shower over. WAter pressure was a bit dodgy, as was the wait for hot water, but it was a lovely refurbished room.As best as I can work out the 7th, 6th and 5th floors have been refurbished and they are starting on the fourth. Talking to the staff they anticipate being finished around Dec 2009. Front desk is not always on the ball and sometimes you have to call out to get someone to come out, but they know their jobs and are efficent.Included b/fast is amazing - lots of choice and papers provided to take away.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good location nice room...should try this hotel	Although quite a lot of negative comments about this hotel, our experience of staying there for 3 nights was nice!The location is good...within walking distance to two nearby metro stations especially if you have heavy luggage. The hotel is a small one, typical London City Centre size for this type of hotel.The staff serving us - Steven is perfect. Professional and with heart. He is expecting me and addresing me by my name when I check-in without telling him who I was. This is my first time I stayed at this hotel! Although I have to agreed that the other staff I met was not so helpful and polite. This is it, by luck or by chance you get a good service.The room is out of my expectation...it was spacious, clean and with two LCD TV. The bathroom is OK and clean too. I noticed from other reviews that they complaint about the old model of windows and falling paint. This is true with such an old building and facilities but I can see the hotel management had tried very hard to upgrade and refurnish the place with more modern equipment. I won't stay inside the hotel for the whole day, so these small defects is fine with me.The Breakfast is delicious and with good choices (included in the room rates), not so busy as other London hotels where I stayed before, I had to go extremely early to avoid lining-up long queue ( may be due to this is a small hotel?). This is good!Overall I got a positive experience with my stay. I'm sure not everything is perfect, but worth a try to stay in this hotel.	
Jul 16 2009 	Needs to be cleaned and modernised	Room 409 was generally clean but a very small poky double roowith extremely outdated bathroom. The sash windows were rotten and the paint was peeling from them. The wallpaper to the room itself was peeling and the bathroom ceiling was very mouldy. It seemed as if the carpet was fairly new in an effort to brighten an otherwise dull room.If you stay here, I suggest you inspect the room and request a change if it is similar to the above description.	
Jul 13 2009 	It made me cry	i stay in london for buSsness on a regular basis.When i arivved and was shown to my first room I refused to even go in as it was dirty unkempt and shabby.It smelt of chesse and heaven knows what elseThe second was was little better but not much .If by sheer chance my company books me in i would rather do the daily 6 hour commute than stay here.It made me cryay .There are other hotels in the sae price range that are a 100 times better	
Jun 27 2009 	Who's the cleaner Blind Pew??	When we come to London we usually choose Thistle hotels as they are generally of such a good standard which is why this one came as such a shock. We booked a room for myself, my partner and out 17 month old daughter. Prior to arrival we were told a cot would be available. When we arrived there was no cot but as it happened that turned out to be the least of the problems. When we went it to the room it was damp and smelly. A plastic bag had been put over the smoke alarm which I think was to hide the fact that a previous occupant had been smoking. What bothered me was that it was hanging down a foot from the ceiling and was the first thing that we noticed so why did the cleaner miss it? Having come in on the underground the first thing we wanted to do was have a shower. I got in, drew the curtain across and was confronted by the largest bogey I have ever seen, right at head height, right in my eyeline! For those of you not familiar with British slang a bogey is a .....magic nose goblin? nasal discharge? I think you know what I mean. Once again was the cleaner fum bling around in the dark??What I'm trying to say is the rooms were not clean. if they were I could have overlooked the damp and the peeling wallpaper. I can imagine at this point you are probably asking why did we not complain? Well, we did...about the cot, and were told that they were very busy!! When you get that kind of response you give up and vow never ever to visit again. On a positive note the breakfast staff were lovely, friendly and helpful which was most useful in diverting your attention from the fact that the beautiful (pink in the middle) sausages would probably kill you if you ate them!I think a little story about what we observed the next morning best sums up the 'culture' of this particular hotel. We were standing in the lobby before we left watching the manager with a contractor. They were in intense conversation over a faulty spring in the entrance door. The manager thought that £400 was a 'good price' for a repair. In his spare time he rearranges deckchairs on the Titanic. Look, if a hotels good I will sing it's praises, I really will. This is a bad hotel, you can get better in London for the same price. Until they improve you need to avoid this one. You have been warned.	
Jun 25 2009 	Brilliant room...604!!!	Just arrived back after staying for two nights. We chose the hotel because of its location being within walking distance of where my husband's meeting was taking place. We read some of the reviews before we left home and were dreading what we would find. However our fears were unfounded ; our room on the sixth floor, 604 , was huge, beautifully decorated, absolutely spotless. The bathroom was immaculate in white and black with plenty of clean, white towels.The room had two desks, a coffee table, four black leather chairs and a widescreen TV. The bed was huge, two single beds together, with clean white sheets, white duvet and plenty of pillows. It had obviously been recently renovated and the corridor was being painted during our stay. The restaurant was excellent ; there was a wide selection of food for breakfast, both hot or cold. We ate in the restaurant on our second evening and again the food was excellent and of good value. The staff were very friendly, attentive and helpful, both in the resaurant and reception. The hotel is in a prime location within walking distance of King's Cross, the British Museum, the Embankment and Westminster, Covent Garden, Drury Lane and the West End. Around the hotel are plenty of bars, restaurants and cafes. The only downside that might concern someone, but not us during our stay, is that there is only one lift which is very small. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and wouldn't hesitate staying there again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Terrible experience	when the windows are locked you can still here everything outside,Toilets don't flush, smells like cheese everywhere (room stunk of cheese) nothing clean, paper coming of walls, mould on celing, window sills and surrounding areas disgusting(def had not been cleaned) honestly, if you can find somewhere for the similar price, go there, because its so bad at this hotel!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	I would rather stay in a caravan	This was booked by a company and it ticked the box for location but that's about it! The reception area and bar are the only good places to be in this hotel. The lift was tiny and did not look / sound safe. The stair well was disgusting - mouldy walls, stained carpets lifting in areas, stained walls and mouldy windows, very dark and dingy. The place just felt dirty and didn't smell any better. The 'room' was a cupboard. It was on 7th floor in a corner. I could not wheel my case into the room as the door opened onto the bed. You could just squeeze round the bottom of the bed to the 'dressing table' with the tv above on an arm over the window looking onto a wall. The 'bathroom' was disgusting - olive green suite possibly aged to that colour. You had to shut the door to get to the shower / loo it was cramped, unclean and much in need of improvement. None of the mirrors showed a true reflection - the perm-tan comment from other reviewers is spot on. The best thing about this room was the back of the door on the way out! Do not stay here if you have any standards at all.	
May 18 2009 	Rubbish rubbish rubbish! An embarrassment to London!	This hotel is to be avoided at all costs!But I will start with the 2 only positives:-The location: Minutes away from British Museum, Holborn Tube station. Plenty of eateries and cafes (Pizza Express, Pret Manger, Costa, Subway, Tesco etc); and The website: very slick, current, up to date, easy to use. And that is all folks!I did read the reviews fom fellow Tripadvisors but due to this booking being made last minute and also considering costs (ie wanted &lt; £100 per night) - I thought it couldnt be THAT bad. How wrong I was.We were given a ground floor room (Rm 12). Walked into room and it smelled so damp and stale and rotten we almost walked straight back out! Paint peeling off the wall, worn out carpet, rails in the bathroom were rusted, room was smallbathroom was tiny, tv remote control had no batteries - an absolute disgrace! I cant believe this room was used as a guestroom - it was not even fit for a dog!!We went straight back to the receptionist and simply said we want another room. Without asking what was wrong, he gave us another room. It was like it was normal procedure for a guest to ask for another room! I checked the new room which was better - but not by much.This place should not be called a hotel - should be advertised as a hostel. Well maybe not even a hostel is this bad! The state of the rooms and hallways put us right off trying the restaurant.We should have spent that little bit more on a real hotel or spent that much less and booked a BnB.This place is an embarrassment to London - one of the great cities of the world??	
Apr 30 2009 	Avoid this hotel	A quick report on this hotel: in a nut shell it was terrible and should be avoided at all costs. I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel while working on business (for some bizarre reason this was on the company’s recommended list). I’ll go through the negatives and then the positives.Negatives:- the room had mould patches causing the wallpaper to peel off in several places,- the dividing door between the inter-connecting rooms was made of tissue paper, - the queen size bed was made from two singles with a nice hard joint between them, - the fridge was screwed shut; however, this wasn’t such a big issues as it was so cold that my milk stayed fresh for 3 days at room temperature,- talking about room temperature – there were no radiators or air conditioning unit, - the mirrors had bronze glass so you looked like you had a permanent tan, - the main room had only two bed lights (40w each) to illuminate the room – this made you look even more tanned in the bronze mirrors,- the lift only took you to the 6th floor so if you were on the 7th floor you had to get out and walk up a mouldy staircase.- the safe was locked open and broken when I arrived,- there was no plug in the bath, and finally- the remote control wasn’t working,Positives:- The staff repaired the last three items in the first hour of reporting the problem- Hmmm – that’s it.If the hotel manager is reading this report, I was in room 704 – get it sorted.	
Apr 19 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY	Just come back from a 3 night stay here. The hotel is in an excellent location within walking distance of loads of attractions. We got an excellent rate, which included breakfast. The staff were attentive and very friendly. The communal areas such as dining room are decorated modern and tasteful. Breakfast was lovely. Bedroom was small and dated, but it was clean, also I think this is reflected in the room rates which are much cheaper than other Thistle hotels in the area including one round the corner which is being updated. When the bedrooms have been updated I think the prices will probably go up, so I feel fortunate to have got the value for money and the Thistle touches, i can live with a dated decor in bedroom and en-suite, not in room much anyway as out sightseeing which was the purpose of the break. Hotel just the right size for it not to feel like a cattle market at breakfast etc.	
Mar 21 2009 	It was ok.	The fast train line to London means I rarely stay in central London hotels but a conference start time meant I had to be here the night before and was put here by my organisation's travel booking service. Checking out the reviews here I was not too happy as they're mixed at best with a bias towards the mid-bottom end of the range. In the event it was ok; check in was straightforward but I found I'd been allocated a smoking room despite the clear no-smoking reservation confirmed in the hotel's email. But, it was changed in moments and my room was pleasant enough. The main room was ok if the bathroom decor looked a bit tired. I was overlooking a passageway and the Swan pub which created a bit of noise at chucking out time but nothing too worrying - just good nights and see you laters - which was done in 10 minutes. I was prompt down for breakfast which again, was ok. It was comparable to some weekend break hotels we'd stayed at, more 2 than 3 star perhaps and the location couldn't be better. If I was put here again, would I try to change? Probably not and if all you're doing is using it as a base for work or central London, then, as ever, it was ok. On that basis, I'd probably recommend it, as, you guessed it, ok.	
Mar 7 2009 	Great location but nothing else good	My first thought is that Thistle are usually a reliable mid-market chain. I can't believe they give their name to this dump. The public areas smell like an old style seaside B&amp;B. The room was small and tired with peeling vinyl wallpaper and an ancient sash window. The lighting was so dim (I would guess 40w bulbs) that I couldn't read. The shower room had cracked floor tiles. The grouting in the shower was black and moldy. The toilet and shower tray were what used to be called &quot;avocado&quot;. In the 70s it was considered very sophisticated!! The sink didn't match - it was a strange mustard yellow.Breakfast was okay but not great The hot buffet was not served in the open as is usual. It was in closed containers. This meant that the sausages and bacon appeared to be steamed instead of fried. The eggs were awful - about 15-20 fried eggs lying in 1/2 an inch of fat.On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and the location is great.	
Feb 24 2009 	Location ServiceComfort !!	On arrival from a flight from California at 7AM and straight into Russell Square by tube, we were let into a very quiet back corner room by 10AM for a much neede rest.. The front desk was very accomodating asking if twin beds would be OK for one night until a double was available the next day. We liked the room so well we said we'd keep it. There was fresh paint (Room 214) and everything was clean, beds comfortable, large towels, etc. A full English breakfast, buffet style with fresh melon and sometimes fruit cocktail offered every morning for our initial 4 nights. We then went to York for a night and the hotel kept most of our luggage for us. We returned on the day of the BIG SNOW and this time for 2 nights we were given a beautiful big room (601) on the front but no noise because of double-glazed windows. The front desk offered to reconfirm that our flight would be going (Heathrow had been closed down). They were always so helpful and friendly.The hotel has a floor to ceiling stained glass wall in the lobby as well as stained glass windows in the stair wells on every floor. A real treat for us Californians to feel like we were really in England. The location is great, with the London travel pass for use on buses that stop almost in front of the hotel or Russell Suare tube station not far, one can go anywhere. Around the corner in the alley are 2 Pubs, 2 restaurants and more restaurants down the street on both sides. The British Museum is about a 10 minute or less walk away.This was our 3rd stay at this hotel (we have stayed at perhaps 6 others over the years)and it remains our favorite.	
Feb 22 2009 	3 star? really?!	I've never felt compelled to write a hotel review, good or bad, but my one night stay in this hotel has changed my mind! And unfortunately, not for good reasons.OK - firstly the better points. The communal areas of the hotel seem reasonably well kept (in line with 3* accommodation), particularly the reception, bar and restaurant. Breakfast was lovely, and we experienced none of the busy problems of other reviewers. Despite the points mentioned below it was an incredibly quiet location (probably helped by not having a view).The worst bit of the hotel though? The rooms... unfortunately quite a vital part of a hotel!We'd booked a double room, but were given a twin room - not ideal for a romantic weekend in London! The room smelled of damp and wallpaper was peeling away from the walls in a few parts. The lovely avacado green suite in the bathroom was accompanied by a bright (obviously new) white toilet seat (nice and contrasting), and the tiles, while in one piece, could have done with a regrout, unless mildew is the new white in bathrooms?! The shower seemed to develop an annoying drip after we'd used it - thankfully, we only were staying one night.The worst bit though? It was a connecting room. Fine if you're a family, but if you've booked a room to yourself, you don't really need your neighbour complaining about the smell of his girlfriend's feet at midnight, then talking, quite loudly, for another hour...To cap it all off, while we had a late checkout, housekeeping obviously decided we needed to leave, and tried to enter our room to clean it and change the beds at 9am while we were still in them! Thank heavens my boyfriend put the chain on the door before we went to bed...	
Feb 20 2009 	don't stay here - very low standards	Wallpaper was very dull and shabby -very poor quality decor. 19 tiles were broken or cracked on bathroom floor. Carpets in the corridors were smelly and grotty. A great location but not suitable as a 3 star hotel - not even 1 star.	
Feb 17 2009 	Second visit even better than the first!	After staying here in September we organised a return trip with two other couples. We returned yesterday after a fantastic weekend. They agree with me.. fantastic value in a fantastic hotel. Ok the rooms still need a bit of TLC but they are clean and with plenty of tea/coffee and even biscuits. Clean towels everyday and comfy beds and a safe. We had 3 twin rooms on the first floor next to each other. Breakfast was great, setting us up for the rest of the day. Staff were all very pleasant and checkout easy and quick. The location is wonderful enabling us to walk everywhere (only needed tube from Paddington to Russell Square when we arrived and visa versa on departure) including the Tower of London! I feel this Hotel deserves more positive reviews - as far as I'm concerned what more could you ask for - Comfy relaxing room, yummy breakfast, great location and good price.We all had a wonderful time and will return again!	
Feb 11 2009 	New Years Eve 08	4 of us went to London for New Years Eve 08, We needed somewere to stay the night but didnt want to pay a fortune. Having looked on the internet I found this hotel. When we got there was very impressed, couldnt believe that this was the hotel we had paid for as it looked far more expensive than it was! The rooms were okay, it did what we wanted which was to get ready and sleep, so it served its purpose!	
Feb 9 2009 	Terrible for the price	I've never written a bad review before but I would say this hotel deserves one. There is one good point and that is the location which is great. However there are other hotels nearby that look much nicer.Being part of the Thistle chain you usually know what to expect and it's quite standard. Not with this Thistle which is really just an old London Hotel in need of major refurbishment with a Thistle sign plonked on the outside. The bar and reception areas are adequate but not reflective of other areas of the hotel. I stayed here with a number of friends and we had a few twin rooms on different floors. My room was disgusting. Mould and cracks on the walls and bathroom and a musty smell. There was a huge old window covered with a net curtain and pulling this back revealed huge cracks and black dirt that had been there for years. The bathroom flooded after use in a tiny shower cubicle and the lighting was so bad and old there was no chance of putting makeup on! The mirrors all had that rose tinge on as well so coupled with the lighting this was awful. The other rooms my friends stayed in were similar.The breakfast was overcrowded, we had to wait. When we eventually got sat down half of the hot buffet items were empty and incredibaly slow at being replenished and the tea and coffee did not appear for over 30 mins by which time we had finished our rip off breakfasts. The sauce sachets were also those really really thin cheapy funny non brand ones with runny tomoto sauce. Usually I would not even think to mention this but it was just one of those extra annoyances. So....I would not stay here again for the price (we paid 110 approx per room) as this was a real rip off. That being said the location is good and if it had been more like £60 this would have been adequate. Asslo do not expect the Thistle brand.	
Jan 10 2009 	location or luxury?	Just returned from 4 nights with my son who was there for a college class and expected the worst. The room itself was tolerable, 4th floor, thin walls, worn and ugly. On the up side, the staff was wonderful, the breakfast was a good, easy start to the day, the bus stopped right outside the door and the tube was at the corner. I'm not sure I'd stay there again but it was clean and so convenient. I am a camper so luxury is not my forte! If location is what you want on a budget, I would say this would fit the bill.	
Dec 4 2008 	boomin awful	Despite a shiny entrance hall, tidy bar and small dining room, the interior of the hotel was desperate. The carpets were worn, the paint peeling and no heating on our corridor.The bedroom was small cramped, ill furnished,the lighting was so poor, - but that may have been advantage. The bathroom smelt of dodgy drains. A summer visit could be a health hazard. How Thistle Hotels can badge this place I do not know. BUT, don't blame the staff who were very attentive and polite. They don't deserve to work in this bleak house. Avoid this hostel style hotel.	
Nov 21 2008 	Don`t bother	I was booked in here for work for one night - one night too many. Although the location is good for getting on the tube and numerous restaurants &amp; coffee shops it is possibiliy the worse hotel EVER.It is old and dreary and in desparate need of wallpapering, plastering and double glazing windows!!! I stayed on the first floor at the side of the hotel and could hear everything ALL night including the builders who started drilling at 7am. The check in was slow, the housekeeping staff walked in on me.... I just wouldnt bother staying there. The only good thing was the flat screen new tv but I couldnt hear it for all the noise anyway. A [--] hole of a hotel Ive stayed in better hostels in the middle of no where whilst travelling.	
Nov 9 2008 	EXCELLENT HOTEL!	We stayed at the Bloomsbury Park Hotel on a family break for 4 nights over Halloween and all I can say is that we had an excellent time!Hotel is close to tube, shops and restraunts a plentyThe staff are very friendly and helpful - the Concierge was very helpful to my Mum and Dad who are both disabled.The breakfast was lovely and beautifully set outWe had 2 rooms and they were both lovely - nice big bathrooms, wallpaper and carpets.The lift is a bit slow but so what? You don't go on a break to stand in a lift!I would ignore bad reviews as anyone would be happy to stay in this hotel - it's great!	
Nov 7 2008 	Ghastly!	I called the hotel before I went to ask for soya milk. I was assured it would not be a problem. Arrived late Wednesday night and asked again - no one knew anything about it.After some confusion due to language difficulties -the receptionist's not mine - she said she would call the concierge and send him for some.Went to breakfast the next day, no soya milk and no one knew a thing about it. A young woman said she would go for some but appeared a few minutes later to say sorry, none. So far, not the end of the world, but more than slightly annoying given that I had rung before arriving and asked again upon arrival. The breakfast staff did try their best, but could do nothing it appeared.However, this was nothing compared to the room - 701 - at the top of the building -the lift stops at floor 6! With good reason - the wallls were filthy, holes patched up with what looked like duct tape -canot describe how awful it was. Having spent 5 hours on a train form Cumbria did not need this. The bathroom -ugh!At £128 a night, was not even cheap. When yet another receptionist asked me the next day if I had enjoyed my stay, I told her why not in no uncertain terms. Her training had taught her how to ask in English about enjoying your stay -but had stopped short of explaining what she might do if the person said 'No.'If you are unlucky enough to have booked this hotel -do ensure you do not end up on 7th floor - would give Freddy nightmares!H	
Nov 4 2008 	Welcome to 1970	Centrally located Hotel that is dated and tired. I asked for a quiet room and to be fair I was given a back room on the 4th Floor. The whole floor had a Eastern Communist feel to it (yes I have been there) old fashioned wallpaper and very shabby painting. My room had single glazed casement windows that allowed every noise in - that included the kitchen extractors that whizzed and whirled till late at night. But the room was acceptable.. until I tried to use the shower and it fell off the wall and fell apart. Then the toilet wouldn't flush. The bathroom furniture must have been over 20 years old. Breakfast was OK.. but for £115 for a night I was not very pleased at staying in a place that was shabby.	
Oct 26 2008 	A very good value stay	Although it was only a one-night stay, it was excellent value for money. First impressions were very good, with friendly and helpful reception staff. The reception area, and the bar and restaurant to its left, have been recently refurbished in a more modern and contemporary style. We had a room up on the 6th floor, which again had had a recent makeover, with modern furnishings, flat screen TV and new furniture, including a very comfy bed.My friend arrived before I did, and was able to check in at 10am with no trouble, which was great for her as she'd travelled down from Yorkshire.We had a pre-theatre dinner in the hotel restaurant - good food, friendly and efficient staff, nice modern surroundings. All in all a very positive experience, and excellent value for money.	
Oct 23 2008 	Avoid!!	My company booked me in at this hotel for two nights whilst I was on a course.....it must rate as the worst hotel I have ever stayed in!The first room I was offered smelled very damp and there was visable mould on the carpet. I asked to be moved to another room but they only has one available. Although this room did not have mould there was no hot water from the shower which was not repaired after I complained; the radiator continually made noises throughout the night although it was off; the pelmet on the curtains was hanging off and the curtains did not draw and only one light in the room worked. The general decoration was very dated and in a poor state of repair.	
Oct 10 2008 	Horrible	Room was dirty, wallpaper peeling off the walls. Room had a damp smell. The bathroom needed ripping out or at least some serious modernisation.	
Oct 6 2008 	Cheap place to rest your head	My boyfriend and I had tickets for Lee Evans last weekend so we thought we'd make a long weekend and go to London on the Friday. I spent hours trawling the net for hotels and then checking reviews on Tripadvisor. The Thistle Boomsbury Park wasnt greatly raved about but as Expedia were offering it at approx £75pn we thought we'd go with an open mind. First impressions are that its easy to get to (Russell Sq tube station 5 mins), the staff on reception were helpful and were either English or spoke excellent English. We arrived earlier than check in but not only did we have a choice of room but we checked in straight away!So good things about the hotel. Pleasant, English speaking staff. Clean towels and sheets. Good sized room for central London. Near tube station.Not so good things about the hotel. Lift is the slowest in the world and DOES NOT take 5 people. It will take 2 with luggage at a push. Our bathroom was the size of a broom cupboard and in great need of a refurb. The walls are paper thin and yes we did hear our next door neighbours getting jiggy at 1.30am! Don't have a room at the front if you dont want to be woken by traffic. Lastly be prepared to get hot in the night as there's no aircon, and the radiators are on all night.Oh and dont bother with breakfast, my partner did and he said it was a shambles. Definately go next door to Deans Brasserie as they do an all you can eat breakfast for £6.95 and for that you can have as much as you like with a choice of eggs,tea/coffee and toast. Staff are great and its a nice place.In summary hotel is great for a cheap base (cheaper than travelodge) and would be so much better with a bit of money spent on it.	
Oct 4 2008 	Dont do it!	From the minute I arrived it was a disaster. Although my company had booked with a credit card over the internet I was told that we hadnt paid and we could not check in until payment was given. The total for my collegaue and I was over £500, a sum that neither of us could afford.In the end we had to give authorisation for £50 from my personal credit card which we were happy with.The rooms are damp, dated and dirty. there was mould in the shower and a huge dehumidifier in the room which had not been removed before my arrival. Upon arriving home I discovered that the hotel had authorised a further £462 on my credit card. I had to cancel my credit card and still after numerous phonecalls to the hotel did not recieve an apology.My advice think twice before staying here, customer service is a concept they certainly do not understand!	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Clean, well-appointed rooms. Friendly and helpful staff. Delicious breakfast. A great find for a great price. Looking forward to another stay!	
Sep 23 2008 	fantastic staff....	Had booked this hotel for 4 of us for 3 nights before I read the reviews - when I read them I was concerned.Rooms do need redecorating (they have started on this) Restaurant in now open for Lunch/Dinner and food was fabulous - all of the staff were very friendly, helpful and attentive. Will stay again in this Hotel when in London again.The Breakfast was everything you could wish for - fantastic choice and top quality.Lift needed repair but staff were more than pleased to help with baggage.Overall very good value for money, great food, specially helpful staff.Have stayed at the Marble Arch Thistle (much more expensive) and service was nowhere near as good as at Bloomsbury Park.	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful Stay	We stayed here during the first week of August. We found the hotel to be clean, tidy and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.The room was small but had everything we needed for our 4 day stay. The bathroom was in need of tlc but everything was clean and the sheets/towels were changed daily. The buffet breakfast was EXCELLENT and catered for every type of breakfast you could ever want. Certainly set us up nicely for the day. The location was great as it was near to the tube and the area is centrally located for all of the attractions. For us and the budget we were on we found this hotel to be worth every penny and we will definitely be returning next year when we go on our London excursion again. A big thank you to all at the hotel who made our stay such a happy one.	
Aug 15 2008 	Dissapointed with Bloomsbury Park	Having just spent 7 weeks traveling around UK Europe this was the most expensive and the worst quality of all the hotels that we stayed at.We had trouble finding it as the signage was very poor. Tried to Check in at 1pm and no rooms available, after coming back an hour later as they advised we still waited another hour for the room. Others were in the same situation.Staff had trouble understanding us and we speak English! It was the most inefficient reception we have encountered. Requested a non smoking room and got a smoking one.No air conditioning.Room was small and basic. Worst of all we found mould above the shower that had was so obvious and had been there for many weeks!!Give this one a miss	
Aug 13 2008 	Awful - DOnt go here!! please!!	My fiancee and I stayed here last week, for her birthday I booked a room as its near to most things in london, from the moment we got there it was a shambles, the lift is tiny, not even enough room to put a suitcase in widthways, then the room was dingy, the windowsill was crumbling away and the lightbulb didnt work, then the bathroom was all full of mildew and looked like it needed a good wash.The toilet, everytime it flushed it would make a loud noise for about 20 minutes after, really not helpful for a nighttime visit.on a good note, the shower was nice, good water pressure and I did enjoy the breakfast.But for the price we payed we had a bad view, grungy room and will never return here!	
Jul 25 2008 	Don't Go There	We booked a three night stay at the Thistle Bloomsbury Hotel in February, after flying for over twenty hours from Australia we were unhappy to be taken to the Bloomsbury Park Hotel, however we were prepared to give it a go as we were cold and tired.The twin share room we were given was so small we couldn't move around if the luggage was on the floor and the bathroom was mouldy and filthy, the shower curtain was sitting on the window ledge with no way of hanging it up.In fairness to the reception staff when we complained we were upgraded to a triple room which gave us some space to place the luggage but the new room did not have the heating working and the bathroom was as bad as the first room.A call to reception brought a man with a spanner to turn the heating on, but as the room was so small it soon became a hot house with no way to turn it off.Opening the window slightly seemed the only solution but the window was held onto the frame with wire and almost fell out when we tried to open it.The staff were at all times helpful , polite and embarrassed.breakfast was good,when we explained that we were going to the Thistle Bloomsbury that day they told us that they constantly had complaints from clients who had arrived there expecting to be at the Thistle Bloomsbury and were dismayed with the condition of their hotel, they did however say that the hotel was to be renovated.We had to pay for the two nights again at the Thistle Bloomsbury which we thought was strange as they are owned by the same group and it has taken from February to July to receive a partial refund, as the booking agent Gullivers Travels in the UK have insisted that we paid for a cheaper hotel. By Gullivers figures the difference between a 2 star (thistle bloomsbury park) and a 4 star (Thistle Bloomsbury) is seven pounds a night, I think not!!!Both Hotels are within walking distance of Covent Garden and the museum, strangely the staff at the Thistle Bloomsbury Park (2*) are a lot more pleasant than at the Thistle Bloomsbury (4*) perhaps it's all the experience they have with unhappy clients.My recommendation is don't go there unless you check out the heating and the bathroom in the room first. But thumbs up for the poor staff that have to work under those conditions, and thumbs down for Gullivers Travels who put them in that position.	
Jul 15 2008	No complaints at all!	We stayed for 2 nights, and were very pleased with all aspects of this Hotel. We walked from the station, (St Pancras International) and walked to the Theatres as well. We didn't need taxis or the tube for the whole stay - we even walked to Camden Lock market on the Sunday morning. The Hotel was clean (and didn't smell of mildew at all!!) The staff were friendly, helpful and had a smile on their faces. We got a really good deal, and will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 10 2008	Mildew lovers you have found your mecca!	Simply put, the entire second floor reeks of mildew. Once my friend and I realized this, we simply made a mad dash for our room and then threw open the window immediately upon entering. That solved the problem in our room, but the hallway's stench never dissipated.Some of the staff members were friendly (e.g. the desk clerk who helpfully let us switch from a room with a double bed to one with twin beds) while others were incompetent (e.g. the desk clerk who spent nearly half an hour telling me that I had a large balance upon checkout, even though I had prepaid for the room online).The second star is for the location - three minutes from the Russell Square Tube station, five minutes from the Holborn stop.	
Jun 24 2008 	I would come again	This is a wonderful hotel for its level. The room I had was clean, and cozy. Yes, the rooms are small. How long do you expect to stay in your room? Yes, there are little peeling corners on the wall paper. It is an older two star tourist level hotel. I had no problems with any mold etc in the bathroom. The shower was wonderful with fabulous water pressure. The breakfast (included in my travel package) was very ample with a great selections of hot and cold food. However, it does cost 12 pounds. I would get an all you can eat at the pub next door for 6 pounds. (I am all about saving money). The location is right by the Russell square tube stop and close to the British MuseumThe staff was always wonderful and helpful. I would stay here again if in London.	
Jun 12 2008 	Phew its only one night!!	Well firstly i booked this hotel as a last resort as I couldnt get in at the hotel I normaly stay in whilst working down in London. The pictures on the website didn't look amazing.. but the rooms looked comfortable and all in all I didn't think I had got a bad deal.. all i can say is.. I dont know when those pictures were taken but my room didn't look anything like them! The wallpaper was half coming away from the walls.. the curtains looked they had been torn at the bottom rather than neatly cut. The en-suite was awful.. so grim and old fashioned with a damp musty smell also. The shower cubicle (if you can even call it that) was so small and with a window overhead wasn't exactly the most private of shower facilities. The window was also black with rot and like i read earlier you actually felt cleaner not having a shower than you did having one! The damp smell was also a little in the bedroom and there was no air conditioning and so i hardly got a wink of sleep due to it being so hot. The noise outside also added to that factor and that was with the window shut! I also felt like i had been put in the most hidden away room they could find, as all the other rooms stopped halfway up the corridor but mine continued down past all the cleaners cupboards and fire exits. All I can say is I wont be staying here again, yes the staff were friendly, and ok the breakfast wasn't half bad but otherwise this hotel has nothing going for it in the slightest! Il be sure to get in my regular hotel early in future!!!	
Jun 9 2008 	what a toilet	I have now done something that I have NEVER, NEVER done before. I have checked into a hotel, gone to my room, and proceeded to check out immediately.I have spent 15 years travelling and staying at some god awful hotels, and this can only be described as one step above a public latrine.Water stains on the roof of both bedroom and bathroom, but black marks on the grout did little to reassure me of the cleanliness.Oh, well, I suppose there is always a first for everything, but in all honesty, how can they try to charge £115 per night for this standard of accomodation.How Thistle hotels can have their name associated with such an establishment is completely beyond me.	
Jun 9 2008 	FAB	really really good hotel fab i'll go there if i were u lovely breakfast nice location cleen bathrooms nice bedrooms and quit classic	
Jun 3 2008 	Grim and dreary	To people from outside of the UK, Hotel quality in this country ahs vastly improved in the last 15 years but spending a night in this place was a terrible return to the 1970s. Three-star establishments these days are of a much higher quality than this, or should be. I will say that the staff were friendly and that there was absolutely nothing wrong with the breakfast but apart from that I fear I must echo the mkisgivings of many other travellers on this site - damp, cramped and grim. I was extremely glad that I wasn't paying for the room myself and that it was only one night. In fact, by the look of things I got off lightly by being at the back where it was quiet but as far the other things - cracked tiles, check; peeling wallpaper, check; overall foetid odour of decay in the corridors; check.£110 is probably not that much for a night in a London hotel, especially in this kind of location, but in this day and age, with all the competition in this area, there really isn't any excuse for this kind of shoddy, soul-destroying place to be making anyobody money.The YMCA is only round the corner on the Euston Road - go there instead.	
May 13 2008 	FANTASTIC Hotel	I really wanted to get this on sooner to advise all those that have pretty much slated this hotel that all is not so grim. This is the first opportunity I’ve had.What a place! Ok it’s far from having superior Egyptian cotton bed linen and heated towel rails but what did you expect? For those who have decided to edge a little too far out of the real world and given the overall light of this hotel a dark shadow, perhaps you should book 5* next time for which you will still see ample numbers of people complaining about those too.I do understand that everyone does experience different things but I just felt some of the reviews I read before choosing this hotel were a little unjust.Anyway onto the hotel, each and EVERY staff member was helpful and polite, room fantastic; clean, plenty of room (we were on a corner room 408 I think) bathroom good size and all was well.Hotel overall clean and impressive!The location is second to none - you have the tube about 5 minutes away and then you're off! Breakfast I felt was brilliant; excellent service, hot and cold food and plenty of it and of great quality.Bars and restaurants right next to hotel if you don't feel like venturing out after a long day.Best bit about the hotel for me; the actual human lady voice in the elevator - loved it!Would recommend to every single person and I’ll certainly be returning.Enjoy your stay.Pas	
May 9 2008 	There must be better!	Had to stay here on business on a hot steamy night in May and probably slept for a couple of hours. Despite opening the windows as far as I could and after asking for one of the radiators to be switched off I still struggled. I have stayed in a lot of London hotels over the years and this has to be the worst. The room was badly in need of updating and was tatty at best. Good points: Staff were friendly enough compared to others I have experienced, breakfast had plenty of fresh fruit, left luggage service efficient. But, sorry, overall there must be better for a price of £91 in London?	
Apr 13 2008	quite ok actually :)	ok , i booked this hotel back in January for a one night break for myself and my husband, at a cost of £89 for the room inc breakfast,i read all the reviews on here afterwards an thought ohh myy goddwhat have i done ! this was a birthday treat for me as i wanted to see Greasewe have just come back today (sunday13th April) on friday night (the day before we were going) i received a phone call from the hotel to say they had overbooked and could we transfer to thistle Euston, i declined even though Euston was i think a nicer hotel but we had booked a meal at the restaurant a few doors down from Bloomsbury Park, we arrived at 12 noon and was asked again if we could transfer, i again declined.The first impression of the hotel was, so so, we were given a room on the 2nd floor, now really having looked at all the comments on here, it really wasnt that bad !, the bed linen was spotless, full sized tv, hairdryer, tea/coffee/biscuits, the size of the room was fine, the bathroom was ok, yes the tiles were a bit cracked, but it was clean and toiletries supplied, there was lovely hot running water, the towels were clean, and i have to say the bed was the comfiest we have slept in ! fantastic nights sleep even though we were on the front of the hotel !The breakfast this morning was superb ! everything you could want, the waitresses/waiters were on hand to offer extra tea/coffee and toast, all the food was piping hot, and they were really friendlyAll in all a really pleasant stay,it does need a revamp certainly and we did have bits of wallpaper pealing off but do not be put off by some of the coments on here, i was really worried but it was completely fine !well in our experience anyway,I would go back there, its really central and in a nice area of London, felt safe, and if you like Indian food then the Hason Raja just down the road is a must !!!!!!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	do not stay in room 206	My boyfriend booked for us to stay for two nights for a suprise for my birthday! looking at the internet pictures it looked nice, we arrived checked in n recieved our key everything was ok until we walked in our room.. it wasnt wat we expected it was room 206 it was very small you could harly turn around in it was also dated in need of modernisation basicaly not to my cup of tea. it was clean which is the main thing but the bathroom was horrible all green and the tiles were dirty, the wallpaper was hanging off the wall (im not a snob,but i didnt think tht was a reasonable standard)we stayed a night in that room, but realised we had been mislead my the internet pictures and requested a diff room as we wasnt completly happy they then transfered us to 601 this was on the 6th floor on the 'bloomsbury suite' may i advise anyone planning to stay here request the 6th floor, the rooms are spacious and much better but again not modernised! we enjoyed our stay despite the room the location is good, staff are friendly but are never at reception there in the office behind the desk...We wasnt too imprssed with the breakfast it look as tho it had been sat there all day and not worth £15 each there is a very nice cafe around the corner as we discovered and on the 2nd day we ate there, the staff are friendly enuf make u feel welcome but to be honest we wouldnt go back.	
Apr 5 2008	Thank god It was only one night!!	We stayed overnight at this hotel and thank god it was only one night. On checking in we requested a quiet room and was given room 506. This room was very small and did not in any way, shape or form resemble the photos on the website. The wallpaper was hanging off and they had patched it up with small squares stuck over the top of the existing wallpaper.. The bathroom was very dated and floor tiles cracked and dirty. The noise from the street was really annoying and we didn't get much sleep. The breakfast was ok but nothing special, they served tea in a teapot without a lid! Definately would not recommmend this hotel to anyone. I have stayed in Thistle hotels before and found them fine, but this one is a let down to the chain.	
Mar 27 2008 	Decent Stay	This hotel was definitely a budget hotel. The room size was ok but the beds (two twin beds) were really small and the mattresses seemed rather old (lumpy). The shower (no tub) was TINY and you could barely turn around in it, muchless shave or anything. We only saw a few other guests but somehow we got a room about as far away from an elevator as we could get - down a long corridor, through another door and down another hallway - at the back of the building.The location is ok - about equal distance to either of two Tube stations. The British Museum is a short walk away. The staff seemed friendly but was not always at the desk and didn't always hear you come up (they were in the office behind the desk). Overall, a decent hotel but I wouldn't stay here next time I go back.	
Feb 25 2008	Convenient and great value	Having read previous reviews about this hotel, we went with an open mind as the location was the most important issue.The reception staff were very friendly and polite especially when they could not find any reservation when I produced the booking receipt for our one night stay. Whilst they sorted out this minor problem we were given complimentary tea in the lounge.We found our room to be clean and comfortable although bathroom was a little small, it had all the requirements that would be needed for a short stay.The full English buffet breakfast was an absolute delight and the choice of options excellent and the waiting staff very friendly.This hotel was ideal for it's close walking proximity to the theatres pubs and restaurants etc, and made for a most pleasant weekend break.	
Feb 25 2008 	Book the Travelodge instead	OK, so the room was very cheap £120 for a room for 1 night. The room had 2 single beds, a wardrobe (with the mirror missing) a dressing table and ensuite.The bed springs were sticking out and I caught myself on it on more than 1 occasion, there was a huge patch of damp on the wall, I felt as though I got out of the shower filthier than when I got in.The next morning I planned to have a lie in as check out wasn't until mid-day, but the room maid decided to slam the doors all morning.Book the travelodge, it's cheaper, cleaner &amp; much more comfortable.	
Feb 18 2008 	Brilliant location	Having booked this hotel before reading the many poor reviews given here, it was with some trepidation that we arrived at the Bloomsbury Park. However, our fears were completely groundless as the hotel was perfectly fine!OK, it's a 2-star so you don't expect the Ritz, but all in all we had a very positive experience. The location of the hotel is fantastic; walking distance from the theatres and major attractions, with plenty of pubs and shops nearby. We were given room 503 which is on a corner, so we had windows on two sides of the room making it light and airy. The room itself was fairly plain, but there was a TV and tea and coffee making faciilites and the bathroom, although small, was clean with plenty of hot water.Breakfast was very good indeed; a varied choice of cereals, fruit, bread and a full English. Staff came round and filled up our tea and coffee mugs and brought toast to the table.The reception staff were polite, friendly and very helpful.All I can say, after reading some of the dreadful reviews here, is that the hotel must have undergone a refurbishment recently. We enjoyed our stay here and would definitely recommend it as a good budget hotel.	
Feb 11 2008	Location great price great....	My friend and I loved this hotel. The location is fantastic, 1-2 blooks to everything. The hotel is nice, clean, big dinning room for breakfast that was included in the price. The room was fine, clean, small but ok bathroom. The price was great too.	
Jan 29 2008	Left much to be desired	The staff at breakfast was wonderful, solicitous and helpful. The breakfast was quite good, but a bit inconsistent in terms of what was actually offered. The hotel, on the other hand, left much to be desired, from the extremely tired rooms -- and even more tired bathrooms. Upon arrival our room wasn't ready, two hours later it was finally ready. None of the rooms were very well lit. Very hard to see much of anything in our rooms because the lighting. No means of controling the temperature, but this is not news in London in the wintertime (when much is overheated and the only way to make it less hot is to open windows). Our bathroom was a disaster. First the sink was clogged. Housekeeping came to unclog it, only to make it worse, and bring up a lot of really yucky stuff that must have previous clogged it. When we came back later in the day, thankfully, the sink was cleaned and unclogged. The next day, the seat on the toilet broke off. Later that day, after noting to the front desk that it was broken, it was fixed. Two days later, the shower clogged up. We let the folks in the hotel know, and later it was fixed. Most problems were fixed when we noted them to the staff. Alas, I would have prefered to have a hotel room where everything wasn't constantly breaking.	
Jan 28 2008	Very average hotel	First impression of the hotel was good, but then once we checked in we realised that the lift was out of order. This was not a huge ordeal as we were on the 2nd floor, but we were there for the weekend and it was still out of order when we were leaving. Room was very basic and overlooking a courtyard. Carpets throughout the hotel were very old and worn and tiles in our bathroom were cracked.On the positive side the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the english breakfast which was included was very nice.I would recommend if your planning on staying in this part of London, try the Russell Hotel which is just down the road and is far superior.	
Jan 21 2008 	It must have had a re-furb!	Well, after reading all the awful reviews on here, I was expecting the worst. The trip to London was a present so had to stay there although I must admit I was nervous. The check in desk and lobby is small but nicely decorated in cream and red. Check in couldn't have been simpler or nicer. Got the tiny (tiny!) lift up to the floor and got to the room. Now, OK, not the biggest room, but had a nice big double bed, TV, wardrobe, and a small bathroom. It was very clean and quiet (even with the windows open), all in all, a basic hotel room.Breakfast was served downstairs, in the really lovely dining room. Had nice leather, high backed chairs and the food was good.While we were there, I noticed some handymen and painters and decorators so it must have been done up recently. Also, there were notices in the bedroom and lift saying the bar downstairs was newly open so we went to have a look around and a drink. The bar is really lovely with candles, dark wood, suede sofas and comes complete with the worlds friendliest bar staff. A downside however is no lift to take you back up to the hotel!! You have to go outside and back in to the hotel. A design flaw methinks.So, all in all, a lovely stay was had. I don't know how much was paid for the room unfortunately, as the trip away was a gift, but the room was basic, the actual hotel was nice, the bar and dining room and food were great. What more could be wanted for a trip out in London?	
Jan 15 2008 	You Get What You Pay For	Other reviewers comment on poor decor, and they are right. But this is inexpensive, in a good location. Staff VG &amp; helpful. Rooms small but adequate: who wants to spend time in a room in London? Very Good buffet-style comprehensive breakfast served in comfortable restaurant. Overall, clean but tired: a but like me, really. Good value for money.	
Jan 14 2008 	Great Location for Weekend Break	I have just returned from a weekend break with my best friend and we have to say that Bloomsbury Park ticked all the boxes for our girlie weekend stay. We were using the hotel as a base for our stay, going to the O2 arena for a concert, shopping and general sightseeing. I phoned directly to the hotel and was able to get a great rate for the 2 nights that we were staying including breakfast. Check-in was hassle free, our room was a standard double room (they had no twin rooms left when booking) on the 5th floor, 505. It was small but clean and fresh with a small ensuite. The shower was the best part in the room. it was really powerful and hot! Did have some problems with the flush on the toilet but it did flush if you left it a bit! Our room faced out on to a side street and was generally quite but there was some noise in the evenings, although this was to be expected as we were in the city centre!Breakfast in the mornings was very good, there was alot of choice and it was replenished regularly. It did get busy, being the weekend. We used the Holborn underground station which is less than a 5 min walk away, as our main point for getting around. The hotel is really well located as it is so close to everything that you could want to do and see. We did have one problem with the film pay per view in the room. We found that the night staff we rather unhelpful, when we discovered that the viewing access was not working.In the end we did not get to see the film, and we just thought that they could have paid a little more intrest in helping to solve the issue. Check out went smoothly and we were able to leave our luggage at the hotel, to collect later to get our flight.Overall, I felt that the hotel served our purposes really well. It is in need of a general refurb but that aside it felt clean and safe, staff were friendly and it was at the right price which was what we were looking for.	
Dec 25 2007 	run as if you have seen a rat with plague !!!!	Booked this hotel thru a ticket agent as a package when I wanted to visit London British museum and Tutunkamun exhibition. It was listed as 4 start hotel. And the hotel charged me 120.00 for single room and 175.00 sterling for double room for my friends.My first impression when we entered the hotel was one of dreadful trepidation and disgust - the reason was the whole building was stale and dark, the lounge chairs were dirty and stained, the window screens were crumpled and ancient. I, along with my friends checked in wondering what on earth we will find in the rooms and - true to my fear and apprehension, the room was a veritable dumb a garbage center would have been proud of ! The carpet was as dirty as it could be, the window had a large gap with draft gushing in, bathroom shower curtain was so dirty it made me cringe to get in for a shower, the bathtub tab constantly leaked with an annoying whistling noise which I couldn't stop and to top it all - the bed rest was stained with peoples head secretions and smelled foul - I had to use the washed towel to cover the head rest to go to bed !!!!!!!!!!!!!ALL THAT FOR A HEAFTY PRICE.The visit was for a memorable occassion to meet my wonderful frineds from Ireland whom I hadn't seen for couple of years. What should have been a pleasant stay was ruined by the 'Thistle' hotel's callous and wanton management.IF YOU EVER SEE THE BRAND NAME &quot;THISTLE&quot; HOTELS - RUN WAY AS IF YOU SEEN A RAT WITH A PLAGUE.	
Dec 19 2007	Disappointing all round	My stay in this hotel with my g/f comprised of two nights in a Standard double room with breakfast while we indulged in a little shopping and the theatre. Although the play was fantastic the hotel left a lot to be desired.Despite pre-ordering a non-smoking room, we were given a smoking room on the 6th floor, though the check-in was very pleasent and welcoming.The accomodation itself was in desperate need of some attention, in particular the bathroom, where the thick moulded plastic sink had three cracks which ran from the plug hole to the rim, the wall mounted hair dryer hose was broken, the taps had large limescale deposits, there was mould staining on the bath and there were hideous 70's style green tiles for the shower that looked to have been regrouted on numerous occasions in a very unprofessional way.The bedroom was better, but again very dated. The net curtain covering the windows was dirty and torn and one of the chairs stained. The TV signal was also very poor on all but 3 channels.On the plus side the bed was very comfortable, the linen clean and the view from the sixth floor was pretty good.Again I was disappointed with the breakfast facilities. The cooked breakfast I ordered on the first day was poorly presented and some parts of the breakfast had been kept under heat for far too long making them look very unpalatable. The table we were given was not properly prepared, I would not expect to have to had to ask for additional cutlery! The cereals were not properly labelled either as is customary in most hotels, fussy maybe, but frosties can look mighty similar to corn-flakes as my g/f found out, which considering she's a type 1 diabetic can be quite annoying.The price point for this hotel is very good considering it's location, but this shouldn't mean a trade-off against what are basic standards you hope for when your after that special stay.	
Dec 16 2007 	Great bargin	Booked out trip through Go-Today.com which we reached through TravelZoo. Overall, a great deal. Round trip from San Diego, CA to London; shuttle to/from the airport; 12 nights in the hotel; and a rental car for 1 day; all for $3400 for 2 people.The Bloomsbury Park Hotel (not to be confused with the Thistle Bloomsbury, a more upscale hotel) was quite reasonable considering the price. However, the first night we were assigned a room on the 3rd floor. All smoking! The entire floor, including our room, reeked of cigarette smoke. The staff was very helpful in getting reassigned to a room on the 2nd (non-smoking) floor. The room was very basic- a double bed, wardrobe, small desk and chair, TV, and another chair. The bath with stall shower was compact but serviceable. (Two minor problems: no towel bars in the bath, only a single hook on the back of the door. And, the TV was located so that, if you were in bed, you had to look 90 degrees to the right to watch it. We solved that one by putting a suitcase on the extra chair and putting the TV on top of that.)The staff was quite congenial and helpful. Anytime we has any sort of a problem, it was resolved that day.Finally, location: Absolutely fantastic! Walking distance to the British Museum, Oxford Street for shopping, Leicester Sq (theatre district), Trafalgar Square, Soho, and Chinatown. Also, very convenient for buses and the Underground.Recommended for anyone who is looking for basic accommodations in a convenient location at a reasonable price.	
Dec 4 2007 	Disapointing	Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms very disapointing in urgent need of redecorationBathroom out of date with cracked tiles and Mildew. Non Smoking room was requested however our room smelt very strongly of smoke. Best part of the stay was the breakfast.	
Nov 21 2007 	clean 	Stayed overnight before a course. It was the only reasonably priced room for a sunday night in russel square. This is a basic and functional hotel....the interiors need a little bit of work ( peeling paintwork in bathroom &amp; window sills ) but it was clean and adequately supplied ( tea/coffee;hairdryer;toiletries). The staff were friendly and breakfast was buffet style and very nice. This is not really a hotel you'd want to spend a lot of time in but for B &amp;B purposes, It is good. Location is great- just off russel square &amp; easy walk to the tube station. I was not really disturbed by outside noise in my room ( though I was facing the quiet side street.)	
Nov 15 2007 	Not brill but OK	My friend and i stayed here for one night at the end of October, we got a good price booking through Londontown.com.As others have said the hotel is tired. Our room was clean but the decor was poor, the paper was beginning to peel at the seams. The bathroom was very old and although clean we were glad we were there only one night so we didn't need to use it too much. It was cold in the room and found out the radiator didn't work; we asked for it to be turned on and when we got back from a walk there was a portable radiator in the room. At least that solved the problem. The last negative thing really was a room booked for two people were only given enough tea, biscuits etc for one!On the plus side, the staff were friendly, lots of mints on the desk! Breakfast is good, lots of choice and the tube was very close by.	
Oct 22 2007	brilliant bloomsbury	My daughter and i stayed at the bloomsbury park hotel for three nights, and after reading some of the reviews I was a little worried and wondered if I should have booked a different hotel.Well, we had great time, ok the room was a bit tired looking but clean and at the end of the day all you are going to do is sleep there, and for what I paid I certainly have nothing to complain about. Breakfast was super with loads to choose from, Staff friendly and very helpful and the beds were so comfy we nearly slept in on the last morning.I know you can't please everybody but for a reasonably priced hotel so close to the centre of London, the Bloomsbury park is ideal, I certainly would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2007 	Excellent - just what i needed!	I stayed at the Bloomsbury Park on the 17th October for 2 nights while i attended a course. I thought the hotel was brilliant. Check in was really quick and easy, the receptionist was friendly and helpful. My room was lovely...i had a double bed which was so comfy, i slept really well! TV, hairdryer, towels etc are all included. There is also Wireless in the rooms. The bathroom is really spacious and the shower was good, i always had hot water etc. I had breakfast both mornings and it was brilliant. So much choice. Hot english breakfasts, cereal, dried fruit, yoghurts, fresh fruit inc watermelon, toast, rolls, mini muffins (!!??), pastries, hams and cheeses. There was everything you could possibly want. They also had 4 different juices, water, jams etc. The waiters offer you tea and coffee and toast and bring it to you. The hotel was in a good location with Holborn, Russell Square and Chancery Lane tube stations a few mins away. It took me around 10 mins to get from Waterloo to the hotel in a cab. Maybe i don't have high standards but i thought this hotel was lovely - couldn't fault it! It was only £119 a night too so very reasonable.	
Oct 19 2007	OK. A reasonable hotel.	I stayed here for one night in October. It is a reasonable base in Bloomsbury close to the tube. The staff are efficient and welcoming. I was able to store my bag from early morning although my room wasn't ready - if it had been I could have checked in early. The room was clean but a bit tired. Breakfast wasn't included in my room rate (£116 for the night) which seemed a bit mean, I decided to take breakfast in the hotel anyway - £10.95 for a hot and cold buffet - I enjoyed it, but if you wanted there is a Starbucks next door and another hotel on the other side offering a cheaper breakfast buffet.	
Sep 2 2007 	Good base	We'd stayed here before, but couldn't recall anything about it! We booked again on the basis that it couldn't have been too bad the first time otherwise we would remember!We were welcomed warmly and efficiently. The hotel is basically clean and presentable. The rooms were a little old fashioned, especially the bathrooms, but are of a good size for central London. The bathroom was tiled in old green tiles, and there were some chipped tiles, and the grout had some signs of mould, but not so much as to be unacceptable - just a sign of age.The shower was powerful and hot, although the hot water ran out on Saturday morning. The bed was comfortable, and you get two pillows without having to ask or search!The hotel itself was quiet, but the old single glazed windows did admit quite a lot of noise from outside. The sash windows have security cables to limit how far they can be opened (but ours was broken!), which I'd imagine could cause problems if it was hot (probably why ours was broken?!!).Location is great - a stroll from Holborn tube station, and within walking distance of Oxford Street, Tottenham Court Road, etc. Some nice restaurants nearby.The breakfast was a buffet, which they kept well replenished. Full English had good eggs, bacon and sausages, etc. Signs suggest that the last hour of service can be very busy and recommends earlier servings for a leisurely breakfast. We went down about 9am on the Saturday and it was fine, although the seating was a bit cramped. We wanted a reasonable room at a reasonable price for a theatre/shopping visit and this hotel more than met our requirements. It's not the best or the cheapest, but worked well for us. The only bit that took some of the shine off was when we bought a beer from the vending machine and found it was a crown top. There was no opener on the machine or in the room, and the night receptionist didn't seem too happy about having to go to the kitchen to find an opener. The daytime staff were far more cheerful, and if the management insist in using a machine instead of a bar, then they should make sure you can at least open the bottles! Bring a screw cap bottle of wine in with you - it'll be cheaper too.Overall, we would be content to stay here again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great	Really nice pleasant staff, nice quiet interjoining rooms, loverly breakfast and great location.Couldn't really ask for more...yes some things a bit dated but all you need for a great break in London within walking distance to all theatres.If you don't need room service and a bar I can't fault it. I would definately stay again without hesitation.	
Jul 30 2007 	Decided to ignore bad reviews and make own decision....	...and I'm glad I did! Reserved a standard double which was happily upgraded to kingsize deluxe as it was a special occasion. Staff friendly, room nice enough and the breakfast was great (especially the mushrooms!). Makes me wonder what people expect from a London hotel in such a central location at this reasonable price? I expected a bit of a dump in a great location but was pleasantly surprised...perhaps it is a lottery as to which room you get but would definitely stay again with friends. Before booking I did lots of research and other places in the area were charging the same for one night as I paid for three! A hidden gem and I'm pleased I relied on my gut instinct!	
Jul 2 2007 	Good location but little else to write home about...	For some reason found it really tough to get a hotel in London last week but managed to find a deal for this for £115 for one night for a twin room - wish I had more of a choice where I stayed...Location: is quite good with Holborn just a walk away.Room: My room was awful. It was small which I come to expect from many London hotels but was also noisy (could hear the other guests very loudly!) and the bathroom smelt of damp and just had a shower (no bath). The windows had a lot of condensation and there was a lot of damp on the windowsills (the paint was peeling away). The overall feeling was one of grubbiness and to be honest I didn't want to spenda second longer there...Lobby: They have an alcohol vending machine (there is no mini barf orroom service) Check in: Bizarrely was good. They were very friendly, it was just a shame the hotel was awful.There are much better hotels in London to spend your money on...	
Jun 29 2007 	Book this-Excellent staff and Sleeping-zzzzzzzzz	Book this Hotel: Good location, top floor great views, local eateries near by and shops. Bus stop outside the hotel. The staff couldn't do enough for you, especially the concierge. Stayed here 5 Days June 2007. I was the one with lost luggage for 3 days. Great shopping London. catch the Trafalgar bus outside hotel, all day ticket for £3.50. GREAT! Well done London transport. Ask for a none smoking room, I think the first room we had was a bit small, but ask the nice chap on the desk and they're happy to oblige. Terrific. All the Theatres just a bus ride away and Covent garden around the corner. Don't miss the British Library just up the road next Euston station. Go on the London Eye, Visit Westminster Abbey, but not on Sunday. It's shut. We originally tried to get the Bloomsbury but when I saw where it was, I am so glad i booked the Bloomsbury Park...... very glad.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great base for sightseeing	This is a great hotel to use as a &quot;base&quot;. It is 5 minutes walk from Euston station &amp; in a great part of town. The reception staff were very proffesional, friendly and really could not have been more helpful. The rooms were small but clean. The curtains weren't fixed to the windows very well, but they still did their job. The bathroom was tiny, and you had to do a little dance to get behind the door and squuueeze behind it to the loo, but it was fine. There was a decent sized wardrobe &amp; dressing table with mirror. I thought breakfast was great, you have to request toast and tea, but everything else was on platters, so you could have a full english. There was also cereal, fruit juice, fruit and pastries. The hotel is situated near near Pizza Express, Starbucks, Tesco, souvneir shop etc, so in a handy spot. It was about 10 mins walk to the tube station and about 20 mins to Oxford Street. I stopped there with my Mum and we found it was brilliant for our weekend sightseeing. I can understand that people used to &quot;high-end&quot; hotels may not think the hotel is the best, but it is cheap, pleasant and in a great location. The only downside I can think of is that our room was on the front of the hotel &amp; was quite noisy. We booked the hotel through a website (LondonTown) &amp; the rate was a LOT cheaper than the prices charged via the hotel, so I can understand how other reviews have said it wasn't worth the money. However I would definitly recomend the hotel for the location and value for money	
May 22 2007 	Nothing remarkable	Stayed here while in London with work - the hotel was booked through work so I didn't have a choice of where to stay. Location: pretty convenient, within a short walk to Russell Square and Holborn tube stations. On a busy street with many coffee shops and restaurants - all cheap or mid-priced. Very close to the British Museum.Room: Tiny! The kind of room where you bump into something no matter what you open, where you stand, where you bend down! There's no getting away from the sheer claustrophobia of it. Bathroom was also small but functional. Everything was pretty dated and crumbling, and not in a nice way! General hotel: Lobby looks nice and luckily has a beer vending machine (a godsend later that night...). Lift is tiny and can really only hold 4 people at a time. Decor outside of lobby in the rest of the hotel is dated and crumbling.Staff: Really nice, friendly, efficient throughout the stay. Couldn't fault them at all. Would not stay here again if I had the choice but I've come to expect this level of hotel in London. A double room with breakfast cost £110 so this is not very cheap - it's a shock that this is what you get for your money in London!	
Apr 16 2007 	OK	After reading many reviews on this hotel i was dreading staying here, but i was pleasantly surprised it was not as bad as what i was expecting.The rooms were clean if not a bit basic but had everything you would need, the bathroom was small and dated with only a shower but again it was clean.The rest of the hotel was nice the staff were very friendly and plenty of choice at breakfast. and is in a fantastic location	
Apr 13 2007 	there is better out there...	This is a functional hotel. There are no airs and graces and no niceties. This is unfortunate as I have come to expect these from Thistle hotels. The room I had was small, to walk round the bed I had to limbo around the tv which was attached to the wall with a very weak looking bracket. The bathroom was clean, but old, very old (Although good marks for a powerful shower), which made it feel dirtier than it was. I'd like to make more comment, but that was my room. There wasn't anything else that could fit in. The hotel itself also looks old and pretty uncared for, even the reception area had damaged wallpaper. The restaurant where I had breakfast was pleasant enough and the food appeared OK - i only had cereal and tea so can't really judge. I am certain that you can get better quality for the same money. The one bonus is it is within walking distance of Euston, which is handy for business travel.	
Apr 12 2007 	What to do?	2 of us planned 2 weeks in London- our only trip. This was billed as a 3 star hotel, and would have been, had it not been for the condition. Shouldn't have this rating-stayed in smaller b&amp;B's on Isle of Wight that had better amenities in a teeny room!Staff - excellent, but couldn't keep up with all of the minor complaints about things not working every day from everyone! July was heat wave, and there was no air conditioning &amp; no fan or mini fridge available for our room. We moved out of our first room, as the street noise all night was unbearable - if you opened the windowswide you had a choice of pigeons or the bus stop outside the window. Ask for an &quot;off the street&quot; room. Room 2 was quieter, but still facedthe heat problems. Housekeeping, front desk &amp; dining room staff were extremely helpful, but couldn't change the fact that the hotel was old, chairs in the lobby were ripped &amp; dirty, shower #2 didn't work right. The hair dryer was a hose model from the 50's. Pay phones didn't work, internet in lobby was out of order. Breakfast good, plentiful &amp; exactly the same every day. Great location for sights, tube, shopping &amp; food - too bad it needs new management!	
Apr 12 2007	Appalling!	The ceiling in the bathroom leaked so badly it was impossible to use the loo or the wash basin. On arrival we were told that we had been upgraded to a superior room - heaven knows what standard accommodation was like. The room was shabby and very cramped. The ceiling and walls in the bathroom were covered in damp. During the night the bathroom ceiling began to leak and by morning water was literally streaming through the ceiling. We could not get a response from reception. In fairness the hotel did reduce our bill by 50% but the problem was clearly known and yet we had still been allocated the room. Breakfast was poor and corridors were dirty and worn. Never again|!	
Apr 1 2007 	disappointing destination	We would like to inform travelers to avoid Bloomsbury Park Hotel at all costs. Even though, it is described as a budget hotel, one would expect certain standards to be met. The building is in terrible shape i.e. broken toilet, peeling wallpaper, cracked tiles in bathroom, desperate need of re-grouting. We also were in a very noisy and loud area interfering with rest and sleep. The arrangements for dining at breakfast were bizarre and chaotic. The usage of the telephone was not explained satisfactorily , therefore we acquired a large phone bill. The hotel staff was friendly and responsive, with the exception of forgetting a wake-up call and misplacing 2 out of 3 containers of food that we asked them to hold for us. I would rate this hotel , at best, 1 out of 5 stars, not the 2 - 3 advertised.	
Feb 27 2007	Overall good value for money	I was slightly wary after reading some of the reviews on this website, but it turns out that I needn't have been. My husband stayed at the hotel recently for work purposes and said that it was fairly adequate and reasonable, although the staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed at the hotel again together for a long weekend and our room was perfectly nice, clean, and a good size. Although there was some noise to be heard from outside, it was no more than you would expect from a busy London street at the weekend, and the thick curtains blocked out any light. The location was very good and meant that accessing the sights of London was easy, being in walking distance of Russell Square station and numerous pubs/restaurants. The staff were very helpful, friendly and polite. Maybe the standard of the hotel has improved over the last year, but I think some of the previous reviewers had unrealistic expectations and wanted 'something for nothing'. If you want the best you have to pay for it! This hotel was overall good value for money.	
Feb 13 2007 	Perfectly Adequate	Our initial impression was one of slight dismay because of the size of the room. Very small for a twin. There were no towel racks in the bathroom and inadequate storage for clothing. BUT, the room was quiet, the shower was strong (though hard to manage at first), the breakfast was very good, and the location was perfect. We booked the room as part of a package deal and got an excellent rate by London standards. Perfectly adequate for our needs.	
Feb 2 2007	'If you can't find an alternative hotel save you time and Money"	Stayed here with my partner over New Year and I'm still in the middle of putting together a complaint - trying to reduce it from 3 full A4 sheets of paper is proving hard!From the several reviews on this website please please don't think &quot;oh is just natural moaners' count the reviews and extract the good ones - believe me it's a true reflection - How on earth can a leading hotel chain put there brand behind this 'dump'Too much to write, please dont be fooled by the name 'THISTLE' its only written on the dirty mat on the way in and on a couple of menus in the room!called the centeral reservations department to complain - she knew which hotel I was going to complan about before I said!!Granted the hotel is old but no excuse for filth, the location is great, which is the hotels only saving grace and I'm sure that's how they have been awarded an overall '2'If you are planning a trip to London - don't stay here, if you have already booked - Cancel, if you cant get your money back don't worry, swallow the loss, you'll thank me in the end!!	
Dec 25 2006 	Leaving was a Relief	This hotel has set itself very low standards and fails to acheive them. It is the kind of place that gives British tourism a bad name.Fortunately we stayed only one night. Our 'Superior Room' had badly fitting single glazed windows that did little to soften the street noise. Tatty furnishings, mouldy shower, dented doors, surly receptionist and cold breakfast all contributing to a feeling of dissatisfaction and dismay - surely not what our Capital should settle for.Thinking of booking? - think again!	
Nov 27 2006 	Awful hotel not what we expected out of a Thistle!	My mum booked this hotel as she was doing some training here, we thought 'oh its a Thistle Hotel' and they have a good reputation as being a nice hotel, as there is one in Manchester which is lovely. We were so wrong!! The reception staff were rude and could not do two things at once, now if their first lanuguage was English then that might of helped things!!The corridors to the rooms gave it all away, very old fashioned - felt like it has not been decorated in about 50 years.Our room was tiny and nothing whatsoever like the photos on this website or their own website. The door to the room was too close to the bed so we had to squeeze round the corner, the lighting was awful.The bathroom was the worst, the suite was in that old green colour people had in the 80s, the ceramix sink was cracked, there was a moudly smell and the hot tap would not turn off so it was dripping all night.Luckily we were only stayiong for one night, if it would have been any longer we would of changed hotel, definately not what i expected for paying £115 a night!! would of been better and cheaper at a Premier Lodge!!	
Nov 12 2006 	noisy and moldy	I booked one night at the Thistle Bloombury Park last minute. It was a big mistake, we were awake at 4am to some loud band playing 80s music. In addition to the noise, the bed was extremely uncomfortable and the restroom was also moldy. Not a comfortable stay at all. The upside was that we only stayed one night there and moved to a different hotel.	
Nov 2 2006 	Better than these posts would indicate!	After booking this hotel through a discount agent through which I had no choice of hotel, I looked at these reviews. My wife was particularly worried and threatened to leave me if the hotel was as bad as these reviews had indicated. And I must confess, these reviews had me worried. Well, she stayed with me. We paid US$75 plus tax &amp; fees (coming to around US$85/night total) and it was an amazing bargain, particularly given the very high hotel room prices in London. Okay, so the shower could have used some regrouting. But other than that, the hotel was fine. There was a line getting into breakfast on Sunday at 9:30 AM: BFD, as we say. The elevator worked fine. The staff was very nice. We needed an extra towel, and the receptionist brought it up instantly and with a smile. They happily held our baggage all day on the day we checked out. Great location at Russel Square. We were able to go to the British Museum THREE TIMES -- it's just a block away. I had to park the car in the parking lot of the nearby Imperial Hotel at £16/day, granted. But this hotel was clean, decent, well-located, standard in every way. The Ritz it ain't (or even some of the higher rated Thistle hotels) but it certainly does not merit the bad reviews you will read here. I've rated it with 4/5 because of the great value and also to improve the hotel's average here. I will in the future take these reviews with a grain of salt (a very big grain of salt!)	
Oct 29 2006 	The Thistle chain should be ashamed to be associated with this hotel	As already mentioned in several other reviews, this hotel has a foul, musty smell in the hallways. There is wallpaper missing off the walls, exposing mouldy plaster. The seating in the dining room is stained and dirty and the towels in the bedrooms are thin and an off-white colour. The toilet also did not flush properly. The Thistle chain should be embarrassed to be associated with this hotel, as it does nothing for their reputation. This hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment.	
Oct 26 2006	Mouldy Smell Castle	General Warning!!Avoid this hotel until they have fixed the &quot;mouldy-damages&quot;.For sure it´s a risk for your health./ A member from the KLT-team of Sweden	
Oct 11 2006	Avoid This Hotel Whatever You Do!!!	There is absolutely nothing to recommend this hotel and it should be avoided at all costs. The lift wasn't working, the room was shabby with peeling wallpaper and had a general &quot;grimy&quot; feel. The bathroom however was utterly disgusting and smelt terrible. The floor had pieces of toilet paper strewn about and the toilet did not flush properly (and indeed had not been flushed when I arrived!) The shower was very mouldy and dirty with cracked and broken tiles. Not all the lights worked and the curtains were coming away from the rail so let the street light in. I felt rather uneasy because the stairway up to the rooms was quite near the open door to the street and the reception was much further inside the building, so anyone could have wandered in off the street and gone up to the rooms unchallenged. I had already decided to give the cooked breakfast a miss (on the basis that if they were prepared to provide a bathroom like that, heaven only knows what the kitchens are like) but thought I would be safe enough with some toast. However even that was both burnt and soggy, which really takes some talent!! They couldn't even manage to get me a cab!! In case you are in any doubt - DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I considered filling in the hotel's Feedback card in the room, but when I discovered that I would be &quot;automatically entered into a prize draw to win a free weekend break at one of our hotels&quot; I decided not to bother, in case I won!! I thought Thistle was an OK chain, but I will never stay in one of their hotels again.	
Oct 10 2006 	At Least it is a Good Location	I got my room through Continental Airlines for US$113 per night, which is a bargain no other site could come close to. The location is really very good; two blocks from Russell Square and The British Museum and within walking distance of Covent Gardens and the West End. The room was very small - I had to &quot;Limbo&quot; around the wall-mounted TV to get to the desk - but the room and bedlinens were clean...except for the bathroom. The bathroom door opened outward and clearly due to fire laws, has a self closer that trapped all the moisture in it resulting in staining. There was no actual mildew, but it looked horrid. There is a cute sidestreet with a pub and restaurants and other nice eateries nearby. It was convenient to the tube and busses. I have mixed feelings about this place. I doubt I'd stay there with my family, but for me traveling alone, it was a bargain of the first order. I agree that the Thistle name should be removed as it is not up to the standards of other Thistle hotels.	
Oct 1 2006 	Gives Thistle Hotels a bad name	Just for once my usual websites didn't throw up anything in my price range so I let my employer's preferred web agents book me in here. Never again. I was in a double room that I would describe as an oversized wardrobe - the real wardrobe looked like a reject from MFI. It was a hot night but there was so much street noise that it was impossible to sleep with the window open - and difficult with it closed. The heat and stuffiness were compounded by thin walls, with one woman coughing all night on one side and a couple having continuous energetic sex on the other. As others have noted, the bathrooms are tiny and don't seem to have had any investment for at least thirty years - when avocado and pampas were still fashionable colours for bathroom suites...There was no effective ventilation so the shower area was covered with mould. The towels seemed as old as the bathroom, worn thin and somewhat grubby. Likewise the carpet and the pillows should have come with a free visit to a chiropractor. The only saving grace was the staff who were friendly, efficient and welcoming. They really deserved a much better environment. I have stayed in several Thistle hotels - they are not top-range but I have generally found them clean, well-kept and comfortable. This one really tarnishes the whole brand. They should do it up or dispose of it - but the staff certainly deserve a bonus for surviving with such good humour.	
Sep 28 2006 	Gives Thistle a poor reputation	If this is the standard of Thistle Hotels I would give them a very wide berth. This gives the impression of a poor budget hotel chain. I stayed in a single room for one night and I would not stay again. The staff are helpful and do their best. The breakfast was ok and better than expected. The hotel is in dire need of renovation. My room had a tiny very old fashioned bathroom with bottom of the range toiletries. The toilet roll holder was broken and the shower had a curtain which was unsuitable and wrapped itself around you when in the shower. It needs money spent on it and until that happens I recommend that you avoid it.	
Sep 5 2006 	Not bad at all	Not sure why this hotel has been given such bad reviews by people, we have just stayed here for 2 nights &amp; found it Ok. We were given a top floor double room, but on returning that night we were told the handrail had fallen off the stairway, and as the lift only went to the 6th floor, we were on the 7th, we were given the option of upgrading; we were then given a larger room, overlooking the front. The only thing we found wrong was the size of the bathroom, which was very tiny, but the showers etc were very good. The staff were very helptul &amp; the breakfast was nice, it was nice that they extend the breakfast until 11am on Sundays...very useful.Overall we found this hotel fine, the location is excellent, very close to Russel Square tube &amp; it has lots of restaurants &amp; shops right outside.	
Aug 5 2006	Both the good and bad are true	Both the good and bad in the other reviews are true. My room had a bit of mildew in the bathroom. The paint was peeling on the ceiling and the wallpaper was dirty. However, the bed linen was clean, the cable TV worked, and the shower water was hot. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The location was great. Two blocks from the tube stop and you could walk to anything in central London. The neighborhood was clean and safe with a good selection of restaurants. The Thistle name is misleading here but it was a good, lower end budget hotel.	
Jul 31 2006 	Disgusting!! Do Not Stay Here!!	This hotel was the most foul place I've ever stayed. It smelled immediately upon walking into the reception area and got worse as we approached our room. The entire hotel is filthy, old and musty. Our 1st room had mold growing out of the ceiling and hair all over the bathroom. It was so hot, it felt like a furnace. Everything was in outdated, shabby condition. We were moved to another room which wasn't any better, but after a busy day, we decided to spend the night. Two out of three lights were burnt out and the tea set had a wine glass and a cocktail glass, but no teacups. As with the first room, there were strange, suspicious stains all over the walls, ceiling, carpet and furniture. The toilet didn't flush and there was used wadded up toilet paper left by the toilet paper dispenser. The water smelled like a sewer and once again we found odd hairs all over the bathroom. The icing on the cake?? The hotel is located above a very loud pub that stays open until 2am. Between the bar noise and the frequent ambulance sirens, I didn't get any sleep. We moved to another hotel the next morning. This hotel should not be in business!!	
Jul 21 2006	Avoid	I will not stay here again. I paid about £84.00 for the night. The place was shabby, in serious need of refurbishment and had a musty smell. As for the rooms, the single room is tiny and lacking in basic comfort. There was only one plug socket so you could not put the fan on and watch the TV at the same time so careful planning was required. Breakfast was basic and uninspiring but I have saved the worst to last. The lift was out of order so I had to walk up and down to my my room on the 4th floor and the staircase was narrow in places and there was no hot water. I only discovered this when after running the shower for 10 minutes and having to go out I gave in and had a cold shower. I told reception and it was explained that there was no hot water at all. The following morning it was the same and another cold shower. This place should not be open until it is suitable for paying guests.	
Jul 20 2006 	Okay on the whole good location but there were some problems.	I was booked into this hotel for one night with work. I was a bit wary after having read other reviews but despite some problems it really wasn't as bad as some centrally located London hotels I have stayed in. I was upgraded from a single to a double, not sure why, I didn't ask to be upgraded, but I had paid significantly more than the rate that was available at the time, so maybe that was why. However, I was then told the lift didn't work, not a problem to me, as I would always use the stairs anyway, but could have been a problem to some people. I was asked was I okay with my bags and the stairs, so presumably if I hadn't been I could have had help. The room was spacious, reasonably well decorated and clean, although the bathroom was tiny and in need of a refurb. It was clean though and the toilet flushed properly, unlike some in other people's reviews. To be fair it was very noisy from the traffic and bars and restaurants, but it didn't stop me sleeping well, although I suppose some people would have had problems. The restaurant for breakfast was barely big enough and the selection wasn't as good as some hotels I normally stay in, but the staff were friendly and did their best.The major problem was there was no hot water in the morning for my shower and on telling reception I was informed there was a problem with the boiler and the maintenance man had been called for. An hour later we were told the boiler needed replacing and the whole hotel wouldn't have hot water until at least that evening. The staff were so pleasant it was difficult to be annoyed, but it would make me stay somewhere else next time. The location is excellent, with many good restaurants, bars and shops close by. Felt to be a very safe environment, important when you are staying on your own. Public areas very small, not well staffed and in need of refurbishment, and although I wouldn't choose to stay there again, I would if nowhere I knew better was available.	
Jul 8 2006 	Nothing wrong with this hotel at all	I was a little worried about this place after reading some of the reviews below but this hotel is fine. I've stayed in dozens of hotels in London and all around the UK and you could do much, much worse than this place. I thought the place was rather charming.No queue at check-in, helpful clerk offered to carry my bag. Short walk up the stairs (why take a lift to the 1st floor?) where my swipe card let me into room 110. Lovely and clean, the bathroom was a little careworn but had ferociously hot and powerful shower and lots of pillows on the comfortable bed. Yes, London is hot in the summer and there is no air-con in this hotel but I asked for my windows to be opened and they were, allowing in the cool night air. My room faced a couple of outdoor restaurants on a side street and a pub but it was very quiet after 11pm and I was right on the first floor. I would imagine a room in the back up on a higher floor would be even quieter.Oh and don't bother with the restaurant breakfast as its over-priced and there is an excellent all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet at the lovely brasserie right next door to the hotel for something line £5.Couldn't ask for a better location. Lots of tourist friendly restaurants nearby, Russell Square tube is around the corner, British Museum is a 10 minute walk away, Covent Garden / West End is 20 minute walk away.Clean, friendly, but careworn. Excellent value for money. I'd stay here again without hesitation.	
Jul 7 2006 	Warning do not stay here.	This hotel should not be open for business. And it certainly should not carry the Thistle name. The staff were friendly and our transfer the following morning to the 'real' thistle down the road was smooth and without question. It is a dirty, unkempt disgusting hotel. Hot in summer, noisy if you are next to the pub, disgusting bathroom, tiny beds and tiny rooms. There is nothing good about it and it is not value for money. I would rather stay in a backpackers.	
Jun 16 2006 	stay away	This hotel was disgusting, dirty and i cant even find the words to describe the rest of it, i had booked deluxe rooms which turned out to be small, dirty with an avacoda bath and the smallest bathroom i have ever come across, the hotel its self was dirty, with wallpaper hanging off and a change of colour in the stair capet half way up, when we arrived at the night time to check in we noticed that the dinning area was closed for decoration yet it was open the floowing morning for breakfast only to be closed again later that day for painting to take place, we complained to the management who i must say was very nice and moved us to a PROPER thistle hotel where we happend to bump into other guests who had previosuly been staying at this hotel.Overall this hotel is worse than faulty towers and unless your looking for an adventure and willing to put your health and risk STAY AWAY	
Jun 13 2006	save your money!!!!! this place stinks!	just got home from a stay in the bloomsbury park hotel and let me just say save your money! Besides the fact that there was a heatwave in london and they had no air conditioning we at least got a fan! Also they gave us two towels for two people. Call me spoiled but 2 towels???? The elevator was the size of a shoebox and took so long to get to the third floor. We had to get our room changed because the toilet wouldnt flush. The bathroom was dirty and moldy. Ill spend the extra money next time! The best part of the hotel was the location to the tube and that was it. It was so hot in the room I was tempted to sleep out in the park across the street! If you can spend a extra $50 go elsewhere. they should be ashamed to be a chain of the well known THISTLE hotelsfrom a unhappy new yorker!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jun 13 2006	Simply Terrible	Myself and my partner stayed at the Bloomsbury park on 3rd June. We paid a supplement for the privilige of a superior room which turned out to be more in keeping with a backpackers hostel. Never mind swing a cat, there was no room to swing one of the many lice that decided to join us for our stay. The door to the bathroom was cracked, along with the bathroom tiles. The toilet seat was hanging off on one side and the bathroom smelt musty and looked like it hadn't been cleaned since the bathroom was furnished - which must have been the late 1970's. I am amazed that this hotel carries the Thistle brand although I understand it is a Thistle associate rather than a proper Thistle. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. Avoid at all costs.	
Jun 5 2006	Fine budget hotel	This hotel was pretty much as expected. Location was good, just off the Piccadilly line close to the Russell station which puts you near Covent Garden, ect.The room itself was ok, a bit of a dated bath but everything worked. For a budget London hotel, the room was actually a pretty good size. Our breakfast was included and was pretty good as well.The staff was very accommodating to us to letting us have a drink at the hotel bar after the pubs were closed.	
Jun 5 2006	ok place to hang your hat	Stayed at the Bloomsbury Park for four nights&lt; May 19th. Nice location for the tube, (Piccadilly line that goes straight to Heathrow) Clean place, room a little worn out looking, but clean. Nice courteous staff. Decent beakfast. Felt safe. Store, restaurants, Britishmuseum all nearby. If you stay here, don't expect immaculate rooms, very simple.I'd stay here again; not a bad place to hang your hat after running around all day.	
May 19 2006 	Wrong hotel!	Waited in a queue for 15minutes for the single person in reception to book me in. Only one person at 5:30pm on a weekday???? Got to the front of the queue that I'd got the wrong hotel and should have gone to the Thistle Bloomsbury, whereas this one is the Thistle Bloomsbury Park. Why have two hotels with such similar names???Anyway, public areas I saw seemed a bit tired.	
May 17 2006	GOdd Deal	I have just returned from a short visit to London. I led a group of 32 adults and college age people on this short trip. I used the Thistle Hotel at Bloomsbury Park. The building is old but the staff does a wonderful job keeping it clean. The rooms were typical size, small, but were clean and comfortable. The breakfast was more than sufficient. The location is perfect for those willing to walk. It is also in comfortable walking distance from the Piccadilly Line, Russell Square stop making it easily accessible from London’s’ Heathrow airport. I would definitely stay here again alone or with a group.	
Apr 28 2006	Lower End of the Thistle Group	This is an &quot;Assocaite&quot; Thistle, not a full-blown one, and the difference shows. Having said that, it is priced accordingly, so you do get what you paid for.In our case, we paid about 40GBP/night for a small, dark room, with a tiny bathroom. However, it was clean, comfortable, and quiet. The location is excellent (2-3 minute walk from the Russell Square stop on the Picadilly line....about double that to the Holborn station).The day we checked-out they had lost power and it was a mess. However, the staff was helpful, which made a big difference.	
Apr 26 2006 	awful	was booked into this hotel though work and am going to make sure we never use it again.I wasn't too hopeful when, waiting to check in, I was in a queue of 3, the first complaining money had been stolen from her room, the second complaining their bed had been slept in already but still I perservered. Another alarming issue was that the restaurant was going through a renvovation and so no evening meal was available ( funny how they managed to still book in my DBB reservation ) but I was advised that they did have a vending machine ( oh joy oh joy) and that they would be more than happy to allow me to use my evening meal allowance in the bar ( how kind )So off I went for a glass of vinegar ( think it was meant to be wine ) which I returned saying it was oxidized and the bar staff replied so thats not right. The shower was a trickle and the toilet wouldnt flush. The key cards to get in rooms took 5 or 6 swipes to register. There were tea and coffee facilities once I found them in the wardrobe however the cups and tray were dirty.At breakfast we were ushered into a room with cobwebs but hey at least I would get a cup of fresh coffee.......... FROM A VENDING MACHINE. Dont get me wrong I have worked in the industry and know what to expect for my money and the standard of service etc for the star rating and I appreciate the pressures of the industry however this was more than below acceptable at every level DO NOT STAY HERE..... Having stayed in the hotel next door previously ( The Waverly House ) I would recommend everyone walk the extra 4 yards and stay there	
Apr 26 2006 	Horrible	My first impression of the hotel was good. It was in a great location, close to Russel Square tube and in the heart of Central London. This hotel would be great for business people and tourists... However the rooms aren't anything to rave about- infact they are terrible. I had accidently booked a single room, so I asked to change this. The receptionist was incredibly helpful and did this without a problem. However they only had a smoking room availible. I have stayed in smoking rooms before, so I didnt feel this would be a problem- UNTIL I walked in... The room stank! It smelt as if i was staying in a working mans club and that 50 cigar smokers had been in there before me. It was really that bad!I didnt have time to complain or change the room as i was due out for dinner, so i opened all the windows, sprayed some perfume and hoped it would improve on my return. But when i got back it smelt worse, as the perfume and tobacco fumes had murged, so it smelt really gross.I found it hard to sleep, the lights wouldnt work and the shower was horrible... so small and damp.I really felt that this place was run down. I wouldnt want to stay there again!	
Mar 31 2006	absolutely rubbish	I booked two rooms for the25th march 2006 on the 22nd feb and paid at the time of booking.I and others were going to an opera at the bloomsbury theatre at 7pm and had booked a table at a local restaurant at 5 30pm.We arrived at the hotel to be told that in spite of our booking which they aknowledged no rooms were available and that we were to be taxied to the cumberland at marble arch.On arrival at the cumberland the staff had no knowledge of the arrangement and we missed our meal and the opera and finally sorted the mess out at 1.oo am.	
Mar 27 2006	Great Location	Have just stayed at this hotel.Was a bit concerned by other reviews but found our room to be very tasteful, comfortable &amp; clean. Staff very helpful.Good value for London. Will definately stay again.	
Mar 19 2006	Just Fine	We spent 3 nights at this hotel in early March. Our room was basic, but clean. The bathroom was small, and had no ventilation, so after a shower it remained quite steamed up unless you opened the door. Checking out took a little too long - but the people at the front desk were pleasant enough. We also enjoyed the breakfasts provided. For the price (we paid about 90 US/Night) we really could not complain, especially with the location. Would stay here again.	
Mar 11 2006 	Dont Stay Hear! Money Stolen!!!!!	Poor quality hotel. My cash was stolen from my room and the staff were unhelpful with the situation.	
Mar 8 2006	Damp smelly noisy!!	Having stayed at many of the Thistle hotels in London (The Selfridge, Kensington, Horseguards), we were apalled by the state of the decor in our room. OK so it was a budget 'associate' Thistle, but the damp smell in our room took the air out of ourlungs!! The bathroom was disgusting- I wouldn't have put my dog in the shower, the grout was black all over, with patches of rust to break up the monotony!!!Someone had obviously tried to cover up the disgusting grout with more, but had made an even bigger mess! There was a distinct smell of sewage in the tiny bathroom(no bath, just the foul shower!!) There was only 1 opening window in the bedroom, but as we faced onto a busy road it wasn't much of a choice- be deafened &amp; polluted or put up with the stench!!! We had to queue for ages to wait to be seated for breakfast-every morning-on our last morning they ended up seating some of us around desks in a conference room! Many of the breakfast items, juices, constantly ran out,no plates or cutlery, &amp; when the plates did arrive they were wet &amp; freezing!! We asked for an upgrade but was told this wasnt possible,&amp; no apology was given. On our final night the radiator in our room was so boiling hot you could have fried an egg on it &amp; we all sweltered!We asked for someone to come &amp; turn it down but that didn't work!!!As you can probably gather there aren't many positives to write about our stay, other than we had a GREAT time-when we were OUT of the hotel for the day!!	
Jan 27 2006	Adequate-no problems.	I stayed here in the first week of January for £49 a night for a double room and found the hotel to be perfectly adequate for this price. The room was clean and not too small and the bed was comfortable. The decor was quite dated, particularly the bathroom-avocado suite! But again it was very clean and all the fittings worked. We were provided with the usual toiletries and tea and coffee making facilities that you would expect from a Thistle Hotel. My only complaint would be that concierge didnt seem to know much about London, but he tried his best to help us!The hotel is very non-descript but the location is the reason you would revisit as it is a short walk to the British Museum, Oxford St and the theatre region, plus there are loads of restaurants and shops nearby and only a 5 minute walk to Russell Sq tube station.I would stay here again for the price and location but if you are accustomed to luxury or it is a special break I would advise spending a bit more!(If my review hasnt put you off and you do stay here, I thoroughly recommend a visit to the restaurant across the road from the hotel-The Old Amalfi-which served lovely home-cooked Italian food).	
Dec 9 2005 	Perfectly Adequate	After reading some of the reviews here I was a little worried, but the room turned out to be perfectly adequate. The decor and fittings were clean and functional, though not particularly tasteful or posh. The location is very convenient for the Museum, transport, and area restaurants. I did not try breakfast. Of course, I can only vouch for the one room I stayed in, a deluxe room on the top floor. But for its price, this would seem to be a good value for a central London hotel.	
Nov 21 2005 	Good location cheap for London average room	The location is good for the British Museum, and I stayed for £65 per night in a single room with bathroom.As in most London hotels, the room was pretty shabby.Breakfast was good and the staff helpful and polite.	
Aug 1 2005	Not recommended	I stayed here for 8 nights. The bathroom was green with mould. We were upgraded after asking for a cleaner, which was a little better - but not great.The place is dirty, the staff are friendly &amp;helpful- but the place is just dirty. I would recommend a definite upgrade if you are staying here.It is in a great location.	
Jul 9 2005	Don't stay here	I stayed here at end of March. It was dirty. The seats were dirtier than carpets in some trains I have travelled in. The wallpaper was peeling off walls. There was a problem flushing the toilet in the bedroom. The kitchen didn't look clean. On last morning we didn't get our complete breakfast. Receptionist was pleasant. I advise staying somewhere else. Only positive aspect was that it is central.	
Jun 19 2005	London Headquarters	I was apprehensive about this hotel after reading several on-line reviews but the bottom line if you accept a few flaws in this older hotel, you’ll find it fine. If you are picky, you are likely to have issues with it.This hotel is a great location near Russell Square. It is in between the Russell Square and Holborn tube stops on Southhampton Way which is a busy city street with about any service or shopping you should need including a Chinese Herbalist that offers massages for a good price (never did make it in), a Starbucks next door, and a travel store just a few doors down.We got to the hotel about 1:00p and were able to check in at that time without problem. She said we had a twin room, meaning two beds, but quickly changed it when I said we wanted a room with a double bed. Check in was fast, professional, and courteous.The room was small and a bit awkwardly arranged but overall was clean and acceptable. They had an electric kettle with tea, coffee, and cookies available in the room. There was also a writing desk, a TV with limited stations. The only tricky part here was the bathroom. It did show the age of the hotel but overall was okay. The worse thing I can say was the shower area could have used some Tilex if not some retiling. The shower had GREAT water pressure. One review I had read commented on the toilet not flushing. I once experienced this, but when I said something to hubby he tried again and it worked fine. I believe in general, toilets in London need time to refill the tank for flushing. The one lift was out of service one night when we came back, but that was the only time in 4 days. I utilized their laundry service for a pair of pants. They were back a bit later then they said, but the pants that I was afraid were stained and ruined for life looked great. We did not partake in their breakfast buffet that they indicated would be a ?10,95 since it was not included in our Priceline rate. We found pretty much the same buffet breakfast next door at Dean’s Brassiere for ?5,95. For reference, we were charged ?17,00 for the same buffet at our post cruise hotel (YIKES!) We also had breakfast from Starbucks and McDonald’s (near Holborn Station) while there.There is an alley behind the hotel that we kept hearing much laughter from each night until about 11:00p. Our final night we finally explored and discovered a couple of pubs plus a restaurant. All our gallivanting around London to find new food and it was literally in our own backyard. We ate at Cagney’s there and enjoyed the food at a decent rate by London standards. We probably would have tried the other establishments if had realized sooner they were there.We checked out at 8:00a and they gladly stored our bags, giving us a claim check, until we were ready to head for the airport at about 1:00p. Overall I would stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 18 2005	ok but not great	Stayed in the Bloomsbury Park for 3 nights. Original booking was for a triple. Upon arrival the room was so cramped and the bathroom very small. I requested another room and left that one to my travelling companions. Ended up paying double the amount that we planned. Room was clean and tidy but there was no iron. And to my surprise no air conditioning. Ok so maybe it wasn't that hot, but when you are from a rural setting it is difficult to sleep with open windows with all of the city noises. Room was overlooking a small street where deliveries were happening at 5AM. Breakfast buffet was good but they were not good at replenishing items when they ran out. Quite slow!	
Jun 16 2005	Perfect	The hotel was perfect for what we were looking for. Great links to the bus/tube service. Theres a couple of shops in Russell Square and at night you can have a lovely walk up to the theatre district. The tube has direct links to all the big shopping streets etc..The hotel's breakfast was lovely and healthy. Rooms were very clean and very comfertable. The staff were very friendly and sorted out any problems we had very quickly (only one problem with billing). I would say the only problem with the hotel is that the majority of the staff are not British and can be quite hard to understand (think there french) but it wasn't impossible.	
Jun 12 2005	Fine!	This hotel was just fine! We stayed there at the end of May 2005. We were worried about staying here but they were wonderful to us. The beds were VERY comfortable (even though we ended up with 2 twins). The bathroom was a bit outdated, but adequate. The lift broke when we were there, but it was only a few stories so walking was no big deal. The staff were kind and helpful, and ordered us a taxi very early in the morning. The location was a tiny bit far out for tourists, but there is a tube stop not too far on the central line (Holborn). Beware when you take a taxi to this hotel...there is another Bloomsbury thistle just around the corner. Make sure you give them an address!	
Jun 6 2005	Adequate	We spent four nights at the Bloomsbury Park in early June 2005 and overall found it to be an adequate hotel. The location is the strongest point and the staff we encountered were friendly and efficient. When we had to call the front desk with a request (the maid had forgotten to leave milk with the coffee/tea making supplies), an employee was at our room within five minutes. The daily newspaper was also appreciated.As others have mentioned, the hotel is in need of renovation and there are notices indicating that work is underway. The rooms we had did not appear to have been renovated, but they were acceptable. The only mechanical problem we had was that the toilet was difficult to flush. We were on the fourth floor and had plenty of water pressure in the shower. There were a few stains/marks here and there on the carpet and walls, but no more than would be expected.For the price we paid through Priceline ($95/night) we were satisfied with this hotel, although we may not have been if we had paid more.	
May 30 2005 	Much better than expected	I spent a week here and, contrary to some of the reviewers, found it more than acceptable. I had an Executive Room which was certainly not large but big enough, with very decent closet space, a bed with an excellent mattress, and a small desk. The bathroom was very clean and came with large fluffy towels and adequate if not fabulous amenities. I also thought the buffet breakfast was quite good and extremely generous, and that the staff was exceedingly nice and helpful. All in all, I was very pleasantly surprised and would recommend it if you are not seeking luxury and would like to save your vacation money for the pleasures of the city.	
May 4 2005	Avoid !		
Apr 29 2005	Easter in Boombury		
Feb 2 2005	Room in Bloomsbury		
Nov 6 2004	Loved it there!		
May 4 2004	STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Nov 26 2003	Disappointing		
Nov 21 2003	Poor service		
Nov 12 2003	Nice		
Nov 10 2003	What a disgrace		
Apr 21 2003	Go to a 4-star if you can		
Apr 21 2003	????…??????????		
Nov 11 2009 	idéalement placé et trés calme		
Nov 9 2009 	excelente hotel relacion calidad precio		
Jul 10 2009 	Plus jamais cet hôtel		
May 2 2009 	semplice e carino		
Feb 9 2009 	posizione comodamente strategica		
Aug 21 2008 	Schreckliches Hotel		
Feb 27 2008	Posizione fantastica		
Aug 16 2006	Chambre non testée mais très bon esprit		
