Nov 9 2009 	Very good hotel in excellent location	Hotel is situated on a quiet leafy street set back from actual roadway, very handy to Paddington Tube and surrounded by a variety of restaurants representing all cultures. We had some excellent meals, reasonably priced. The Sussex Arms pub in London Street must get a special mention as a warm friendly local pub with fabulous traditional British meals, highly recommended. (beer &amp; wine -all good).Hotel rooms are squishy (small), but only being there for sleeping doesn't make it an issue. Breakfast is standard continental with some welcome additions, fruit and musli.Reception and staff all very helpful, especially with directions and transport advice.Notably the No.15 bus runs along Praed Road nearby which covers all the London Tourist location on one bus route (except Abbey Road). Buy an Oyster card and enjoy London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Lovely	We loved our stay with Maria so helpful.Our room was clean a little small with the baby cot but great size for 2.Breakfast was yummy not a bad word to be said about this property great location close to paddington station	
Oct 23 2009 	Friendly warm and inviting family owned hotel.	Chris and Maria and their staff are to be commended for their friendly and caring nature to travellers unfamiliar with London and also for their warmth in making the Rhodes a home away from home. My room was clean, bed comfortable and I felt very relaxed in this small boutique hotel and would recommend it to everyone for value.	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent service and value	I stayed in Rhodes Hotel for 3 nights in October.It is very central for Paddington and Heathrow Express, and is within minutes away from the underground network.The staff is very helpful and serviceminded, the single room is small but clean and they offer a first class breakfast.Very good value for money, and I will stay there again for future visits.	
Oct 20 2009 	Friendly Location	This is a friendly place to stay. Chris is a considerate host and Maria handles the administration in a most efficient manner. Breakfast is excellent. Our room was equipped with a very modern shower/bath and the maid service was great. A definate must for a return trip.Michael and Mariela Merry &amp; FaMily	
Oct 19 2009 	Good London Value with Excellent Service	My wife and I stayed in a double room on the first floor at the Rhodes Hotel for five nights in early July and were very pleased with the accomodations. London hotels are generally quite expensive, but Rhodes Hotel offers good value for the money. Rooms are small, with tiny bathrooms, but ours was very clean with an excellent shower. Temperatures were above 80 degrees during our stay, so the air conditioning was most welcome (and a real find at this price). There's no elevator, so be prepared to carry you luggage to the room. There is also a computer available to guests, and we generally didn't have trouble getting access (usually in the morning or late evening). The tube (Central line) and Paddington station are less than a 10 minute walk and offer convenient access to most major tourist sites.What really stands out here is the service. Chris and Maria create a very homey, comfortable atmosphere and made an exceptional effort to make our stay memorable. For example, it was only with considerable persistence that I convinced Maria to allow me to carry my own suitcase upstairs. They were always happy to provide directions or advice regarding our itinerary, and we enjoyed sharing stories with Chris over breakfast.Breakfast was always crowded, but we were always seated quickly. The food isn't fancy, but it's tasty and filling. On a couple of occasions during our sightseeing, breakfast sustained us well into the afternoon with only a small snack.	
Oct 6 2009 	A good hotel with some downsides.	My wife and I stayed twice in 2009 (August and then September at the beginning and end of a 7-week vacation). The hotel is convenient, the rooms are quite small but clean, well maintained, and comfortable. The shower is as modern and relaxing as you can ask for. The staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast (which for us sets the tone of the day) is a downside, because the breakfast room is simply too small when the hotel is even close to full. It's hard to move without brushing into someone and staff are constantly apologizing for delay -- not a particularly good start. Also, the rooms facing the street are a bit noisy. We can't complain about this and the rooms are OK if you just recognize that you're going to sleep through the noise of the city. It's London, after all, not a B&amp;B in the Alps.With these minor issues, this is still better than other hotels in the area we have stayed at. The owners are doing the best that can be expected given the limited space and the less-than-perfect layout of the building. And if you are willing to deal with the minor downsides, this is something of a bargain, given the location. From our perspective, we just suggest you consider whether a calm, elegant breakfast and a quiet, elegant room are worth, say, an extra 50-70 pounds a night?	
Oct 6 2009 	Good Bed and breakfast	It was my second stay in this hotel, after a 2007 trip. The hotel is still good for its price, especially if you have Euro as currency is cheaper now. There are some cons: proximity to Paddington and Hyde Park, close and convenient connection to main attractions by bus and underground. Sussex Garden has not many restaurants, but on the way to Paddington you'll find a variety of restaurants, including italian, indian and some pubs with nice atmosphere. Edgware road, which is not as close as it seems, has a perfect supply for libanese and middle east cuisine.Rooms are small comparing to other hotels in Europe. But they are OK in the local standards. Bathrooms are private although small. Good service, good breakfast.	
Oct 2 2009 	Friendly and accomodating	We stayed 3 nights at the Rhodes Hotel after a med cruise. I could not have asked for a more accomodating place to stay. We arrived late on a Saturday night and I sent an email asking for tonic and ice. When we arrived Lucas greeted us warmly and provided the tonic and ice. I forgot to pack my gin and Chris even provided enough for a few drinks.Our room was not large but worked well for us. It had a small but utilitarian bathroom. It also had a terrace where we were able to relax. Unbelievably we had 3 days in London without a drop of rain and lots of sunshine.Chris is a tremendous host. He always had a few words with us when we arrived or departed. He provided us transportation to the Heathrow Express on the morning we departed. This hotel seemed very friendly and we enjoyed it. They serve a continental breakfast in the morning and do provide a full english breakfast for 3 pounds. Free wired or wireless internet is provided.There are many pubs, restaurants and stores close by. It is also near the HOHO bus stop at Paddington.	
Sep 13 2009 	Nice clean in a great location	It is run by a profecional couple that know how to give personal service. He even came to pick me up from where I was.It is nice, but a little small, in a very good locationI'll will be back!	
Sep 8 2009 	Tiny and dusty	The location is excellent, near Hyde Park, Subway and buses. We stayed at a nearby building than that showed in the photos on the top floor, no elevator. The room we had for two persons was tiny and worst of all dusty. As if they never washed the covers of the bed or the carpet was never cleaned. My friend has a dust allergy and she could barely touch anything. Maybe the other rooms are better...	
Aug 31 2009 	Very good value	After dozen of stays in London, I finally found a good deal! Room was quite small, but nice (very well refurbished bathroom) and quite. Good location, close to tube station, pubs and restaurants, fair price, friendly staff, nothing to complain about. I would return without hesitation.	
Aug 25 2009 	Honest 	Easy &amp; friendly booking and reception.Room as described on the internet site (Nice 4 bed family room under the roof with perfect bathroom).Breakfast included: Continuous supply of toasts &amp; marmelade until you give up !!!Quiet street at night.Close from buses, tube &amp; Paddington Station.Many affordable restaurants close by.Only (slightly) negative point:Breakfast room slightly undersized &amp; claustrophobic.Definitely recommended	
Aug 23 2009 	We would never visit London without staying at the Rhodes.	We just returned from a two week visit to London. We always stay at the Rhodes Hotel where we feel instantly at home, thanks to Maria and Chris, two delightful, helpful, and thoughtful owners. I cannot say enough about their generous hospitality and spirit. They and their staff members do everything possible to make their guests comfortable. Our room was spacious, clean, and air conditioned.Breakfast is plentiful with Chris and staff member, Regina, offering to cook any type of breakfast for the guests. We never left the room hungry. It was also nice to talk to other people from different parts of the world. Maria also offered us tea and scones on more than a couple of days. She introduced us to clotted cream and super strawberry jam. When would you get such thoughtfulness elsewhere? Lucas, another staff member, was so polite and friendly. He even helped us with our luggage to Paddington station. We look forward to many return trips at the Rhodes.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Hotel!	Very nice hotel with a friendly staff, great breakfast and the location is very good, with Paddington station near and many bus stops around. A very nice hotel to stay in London, if I come back to Londo I have no doubt that choose Rhodes Hotel again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Well located friendly hosts clean room with all the comforts of home.	We landed at Heathrow Airport Terminal 4 bought our Heathrow Express tickets (16.50GBP pp) from a machine (better have some UK pounds handy) and caught the free train to transfer to terminal 1 where we simply changed platform and travelled on the Heathrow Express (almost empty) which was non stop to Paddington Station. There is a cheaper option of around 7GBP pp if you are prepared to stop at all stations on the normal train, not sure if it is crowded though.From Paddington Station it is a 3-5 minute walk to Rhodes Hotel where we found a friendly welcome from Maria who also gave us a map which she drew tube and bus lines all over, as it turned out this was one of our most valuable pieces of info on London plus it gave us discounts at many of Londons attractions.Our room as expected was quite compact but so well laid out that we didn't mind a bit. There was a georgeous patio out the front which despite the cool May evenings we relaxed on each night after an exhausting days sightseeing. The room was airconditioned but we never needed to turn it on. The bed was very comfortable with squishy pillows. The room was spotlessly clean with a small fridge and a plasma TV. The bathroom was a delight, very modern with a spa bath and shower over. There was a small well lit desk with a plug in internet connection and there were powerpoints galore. We paid 100 GBP p/n for bed and breakfast, (which was continental, there was an option to have a cooked breakfast for 3GBP extra). The breakfast room in the basement had a lovely decor and there was no shortage of toast or good food including ham, cheese, cereal, yoghurt and fresh fruit. One morning I asked if I could take a banana with me to eat later and Chris went and got a bag of 3 for me. The local area felt very safe at all times of the day, within a few minutes walk we had a choice of either Paddington or Lancaster Gate tube stations running on two different lines which was very handy. We bought a three day ticket for use at all times thinking that we would get out and about early, we found out that nothing much in London opens before 10am so buy an offpeak ticket, save money and enjoy a leisurely start to your day! There was a plethora of places to eat locally at around 8 - 10 GBP for a main. In the Paddington Station there is a large shopping area with a Sainsburys selling groceries and alchohol (to put in your little fridge :) The family who run this place are delightful hosts and made our stay very enjoyable.	
Aug 7 2009 	tiny like a prison	Tiny 1 person room, no place to put a suitcase. Almost no light came in, and this was summer.It felt like prison. All required amenities…. Tiny TV, tiny kettle, mirror, all vying for the same few square inches.Amazingly tiny bathroom, I had thought I had seen TINY in some Japanese hotels, this was much tinier without the efficient layout. Top of the towel rack was dirty – not visible to someone short, eliminating any place to try to hang clothes to dry..Visited 3 person room, more space but not enough for 3 people’s small suitcases. Little storage space.Cramped. Clean enough. Free wifi.Breakfast tolerable if you can find a place to sit. Bagels were a joke, yoghurt was good.Nice location. Paddington is almost around the corner.No frills is an understated description.Would not go back.	
Aug 3 2009 	Disappointing and dodgy	We had booked a quad room in the annex building, which turned out to be a very small room with four beds crammed into it. The owner herself said it was a triple room with an extra bed in it, leaving little room for four people's worth of luggage. The lack of space and storage room led to very cramped accommodation. The bathroom barely afforded standing room, and the door didn't lock. The room had a tv with basic channels, a considerably old kettle, cups of questionable cleanliness, and tea and coffee. The cleaning staff are lovely, though clearly overworked and underpaid. The owners didn't appear to treat them with much respect while we were around, adding a sour note to the stay. Breakfast was fine, although in a dimly lit basement-style room where the staff are run off their feet. There was plenty of toast, spreads, cereal, fruit, cheese and ham to satisfy. The location is the selling point for this hotel. Barely a 5 minute walk to Paddington station, you can easily catch a train anywhere in London. Plenty of buses frequent the street, and the train station has a grocery store too. Also walking distance to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.All in all, the stay was tolerable, mostly because we didn't spend much time in our room, but I would definitely not return, especially after seeing the owners' behaviour towards staff.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Value!	I selected this hotel after a great deal of research which was time well spent. The Rhodes Hotel is an excellent value for London. My wife and I stayed two weeks there and would gladly return. We stayed in room 220 which has a small patio. We used the patio every day. Our room was quiet and we slept well (and we are both very light sleepers.) The room was small but comfortable and we had more than enough storage space. The bathroom was also small but modern and clean. The room met all our needs and we had no complaints. The included breakfast was very generous and the morning staff was very friendly and hard working. The hotel is located about 1-1/2 blocks from Paddington in a relatively quiet neighborhood. Get yourself an Oyster Card and most of your transportation needs will be met. Hyde Park is also just a short walk from the hotel. We found the location to be perfect for our needs. Ask about the Monkey Puzzle pub. It’s about 3 blocks from the hotel and is a fun place to eat. All in all a great value and I highly recommend the Rhodes Hotel.	
Jul 27 2009	There are far better places to stay than here	I booked a triple room for myself, my sister and our niece.On arrival the lady on reception showed surprise that we were British - maybe my look of shock that I was asked for my passport as ID after saying hello and passing over a piece of paper with my reservation details on it, had something to do with the 'Oh are you British&quot; she said to me. The triple room was a double bed and a single, luckily it wasn't a problem for us, but it could have been as we were expecting 3 beds for what we were paying! On the plus side, the room was clean, although without much storeage space.As for the bathroom, again it was clean, and there was enough towels, but.....the room was the width of the shower tray (shower head at one height - very high!), with about 2ft between that and the toilet. In that space was a small sink - trendy oval shape (abouth 10 x 8 inches) just off of the wall, with a 2 inch wide mirrored cabinet about 12 inches above that - certainly made cleaning your teeth interestingly difficult, and to top it all the toilet roll was under a metal cover under the sink....use the sink toilet roll keeps dry if you don't splash too much! No room for changing, so you can't be shy when getting dressed. Certainly not a helpful bathroom if you are a larger person.Oh and every day they go in a straighten your beds, tidy up towels - so using the same towel through out your stay isn't an option, you don't get clean ones every day either - one of the small ones disappeared after the 1st morning, and they keep turning the air conditioning on even if you leave it off.Then we move on to the breakfast...for some reason we didn't get treated the same as the other guests visiting from abroad, I know it sounds petty, but it was a continental breakfast, there was 3 of us, the 1st day we had 3 half bagels and toast. The 2nd 2 half bagel and a crumpet (we noticed others got enough if not more of each for the number in their group) and toast, service was also different because the owner we assume he was was in. The 3rd morning 2 half bagels, 2 crumpets and toast - 1 slice of which was mouldy on the edges. The one thing that made us so pleased that we was leaving that morning was seeing one of the staff take the scoops out of the 3 cereal tubs, tap them on the sides of the tubs and put them straight into a draw without washing them.Oh and the room was on the lower floor between the stairs and the room where we had breakfast, it was noisy.On leaving we wasn't given any impression that we would be welcome there again.If you're not British, I'm sure you'll find it better than we did, if you are British give the place a very very wide berth!!!This place was chosen because of it's location, our niece love's the parks and gardens of London, also we wanted to visit London Zoo (Well worth a visit by the way - we ran out of time and only saw 2/3rds of it because we had to be elsewhere), so somewhere near Hyde Park and Regents Park was perfect.	
Jul 26 2009 	friendly good value and location	I had the tiny room at the top. Save energy for the 6 flight climb at the end of your day! It's small but enough for a single traveler. Everyone was friendly and helpfull with everything. You can't go wrong staying here and aksing for help with your tourism.	
Jul 23 2009 	Our Home in London	We read lots of reviews about the Rhodes and seeing as most were highly favourable, we decided to book our 11 night stay there. I can confirm all the positive reviews found on TripAdvisor about the hotel itself and most of all about the owners Mr Chris and Mrs Maria Crais. They were wonderful. Ms Maria even went through the trouble of doing some research for me regarding some doubts that I had about a particular train trip that we wanted to take. Since this was our very first visit to the UK and to London, I was unsure about some important particulars and consulted with Mrs Crais via e-mail from Malta weeks before we even stepped on their doorway. As I said before, she was very helpful and I settled out my requirements based on her advice - everything worked to perfection.The room that we were provided with was a 3 person room in the basement next to the breakfast room and kitchen. I must mention that this had absolutely no ill effect on our stay. The room was a small one, as everyone who reviews this hotel seems not to fail to mention. However this seems typical for London and the room was well adequate for my wife, myself and my 11 year old son. We were provided with fresh clean linen and towels on a daily basis and the room together with the bathroom was kept spotlessly clean everyday. I must thank the chamber maid(s) for this and also the staff in the kitchen who gave us a pristine breakfast every morning. We opted for a full English breakfast on a few occasions and this was delightful - with Mr Chris serving us himself on a number of times.Another favourable aspect is the location, so close to Paddington train/tube station and to Lancaster Gate tube station, not to mention the proximity to Hyde Parke and a mere 20 minute walk will take you to Oxford Street (for those keen on shopping) and the wareabouts. we found Sussex Gardens to be a tranquil area and felt no problems returning late at night on a number of days.All in all, as the title that I chose for this review implies, we have come to consider the Rhodes Hotel as our home in London and we're sure to return there next time we visit London. Thanks again Mr &amp; Mrs Crais for making our stay so comfortable at your hotel.Till we meet again.......	
Jul 16 2009 	Made us feel welcome	We had four days in London and stayed in the annex of this Hotel. The annex rooms are being upgraded so they should be good once carpet, and new room doors etc are installed. The actual rooms are very adequate with new bathrooms (which is a big plus for London) - beds are comfortable, we were in a heatwave but Chris gave us a fan which was very helpful. You would have to be fairly fit to tackle the stairs in the annex especially if you are on the 4th or 5th level.The breakfasts are very good - with Chris the owner working the room to make sure everything is ok.Overall good location for public transport, quiet area at night (for sleeping), comfortable beds, good shower,fair tarriff.Chris and Maria run a very good B &amp; B.	
Jul 4 2009 	A Gem	This hotel is near tube Lancaster Gate as well as Paddington. It is more B&amp;Bs and has that colonial structure. Location wise it is near Kensington Garden/ Hyde Park so its a great place for a morning run.This place is small (I was given an attic room and since I am alone, it is understandable) but comfortable. Plus its rather cheap too by London's standard. Plus, its 3 station away from Oxford Street, a shopping paradise.All in all, its a good hotel in a great location - well maintained and if you are not fussy regarding the service then this hotel should serve you well.	
Jul 3 2009 	Fantastic little hotel	I booked this hotel after reading favourable reviews on this very site and not wanting to pay typically inflated prices for a stay in the capital. The purpose of the trip was a two-night stay with my other half and the hotel certainly played its part in making this a very memorable trip indeed.Upon arrival, I was greeted very warmly by the female owner who promptly sorted out our stay - we would be in a regular double room for the first night (room 228) before moving into a deluxe double (room 227) for the second night. Checking-in was painless and, within ten minutes of arriving, we were in the bedroom.The first night's room (228) was small and had a very small bathroom but it was all well-presented and very clean - the bathroom looked brand new and everything functioned wonderfully. As arranged previously, we were greeted with a complimentary bottle of Champagne and chocolates, a very pleasant touch after travelling down to London on a stifling day.The breakfast room is tired-looking but breakfast was fine. We never strayed beyond cereal and toast (the option for a Full English is £3.00) but the owner walked across to us and greeted us with fresh melon halves which was a lovely touch. &quot;Not only a beautiful partner but fresh fruit, you're a lucky man&quot; was the accompanying statement. Breakfast on the second morning came with similar trimmings.On the second night, we moved to the deluxe double (room 227) and we were astonished. The pictures show the spacious bedroom, huge TV and leather couch - the room was not at all cramped. The bathroom was luscious with a jacuzzi bath and overhead shower. Again, the bathroom really impressed.The location is fantastic. We arrived into Paddington Station and it was only a 5 minute walk, laden with bags, to the front door of the hotel on Sussex Gardens. Besides arriving and departing, Lancaster Gate was our local station of choice for the Underground - within two minutes we were at the station, a very easy walk, and putting you on the Central line gives you easy access to key parts of the City.The ease with which the City could be accessed was proved by our first night on which we attended a concert at The o2. Right across the city we went with one change but the entire journey took under 30 minutes. Had the Underground been a slightly more comfortable temperature (35 degrees!) I dare say the journey would have been enjoyable!The hotel sits right on the north side of Hyde Park, taking only three minutes to get to the entrance of the park at Lancaster Gate. Besides that, access to Edgeware Road for a large selection of foreign cuisine is easy, as is the walk to Notting Hill and, through Hyde Park, the Palaces, Knightsbridge and Belgravia were all easily-accessible.The owner gave us invaluable advice as to where to head for food on our 'free' night and he seemed very happy to be of assistance. Both the male and female owner were pleasant and approachable throughout the stay and a real merit for this hotel.Overall, I am very enamoured with the hotel. At the price, I doubt you'll find something nicer, more well-tended to and better-located. Even if the next time I visited London I was feeling more flush, I would still not hesitate booking this hotel. It did everything it could to make the trip truly memorable. A fantastic find and easily recommended to anyone!	
Jul 2 2009 	Location couln't be better	As most writers here, we truly enjoyded our stay at Rhodes Hotel. The location is excellent, just two blocks from Paddington Station and Hyde Park. Our room was small, but we knew that in advance so it wasn't disappointing (we are a family of five, and it is really hard to find a hotelroom for that many). It was really hot in London, so it was nice to have air-conditioning in the room plus fridge for cold drinks. The bathroom was very modern. Breakfast was ok, and when we had to leave really early to fly home, we got some breakfast to our room the night before. This hotel gives value fot the money, and we are already planning our next stay there.	
Jun 27 2009 	Loved it Will go back!!	After reading reviews on tripadvisor, I selected this hotel because of the proximity to Paddington Station and safety of the area as I was traveling with two young children. Maria greeted us and helped us to our family size room. The room was impeccably clean and comfortable. My children had greeted me at the airport with flowers and Maria promptly brought me a vase for them without my request!! The continental breakfast provided was filling and kept us sustained until lunch time. It was a great stay and if I have to go back in August, I will be staying there again!	
Jun 21 2009 	Service with detail and a caring smile	I travelled to England on a four day holiday in January this year. I travelled with my best friend and her sister who live in another country from me so planning the holiday proved to be somewhat a challenge when it came to finding a hotel. However, I did not need to worry, after reading great reviews in trip advisor about Rhodes Hotel, I probably send 10 emails back and forth to Chris and Maria requesting and asking this and that. Each one was answered with care and detail, I even rang Chris from Australia to confirm the ammenities in the room and he was so helpful. I requested a room on the ground floor since the hotel had no lift and this was set up for us no problem. When we arrived, we were treated very well, and I spend the evenings planning our next day with Chris who was a wealth of information . Our room was great, perfect for people who spend the day out and about and wanted a comfortable place to stay in the evenings. It was warm and cleaned every day.To top it off, Chris gave us a lift to the train station on the last morning so we did not have to walk with our luggage. How is that for hospitality and service. I highly recommend Rhodes Hotel to anyone, the location is magnificant, so close to two train stations, we travelled everywhere by tube it was brilliant. Thanks Chris and Maria, I will be back!	
Jun 15 2009 	Good reviews true!	We selected this hotel because of the area (Paddington) and the good reviews from this site. We've stayed at another Paddington hotel in the past and wild horses couldn't make me stay there again.Rhodes is convenient to two different underground stops and, of course, the train station.We were happy with the room's size (decent by London standards) and it's overall cleanliness. The location of the room was ... well, good in a way, but no so good in others. Room 202 in actually downstairs. There is no view from the window except the window of another room down there.The room is close to the free computer and the breakfast room, but that can also be a negative (some folks coming down to breakfast very early and making no effort to speak quietly).The hosts were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was sufficient for our needs.I would absolutely stay here again, but I would try to get a different room.	
Jun 6 2009	nice place to stay	Stayed at the Rhodes hotel in London in June 2007 . Very nice placed . I stayed with my &quot;adult &quot; children 21, 22, and 23 . We had a family room with bunk beds a double bed and a twin bed. Plenty of room for all of us .No complaints except , the five flights of stairs to our room were a lot ; But that is more about my lack of fitness then about the hotel .Breakfast was good , location was good and our hosts were very welcoming and helpful.We plan to stay there again this summer .	
Jun 4 2009 	Great Hotel with very small room	The hotel has a great location near Paddington Station and a wide selection of restaurants nearby. The staff made you feel like a member of the family. The breakfast was included in the price and had a nice selection. A full English Breakfast was available for an additional charge but was not needed. The only problem was the room was very small.	
Jun 1 2009	Wonderful hospitality and impeccable cleanliness	My son and I stayed for some time at the Rhodes hotel in London during our recent holiday to the UK. I did not really know what to expect but we were warmly welcomed and made to feel like family during our stay. Chris is larger than life and Maria is a beautiful person. We felt truly at home during our total of more than two weeks overall at the Rhodes. It is at a very convenient location near both Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations. The beds are very comfortable which is much appreciated after a full day touring around London, and many of the bathrooms are wonderful. Chris and Maria have gone out of their way to ensure that the hotel has good, clean, and comfortable accommodation for visitors to London. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to all my friends and relations wanting to stay a while in London, and I fully intend to return. Thank you Chris and Maria.	
May 31 2009 	Basic B	Amazed at &quot;top 40 hotel in London&quot; rating. This is a very basic B&amp;B type family-owned hotel on a long street of similar lodgings in a fairly nice part of London. The rooms are tiny. The bathroom is even smaller. We reached the room (numbered with post-it stickers!) via a steep narrow staircase. We stayed in the annex which is on Sussex Place, just round the corner from main hotel. It was clean but very basic. Not a place to impress a lover on a romantic trip to London! The Continental breakfast was OK. The best feature apart from price was location close to Sepentine end of Hyde Park. Lovely walk in the morning. Close to Paddington station and Lancaster Gate tube. Advise to choose only if on very tight budget and don't mind having to step out of the bathroom to use a towel.	
May 25 2009	Gotta love the Rhodes Hotel	We arrived from Heathrow on the Heathrow Connect to Paddington Station. Rhodes Hotel only 2 blocks away in a great location. We had room 216 with a balcony. Tiny room, nice size bathroom and wonderful sitting area outside, we loved it. Chris and Maria were so informative and have great maps. They gave us a nice breakfast of cereals, rolls, fruit, yoghurt and coffee every morning...also free internet. We bought the 3 day PAPER travelcard so we could use the 2for1 offer to Tower of London, Kensington Palace and Churchill War Rooms. The offer saved us about 40 pounds, 60 usd. The pass also allowed us to travel by bus or rail or underground. We really liked sitting on the top level of the bus in front checking out everything. The pass for both of us was 36 pounds, well worth every penny. There were so many things to see, 5 days was not enough! We are planning another trip back as soon as possible.	
May 19 2009 	Wonderful hospitality	My sister and my neice and I stayed for three nights. It is a great location. Maria was a great help. She gave recommnedations on how to take the Big Bus Tour and taking a lunch to make the most of the day. She spent time showing us locations and made arrangemnets for us to get easy transportation to Heathrow. Our room was very clean and we had a modern bathroom with a shower that was full of jet sprays.	
May 13 2009 	Wonderful hosts	My husband and I have just come back from a one week stay in London. We selected the Rhodes Hotel based on the wonderful reports that other people had posted on the site. We were not let down at all. Chris and Maria are wonderful hosts. Maria was so knowledgeable about what and where everything was in London, she directed us to the right buses, good areas to eat and was so pleasant and helpful. Chris was so friendly to all the guests, breakfasts were always more fun when he was around, he chatted with all the guests and made sure everybody was well looked after. He also could answer our questions, and we had several interesting discussions about all aspects of living in England. Even though the breakfast included was a continental one, he offered us cooked eggs at no additional cost. The room we had was small but quite adequate as we were there just to sleep. The room had a very nice private terrace leading outside but as we were hardly there during the day we did not use it. Also the weather was a little cool for that. The hotel is more like a bed and breakfast, but we still had a nice big TV, a phone (even an automated wake up call for our last day when we needed to leave very early), a small fridge, and a kettle with tea and coffee provided. The location was excellent. We were five minutes from Paddington station and Lancaster Gate tube station. Lots of restaurants and pubs all around. Paddington is where the Heathrow Express comes to, so anyone flying into Heathrow will find it very easy to get to the hotel from by train The bus stops were also five minutes away. The rooms were spotless and the bathroom had been renovated. Chris continuously does improvements to his hotel. We had free access to the internet next to the breakfast room, which was very handy, and being a small place, there were never any line ups. A great place to stay and it added to the enjoyment of our whole trip.	
May 10 2009 	Great Great Hotel	Couldn't have been better. I forget most of the details since I stayed here a few years ago but I do remember how great this hotel was. It's a perfect location close to some great neighbourhood pubs and the metro!If you are trying to do London on a budget this place is perfect.	
May 6 2009 	Perfect for our week-end getaway	My friend and I stayed in a twin room in the Annex which, despite its size, was extremely comfortable and had a newly remodeled bathroom featuring a shower with massage jets. Both the room and bathroom were spotless (crisp clean sheets and towels changed daily).The Rhodes is extremely well-located for public transport with Paddington station (National rail, Heathrow express, Bakerloo/District/Circle/Hammersmith &amp; City lines) and Lancaster Gate tube station (Central line) only a short walk away. Alternatively, a short ride on the bus will take you to the main shopping and dining areas.The owners Chris and Maria were both very friendly and helpful and made our stay extremely pleasant. Maria let me have a look at the quint room located in the main building as I will definitely book this hotel again for a future trip with my family.	
May 5 2009 	Room impeccably clean even though lobby was unimpressive	Rhodes Hotel, 195 Sussex Gardens, was perfect for my stay. It's located between Paddington Station (5 min walk) and Lancaster Gate (3 min walk) tube station. The included continental breakfast was extensive. For 3 pounds a full English breakfast was available. My small single room may have been the most impeccably clean hotel room I've ever had. Amenities included fridge, coffee/tea making stand, great mango shower and handwashing liquid soaps, hairdryer, and heated towel bar perfect for quick drying clothes. Maria, at reception, was extremely helpful. As an older, female, lone traveler, I felt very safe and comfortable at the Rhodes Hotel. I will definitely book there again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Very friendly and clean	My boyfriend and I went to London for the first time the week after Christmas and New Years. The hotel was wonderful! The owners were so friendly and they helped us plan an itinerary for our week stay. The room was clean and the bathroom was newly remodeled. Breakfast was nice and it helped save a lot of money. The location is perfect! The hotel is 1 block from the Paddington Underground so it made traveling around London so easy. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	We had a fantastic time while staying at this hotel located near Paddington Station. The owner, Chria and Maria, were so helpful, and friendly. They helped us out with any question we had. They get 5 out of 5 stars from me. We will certainly stay there again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful	We stayed three times at the Rhodes Hotel in London and absolutely loved the experience. Chris and Maria make you feel at home within minutes. You could not stay with nicer or more accommodating people. They made us feel as if Rhodes was our second home. Breakfasts were great, rooms were updated and clean, bathrooms were exceptionally large and nice by London standards, location was perfect, and the owners warm and friendly. We will not even consider checking elsewhere for our future London stays. Rhodes is truly a bargain for the money. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	A little gem	Stayed at the Rhodes hotel for just 1 night. but were treated like old friends. The room was basic but had everything we needed and was one of the cleanest we have ever encountered.It may not be luxury but it certainly has that personal touch that is sadly missing at the larger luxury chain hotels.Everyone at the hotel was so friendly and welcoming we will certainly be staying at The Rhodes Hotel when visiting London in the future.	
Apr 10 2009	Wonderful hotel - More like a B	My daughter and I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel for several nights in early April. We chose the hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews. We were very happy with our accommodations - exceptionally clean and comfortable, although on the small side, which we completed expected. Maria is as kind and helpful as everyone says. The convenience of Paddington Station, close proximity to some nice cafes, easy walking distance to beautiful Hyde Park, and our overall satisfaction with the hotel, made this an excellent choice for us. Breakfast was good and we took advantage of it most mornings. I really cannot say a negative thing about this hotel. My daughter and I were looking for a hotel that was clean, friendly and convenient, and the Rhodes Hotel fit that perfectly. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great location and great value.	We stayed in London for 3 nights and were very interested in seeing the sights of the city by using the Tube. We wanted to stay close to Paddington station and could not have been more please. The Rhodes is only a five minute walk, past numerous restaurants and pubs. The hotel is off the street and is very quiet. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room (#220) was quite small but had the ONLY terrace. We would definitely suggest asking for this room as the extra terrace space is a nice option. The breakfast room is nice and the breakfast was good and there is an additional option of eggs and meat. There is also free internet service outside the breakfast room. One suggestion for travelers, check out the night before leaving as the check out process seemed to be cumbersome and busy in the morning. We would stay here again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Perfect for the budget traveler	My husband and I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel last week for four nights. We decided to save a bit of money this trip and chose the Rhodes Hotel for it's price and the good reviews on this website. We asked for a twin room on a lower floor and that is exactly what we got. The room was behind reception and it was a little noisy at times but not a major issue. To be fair, I don't think they use this room very often as everything in the room was quite dusty at first. Not dirty, just dusty. However, after that first day, the room was spotless. We also requested an early check in which we got. That was extremely helpful.The hotel is very typical for this price range. Tiny room, miniscule bathroom, etc. But it also had some very good points such as comfy beds, a fantastic location close to two Tube stations that had 5 different lines running through them, a refrigerator in the room which we loved and a great powerful shower with lots of attachments. Never a lack of hot water, either. We really only met Mrs. Crias and she was lovely and very helpful. There is one computer downstairs that I used to check in for our flight home and you print from it for free and it goes to the reception printer. Very handy. My only real gripe is that you are only given one set of keys for the room. One evening I had them and my husband came back to the room early and he had to ask someone to let him. Not an issue but he hated having to bother them. We did not take part in breakfast while we were there as we usually slept in, but there is an awesome little cafe called &quot;Raffles&quot; around the corner on Praed Street which does a cheap and plentiful breakfast. we go there every time we are in London, the food is that good. If you happen to miss breakfast at the hotel, go there.If we decided to go back to London on a reduced budget, we would not hesitate to stay here again. One more thing...the area of Sussex Gardens seems to get a bad rap for no reason. The street was clean, quiet and felt very safe.	
Mar 26 2009 	Location and Value	I have stayed at Rhodes twice, 2005 and 2008. Both were four-day stays for pleasure. The location cannot be beat for tourists, as the hotel is a 5 min. walk to Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations. These two stations allow one access to the most frequently traveled lines for sightseeing. The owner and staff are very friendly and make your stay an easy one. While small, the rooms are clean, well-appointed and quiet. On my last visit I stayed in their second property, just around the corner from the main hotel. It felt like I had my own townhouse in Mayfair!	
Mar 25 2009 	One of the nicest hotels to stay in London if you want to save money	For people who don't tend to spend much money on accommodations and prefer hotels than hostels, this is the perfect place to stay.The price is one of the lowest among hotels in London;The location is nice - close to main underground stations and Hyde park;The rooms are really small but clean and feels extremely comfortable;The owner is one of the most friendly people I've encountered in London.However, if you are the kind of person who enjoys top quality stays at large hotels, Rhodes Hotel may not be a good choice for you. (it is actually more similar to a warm B&amp;B)	
Mar 4 2009 	... continues to be a very nice hotel	This was our second stay in Rhodes Hotel. I've been here with my wife 11 years ago and we were very satisfied. So we chose to come here again with our teenage daughter. And we found this family run hotel even better than that last time. I think that in this price range you can't expect more. We had a triple room at the first floor.First thing to mention is the warm reception by the owner, his family and staff. They really care and they try to make your stay as comfortable as possible. You ask for the best money change, the best Indian or Chinese restaurant in the surroundings – Chris, the owner, will help you. Questions at the breakfast as if you'd like a hot chocolate (very tasty) or some fried eggs (although the normal price includes only a continental – and somehow &quot;economical&quot; – breakfast) are usual. Chris really listens what his clients are expecting. Some of the positive aspects:- rooms with high ceilings and a nice halogen and &quot;traditional&quot; lighting- quiet rooms, also towards the street, because of double windows- good isolation to the neighboring rooms- a very nice bathroom with a spacey shower of the newest standards- LCD TV- a small fridge- tea / coffee facilities- free computer use with internet access (you don't need to bring your laptop)There's only one thing that is not fully positive: It's the size of the room, at least of the triple room we had. But as much as I heard that's how these rooms in most of the smaller London hotels are. You should be prepared that you can't easily find the space to open 3 suitcases at a time. (But since there were two large wardrobes/cabinets we put our things there and let the suitcases on top of the closet.)The Bayswater/Paddington area is beautiful. From the hotel it's a 3 min walk to the Lancaster Gate or Paddington tube stations. But if you like walking the place is even better. We walked miles and miles through the Hyde Park (Green Park, St. James Park) and thus got close to most of the major attractions (Westminster, Soho, Knightsbridge, Nottinghill etc.).	
Mar 1 2009 	Clean friendly safe and secure	I loved my 6 night stay at Rhodes Hotel. Chris and Maria are extremely welcoming and friendly hosts. The room was very small, but had absolutely everything I needed. Internet connection, fridge and a good hot shower. Clean and cosy. For a woman travelling alone, this place feels secure and safe in the middle of London. Thank you. I will be back.	
Feb 24 2009 	Value for your money	Just came back from London. We were a group of four adults and had two twin rooms. The rooms were almost identical, very small in size, but aren't they all in London in this price category? The other room (mine) was a little bit noisy. It had double glazing allright, so as facing to street we weren't troubled by the street noise, but otherwise we could hear our neighbours talking quite easily. Also our door to the corridor couldn't keep the sound out. Room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Bathroom was small, but big enough and very clean. It had been renewed just recently.We had English breakfast every morning (3 days) which was 3£ extra. That wasn't huge, but good anough to keep the hunger away for several hours.We knew the area before and that was one of the reasons to book the hotel. Two tube lines are very near as well as Heathrow express. It's also fairly short walk to Oxford street - maybe 10 mins. It's a good neighbourhood in any way, so it's quite safe to walk in there. You'll find a few shops and restaurants as well as pubs nearby. I don't know which hotell I will book next time, but for this price I'll definetily take this on my list.	
Feb 20 2009 	excellent location	Centrally located just around the corner from the top of Hyde Park in one direction and Paddington tube Station in the other. We had a family room with a double and 2 singles beds which was adequate for our needs. It was very warm in the room, even with the window open, we even put on the air conditioning for a while to cool it down!!The continental breakfast was enough to eat, cereals,fresh fruit, croissants, and as much toast as you want making, couldn't of eaten anymore. Chris even gave my daughters a kitkat each to have later, thank you it made their day.Maria and Chris were happy to let us store out luggage for the day when we had checked out (late train back) and collect it later which most places would have refused to do - nice touch.We had a fantastic time in London and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great 6 days there...	We juz love it! Stayed with families for 6 nights there, it's a great B&amp;B with excellent location and the friendly service!	
Feb 7 2009 	Could not find a better place	I've traveled quite a bit throughout the world and I have never felt more at home at a hotel than I did at the Rhodes. Mr. Chris and his wife Maria were wonderful. I arrived at the hotel in the mid-morning (around 9:30 am) and he called the housekeeper to make up my room immediately so I could settle in right away! How many times does that happen?!The room had two twin beds (what I requested) and was a very good size room for a place like London. The bathroom was small but very nice --including a heated floor. There was a large closet and the room included a small refrigerator (not always easy to find).The price of the room included breakfast where eggs, toast, cereal, fruit, yogurt and ham and cheese were all available. While I was in the dining room, I saw that Mr. Chris was more than happy to accomodate another guest's special request. If you're looking for gourmet food, you might not be happy but I did not walk away hungry and was very happy with it all.When it was time to go home, I had to leave very early in the morning (5:00 am) and when I said my good-byes to Chris and Maria the evening before, he offered to make up a sandwich for me for my breakfast! He not only gave me a croissant sandwich but also fruit! I was very touched by the hospitality that they offered.The hotel was very clean, comfortable and centrally located. I won't be staying anywhere else whenever I return to London - they have spoiled me! The hotel is only a block from Paddington Station so catching the Heathrow Express is very easy. The neighborhood felt safe and there were plenty of places to eat or to get something for take-away (including 2 places within Paddington). The post office was nearby and there were at least 2 banks nearby.I must say that I'm reluctant to review the Rhodes since doing so will make it more popular but I highly recommend the Rhodes.	
Jan 17 2009 	Not suitable for familiies unless of course you get the only family room.	Dissapointed!!!!!!!! I wish our family was like the many who actually experienced the family room. Yes the rates are good for London if you are a family but I would have preferred to be told that the &quot;real&quot; family room was not available and that what we were being offered had liitle to no room and was not really suitable for a family. After trying the room for a hour or tow and then asking if more was available I was made to feel uncomfortable by the gentleman to the point we made sure we spent as little time as possible at the hotel.  Our Family was Mum and three teenagers housed in a room with a double and bunks. The owner was informed of the childrents ages at booking time. Except for on the double bed there was not a space to even open a suitcase. We would go outside to the corridor open our case and get what we wanted, leave the case outside locked untill we went out or to bed and then bring them in. If there was a fire in the night I could not imagine getting our easily as we would have to fall over each other as well as suitcases. Needless to say you could not even walk between the beds. Add on the fact that the famly room is on the top floor with a small staircase then make sure your family is all capable of going up and down themselves or Mum and Dad will be tired. Put this aside the hotel was very clean. Water in the bathroom hot. The breakfast room on the other hand was very cold. If you intend to spend any time dinning than make sure you wear your coat. Maybe this is so you don't stay long and eat much. The breakfast was very average. Not your typical continental breakfast at all. The service was quick and friendly howerver unfortunately the room was so cold that by the time you spead your honey on your toast it was cold. I guess basically not a great experience. Out of seven weeks of travell through Europe and England this was our biggest dissapointment. Does not compare at all to other hotels. Locations is excellent. Lots of easy access to anywhere in London. Lots of local resturants, corner stores for bits and pieces and a Laundry close by.	
Jan 2 2009	Rhodes is a Great Family Hotel	We just got home after a week in London with six nights at the Rhodes Hotel. For anyone who's familiar with small hotels and B&amp;B arrangements in large cities (we are - after doing a 3-week Rick Steves tour of Europe), this is a delight and an authentic, personal experience. It isn't a Holiday Inn, and if that's what you want, well . . . I'm sorry for you.The location, along Sussex Gardens, is convenient, safe, and charming. I stayed in this area 30 years ago, and it hasn't changed much. The road is filled with small hotels and lots of foreign tourists as well as dozens of small inexpensive restaurants and pubs. It is three blocks from Paddington rail station and two blocks from either the Paddington (Circle) or the Lancaster Gate (Central) tube stops. Also, several bus routes run along Praed Street just 100 meters away from the Underground station at Paddington, including the #15 bus that travels the heart of the city through Piccadilly and Trafalger Square before going on to the Tower of London. Anyplace in the city can be easily accessed from the Rhodes as a base. The coldest holiday season in decades wasn't conducive for strolls in Hyde Park, but that is only five minutes away, as well.We actually made our reservations for the room very late and were almost disappointed. We sent an email to inquire about vacancies and were told there was a triple room for my wife, me and our daughter. By the time we made up our minds the next morning to stay at the Rhodes, someone else had booked &quot;our&quot; room with their online system. After several more emails back and forth, Maria called me in the States and we discussed our options. She offered a quad family room for half our stay and told us she could put us up in two singles (one with a larger bed) for the rest of our stay. As it turned out, that was fine. Our first room was on the fourth floor, and they would have taken our bags up (no lift), but we were used to this type of traveling. My wife thought she'd miss her time at the gym while we were abroad, but this was great exercise. It was a hike to go up five flights to brush our teeth after breakfast, however. That level should definitely be reserved for people not eligible for senior discounts (like me).The rooms, though typically small by some American standards, were adequate and not overly cramped. The plusses were that everything was spotlessly clean, the water was hot and well-pressurized, there was a refrigerator and the niftiest little hot water kettle I've ever seen for tea and coffee PLUS a hair dryer and an ethernet cable for your computer. As others have pointed out, there is a computer station right outside the breakfast room, which was used quite heavily when the hotel was full.If you go in the winter, make sure you wear a sweater or coat to breakfast. The heat doesn't seem to migrate below the ground floor. Breakfast was very satisfying with three cereals (including granola that my wife said was as good as any she's ever had), OJ, coffee, a pot of tea, toast, rolls, yogurt, ham and excellent cheddar slices (including some of the family's Christmas ham on Boxing Day and beyond). Chris, the owner, sits down and talks to everyone at breakfast, while Harry (a young man who seems to be a 24/7 employee and is wonderful to everyone) will cook an English breakfast of eggs, ham, beans, fried mushrooms and sausage (remember - this is more like an American hot dog) for an extra three pounds. Breakfast was a daily social event and a chance to meet some of the other guests, who were from America, France, Spain, Sweden, etc.The family atmosphere was palpable. Chris has run the Rhodes since the late 70's and is always trying to upgrade something. It's a family business with a family flavor. Maria works the desk all day and does all the reservations and financial work. Chris is around at breakfast and at night. They both were anxious to give you tips about how to get around (ABSOLUTELY get an Oyster card for all your bus and tube trips; it's simple and wonderful - and you can get your deposit and unused money back while you're waiting for the plane back at Heathrow). One of the highlights of our trip was coming back to the hotel on New Year's Eve after the theater. We were planning on going back out to a local pub for a drink, but Chris and Harry invited us into the little sitting area for wine and Champagne while we watched a show of Greek music on the tele (as well as a lot of plate-smashing). We stayed through midnight and the fireworks on the London Eye, and didn't break up until almost 2 am. We were also treated to the Kalamata olives that Chris prepares himself with olives and ingredients from Greece.Overall, we did exactly all the theater, museums and other sights that we expected to do. Staying at the Rhodes, however, made us feel as if we were visiting family instead of just staying at a hotel. And, did I mention that Maria gave us the two separate rooms for the price of a triple? It was a bargain and then some.	
Jan 1 2009 	Better than average	London is expensive for tourist class hotels, so in that context this is good value for money, because there are probably few alternatives to match this. On arrival the very extrovert owner offered us to upgrade to a superior room for half the upgrade cost, which we accepted. The hotel is weirdly furnished, both in the public areas and in the rooms. Sometimes fun, sometimes a bit too random. The blue floor spotlight in the bathroom was over the top. The bed was very hard, as seems to be the standard in the UK.The facade was being redone, so it is hard to say whether noise is a problem under normal circumstances.There was an online computer for free use by guests in the basement - nice touch. The owner was helpful for restaurant recommendations and candid opinion.We arrived late for the pretty average breakfast, so it could be that it is better for those who get there on time.All in all a decent deal in an expensive market.	
Jan 1 2009 	Friendly welcome and great value at the Rhodes Hotel	We stayed in London at the Rhodes Hotel for 3 nights as the first leg of our visit to the UK from Singapore. I booked through the hotel website after reading the many favourable reviews on Tripadvisor. One of the main reasons for choosing this hotel was the fact that they have family rooms - there are 5 of us in our family and booking 2 rooms at a hotel gets a bit expensive.We had a 5 bed family room on the 3rd (I think) floor. As already mentioned there are no lifts but we did get some help with our bags.The room consisted of one double bed, one single bed and a bunk bed. Ofcourse our 2 youngest enjoyed the bunk beds.The location is great, and we managed to get from Paddington station on foot. Hyde Park is also a short walk away and a walk there was 'refreshing' after just coming over from the tropics.Breakfast was nice - my son and I went for the cooked breakfast on the first day - to keep out the cold during our walk later.We were at the hotel during our sons birthday and unfortunately one of his cards only got to the hotel a few days after we had left, but we were contacted about this by the hotel who then forwarded it to the address I gave them. Really nice of them to do that after we had already left.	
Dec 21 2008 	Just what we were looking for!	The Rhodes Hotel was ideally situated for the purpose of our trip which was to visit one of the European Embassies in Belgrave Square, the journey took us about 30 minutes by public transport.We were very impressed by the friendly reception and our room and breakfast at the Rhodes and hope to return there early in 2009.	
Dec 20 2008	Perfect B	My family and I, and other relatives, stayed at Rhodes Hotel in October 2008 for three days, during our visit in London.The hotel is situated near Paddington Station, about 10 minutes by bus or train from the city, and 5 minutes of walk from Hyde Park. In the nearby there's a lot of restaurants of any kind but it's very quiet.The accommodation was perfect. The rooms was spotlessly clean, very comfortable and well equipped. Breakfast was excellent and there was a really friendly atmosphere.The owner Cris and his wife are wonderful hosts and helped us with every kind of suggestions.I recommend the Rhodes Hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Excellent quality for the price	The Rhodes hotel lives up to the Tripadvisor rating - the 52nd most popular in London and from only £60 a night. I was contemplating spending a lot more to get guaranteed quality/comfort and glad I went here instead. I booked a single and was offered a double for only £10 a night more - so £70 a night for a double room with sitting area, Jacuzzi bath, WiFi and a 32&quot; LCD. Plus continental breakfast thrown in. Fridge is a real bonus. All in, a bargain by my standards. Everything was clean, cosy (nice and warm in the rooms), friendly and the location is pretty handy too. Well done Rhodes - if only more small family hotels could come up to these standards...	
Dec 4 2008 	just what i was looking for	I was looking for an inexpensive and comfortable to spend the night after an all night flight from the USA...something that was walking distance and easy to find from Paddington. I looked at a lot of reviews on Trip Advisor and this hotel got the highest rating for a less expensive hotel. It was just what I was looking for. The people working there were friendly. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was absolutely tiny but that was fine. Breakfast was basic but just fine. I was pleased with my stay here. Nothing fancy, but very nice and a good value.	
Nov 24 2008 	Enjoyed Our Stay	This was our first hotel of a 3 week stay in Europe and we stayed for 4 nights. The location was so convenient, just getting off the Heathrow Express at Paddington and walking a few blocks to the hotel. The room was more than what we expected for this hotel class and the bathroom had been recently remodeled. The owner provided good tips for sightseeing and the surrounding area. The breakfast was good and met our expectations. Overall we were very happy with our stay.	
Nov 14 2008 	Rhodes is excellent value with great access to all of London	Rhodes Hotel is excellent value in London hotels, with ready access to buses, underground, Heathrow, etc., as well as to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. Chris (the owner/proprietor) also has a wealth of information to share on London attractions and such.Rooms are somewhat small but typical for this type of hotel (brownstone walk up). More importantly, they are clean (excellent bathroom in our room) with internet access and a good breakfast every morning.	
Nov 8 2008 	Cosy Hotel	I stayed with my family for three nights at the end of October in a quadroom. The room wasn´t all too small, just perfect to relax in after some heavy shopping at Oxford Street. The beds were comfortable and there was a big LCD TV on the wall. The bathroom was small but newly made and felt a bit luxurious. Breakfast was just ok and the service was very good. The host family was just as nice and friendly as other writers has posted before. Been to other big hotels in London before but they cannot measure up with this one. When ever we get back to London, the Rhodes Hotel will be our natural choise.Magnus, Gothenburg Sweden	
Nov 4 2008 	Warm and Cozy in London	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel for three nights during a cold spell in the beginning of October. Our room, with a balcony and a jacuzzi, was small but very cozy. The room and bath were very clean, pleasantly decorated and even though we faced the street, there was no noise whatsoever. The room also had a small fridge, a small flat-screen TV with basic cable and amenities for making tea/coffee. The balcony was very cute and the geraniums well tended, in warmer weather it would have been well-used by us. Outside our room there was a library nook and more reading material in the lobby. There is free internet access from a computer (heavily used, so we used it to confirm our flight in the middle of the night) near the breakfast room. The hotel is in a wonderful, though mostly residential neighborhood, a hop and a skip from beautiful Hyde Park and less than a 5 minute walk to 2 different underground lines. The proximity to Paddington station is especially useful, as the Heathrow express and connect trains come in through here. One of the most positive traits about this small hotel is the constant presence of the owner, Mr Chrias, and it is obvious that he is deeply interested in keeping his guests happy and gladly offers tips when asked. His other staff members are just as accomodating, though perhaps less knowledgeable. On our last day in London, it started to rain heavily and the umbrella we had already purchased just didn't cut it. When we mentioned that we were planning to take a stroll in the park, we were immediately offered one of the huge umbrellas in the lobby, there for the guests' use - little things like that can put a big smile on your face. Although not terribly cheap, the Rhodes offers excellent value for the money (and come on, this is London) and there is no doubt we'd stay here again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great place to stay in London	My husband and I stayed here for 5 days and would thoroughly recommend this hotel. We had a room on the 2nd floor, which had a queen bed, leather couch and a spa bath. This was in the dearest price category, but well worth the extra money. Although the hike up to our room was tiring after a hard day's sightseeing, we knew before we came that there was no lift and that we would be on the 2nd floor. We had a large flatscreen TV, small fridge and a/c, which we actually used some of the time. The bathroom was small, but not tiny, and very modern and new-looking. The couch gave us room to spread out a bit, and even had a footstool. We overlooked the street, but as there was double-glazing, noise was not an issue.We really appreciated the free internet, having been away from home for 7 weeks, and this is our preferred mode of communication. Breakfast was plentiful, and every morning Chris made me a banana crepe. My husband occasionally had extras, like bacon or eggs, at no extra charge. The location of the hotel is excellent, being close to Paddington station, which is on a number of tube lines. There were also plenty of buses. The hotel booked us a car pickup from Heathrow, which was not much dearer than a shuttle, and certainly quicker and more comfortable. With less luggage, we would even be tempted to use the Heathrow Express, and then walk to the hotel. Chris and Maria, the proprietors, were both very helpful and friendly. All emails I sent prior to booking were answered promptly. This is our 5th visit to London and the hotel is by far the best value of places we have stayed, and will be our hotel of choice on any future visit.	
Oct 23 2008 	Good price for the location	We wanted a tidy place to stay in London that didn't cost a bomb and this fitted the bill. Its location is great - you can easily walk to the West End, Notting Hill, Westbourne Grove and Paddington but there is plenty of public transport nearby too. The owners are really friendly and helpful. We had a basement room which was tiny, with an even smaller en-suite but it was clean and everything worked.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good Value for money and family friendly	Stayed for three nights in ensuite quad on first floor for 2 adults and 12 and 17 year old grandkids. Two single beds and one double. Room and bathroom small but very clean and functional. Owner Chris and son very friendly and helpful. Good location near tube and Paddington Station. Plenty of restaurants in the area and safe location. Good value for the money considering how expensive London accomodations are. I will recommend with no reservations.	
Oct 12 2008 	Lovely Stay!	We booked this little hotel for 5 days and it was excellent!We stayed in a superior double room, with jacuzzi en small terrace. The badroom was magnificent and the room and hotel were very clean.The owners were very friendly, we had a lot of questions, but they always helped us out!	
Oct 10 2008 	Cozy place to stay	My husband and I spent three nights at the Rhodes. Chris the owner was a wonder host. Although the room was small it was very very clean and very comfortable. The location was excellent, within walking distance to main roads, Hyde Park and Paddington station. An excellent value!	
Oct 9 2008 	location location location.	SUMMARY:A1 location. Annex building Rooms are tiny but clean and Good for wkend stay or London stopover.1) Booking process - Flawless. Contacted them directly via email. Only small complaint is that because of a delay in making the payment (my fault) my booking was changed from its main building to its &quot;annex building&quot;2) Location -A1 location in central Paddington. Also approx 5min walk from the station. I stayed in the &quot;annex&quot; building which is located approx 2mins away from main building, but still no dramas. The location of this place is the main highlight !!!3) Room/facilities I stayed in the annex building so cant say what the rooms &amp; facilities are like in the main building. But POSSIBLE issues i could see people having problems with the annex building are:(a) no elevator (b) no air con (c) one bedroom room is tiny (d) bathroom is tiny ie i had to get changed after a shower in the bedroom because i couldnt in the bathroom.I will say that the beds are clean &amp; comfy. There is free wireless internet which is great.I spent $3pound to try out the english breakfast and would say that this isnt worth it.I personally didnt have a problem with the rooms, but i can see how people could.Would definiltey stay here again on my next stopover, but not if my partner was with me.	
Sep 28 2008 	Another happy customer! Great value!	My husband and I recently spent 5 nights at the Rhodes Hotel. We stayed in room 216 - I decided to splurge a little bit and reserve a double room with a balcony. I'm glad that I did since the rooms are fairly small and it was very nice to have that extra space and the view of the tree-lined street was a pleasing sight at the end of a long day. I was also very happy with the renovated bathroom with jacuzzi tub - also nice at the end of a long day of sightseeing. We were also very pleased with how helpful and friendly Mr. Crias was to us - spent significant amount of time giving us advice about buses, restaurants, etc. The included continental breakfast was also very good and sufficient. In addition, the location was very convenient - close to Paddington, Hyde Park, etc.One more thing, if planning a trip to London and staying at the Rhodes Hotel, please see my review for the nearby restaurant - Connoisseurs Indian Tandoori - don't make the same mistake as us by going there. That was before receiving Mr. Crias' restaurant recommendations.	
Sep 19 2008 	Extremely rude service when trying to cancel reservation	We did not stay at this hotel but were treated VERY RUDELY when trying to cancel our reservation over one week prior to our scheduled arrival date. About 10 days before our trip, we decided to cancel the London leg of our travel because of the chunnel fire which affected service on the Eurostar. Because of the tunnel closure and reduced train schedule, Eurostar had emailed us and asked for us to please cancel our trip unless it was deemed &quot;essential&quot; travel. Since we didn't want the hassle of delays and possibly missing other travel connections, we decided to cancel our 3-day London leg.I emailed Chris Crias, the owner, on Thursday morning from my office and had not heard from him by Friday night (the day before we would leave for Paris). Naturally, I wanted to confirm that he had received my email and that our room was successfully cancelled before i headed out for vacation (where I will not be available by email!)I phoned and he (Chris Crias) answered . I told him I had emailed him and wanted to confirm he received my cancellation. He was completely rude and said &quot;so what do you want?&quot; and I said (nicely) that i simply wanted confirmation he received my email cancellation. He did not ask my name but simply said angrily &quot;I am very busy - I do not have time for this&quot;, so I said, &quot;well can you look at your emails and confirm that you HAVE received our notice?&quot;. Then he raised his voice and began to LECTURE me about how busy he was and what do I want from him and all this [-].I simply couldn't believe it! How completely and utterly unprofessional. I have never been treated so rudely by anyone in a very very long time.I would NEVER stay at a hotel where the owner treats people he doesn't even know (and who call with a SIMPLE, relevant question) so terribly rudely. What a JERK!P.S. I STILL do not know if my cancellation was received properly and hope that I am not charged for this room and that I receive back my payment. Otherwise, he will be reported to the police.	
Sep 12 2008 	Small little hotel but good enough...	Hello, My name is Katerina, and I am from Athens Greece. Me, my husband and our daughter aged 7 stayed in Rhodes Hotel for 5 nights. We have just returned.As London is very expensive town, we made a choise not to book something too funcy, but something good enough. After a long search we finally booked in Rhodes hotel and we didn;t regret it. We got a nice fare for a triple room with english breakfast in the price. First of all we wanted a clean hotel. And it certainly is...The hotel itself is housed in an old house with no elevator, (thats a negative). The people run this hotel mr. Christos and his wife Maria are Greeks and very welcome people as the others have mentioned already. I must also say that the gentlemen in the breakfast room (very small) named Haris is very nice and very helpfull. All the staff is.The hotel is certainly in need for a restoration. Its old fashioned.The room also very old fashioned but clean and it has a very nice new bathroom. And as mr. Crias told us all rooms have recently new bathrooms.A small tv, a king size very comfortable bed and pillows, and coffee and tea facilities are big plus in the room.The area is very nice, it has many good restaurants such as ''ask'' around and is close to two tube stations, Lancaster and Padington. A nice five minutes walk from the hotel. The hotel is right next to Hyde park which is very lovely...LONDON is a fabulous town. It has so many things to offer. And if you go with your child together it is probably be a great experience for them. I assure you...Dont forget you are going to spend a lot of pounds here. The London Eye is a must, the acquarium, the Zoo, Little Venice and Gamden Town, Chinatown, The British Museum, The Tower of London, Buckingham Palace, etc, the list is very long. And dont forget the parks and Greenwich..But on top of that we were amazed with Leeds Castle...You, all visiting London you must see it. It is a DREAM. It is almost an hour and a half from London town. It is like time has stopped here.A very romantic and a very unique place with lots of fun for the children. We loved LONDON and certainly RHODES Hotel.Katerina	
Sep 7 2008 	Great place for the money	My wife and I stayed here in July and enjoyed it very much. The air conditioning was helpful a few times during our four night stay. Couldn't find any other hotels in this price range that had air. The owners Chris and Maria Crias are most helpful with tours,the tube,where to eat etc. Very clean rooms,good continental breakfast,close to Paddington station and Hyde Park. Very good choice for seeing the sights and using this as a place to relax. Glad we chose this hotel. Thanks Chris and Maria.	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful Holiday	We definitely enjoyed our recent stay at the Rhodes Hotel! Our air conditioned room included a balcony, a shower and a small refrigerator. Each morning we were treated to a delicious breakfast with eggs cooked according to request. All questions were graciously answered and excellent information was provided about London's transportation system and near by restaurants. If we ever return to London from Kentucky, we will definitely stay again at the Rhodes Hotel. It was easy to access the museums and the parks.Debbie &amp; Tom TinkerLouisville, KY, USA	
Aug 10 2008 	Family Room for 5	Spent 3 nights in their &quot;Quint Room&quot; with our family of 5 (2 adults, 3 teens). One Queen size bed, one twin and one set of bunk beds. Great lay out in room with space to move. Very comfortable. Nice and clean. Great breakfast. Great location--very close to Paddington Station. Friendly owners. Excellent value. Stay here.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel 3 times during our European holiday. First stay was for 8 nights, followed by a 2 night break while on a tour, then stayed 2 more nights before departing for &quot;the continent&quot;. Then we stayed one last night before departing for home.We had the same triple room for the first 2 stays, then another one for the last night (up one more flight of steps from the first room). That would be the major downside to this hotel - no lift. However, they do have a young man who will carry the bags for you, so no problem.Though it wasn't overly warm while we were in London, the AC was very welcome in the rooms. And the mini-fridge was wonderful! Both rooms were small (though almost all of the rooms we stayed in throughout our trip were no larger), but liveable. The bathrooms were also small, but the owners have done their best to make the baths as luxurious as possible. I really wanted to stay in a period property, so I was expecting bathrooms of a lower standard. Boy, was I surprised! In fact, Mr. Chris pointed out where he had carved out extra space in our first room in order to make more room in the shower! The room also contained many touches which just made it that much better - liquid hand soap on the sink, shower/bath gel in the shower, tea and coffee making equipment in the room, a built-in hairdryer, and internet access. While the room was not large, there was ample storage, so we weren't tripping over our 2 large suitcases the whole time we were there. In fact, I unpacked all our clothes and put them away in the cupboard for the 8-day stay!Although our first room fronted on Sussex Gardens (and had a small balcony), it was very quiet with the windows closed. It was noisier with the windows open, as it is a busy street, but not horribly so.The hotel is about 2 blocks from Paddington Station, with many, many eateries, pubs and small shops in between. Plus, there are 2 small grocery stores (M&amp;S and Sainsbury's) in Paddington so you can put stuff in the little fridge.The breakfast, as noted by other posters, was quite filling. And Mr. Chris made sure that my family had something to take with us to eat on the last day, since we were leaving before breakfast!Both Chris and his wife, Maria, were extremely helpful. Anything we needed, they could tell us where to find it and how to get there. I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again if I get the chance!	
Jul 31 2008 	loved it!!	We stayed at the Rhodes on the first leg of our trip. Friends of my son had recommended it, as it had easy access to tube. My husband, daughter and I in a triple room. They put us in room 236.(which by the way is a great room.) There aren't lifts, so do be prepared to climb. If this is a problem, ask for room 217, on the first floor and only two steps down. We came back to the Rhodes after a stay at a horrible hotel in Brighton. It was so refreshing! Mr Crias met me on the street and wouldn't let me bring the bags to the room! He took care of that. It was just like we came home!! Just a wonderful place to stay! Good breakfast and wonderful people!	
Jul 29 2008 	Very Happy with our Stay	We stayed at the Rhodes for our first three nights in London, then after a quick 3 night visit to Paris, stayed at a different B&amp;B upon return. We were happy with our stay at the Rhodes. They arranged for a driver to pick us up at the airport, and were kind enough to let us check in early as we arrived from the airport in the morning. The A/C was nice to have and our shower and bathroom were clean and very nice. The room was small of course, but not as small as our second B&amp;B. The breakfast was good, and Chris and Maria were very nice and happy to give us any information we needed, or give us suggestions. The location was terrific, very close to Paddington station. We felt that the neighbourhood was safe and would recommend this B&amp;B and would also stay there again ourselves. We were travelling with our 20 year old, stayed in a triple room, and all in all were most happy with our accomodation.	
Jul 21 2008 	Warm welcome at Rhodes	After spending ages reading reviews on Tripadvisor and thinking that most of the top rated hotels were too expensive as we needed 2 rooms we chose The Rhodes which, at the time we booked was rated in the 80s, now at are more deserved position of 60. We travelled with our 16 year old nephew hence the 2 rooms and wanted en suite for a reasonable price (he was most impressed with his fancy jet shower and flat screen TV). The ratings given by recent reviewers of the hotel were spot on. The rooms were small and neat and furnished in a homely fashion. The bathrooms all have blue lights (to reveal their cleanliness) in addition to the standard lighting. All were equipped with tea/coffee making facilities, integrated hairdryers in the bathroom and unusually for small hotels a fridge and air conditioning - both excellent additions for any traveller. The rooms were thoroughly cleaned each day and the bed linen was clean and crisp. Continental breakfast is included in the price and was ample for me (choice of cereal, fresh toast, croissants, meat &amp; cheese, yoghurts, fruit, orange juice - as much as you chose to eat of everything) and for an extra £3 you could have a full English breakfast (my husband's choice). Chris, co-owner with his wife Maria, was head chef and so very lovely with all the younger guests making sure they had little extras like hot chocolate to drink (which our nephew loved) and little canned drinks for those who wanted a cold drink. Maria was most helpful and welcoming; on making reservations she advised on distance and cost from the station; on checking in giving us a free map that had 20% discount to various attractions and restaurants (which we made use of) and useful information on travelling around the city and the main attractions; at check out we were allowed to leave our luggage all day which was a huge help as our return train wasn't until 8pm. What a fabulous find this hotel is and I have recommended already to friends. It makes a change from the faceless chains where you are just a room number, here you really feel like a welcome guest.	
Jul 8 2008 	A Very good place to stay	I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel for just one night - having booked it for its proximity to Hyde Park, which was staging the O2 festival that I'd travelled down for.I couldn't have been given a warmer welcome by the owner Chris Crias (i never met Mrs Crias!) , and was very happy to find that I'd been upgraded to a double room, with a small terraced garden.Very nice.The room wasn't huge, but it was clean, had all the facilities required and had a very comfortable bed. For the price and location it was a real bargain.	
Jul 5 2008 	Cosy B	I stayed at this B&amp;B for 3 nights back in June. It was my first trip to London. As I will be travelling alone, it was strictly safety first when it comes to finding the right hotel. I decided on this place after reading good reviews in Tripadvisor. I stayed at the hotel annex, but nevertheless, the room &amp; toilet was very clean. The owner was really helpful and knows me by name. The toilet lightbulb went out after the 1st night, and it was fixed when I returned to the room, much to my delight since I didn't manage to request it.The location is perfect if you want to go around central london, it's just few minutes walk from Paddington station. If you are coming from Heathrow, you can take Heathrow Express (15mins) or the underground. Definitely recommended if you want a convenient, safe, clean and friendly place to stay for your vacation in London. :)	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantastic little hotel	We wanted somewhere clean, tidy, safe and friendly. A place to lay your weary head after a long day sightseeing, we got it and more from the Rhodes Hotel. Situated a stones throw from Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations, access was easy to the square mile. The hotel is a wonderful little place, run by a nice couple, who go the extra to make your stay comfortable. Mr Crias was very helpful, sorted us out for local directions, buses, tubes, advice on where to buy bits and pieces and places to eat. No stuffy, impersonal droids here, just warm welcome from someone who is interested in making your stay a little easier and better.This is no big modern hotel, with massive rooms, if you want that then book the big chains and pay LOTS more. And if your honest, after a day sightseeing, business meeting etc, you just want to sleep!! The room we had was a triple at the top of the hotel (83 stairs no lift!!!) But there was a great guy to carry the bags up! Room was compact and bijous (sp?) new bed, lovely crips sheets, fridge, TV, hairdryer, showergel and moisturiser. And most importantly in the summer heat AIRCON!! Fantastic.Breakfast is served in a charming room where Mr Crias makes everyone feel welcome, had a wonderful cooked breakfast, there was also cereal, ham, cheese, croissants, yoghurts, fruit and mountains of toast, tea, coffee and orange juice. A great filler for a busy day.In all, if you want a lovely little friendly place to stay, that is reasonable for London prices and not breaking the bank, then here you are. Enjoy.	
Jun 23 2008 	I will return	I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel last June for 3 nights, based on reviews I had read on this site. It was my 4th trip to London and each time I stayed in the Sussex Gardens area. The proximity to the tube stations and Hyde Park is excellent. I travelled with a couple of friends of mine. I had a single room en-suite and they had a double room with a jacuzzi and a patio above the entrance to the hotel. My single room was as expected, small.. but the room and bathroom were both very clean. That is all I ask for...a clean place to shower and sleep. I don't travel to spend time in a hotel room. My friends really liked their room and after a few long days sightseeing we all enjoyed a couple of night-caps on their balcony. The breakfast, included in the price, was more than adequate for me. I enjoyed toast and tea, cereal,yogurt and fresh fruit evey morning. There is a full English breakfast available for 3GBP.As mentioned by other reviewers, an added bonus at the Rhodes is the superb service provided by the owners, Cris and Maria. They are very helpful with information and directions. We arrived at 7:30am and Cris arranged to have a room cleaned and available for me within a half hour of our arrival. We left London on the 7:30am Eurostar for Paris and Maria arranged to have a black cab pick us up at 6:00am on a Monday morning to get us to Waterloo station on time. Since we would be missing breakfast that morning, Cris offered to make us sandwiches the night before for our journey.I will be returning to London this September for 9 nights. I have once again booked the Rhodes for my entire stay.	
Jun 23 2008 	Deserves high rating	This hotel fully deserves the glowing reports on TripAdvisor. I can't speak for the other rooms but we had a superior and it was excellent. The jacuzzi bath being the best thing. The bed was comfortable and the air-conditioning was a welcome extra.Breakfast was filling and we were very well lookd after by all the hotel's staff.If I had to criticise, the fridge in the room didn't smell terribly fresh and there could have been more variety at breakfast. (just one choice of cheese and one choice of ham each morning)Overall though, we would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 12 2008 	Will certainly stay there again	Our first ever trip to London and it was a great location. Room was spacious (for UK), very clean and enjoyable. Easy access to Hyde park, two 'Tube' stations (three different lines), Train line West to Bath etc,. Depending on where we walked there was busy london life or quiet neighborhood. Loved it!	
Jun 4 2008 	Lovely Little Hotel	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel at the end of our honeymoon, after I was sick in Paris for a week. The hotel staff greeted me with friendliness and concern, and were incredibly welcoming - they gave us a free map of London and highlighted all the important sites and public transport information.The hotel has a great location next to several tube stops, very close to a number of restaurants, and only a few minutes walk to Hyde Park. It is also very close to Paddington Station where you catch the train to Heathrow - only a couple of minutes walk.Our room (a standard double) was fairly small with a small bathroom, but everything was clean and the bathroom was modern. There was a television and tea and coffee making facilities in the room, as well as free wifi (with a good strong signal!)Breakfast was very basic - toast, croissants, fruit and yoghurt - but you could pay extra for an English breakfast (which we did not do).We spent the day in London after checking out and were allowed to leave our luggage at the hotel all day.We would recommend this hotel for anyone looking for something that is clean, basic, central, and excellent value for money in the middle of London.	
May 23 2008 	Can't Wait to Stay Again	The Rhodes Hotel is a great find! We stayed at the Rhodes for the first week of a two week vacation.The location is great: walking distance to several tube stations (Lancaster Gate and Paddington), a National Rail station (Paddington), bus stops, good restaurants (try Mickey's for great fish and chips), shops, and Hyde Park. If you're not interested in tubes or buses, you'll have no problem catching a taxi out front. They are everywhere!The owner, Mr. Crias, is a very nice, generous, and helpful man. Upon our arrival, he whipped out a map and marked every important location we'd need to know and showed us which bus to take to get to them. He made great recommendations (he's the one who told us about Mickey's) and told what to avoid. He chatted with us every morning at breakfast and greeted us when we came home in the evening. When does this man sleep?! The breakfast selection was limited and did not vary from day to day, but it was still good and was enough for us: croissants, toast, ham, cheese, yogurt, coffee, tea, and a full English for just 3 pounds extra . There is a computer with internet available for guests to use as well as internet in the rooms.We stayed in the room with a jacuzzi and a balcony. The room was small by US standards, but not unusual for England. There was a refrigerator, teak kettle (tea and sugar provided), and a flat screen television in the room. The room had a/c, but the weather was cold when we were there, so we didn't use it. If it got stuffy, we just opened the balcony doors and enjoyed the cool air and city sounds. Our room was up just one flight of stairs, so the lack of a lift did not affect us. I did not venture the the upper floors, but was told that the stairs going up there are narrow and steep, so keep that in mind if climbing stairs is an issue for you, and ask for a room on a lower level.The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the jacuzzi was great after a long day of sightseeing. The jacuzzi didn't work one day and a repairman had to be called. Mr. Crias felt so bad about it that he refunded part of our payment for that day. Completely unnecessary, but so considerate. When my husband left a souvenir in the room when we checked out, Mr. Crias found it and held on to it before we even knew it was missing. When we came back through town on our way home, we stopped by to pick up the forgotten souvenir, and Mr. Crias let us leave our luggage in his lobby so we could enjoy a few more hours in London before we had to head out to our airport hotel (very early flight the next morning!). Wow! We were about to check into a competitor's hotel and he still offered to watch our luggage for us. How great is that?I know this is a long review, but I just can't say enough about the Rhodes Hotel and Mr. Crias. We can not wait to return!	
May 19 2008 	Very good stay @ Rhodes Hotel	A very pleasant stay, very kind personnel and very clean rooms, even if quite small.The proper hotel was full, but they have a &quot;round the corner&quot; building with more rooms to rent.Breakfast is fine, and you don't miss anything. If you want traditional English breakfast, it's about 3 punds more, but it's worth it. Mr.Crias cooks everything with his deliciuos Olive Oil from his farm in Sparta. Internet connection is available and free, and they also allow me to print some documents.Very good location, close to busses and metro, and a step from Hyde Park. Neighboor is fine, and good places to eat are all around. I definetely will go to Rhodes Hotel for my next stay.	
May 10 2008 	Great Location - Big Room	We stayed ath the Rodes 3 night in April. Excellent location - 1 block from Paddington where you can catch trains, tube, taxis. (TAKE THE HEATHROW CONNECT FROM THE AIRPORT!!!! Half the price of the Express, with just a few stops) Our room was quiet due to double-pane windows, VERY clean, comfortable, and big by London standards. The bathroom had also been remodeled with a huge jacuzzi tub - wonderful after a day of London touring. The full breakfast is well worth it, and Maria at the desk is very helpful in answering any questions. We did ALOT of research on B&amp;B's in London - there are many shabby ones in this area, but the Rhodes is not one of them - it deserves high marks for all of the above. For food - didn't find anything to write home about - a meal at an Italian joint around the corner (Rosas) was mediocure , bad, bad service, and two simple pasta dinners cost $70 US dollars. The Paddngton Hilton a block away has a Starbucks, and Cafe Nero ANYWHERE in UK &amp; Ireland is excellent. for a cuppa joe.	
May 10 2008 	Fabulous!	My husband and I are very fusy about our accomodation. All I can say to the owners and staff of Rhodes Hotel is &quot;thank you, thank you for a wonderful week in London&quot;. Great location, very clean comfortable room, great atmosphere, very friendly people. I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else, we'll be back. We were made to feel so very welcome. Roly &amp; Rhonda from Australia.	
May 7 2008 	We Felt Like Family!	In all of our travels we have rarely experienced such warm hospitality as we felt at the Rhodes Hotel during our stay in March, 2008. The proprietors, Maria and Chris Crias, are wonderful, professional, and very friendly hosts! Our reservations had been made directly with the hotel via the internet. All communications were prompt and professional, and there were no unpleasant surprises upon arrival. In fact, we arrived on a red-eye flight earlier than the official check-in time, but were cheerfully welcomed and offered coffee/tea/cocoa and croissants as we waited a short while for our room to be ready. Our family of 4 (kids ages 12 &amp; 15) shared a Deluxe Family Room which was very clean; of sufficient size for the 4 of us; had a beautiful, newly remodeled en suite bathroom; TV; coffee/tea maker; refrigerator; climate control; a window that opened with a nice view out the front of the hotel; and remarkably comfortable beds. The hotel appeared to be full, but it was never noisy. Free internet was available, so our kids were able to stay connected with friends back home, and we could research additional travel information if necessary. Breakfasts were ample and tasty. They included coffee/tea/cocoa, croissants, fresh fruit, orange juice, toast, jam, yogurt, ham, and cheese. Hot, made-to-order eggs were available for a small extra charge. We looked forward to Chris' cheerful service each morning and we sometimes lingered so we could enjoy his company, conversation, and humor. On Easter morning Maria surprised all the guests at breakfast with chocolate Easter eggs and treats -- a thoughtful, personal touch. While never intrusive, Maria was always happy to advise and help with any questions we had about the London sights, transportation, etc. The neighborhood is full of restaurants of all kinds, shops, a laundromat, and is close to Paddington Station, the Lancaster Gate tube stop, and various bus stops. Lovely Hyde Park is within a few blocks. We always felt safe walking around the neighborhood, even at night. Although it's not a fancy hotel, the Rhodes Hotel was a cozy, welcoming place to come &quot;home&quot; to each night after a long day of sightseeing. We would stay here again without hesitation!	
Apr 1 2008 	Great Stay Great People!	First and foremost, London is an expensive city. Coming from the U.S. it is even more true with the current value of the U.S. dollar. So, one must plan to spend 30%+ more for comparable goods and services that one would find in, say, Chicago. Enough said.On to the Rhodes Hotel. The owners, Chris and Maria, are terriffic hosts and one of them is available pretty much all the time. They are delightful people, very accomodating and willing to help with directions, suggestions, etc. Our room was smallish, but that's true of almost every hotel in London, UK and a lot of Europe. Our room (we stayed in a triple), looked like it had been remodeled recently. The room, and the entire hotel, was clean. There is no elevator, so dragging a lot of luggage up two or three flights of stairs might be a problem for some. The Continental breakfast was good and the smallish dining room invites conversation among fellow diners. A traditional English Breakfast is available for an additional price. I had two hungry teenagers with me, so the extra cost (about $6 each U.S..) was well worth it.The price per room, per night, is among the best I found anywhere in London, particularly given the great location. I don't think you'll find many hotels that are a better value. The hotel location is very, very convenient. It is a short walk to Hyde Park and Paddington Station as well as other stops on the a tube line. There are plenty of places to walk, visit, shop and eat. Pubs and restaurants closeby seemed to close down by 11pm or midnight during the week, but, again, the Tube makes access to nightlife hotspots very convenient. If you are 20-something looking for all-night entertainment, this isn't the place to stay, but neither is any other hotel in the area as far as I can tell. Best to go over to the west end or someplace else known for having 24-7 action. The Rhodes Hotel will be the first place I contact the next time I plan a stay in London. Great stay, Great people in a great part of one of the great cities of the world.	
Jan 10 2008 	Wonderful Little B	My sister-in-law, my daughter and I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel 11/21 to the 26th. We read LOTS of reviews for LOTS of hotels in London before we booked. I liked the fact that the reviews said the owners were friendly and the place was clean. We didn't have alot of money to spend, but we wanted it clean. Since the 3 of us had never been to Europe before, the thought of having friendly owners comforted us.We were NOT disappointed with anything in the Rhodes Hotel! In fact, we loved it! The owners were very friendly (especially Mr. Cris at breakfast!!), what are these reviews I read about the hotels in London keeping their thermostats 10 degrees colder than the states???? We were plenty warm in our room. Our shower looked like it was brand new and it was spotlessly cleaned every day of our stay. (We had a triple room - double bed &amp; a twin bed.)The free continental breakfast was wonderful as far as a free breakfast that filled us up and there was always someone nice to talk to. I absolutely would stay there again in a heartbeat.We felt very at home in the neighborhood and it was SO awesome to walk to Paddington station. We found a fun pub that we enjoyed....we found a fish 'n chips place in the neighborhood where we got personal service from the owner and he remembered us after we hadn't been there in 4 days!There are a couple of little markets if you forgot something, or need a banana for your tube ride, or a coke before bed. We absolutely were very happy with our choice in the Rhodes Hotel.A word of advice, it's all in your expectations, people. We wanted a clean, safe, cheaper place where the people treated us kindly. WE GOT THAT IN SPADES! Was the room small compared ot American hotels...yes. Hello, we were never there, it didn't matter! Was there a sumptuous feast for breakfast....no....it's a free continental breakfast...what do you expect?!! Was it easy to find Paddington station....ABSOLUTELY!!! Was there a lift?....no, you have to carry your own suitcase up the stairs, wah. There was a young man who took them all up for us when we arrived. We did have to carry them all down because we left so early....if we'd wanted to be treated like royalty, we would have had to pay for it!! The only thing I would have wished for was a clock in the room. Since we didn't have our cell phones with us, we never knew what time it was during the night. (We did get a wake up call for our early morning flight.) Hey, bring your own travel clock.Thank you Cris &amp; Maria for a wonderful stay.	
Jan 7 2008	Perfectly adequate	If you are looking for a reasonably priced accomodation, that is clean, and well located, with a friendly staff, then pick the Rhodes Hotel. The room was VERY small and everything was very basic, but we left early in the day and didn't get back until late in the evening, so it was all we were really looking for. It was very reasonably priced - way less than any place else we looked at, and the location was perfect for walking to many of the major sites, as well as to 2 tube stops. The staff let us check in early, helped us with our luggage, checked the price the cab charged us to make sure we weren't being over charged, called us a taxi, etc. They do advertise they have wireless network, but it unfortunatelly did not work until the last night we were there - but that wasn't any fault of their's. I would definately reccomend this hotel to someone who knew what they were getting - if you need or want something more than basic, though, you may want to spend a little more.	
Dec 28 2007 	At last a decentaffordable hotel	My husband and I visit London every year around Christmas time. We love London and we enjoy going to various west end perfomances and of course we enjoy going shopping. This year, we also, for the fisrt time, enjoyed our hotel room (spending exactly the same amount of money or even less). We stayed in room 227. It was a spacious room with a big TV and a luxurious leather sofa in front of it and a recently renovated bathroom with a jaccuzi. Most importantly, we had a CLEAN room. Breakfast was more than adequate and Mr. Cris was always kind enough to prepare a little extra for everyone. In addition, the rooms and all other areas were very well heated which is very conforting to those who think it gets a little...chilly in London (like myself). We loved the lighting work in our room:spotlights on the ceiling made us think we were actually watching the sky and a nice soft blue light in the bathroom to relax while in the jacuzzi. Moreover, the hotel was near two tube stations, near several bus stops, 3 minutes from Hyde Park (we loved our morning walks), and only 3 bus stops away from Oxford Street. In all, this year we actually made the right choice: Rhodes hotel. We will definitely go again next year, only this time with our children.	
Dec 23 2007 	Nice Host 	My friend and I stayed in the hotel during 17 – 23 Nov 07 in a 2-Bed room. The host &amp; hostess, Chris and Maria, were very friendly and hospitable and they chatted pleasantly with us. Special thanks to Maria in giving us hints of finding tasty food in London and the bus route to city centre.Our room was small but it is understandable given the price level in London. Apart from some wits required in setting our luggage in the room, there was no big problem for us as we were out most of the time. To us, the hotel was meant for sleep, shower + breakfast. Being situated in Paddington is convenient for our easy access to bus, railway and the underground services.The room was basically neat and tidy and the hotel had it cleaned up daily. There was heating &amp; ventilation facility in the room. The free internet connection inside the room was also useful to us for checking tourist information &amp; online check-in for air flights. We slept well as it was quiet at night, despite our room was on the ground floor. They also allowed us to deposit luggage for half-a-day after our checking-out (23 Nov).One aspect for improvement, if any, is the toilet facilities. It provided only a small bottle of washing soap and shower liquid soap, then nothing else. Luckily we brought our own toiletries. Although the toilet / bathroom was clean, the quality of toilet paper was poor as it only consisted of 1 ply.Breakfast was relatively simple and without change: only toast, oats, orange juice, yoghurt, hams, butter, croissant, coffee, tea, fruits. Extra breakfast in hot dishes would cost extra GBP3 each - so we didn't choose them. The service of the lady in the canteen was good and she served us extra slices of bread when we asked.Despite these, we will still have this hotel as our first consideration the next time we travel to London.	
Dec 16 2007 	Tiny but with wifi and fridge	Yes, I know the rooms are always small in London for these prices but at this hotel even the staircase is tiny :)Very friendly woman in reception (owner?) that showed me how to get to the conference I was attending and recommended supermarkets at Paddington Station instead of closer but more expensive places. What really attracted me to this family hotel was the inclusion of three things important to me:- Breakfast included.- Minibar or refrigerator in room.- Wifi or cable internet included.All three was provided to great satisfaction. An empty fridge is really great since I like to check out local supermarkets while traveling. Marks &amp; Spencer Food at Paddington Station had a lovely selection of ready-made cold pasta dishes for a nightly snack.This truly is an excellent, although tiny, hotel and I doubt you can find better value for money. If only the breakfast would have had one extra selection of ham or cheese or an egg, it would have gotten the highest rating.	
Dec 4 2007 	Clean and convenient but very small	The Rhodes Hotel is a great homebase for busy visitors of London. It is located right between two tube stations: Paddington (Circle/District lines) and Lancaster Gate (Central Line). It's also very clean and the staff were friendly. I am a woman traveling alone and felt very safe there and walking in the area. I also had access to a computer w/ Internet (there is also a connection in every room). However, my single room was extremely tiny - which is to be expected in London for such a low rate (I paid £55/night). My biggest complaint was the lack of a lift. I was on the top floor and am in pretty good shape, but walking up all those stairs was a hassle! Luckily someone helped me with my suitcase coming in, but no men were around the morning I left so I carried it downstairs on my own. Nevertheless, I would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a safe, convenient, and very clean place to stay while sightseeing in beautiful London.	
Dec 4 2007 	3:rd time we stayed at Rhodes	I'm fascinated by the reviewers that say this is a crappy hotel and at the same time tell people to book a more expensive hotel.Naturally you have to understand that Hilton at paddington is a more luxorus hotel. But It's also a lot more expensive.This was our 3:rd stay at Rhodes, and we will stay there even the next time we visit London. We don't see any reason to change.Compared to the price it's a very nice hotel with extremely friendly staff, especially the owner and his wife.This time we got a wonderful family room at the top. Nice bathroom with bubble-bath.TV with DVD, free internet, big fridge in the room.If you want suggestions for good restaurants, just ask Maria or Chris. They pointed us to really good food close to the hotel.The location is perfect, near Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations. Just 5 minutes walk to Hyde park.Whatever you need help with, just ask the Chris or Maria. They are very helpful.	
Nov 29 2007 	We had an excellent stay at the Rhodes	My wife and I stayed six nights at the Rhodes in November of 2007. We had an excellent trip and the Rhodes Hotel was an excellent home-base for us while exploring the city. The only negatives I can report about the Rhodes have already been mentioned by previous posters. The room was pretty small and was not very modern. Also the bathroom, while newly renovated, was also very small. Finally, the stairs were difficult to deal with while hauling luggage or returning from a long day of sightseeing in London. This hotel is NOT for people who have a tough time climbing alot of stairs.All of these negatives, though, are probably common throughout the city and are only absent in hotels that are much more expensive.As for the positives, there are many. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They will go out of their way to make you trip as enjoyable as possible. Also, while the rooms were cramped, they were very clean and were serviced every day while we were out sightseeing. We also really enjoyed the breakfast every morning. The continental breakfast is good and you can certainly fill up on it. We splurged forthe full English breakfast a couple of times and enjoyed that also. The price of the Rhodes is also tough to beat. Finally, the best thing about the Rhodes is definitely the location. I can't imagine a better area of London to stay in. The Rhodes is located in a great little neighborhood just north of Hyde Park. It hasplenty of pubs, places to eat, and shops - all right around the corner. There are also several tube stops very near by. From here, youcan get to any part of London very easily. All in all, the Rhodes was a great experience for us.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great value 	In a city that makes the word expensive seem like a terribleunderstatement, this was a real find. It was 70 pounds per night,with a cont. brkfst. There is no elevator and the room is somewhat small &amp; the private bath is very small but all is veryneat &amp; clean. Maria &amp; Chris are very helpful. This B&amp;B is welllocated, within walking distance of many restaurants, pubs, &amp;the big red sightseeing bus! We were very pleased.	
Nov 20 2007 	Wonderful experiance	If you are looking for a hotel in the London area with easy access to the subway line and in a charming neighborhood this is the place for you! Clean, neat and very friendly owners make you feel comfortable and welcome. They are happy to help you plan your day with very useful tips. The rooms are very clean and of adequate sixe. The hotel offers breakfast and free internet access. On top of all that it is one of the most affordable hotels I found while searching for lodging in London!	
Nov 13 2007 	yuck	Yet another gross hotel in London...dirty carpets, mishmash of styles in the bathroom that dated back at least 4 decades, generally not at all what the website would have you believe. Moral of the story? In London you MUST spend more to get something bearable - and this place was one of those places that one gets up and leaves first thing, coming home only when one is ready to sleep. Unpleasant, with zero ambience!	
Nov 1 2007 	Our Home Away From Home!	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel from Sept 28 – Oct 5, 2007. My review will be quite lengthy for those of you who wish to read it in its entirety. If not, all I have to say is Stay at the Rhodes Hotel, you will not be disappointed.My husband and I (38 &amp; 40) were finishing up our 5-city tour through Europe with 2 nights at the Rhodes Hotel. After being in 4 hotels the last weeks previous and having travelled extensively, I would say I am a good judge.I booked the hotel via email with Maria, providing my credit card info. The price was right and the location seemed okay being our first trip to London.The hotel is located a short 5/6 minute walk from the Paddington Tube Station. This location is great as there are 3 tube lines (Bakerloo, Central and District) which get you easily (with no transfers) to the main tourist attractions ... London Eye, Westminster Abbey, Piccadilly, etc. Right behind the Hotel is Hyde Park which is absolutely lovely to stroll through with ponds, animals, statues and a nice little cafe to have lunch. The area has a ton of little pubs, shops, restaurants, a pharmacy and &quot;take out&quot; places ... everything you need within a 5 minute walk.We arrived early on our first day, my husband coming down with a cold, we decided to take the hop-on-hop-off Big Bus Tour (red double-decker that takes you around London) without too much effort. The Big Bus &quot;stop&quot; is a 4-minute walk and can/will eventually take you full circle if you stay on. Maria booked the tour for us, gave us a pamphlet/map and described the tour in detail to us. She is fabulous.Our room had all the comforts you would have at home ... clean, spacious for London, comfy bed &amp; pillows, hair dryer, TV, small kettle with fixings for coffee &amp; tea in the morning, body wash in the shower, a small refrigerator (which 1out of 4 hotels had in the previous weeks). This is huge plus in my mind as you can keep water, beverages, fruit, etc. Our room also had a terrace with table and chairs ...which was lovely in the warm weather. A smoking by-law passed this past summer so smoking is not allowed in London hotels any longer. The following day my husband's health worsened and he wanted to go to emergency. St. Mary's Hospital is right around the corner but he felt to weak to walk so Maria drove us!He was diagnosed with pneumonia and the doctors stated he would have to be there for several days. This was really unfortunate for us as we were supposed to fly back to Canada the next day. Once back at the hotel, I told Maria the situation and due to it being a very busy tourist season she said she would do her best to accommodate me. During my entire visit I stayed in 4 different rooms as I moved to whatever was available. A couple of the rooms were renovated and couple were not, but they were all incredibly clean, had the same amentias, except maybe newer bathroom fixtures, a funky mirror or wall shelf. Maria gave me a small discount, which I really appreciated. Chris and Maria were a godsend in this tough situation. Being a stranger in a strange town they did everything they could to make me feel comfortable. I ate my take out dinner in the lobby a few nights, chatting with them and the other hotel guests, it helped to keep my mind off things.Once my husband was released for bed rest for a few more days, Chris had a &quot;thank you lunch&quot; for his return which he prepared ... thank you lunch for us? THANK YOU Chris and Maria for everything!Other things to note:Hotel is deceivingly small from the outside. There are 5 flights to climb to the rooms on the top - 86 stairs in all - I was fine, but others may complain. They will help with your bag(s) if need be. There is free Internet in the lower level for all the hotel guests to use. There is also a connection in all the rooms. The continental breakfast was the best I had over the weeks, available from 7-10am ... Coffee, tea, fresh croissants, warm toast, butter, jams, ham, cheese, yogurt, cereal, whole fruit. AND for only 3 GBP more Chris or one of his staff will make you a hot breakfast of your choice. Eggs anyway, bacon, sausage, grilled tomatoes, beans, were all available English Breakfast ... delicious! Chris even made a toasted egg sandwich for me to bring to my husband in the hospital one day! On the 2nd floor of the hotel there is small library of books that guests take and leave for their reading pleasure.Yes, they are currently undergoing a few renovations, room-by-room ... but by no means is it obtrusive, they are keeping the disruptions to a minimum and it didn’t bother me. There were guests I met that have been coming twice a year for 15 years and others that were staying for weeks a time. Everyone loved it as it feels like a home away from home. I must mention too that on the Friday night before we were to fly home the Hotel was full ... Maria apologized profusely but they were booked solid. She called around to a few hotels she knew of in the area but everyone was booked up. We found a place across the street on the corner called WestPoint Hotel, which we stayed for the same reasonable price, which included breakfast. But it was nothing like the Rhodes. It had a big pretentious fountain in the lobby, the rooms were so small there was no floor space to lie your suitcase down. The TVs were ceiling mounted with no remote (unless you paid a 10 GBP deposit). The bathrooms were so small you couldn’t sit straight on the toilet without your knees crushed into the sink. And unfortunately I cannot comment on breakfast as it was served from 7-8am only and we had to leave prior to 7:00am to catch our flight.Our family, friends and travel agent were very impressed and grateful with the hospitality Chris &amp; Maria gave us. It is rare to find this hospitality in strangers, even in the hospitality industry … they are “salt of the earth” people, and the kind of people you will never forget. We have given out the Rhodes Hotel contact information to many. In summary, I know my review is long with unusual circumstances but if you are looking for a hotel/B&amp;B that is clean, quaint, comfortable, easy on the pocket book, in a great location and run by lovely people ... look no further than the Rhodes Hotel ... reserve before its booked solid …you will love it and it will be your home away from home!	
Oct 29 2007 	lowdisappointing standard	We get impressed by Hotel Rhodes website, and the price was very good. But, the website did not show the facts....From the minute we arrived and saw the shabby reception, we had bad feelings...And when we were guided to the hotelroom in the annex, the bad feelings were confirmated. Yes, the price was nice, but too high for the standard of that kind of room. By mail the owner said the rooms were recently refurbished (!!) and were beautiful...! The room was very small, but that was ok. But it was very, very simple. No paintings or pictures on the wall, just nails....And the room could not have been refurbished the last 10 years. The furniture look old, and outside the room, we could not have any view, because of scaffold gave no view at all. And the window-frame was very dirty.And the bathroom was terrible! The sink was very, very tiny, and the room was so small that we could not turn around...So we would not recommend at all this hotel, pay a bit more and get more comfort!!	
Oct 24 2007 	Friendly hotel	We chose the Rhodes Hotel because of it's location and as it had had mostly good reviews before. We flew into Heathrow and took Heathrow Express to Paddington. From there the Rhodes Hotel was only 3 minutes walk. The hotel was very clean and our room (quad room with en suite) was big enough for the 4 of us. The only drawback was the 6 flights of stairs so we possibly lost a few pounds!! Both Chris and Maria the owners were very friendly and our kids liked them. We would definitely stay here if we visit London again.	
Oct 1 2007	Wonderful Location	I stayed here with my daughter for two nights last week.Our room was quite small and slightly shabby, as was the bathroom. But clean. I had asked for a first floor room as a result of reading the reviews here about the stairs and I think that the upper floor rooms would probably be bigger. There is quite a bit of renovation going on, which I think should be mentioned when booking, especially when it is directly with the hotel.The position is wonderful. 2 minutes' walk from two separate underground stations. 1 minute's walk from restaurants and bars. 2 minutes' walk from Hyde Park.Altho I have no other experience of hotels in London, I can't imagine that it would be possible to get a hotel in this location for a better price.Breakfast was fine. Eggs were cooked for us at no extra charge. In fact, nothing was too much trouble. Chris and Maria's hands-on approach is everywhere.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great Location Great People	Within easy walking distance of the tube and Paddington Station, this hotel was inexpensive and clean. Chris and Maria are wonderful hosts and very helpful. The negatives were that we we're on the top floor and five flights of stairs is a bit daunting at the end of a day of sight seeing. If you mind stairs, ask for a lower room. One weekend night was a bit loud when our young male neighbors came back from a pub late but overall rooms were quiet. We had a plumbing issue that was promptly fixed. They were renovating 2 floors below us but we were never inconvenienced nor were others we talked to. Breakfast was basic but tasty and you could pay for a hot meal if desired. There were plenty of restaurants and pubs nearby and while the neighborhood can be sketchy farther north, this location was quite safe. When I return to London, I would stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Home away from home!	We stayed at the Rhodes twice during a long UK holiday in summer 2007; I had also stayed there the previous year and enjoyed it.This is a small hotel with a very friendly and personal touch. Location very near Paddington station is convenient for transportation to and from Heathrow, and for Tube or bus access to anywhere in London. It's in a Georgian-era building, which means the rooms are small and the stairs steep. But the family room for five, on an upper floor, was just fine for us, and the price was astonishing for London. All the rooms are a bit different, depending on when they were last remodeled. The hotel is clean, the renovations very well-done, the bathrooms are up-to-date and the hotel also offers unusual amenities like air conditioning, free internet access (wired) in rooms and a free computer downstairs for guest use. (I have also stayed in a 4-star London hotel where a single was $400/night--and net access an additional $40/day--glad that was on my client's account!)Owners Chris and Maria are nearly always present, so you get very personal attention. For some people this is perhaps not what they want; likewise the idiosyncratic decor (faux finishes and a Greek theme) is maybe not for everyone. The Rhodes is more like a bed and breakfast in this regard, and for us this was a big part of its appeal. I stay in big corporate hotels often on business, and when travelling personally I'd much rather stay someplace with personality. Chris and Maria were particularly sweet and attentive to our children. Our 11-year-old son said that Chris is 'awesome,' and it's nice to think that the kids will always remember the Rhodes as part of their first trip abroad.Several of the other guests during our stays were repeat clients, sometimes of many years standing. Chris presides over breakfast in the downstairs dining room, and conversations with him and among guests can span the globe. It's that kind of place...you feel like you're among friends, at least we did. It's easy to see why people return to this hotel again and again. We certainly would.	
Aug 17 2007 	Good location	Nice hotel, good sized room and lovely bathroom, but a lot of stairs. A plus is that it is air conditioned.	
Jul 29 2007 	Six Star Bathroom!	This is a 3 star hotel, but our bathroom was definately 6 star!The bathroom was very luxurious, new, with marble tiles, and spar bath. Really wonderful! The room was very clean, and the price very reasonable for London.The service was excellent, and the stay brilliant value for money in a nice part of London, within easy reach of everything.The free internet acess was really appreciated, and the breakfast very adequate.Maria and Chris were great hosts, and looked after us well.We stayed with our 18 year old son, and he also thought that the hotel was very well situated, and had everything that we needed.The booking from beginning to end was handled efficiently, as was the transport from the airport to the hotel. Maria and Chris were very helpful with whatever we asked them.If we go to London again (which is unlikely - once was enough) we would definately stay here.(if any constructive criticism is to be mentioned, I would only say that we found the Greek decor in the main areas to be a bit tacky), however the room was fine. Linda, Eddie, and Storm (Western Australia)	
Jul 27 2007 	I Like this hotel	I stayed here in May and July, for a total of 8 nights - same room both times.The people are nice and the location is great, the price is reasonable (for London) and the included internet is brilliant.People : Chris and Co. are just nice people.Location : easy walk to Paddington station and underground, many reasonably priced (for London) restaurants nearby, but not too noisy. Almost anything you need is in easy walking distance.Internet : I was carrying my laptop, the LAN connection in my room worked flawlessly. I uploaded way too many photos for friends and family to look at.Overall, I really had a good time at this hotel.	
Jul 26 2007 	Like staying with friends	After reading some of the negative reviews of the Rhodes Hotel, I thought I should put in my 2 cents. We stayed for a week last summer and really enjoyed our stay! To us, it wasn't like staying in a chain hotel, but like staying in someone's home. Chris and Maria were wonderful hosts! We had breakfast with Chris almost every morning and he gave us lots of great tourist advice as well as wonderful conversation. I can see why someone would think they weren't friendly, but we felt like they were being real, instead of the run of the mill, name tag wearing, hotel staff. We found the hotel to be charming and a reflection of the neighborhood. The air conditioning was a definite luxury as many London hotels do not have ac. We really appreciated having the small fridge to keep snacks and bottled water.Yes, the hotel is older and the rooms and bathrooms are small. This is very common in any big city hotel in this price range. When making our plans, we deliberately chose to stay here and experience the home-like feel that the Rhodes Hotel has to offer, rather than stay in a generic big city hotel. If you are looking for a hotel with modern amenities, where you can be anonymous, this isn't the place for you. If feeling like you are in a home away from home is your idea of a vacation, definitely book your stay in London here!	
Jul 18 2007 	Nice value and the owners are the best assets	London is very expensive, and with the weak American dollar, it's very difficult to get a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of London instead of some outskirt area. The location of the hotel is fine as it's very close to Paddington. It's a 2 minute walk if you use the closest exit to the hotel and don't get lost in the process (which we figured out on the second day). Otherwise it's like a 5 minute walk at most. The hotel is mainly on a residential area, and is one of the many connecting townhouses on the same block.Use the Heathrow Connect instead of Heathrow Express to get to the hotel from Heathrow - it's only 15 minutes difference at 1/2 the price.The room we got was a triple, and it's kind of strange. It's small, as we expected, and decorated in some dark walls and curtains. The dimension of the room is what's kind of unsettling about it. It's long and narrow, with a 20 feet (iit seems) ceiling. I don't know about others but it just felt kind of oppressive to me.There's also a crack on the ceiling which we found out the reason why it existed the next night. Turned out our room is below another bathroom, and on our second night the guest above overrun the tub, and all the excess water dripped down the ceiling to our room. The dripping continued all night.The owners were apologic, but it's not a fun experience. The owners were very friendly and helpful in giving directions and even carried our suitcases to/from our room.Otherwise the room is adequate and clean.Breakfast was Ok. Probably the most sparse out of all the stays in our trip. For 3 pounds more though you can get the English breakfast, which consists of fried eggs, sausage, ham and beans. I think that's the best value at London when a single piece of fish (no chips) is 7 pounds (about $14 when we went).	
Jul 15 2007 	Very Nice Stay	Beds were comfortable, rooms are clean, showers had very good water pressure and never ran out of hot water. Internet access computer downstairs for anyone to use. Owners were very helpful and friendly. Great location just a block or two from Paddington Station. Rooms aren't huge (but none in England are unless you want to pay a fortune) but the bathrooms were new - one of our rooms had a very large bathroom with jacuzzi tub. Never heard any of our neighbors even though the hotel was full. I'd stay there again.	
Jul 9 2007	Fabby doo very pleased with the Rhodes Hotel	We were in London for the Live Earth concert and wanted a hotel relatively easy to get to Wembley from. Rhodes hotel was perfect location, direct tube about 5 stops. Had originally booked another hotel in the area but cancelled after reading reviews on here, we were very lucky to get into the Rhodes. Rooms a little dated but perfectly clean, very comfortable beds too. The owners were really friendly and happy, a lot more so than other hotels. Breakfast good and satisfying, choice of cereals, yoghurts and toast. English fry available too for just £3pp.All in all would def recommend the Rhodes Hotel, 2 min walk to Paddington, Hyde Park. Lots of restaurants and shops in the area too. Buses aplenty also. Would def return here next time we are going to Wembley.	
May 17 2007 	Great Hosts	Chris and Maria were wonderful hosts. We stayed at the Rhodes during our honeymoon and they bought us champagne the first night we were there because they wanted to make our stay a little more special. Both were incredibly friendly and they were especially helpful in directing us around London and booking tickets for us for different attractions right from their front desk. Would reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants a more personable stay.	
May 9 2007 	Great Value Hotel	This hotel is walking distance to Paddington train station. It is a lovely old neighborhood and I walked alone at night to the Burger King without feeling afraid. There are always alot of people on the street. Lots of restaurants and minimarkets, anything you want is nearby. The train station also has restaurants, donuts, wine, fruit, bookstore, tour brochures, flowers, ATM, currency exchange, you name it. I went with my mother (age 79) and she liked the hotel, but mostly she liked Chris and Maria. They invited her to eat dinner with them and went out of the way to help her. They provide a lovely breakfast downstairs, internet access, or you can have coffee in the room, there is a little fridge if you want to bring something in. The rooms are small but clean; we felt comfortable and safe there. We stayed on the ground floor next to the registration desk and we were not disturbed by any noise. We will stay again if we ever get to go back to London in this lifetime.	
May 6 2007 	I can't wait to return	You couldn't ask for better people to take care of you than Chris, Maria and their staff. They go out of their way to make sure you're happy. This hotel is close to a tube station and feels like home.	
May 5 2007 	A very nice and friendly place	I lived in this hotel for over a month in March-April 2007, so I'm quite experienced in a sense.First of all, the hotel is not a pricy one, so don't expect anything amazing, it's average in terms of the size of the rooms (it's funny to read how people are disappointed with tiny rooms or bathrooms - this is London, unfortunately. If you want a big nice room you will need to pay at least twice as much. or 4 times :) ). It's an adequate value for money. But what makes the difference is the attitude of the owners. They are ALWAYS there (well, Chris goes down for the breakfast a little bit later than it starts, but still he oversees everything (and the breakfast is good and long). And Maria is almost always at the reception. They are very nice and friendly, they will be happy to help you with any information and they just simly enjoy talking to people. They might simply become your first friends in London :)I've stayed in 2 rooms - first on the first floor, then on the forth. Another example of their attitude - I didn't have to worry about the luggage (and you know, with 25kg bags it might make a real difference). Everything was nice and quiet (only during Easter there was a family with two kids in the next room, and they were a little loud, but also not for long). There are two more people working there - Regina and Andrey, and they are also very nice and friendly. So overall it was a very nice experience.	
Mar 26 2007 	Avoid this hotel!	I stayed in this hotel in November 2006 with a friend and we were throughly disapointed. The hotel's website does not show it how it really is and the en-suite bathroom is practical a small box in the corner. We were placed on the top floor where our room was the only furnished one and the others were still being built. One afternoon, we returned to the hotel to find our room was open and the builders were using our doorway to store their tools! This was obviously unacceptable as we had left valuables in our room seeing as we did not think people would be in there, apart from perhabs a cleaner. To let people into our room, i thought was disgraceful of the owner and i would NEVER recommend anyone to go to this hotel.	
Mar 1 2007 	Really good deal	My friend and I stayed over Thanksgiving in 2006. We had a fantastic trip and the hotel was part of making it nice. Our room was very small and the bathroom was TINY, but who's in the room that much while traveling?? Plus, it's just a few blocks from Paddington Station, where you can get on the tube or catch the Heathrow Express. We would grab sandwiches at the station to take on the go while touring. (Less expensive option to eating out every meal) You can catch a bus right in that area too, as well as jump on one of the double-decker tours. Easy access to ATMs.If you have never been to London, I would highly recommend taking one of the bus tours. You can get a two-day pass where you can hop on and off at any point. Through the tour, you can get discounted admission to several of the hot tour spots, as well as get to the front of the line in some of places. This bus tour also comes with a river cruise and several walking tours. By far the best deal we found in London! We timed it so we had the river cruise right at the start of evening. Very cool to see the London Eye at night. Parliament looks cool too. And they can get you tickets at the hotel.Maria and Chris so very nice and were great in helping us find the usual traveler information - tours, transit, restaurants/pubs. They have internet access, which is nice. Free breakfast included was an added perk. It's just the basics for food, but worked for us. Overall, the convenience factor due to the location of the hotel and the helpfulness of the proprietors are two main reasons why I would recommend this hotel to others. Plus if you catch Chris in the lobby at night, he's quite the story-teller! After dinner and drinks out, we came back a couple of nights and sat up chatting with him.	
Feb 2 2007	Rhodes Hotel a standard value	I am an once a year traveller to London and very familiar of the cityas I used to live there as an MSc student.My latest trip was January 26-30 and I stayed for second time at Rhodes hotel based on my wonderful last year experienceI arrived late (1 am) together with a friend and had asked for a twin bed room.The host, wonderful Mr Chris Crias was waitingfor us in person and offered us two single rooms in a price of a double! My overall experience was as great as last yearMy room (218, ground floor) was more than adequate for a single traveller whose holiday depends on exploring the city all day long and going back just for rest.Very clean carpet and bed linnen, spacious shower room, satelite tv including radiostations, absolutely quiet at night as Mr Chris takes special care of the kind of guests he hosts.The breakfast room, located on the basement, little and cosy, with Chris taking special care of his guests (rich English breakfast) and having a pleasant morning chat with each of them.On the reception desk, Maria Crias, a lady from Corea who can speak to English like an English, to Greeks like a Greek and so on, welcomes you with her warm way and her desire to assist you in whatever info concerning your holiday.The superb locationis well mentioned by other reviewers (perfect publik transportation daytime and most important, nighttime,walking distance from the hotel)Prices are absolutely right for horribly expensive London and the quality of services offered.My message for moderate and budget travellers to London is :London is the Great Metropolis that has something to offer to everybody! Do not waist your money at impersonal luxurious hotels that keep you inside, or budget hotels where nasty surprises of all kind wait for you! Go to Rhodes hotel where a personal attach and warmth and hospitality await for you. It is a standard value!!	
Jan 9 2007 	Thanks Chris 	Our family of 4 (ages 16, 20, xx and 50) stayed at the Rhodes Hotel for five nights commencing on Christmas , 2006. We chose the Rhodes Hotel largely because of the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed.Our room was small for 4 people, but we knew that going in. There was no elevator and we were on the third floor, but we knew that also.The room was spotless. The beds and bedding were clean and comfortable. The in-suite shower and bathroom were more than adequate. The room looked out onto an alley or &quot;Mew&quot; that has been refurbished to upscale apartments.The Rhodes is located convenient to two tube stops giving you quick access to any part of London. Hyde Park is a block away and a great place to walk off jet lag. Oxford Street and the shopping district is a longer walk, but doable without too many packages. The Rhodes is on Sussex Garden, a quiet street of small hotels. It is relatively easy to compare prices with other hotels along the street. The price of the room was fair and in line with similar properties. The basement breakfast room was comfortable and the food was simple and delicious. The Hotel also offered internet access and included international calls, two features my kids really liked.Although the above is important, we recommend the Rhodes Hotel because of Chris &amp; Maria Crias, the owners. They greeted us with friendly smiles every day. They gave good advice (e.g. taking high tea at Fortnum &amp; Mason). They gave me a chocolate cake and champagne for breakfast on my 50th birthday! They (and two crazy friends, Henry and Billy) put on a Christmas dinner was not to be believed. We really felt like we were part of the family as we sang Christmas carols and the dreidel song. Everyone added their own special touch from Edelweiss to purple Korean rice.Thank you Chris &amp; Maria!	
Jan 8 2007	A nice and simple family hotel	We are a family of two adults and three children of 5,7 and 9 years old and enjoyed a lot our 4 days stay in this friendly hotel.The owners (a couple, both either at the desk or serving breakfast) were very nice with our kids, and helpfull for any purpose.The hotel location is excellent for visiting museums likethe Natural History museum or the Science museum,the two cultural activities our children preffered in London.We stayed in one of their two family room (5 beds), which was small but clean and comfortable, and even quiet enough,considering it was on Sussex Garden's avenue side.The price was good for London.The Continental breakfast served every morning was all rightin quality, but good in quantity as we could eat as much as we want.Globaly, we would recomend this hotel.Nicolas Reuge / Lausanne / Switzerland	
Jan 6 2007 	Very Satisfied	When you travel to London, your expectations have to change a little. Most rooms in London in this price category are dumps and are about the size of a broom closet. We were pleasantly surprised by the Rhodes. We stayed Dec. 26, 2006 to Jan. 2, 2007. While the rooms were small, and the furnishings a bit dated, we were very satisfied with the cleanliness, service, and overall atmosphere. We stayed in room 216, which I would highly recommend. Breakfast was very good and plentiful. The owners were fabulous. Chris is very proud of his establishment and goes to great lengths to make sure you are happy. If you are a timid and uptight person, then yes, you may have an issue with his personality, but he means well and is always smiling. Some examples of outstanding service are as follows. Two of the outlets broke in our room along with the stationary hair dryer. He loaned us a hair dryer immediately and had the electrician come and fix everything within a few hours. In addition, the next day he left a box of chocolates and a bottle of champagne in our room for our &quot;inconvenience.&quot; The one evening we were preparing to depart for Brussels early the next morning. I forgot to exchange money and asked him if the taxi's would take a credit card. He offered to loan me 10 pounds till the next day so I didn't have to walk out into the rain that evening. The taxis charged a higher fare for payment with a CC. In addition, for the same price as a taxi, he booked us a private lincensed sedan (an MB E-class) to drive us to the station the next morning. These are just some examples of the outstanding service. The hotel is close to Paddington station with convenient tube and train connections. Highly recommended overall. Thanks Chris and Maria for a wonderful vacation!!	
Dec 29 2006 	Disappointing.....	This was my first booking based on the Tripadvisor site and I must say that we were more than disappointed. The location is fine, quite close to the tube, but the room and the staff, especially the owner wasn't at all what we had expected when reading the reviews before going to London. The room was small, old furniture, uncomfortable beds. The owner was extreamly grumpy and not at all as nice as everyone seem to describe him. No, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 27 2006 	Personal and quaint	My husband and I just returned from our third stay at this bed and breakfast. Frankly, we enjoy staying in family operated establishments over larger, less personal places. The Rhodes fits our needs and more. The host and hostess are warm and gracious. One example of their hospitality is what occurred this past Christmas day. While the rest of London visitors are forced to find refuse and a decent meal on Christmas day (and pay enormous prices) Chris and Maria provide this as a service as part of staying with them. They took pride and great satisfaction at serving this meal. However, no detail is too big or too small for them to handle.The hotel is located in a super location. It is near Paddington Station (near the Heathrow Express, and five tube lines). The rooms are small, but very clean. And the staff are very honest and trustworthy. We have stayed in many large cities throughout Europe and the US and frankly, I wish we felt this at home and comfortable in other places. We are looking forward to returning again.	
Dec 6 2006	Not exactly a catch	I booked this place for my parents to stay specifically after reading the raving reviews online. The hotel itself it quite small, the rooms tiny and the shower rooms can cause a panic attack to a person who cant handle too small areas. The breakfast was below average (dining area is buried in the basement), the decoration was beyond tacky (red walls and &quot;greek&quot; themed murals everywhere) and the famous hospitality of the hosts were nonexistent (unless you consider loud, abrupt, unsmiling behaviour as warm and welcoming). I wouldnt recommend it.	
Dec 1 2006 	Average because of friendly staff	We choose this hotel because of reading the commend below and think it's a good hotel. We're quite disappointed for the rooms. Not very clear at all, the bathroom was small and hard to turn around.Some ants were climbing on the wall and also around the glasses.One thing we're appreciated by the help of front desk staff and she is very nice. She recommended a lot even we haven't follow much.The Location is very good, near the Paddington train station &amp; tube station.	
Nov 27 2006	Worked out well	Good value for London and very convenient to Paddington Station (made it easy to get around and also catch 1-day tour to Windsor/Stonehenge). Small rooms as typical of Europe, but nice high ceiling and private bathroom. Host was friendly and helpful, breakfast was a nice start each day, and the computer with internet in the basement was also useful.	
Nov 20 2006 	An Average Experience	After trawling through so many websites looking for a decent bargain hotel in London we booked this straight away after reading all the positive reviews. On price it was relatively cheap by London standards. We went for the Superior double for £70 which got us a balcony (perhaps we got carried away – it might be useful in Summer but not in November!) and a modern bathroom with jacuzzi. The room was small with limited storage space, we had two large rucksacks which didn’t fit in the cupboard so had to stay on the floor in front of the balcony doors and got in the way. There was a fridge though which was a good touch. It was clean and in decent condition although the carpet did have a pattern that looked about 30 years out of date. The bathroom looked like it had been refurbished fairly recently and was fine, unlike the bedroom it was a decent enough size but the jacuzzi was fairly small – not recommended for romantic couples! The walls were very thin as well, one night we went to sleep to the sound of our neighbour conducting a long phone conversation while on our last morning we awoke shortly after 7am to the new neighbours chatting away for an hour. We may as well have been in the same room for all the noise protection the wall offered. Breakfast was basic but (mostly) fine, croissants, toast, choice of 3 cereals, fruit and yoghurt or an advertised English breakfast for £3 extra though we did hear someone else ask about this and were told it consisted of bacon, egg and beans which is only half of what you’d expect from a proper English breakfast. The tea all three mornings was extremely weak – once the milk was in it had no colour, the boy serving was very helpful and polite but his tea making skills aren’t up to standard! Mind you a lady at another table said the tea was excellent so everyone is different.The staff were all helpful in fact and one of the best features of the hotel. The other big positive is the location, a couple of minutes from Paddington and from Lancaster Gate underground so the centre is in easy reach and also close to Hyde Park. A pleasant stroll across which gets you to Knightsbridge, Harrods, Natural History Museum and more. We stayed in a hotel in the Lake District a couple of weeks before for a cheaper price but with a much higher standard so we expected better especially as we had the Superior Double. It’s ok but reading all of the reviews I can’t understand the fuss – I wouldn’t like to think that visitors from abroad think this is as good as it gets for budget accommodation as there is so much better than this elsewhere in the country.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great Value	For a clean, well-appointed, yet affordable hotel in Central London, the Rhodes fits the bill. Rooms are small, but certainly not much more than the norm in London. The included breakfast was basic, but sufficient. An English breakfast was only an additional 3 pounds. Plentiful hot water, too. Chris and Maria were very helpful and friendlt hosts.Since there is no lift, make sure to ask for a lower level room if you have trouble with stairs. Otherwise, a room on the 5th floor helps work off those puddings!Extremely convenient to Paddington Station for Heathrow Express and for the tube. Also a very safe neighborhood with pubs and restaurants nearby.	
Nov 7 2006 	Best budget hotel in London	Me and my wife stayed in Rhodes Hotel for 3 nights and I absolutly recommed it. The room was really clean, they have good quality beds and the owner Chris is superb. He really knows how to take care of his quest. After about 8 times in London I finally have found myself a hotel I want to come back to. Also the location is great as it is a couple of minutes walk from Paddington stationRagnar from Norway	
Oct 29 2006 	Clean well located friendly budget hotel	Trying to provide a London experience for our two daughters aged 8 and 12 we were looking for an affordable place to stay. And here we found it, clean, well located and with a very friendly welcome by the owner Chris Crias. Coming from continental Europe we took the car into London - unless you have nerves to handle traffic jams this is not to be recommended. But once at the Rhodes Hotel we could park our car in the private road just in front of the hotel (don't forget to show the permit which will be supplied by the hotel !!!) and used public transportation all days. With its conveniant location near Paddington Station no problem at all.	
Oct 28 2006	Great small and convenient hotel	Stayed here with family in October and greatly enjoyed the stay. The rooms were clean and well maintained. The proprietors were great - helpful and friendly. The location is quite convenient with Paddington Station 2-3 blocks away. The breakfasts were included in the room price and were good value with Chris offering to cook what you wanted. The full English breakfast was good and sufficient to stay with you for most of the day. Good value and would definitely stay again.	
Oct 19 2006 	my london home	i have been staying at the Rhodes Hotel for the last 7 years on short frequent business visitsThe attraction for me has been the style of the place, the level of security an amenities coupled with reasonabe rates. the location of the hotel is perfect for me, in 15 min i am in heatrow with the heatrow express at paddington station and you are so fast on the circle line to go around london.myself and my associates are always happy coming back to this lovely smalll hotel. like; locationdislike; no smoking in the rooms(but ask for a balcony room so you can smoke on the balcony ;-) )	
Oct 10 2006 	ask about room options	The comments on here about Chris and Maria are spot on. They are lovely people and very helpful.The rooms vary in quality. I cannot remember the number but there is a room with a pergo (simulated wood) bathroom floor, which is where we spent two nights. This room needs renovation. The beds were uncomfortable and the room generally on the shabby side. On return to London from the Continent, we asked for 216 after formerly getting a peek from a nice older couple who were using it. It is a &quot;superior&quot; room and costs more but has a new bath with a spa tub and a balcony. I liked this room a lot. In closing, we'd consider staying there again, but also note that there are many hotels in the area, many on the quieter squares, which should be investigated as options.	
Oct 10 2006 	I want to agree...	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Rhodes hotel in September 2006. It came highly recommended by a colleague and the reviews on trip adviser were fantastic. The hotel is around a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station. We caught the Heathrow Express to Paddington so we found the location very handy. We paid 75 pounds a night for our room, which included taxes and breakfast. Chris was lovely and made us very tasty scrambled eggs for breakfast each morning. The room was a decent size for London, however the bathroom and shower were TINY. I understand that hotel rooms in London are very small, so I guess this is to be expected. The interior of the hotel is a little run down and in need of an update. However the outside is lovely. The Rhodes Hotel is within walking distance of Hyde Park and there is a bus stop right outside Paddington Station that will take you to the main attractions. However, I don't think I would stay at this hotel in the future. Call me fussy =)	
Oct 5 2006 	It's All True!	I'm always a little skeptical about what I read, but the glowing reviews of the Rhodes Hotel are all true. The location could not be better; Paddinton Station, Hyde Park and good food are all steps away. The rooms are quaint, comfortable and extremely clean. There's no elevator, which is probably good because it gives you a chance to walk off some of the ample breakfast. (Chris usually made a little something special for everyone to taste.) Our bags were carried up and down for us and there are conveniences that the big hotels don't offer like free wi-fi or use of their computer, free direct dial telephone and a frig in the room. But certainly the best thing about the Rhodes is not a thing, it's Chris and Maria. Maria is a fount of useful helpful information about where to go and how to get there. She takes each guest under her wing and treats them as if they are the only one staying with them. She arranged for a car to take us to Heathrow that was cheaper than the tube. Chris is not only an excellent chef but very interested in his guests and the world around him. They make a great pair and together they run a quiet, comfortable and affordable hotel. We were sorry to say good-bye to them and will definitely stay with them again.	
Sep 7 2006 	The Wonderful People Make the Hotel	I can't say what I liked more, Chris and Maria, the cleanliness of our room and bathroom, or the fantastic location to tube, train, coffee and dining. Ok - it's the people. After a long late flight from New York to London we were greeted by Maria. She made sure a clean room was immediately available - even though it was before normal check-in. (I previously stayed at the Marriott County Hall -they did not offer this convenience). Having just used a cash card machine and not having any small currency, Maria made change directly from her own purse. After napping, Chris made a wonderful recommendation for dinner.Breakfast the next morning was delicious - Chris' omelet secret - olive oil. It was nice to chat with Chris and Maria on a daily basis. They made us feel so very welcome, in a very inobtrusive way, and we looked forward to seeing them everyday.Air conditioning - ah, that was nice. And the room and bathroom were clean. Well, maybe clean isn't the right word, immaculate is more accurate. Having traveled in my job and stayed in many hotels, I can say with full certainty I've never stayed in a cleaner hotel. With luggage to lug, it was especially nice to be so close to Paddington. Heathrow Express from the airport and short, easy walk to the hotel. Train station, tube station, so close made traveling around England a breeze. In the end, it was the little things that really put this hotel over the top for me. Helping me find a certain bottle of Scotch, where can I find a big toy store, and the pleasant chit-chat and stories from Chris. I'm already making plans for next year - guess where I'll be staying.Amy SweeneyNew Jersey, USA	
Sep 4 2006 	Location location location	We spent a week at this hotel. There isn't a better location. Just down the block from Paddinton Station and it had air conditioning. We were there during the hottest days and were so thankful that we had A/C. Very few restaurants have A/C and the tube and busses are not air conditioned. Chris and Maria are terrific hosts. It's a little gem right in London.	
Sep 1 2006	Best Small Hotel in London	I was originally booked into the Regent Palace for my 7-night vacation in May 2006, but reading all the negative reviews on TripAdvisor (especially about bedbugs and mice) sent me scurrying for another place to stay. Frommer's recommended the Rhodes, so I checked out the TripAdvisor reviews and was amazed to see so many glowing reviews. And they were RIGHT!This is an excellent hotel. From the convenient location, close to Paddington for tubes and the Heathrow Connect (cheaper than the Heathrow Express) and a few blocks walk from Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens; to the clean and comfortably furnished room (there was a hairdryer AND outlet in front of a mirror, if you can imagine that in an older London hotel, plus a real medicine cabinet in the bathroom with a lighted mirror - none of those tiresome glass shelves above a tiny sink so that you splash water all over the floor trying to wash your face); to the small amenities that you'd never find for free at any other hotel, large or small: free internet on a computer outside the breakfast room, or free transatlantic phone calls!And Chris and Maria themselves are wonderful hosts, full of information and kindly courtesies. Chris cooked us up breakfast several times (without charge), just things he made up on a whim.My only fear is that so many people will discover how wonderful the Rhodes Hotel is, that Chris won't have a place for me the next time I'm in London!	
Aug 29 2006	It was perfect!	We stayed at the Rhodes for 2 nights before going to a large high rise for business. We didn't want to leave our wonderful room with the balcony and jacuzzi, Rm 216. It was delightful to come back and sit outside under a canopy of trees while watching the activity on the beautiful Sussex Garden Road. The bed was more comfortable than the expensive highrise. We were worried about the noise but with the air conditioning and double paned french doors, it was very quiet and comfortable. The bathroom was new and everything was clean, fresh and quaint. We also loved the high ceilings so the smaller room, by American standards didn't feel small. But the best part is true, the hosts are amazing people that truly do what they say, and then some. They suggested a cab that was comparable to the Heathrow Express, but much easier with our luggage. I always worry that it won't be there, which has happened with other trips, but everything was perfect and they even gave us a ride to our next hotel six blocks away so we wouldn't have to carry all our luggage. Maria was so patient with all my questions also, answering each email the next day. I felt like I knew them before we even got there. We also enjoyed the proximity to great pubs, Hyde Park and Paddington station. We missed it so much that we walked back to Sussex Garden to see our balcony again. It was a great stay and the only place in London that we would go again.	
Aug 23 2006	Hosts Do Not Get Better Than Chris 	My wife and our three teenage children stayed at the Rhodes at the start and end of a 3-week European vacation. The hotel is located in a quiet, attractive neighborhood close to Paddington station. The facilities are clean and ample if not flashy with air conditioning and intenet and a generous and affordable breakfast included. The rates offer solid value and there are rooms that accommodate families.What makes this hotel extraordinary, however, is the friendliness, resourcefulness and level of attention offered by the delightful proprietors, the married couple-- Chris and Maria Crias. Their interest in making our stay as delightful as possible and their experience, savvy and resourcefulness for finding answers and options and solving problems was amazing to all of us.If you stay at the Rhodes you will be in good-- and personal-- hands. Chris and Maria make it feel like a home away from home. We can't recommend this hotel more highly.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great location 	The Rhodes Hotel is in a great location close to Paddington Station with plenty of pubs, eateries, Hyde Park, and tube stations close by. One big plus for my husband and I with this hotel was the air-conditioning. You don't often find it, especially with a smaller hotel. It was very welcome on those warm days that actually do occur in London. Chris and Maria were excellent hosts. We will definitely stay here whenever we come to London. The only downside to the hotel is that there is no lift which could be troublesome for some people who have difficulty with stairs.	
Jul 20 2006 	Nice hotel good location great hosts!	I stayed at the Rhodes Hotel for 5 days in mid-July. The hotel is in a very convenient location (Paddington station &amp; Heathrow Express - 5 minutes walk), with restaurants &amp; pubs all around. They offer free internet, and a nice breakfast in the morning. My room (single ensuite) was on the small side, but very clean with everything I needed. The hosts (Maria &amp; Chris) are what makes this place so special - they have great advice for everyone and are very helpful. This hotel is great for its quality-price offering.Next time I go to London, this is where I will stay!CorneliaP.S. There is no elevator, so if you do not want to climb lots of stairs, you might want to mention it when you reserve.	
Jul 6 2006	wonderful hosts great small hotel	We loved this hotel! The proprietors, Chris and Maria are lovely people and couldn't have been nicer, or more helpful. They were wonderful to our children as well. We stayed in a family room which was clean and well equipped with a bathtub, small refrigerator and great air conditioning. The hotel is in a superb location - 2 tube stations within a couple minutes walk. Across from beautiful Hyde Park. The breakfast was great, and we got terrific restaurant and sightseeing recommendations from Chris. I recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great value, clean rooms and warm, personal hospitality.	
Jun 13 2006	Friendly Rhodes Hotel !!	Just returned from trip to London with wife, three teens to London. Stayed at Rhodes Hotel near Hyde Park and cannot say enough about the friendliness of owners Chris and Maria Crias. Before going, I had a lot of questions and they were so kind to respond to all promptly.Rate for a room with five beds was very reasonable by London standards. Although room was small and there were a lot of steps (no lift), the beds were comfortable, beakfasts (included) were tasty, location great (proximity to Hyde Park, tube stops, and eateries), and both Chris and Maria provided a lot of good advice for sightseeing and were able to book tours/arrange for taxis (airport/train station).I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 2 2006	Wonderful stay at the Rhodes Hotel	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel - May 18-24, 2006I highly recommend this hotel. It is an older building but has been updated and is very comfortable. It has very interesting decor, a computer and internet access is availble if you don't have your own laptop computer, free long distance calling to land lines in the states, a wonderful continental breakfast (or English breakfast for 3 pounds), very personable, friendly proprietors and staff. It is between Paddington and Lancaster tube stations, only a couple of blocks either way. We arrived in London at 11:00 a.m. and were able to check in to our room early. We had a 10 month old baby and they put a cot (aka crib) in our room for her. We stayed in room 216 which has the balcony and jacuzzi in the bathroom. We had a lot of luggage and Maria stored it for us. The bed was very comfortable. The room was small but that is the norm for London. It was big enough for 2 adults and a baby to run back and forth. The room had a telephone, tv, refrigerator, coffee/tea maker, hair dryer and computer connection. Another plus was the advice that is given by Chris and Maria, the owners. They were extremely knowledgable about where to go, how to get there, anything you need to know. There is a lot of street noise but they have installed nice windows that keep that noise out. There is no elevator and alot of steps so that would be a minus if you have special needs. If I ever return to London I will return to the Rhodes. I highly recommend it. It is a medium priced hotel that gives high priced service.	
Mar 26 2006	Fantastic Proprietors!	We had a fabulous stay at the Rhodes Hotel! Chris and Maria were the most fabulous hosts to us.Their in-depth knowledge of the area, tube locations, restaurants, short cuts, etc. helped us first time London visitors immensely.The room was pleasant and extremely quiet, the high speed connection invaluable, beds comfortable and there is enough room to walk around adequately. The full bath is a tad small.The full English breaksfast is not to be missed. An excellent way to fuel up for a full day of touring.The location in Paddington is great as 2 different tubes pass through, buses and the Paddington train station are all 2 blocks away. Restaurants are 1 and 2 blocks away, a small grocery and news stands too.All in all, this hotel offers a great value for real comfortable accomodations and an excellent location too. Chris and Maria make you feel right at home and welcome.We look forward to staying there upon our next visit to London.Chris and JeanFalls Church, VA USA	
Mar 24 2006	Rhodes Hotel-Our Home Away from Home	This is what we have been calling the Rhodes Hotel on Sussex Gardens at least twice a year since 1990. We found the lovely hotel on one of our excursions thru the Paddington area. We were quite impressed with the friendly owners, the staff, excellent service, clean and cozy rooms with refrigerator, telephone, coffee &amp; tea making facilities, AC, hair dryer, which is a god sent since I don't have to carry 220 V appliances and that funny looking 3 prong plug. The bathroom is small but clean, lots of towels and lots of hot water. Arrival time is flexible and our room is always ready. The hotel is close to everything, the tube, the train, the bus, Hyde Park, Pubs and Restaurants. It takes us about 20 to 25 minutes to get to the Rhodes after we board the Heathrow Express at the airport, pulling our luggage from Paddington.Each time we stay at the Rhodes we are impressed with the new additions and upgrades made to the hotel. This year it was the dual pane windows to keep out the traffic noise and the FREE Internet access, the computer is located just off the Breakfat Room, what a convenience! Beats having to go to the Internet Cafe. The addition of fresh fruit at breakfast was great.Chris from Greece and Maria from Korea, the Inn Keepers as Chris calls himself are a gem. Among other things Chris does breakfast with a flourish and lots of interesting conversations, he is an avid reader well versed in lots of subjects, especially history. We usually stay after breakfast and discuss world events and history and sometimes stop by the parlor after dinner to enjoy more conversation. Maria handles the front desk and always has a welome hug when we come in. She knows London in and out and is the best in giving directions to London attractions including which tube or bus to take and in which direction to get to where we want to go. She even advises me where to go to shop for clothes!! Being from the US the traffic on the left side sometimes gets confusing and Maria even tells us which side of the street to catch the bus.We are looking forward to our next stay in the fall this year, hopefully for more than the 11 days we spent there in January. All it takes is a phone call or FAX to Maria and our room will be ready! We highly recommend Rhodes Hotel to anyone that is planning a trip to London who wants to stay at a reasonably priced, clean and friendly hotel with excellent service.	
Feb 28 2006	Had a great stay!	We stayed for a week in a twin room in December and had a great time! The breakfasts were a great start to the day and the owner Chris was very friendly. The free internet was very useful and highly appreciated.The bedrooms and bathrooms were small but we didn't spend too much time there, and the room was big enough to fit a writing desk, mirror, wardrobe, tv and bar fridge. And the rooms were clean and the beds were comfy!The Rhodes was well located - close to Paddington station and one other in the other direction - but not too many restaurants/clubs closeby - but the tube is so handy!	
Feb 22 2006	A Great Place to stay !!!	I came for the first time in Rhodes Hotel in 1998. I was already very pleased of the global quality of the hotel which was really good value for money compare to what you can find in London.But when I came back this January 2006, I was very happy to see the improvments which have been done :- Free Internet in all rooms (unique in the area !)- Tv + Dvd player in all rooms !Moreover we were granted a room with a brand new bathroom with Jacuzzi (that was great !). The owners are really nice people, and even if you come for one night, you feel like at home !What I also liked is that the breakfast is served until 10am which gives you that extra hour in the morning !	
Feb 21 2006	Very good budget hotel	We just spent the weekend at the Rhodes Hotel and found it very enjoyable. It is about 5 mins walk to Paddington so the location is perfect. Yes, the rooms are small, but I've seen smaller. Rooms have free internet, TV, fridge and our bathroom also had a jacuzzi bath. Chris and the staff all seemed very friendly and helpful, giving us maps and enthusiastic recommendations for restaurants in the area. The price is excellent at STG£60 per night - we stayed at the Pavillion Hotel up the road on Sussex Gardens on our last trip to London (3 months prior) and, while the Pavillion was interesting, it was much more expensive (at £100 per night) and the breakfast at Rhodes was far superior.I would definitely recommend the Rhodes to anyone who is looking for a good quality budget hotel.	
Jan 27 2006	Nice place wonderful people	In first place, sorry for my poor english. My wife and I were in Rhodes Hotel for 5 days, January 17-22 2006, in the room 216.We went to this hotel because several spanish friends highly recommended it to us. All of them said the same: nice place, wonderful people.When we arrived to the hotel, the first we find was the kindness of his owner, a wonderful person that make us feel like in our own home. He offered us two differents rooms to choose, but finally gave us a room of upper cathegory that we had booked, without a increase of price.The room was in perfect conditions, well cleaned and comfortable. The shower room has a &quot;Schneider&quot; cabinet in perfect conditions to use, new and very clean, there no was wood in any place. I don´t know where was looking the person that wrote those review, but we didn`t saw wood in all the hotel.If you want a familiar dealing, a very good conditions to stay, and to know a charming man, Chris Krias, there is no any doubt: you must go to Rodhes Hotel. We only can say that in our future visits to London, we know where we have our home. Thanks for those wonderful days from Spain.	
Jan 18 2006	So Disappointed we checked out early	My husband and I stayed at Rhodes Hotel in May, 2005. We were given the triple room, because that's all that was left when we'd booked. The bedroom/living area was rather dumpy, with what were once white -- but are now grey -- curtains hanging in the window. When I went to open the refrigerator, it wasn't plugged in and therefore had a stench. On a positive note, the sheets were clean and they had a coffee/tea set-up which was nice.The bathroom made me want to cry. Wooden floor. Old, splitting-wood cabinetry. Avocado green fixtures. I can live with the color, of course, but the toilet seat slipped. The big wooden door to the bathroom would automatically close behind us and there was no vent or window. As for toiletries, they give you one of those small &quot;Cashmere Bouquet&quot; soaps that were popular in the 60s.We actually joked that, as a middle-aged couple, we were in our first youth hostel! However, when we went down to the breakfast room the first morning, there were families and couples our age who, from what we could gather, seemed content with their lodging. Maybe we were in the worst room in the hotel?We kept asking if there wasn't a better room for us to move to, but were told there wasn't. Knowing we couldn't possibly stay there the entire three nights we'd booked for, we spent over an hour the very next day looking for better lodging at the literally dozens of similar hotels in that vicinity. In all honestly, most were similar to Rhodes Hotel, but we found a few that were a step up. Unfortunately, they were all booked up due to the Flower Show taking place at the time we were there. We were supposed to spend our third, and last, day visiting an acquaintance who lived in the suburbs. Once she heard how unhappy we were, she insisted we pack up and spend our last night with her. Which we gladly did.Let me end by saying that we are pretty adaptable people when it comes to lodging. We've stayed at all kinds of accommodations in our 20 years together, and keep a running list of the top three and bottom three places we've ever stayed at. I'm sorry to say that Rhodes Hotel is now on our &quot;bottom three&quot; list.	
Jan 4 2006	An excellent choice for convenience and value	We stayed at the Rhodes Hotel 195 Sussex Gardens, London W2 2RJ during the first week of November 2005. The hotel is conveniently located in the Paddington area of London and close to tube stops (2 blocks.)The room was large, high-ceilings, and very clean. There was a working in- room television and coffee service plus private bath with unlimited hot water. The breakfast was very good. It was really an extended continental breakfast with toast, ham, cheese, yogurt, fruit and coffee/tea. An English breakfast was available for a small extra charge. The heating was good and the window opened for fresh air.The owner/manager and front desk were extremely helpful giving us good advice on London travel and tourism. We were very pleased at the value for price and would definitely stay there again.Rick and Louie	
Dec 3 2005	Good family value		
Oct 9 2005	Nice owners make this a good stay		
Sep 24 2005	Nice people		
Jul 11 2005	Great deal!!!!!		
Jul 7 2005	Great hosts nice AC good value		
Jun 1 2005	We Would Return		
Jul 18 2004	Rhodes Hotel Average		
Jul 11 2004	Great Place Individual Attention		
May 31 2004	Great bargain will stay again!		
Feb 9 2004	Not the Hilton but I will stay again		
Oct 31 2009 	Sympa		
Oct 25 2009 	Eine sehr gute Wahl  TOP !!!		
Oct 22 2009 	Ottima posizione scarsa pulizia		
Oct 21 2009 	nur zu empfehlen		
Aug 31 2009 	Correct accueil moyen		
May 19 2009 	Ouf un hôtel sans mauvaise surprise !		
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité prix pour un séjour familial		
Apr 2 2009 	" mi aspettavo di piu' "		
Feb 26 2009 	Mi sono trovato davvero bene		
Jan 4 2009 	A RETENIR		
Nov 17 2008 	Muy bueno		
Nov 9 2008 	da consigliare		
Oct 15 2008 	Hotel consigliabile		
Apr 28 2008	Hotel sympa		
Jan 5 2008 	Cómodo limpio y económico		
May 1 2007 	Da ritornare		
