	Great location..but awful staff	Very good location just a few steps from euston station. But the down falls are pretty much endless.. for starters the staff were so rude and unfriendly, the heating did not work in my room i was absolutely freezing, my TV did not work even though they have a 15minute policy to get any problem solved in that time or you stay for free.. even after 3days and several complaints my TV was never fixed and hey guess what i didn't get to stay for free. The cleaning staff i must say were very friendly and helpful but they walk into your room willy nilly with out even knocking.. They caught me in my towel not once but twice. I have stayed at the Ibis all over the UK but i must say this Ibis was the worst ever.	
	Perfect location	Booked online and got a rate of £63 a night for a double room, room only. Less than 50 metres from Euston. Rooms adequate for short stays and spotlessly clean. Staff all very helpful. Difficult ot fault, only we were hot at night and as there was no air con I am not sure about summer.	
	excellent value for money in london	We stayed her for a total of 5 nights broken up into 3 sets of stays. Since there were 5 of us-2 adults and 3 kids, we took 2 double rooms. We booked everything online and took the fully prepaid option and rates were quite cheap on some of the days. Room was clean, comfortable, nice showers and you get what you pay for. Centraly located-near Euston and Euston St Pancras station so brlliant to get around London. Lots of nice eateries around the hotel and breakfast was good value for money especially if you prepay it. Kids had breakfast for free so that was good. They have interconnecting rooms but somehow had trouble allocating it to us despite repeated requests. We finally were inadvertently put in a set on one of the nights and persuaded them to open the connecting doors. Some rooms are more modern than others. On our last night I think there was a problem with the plumbing/sewage in one of the rooms so the water wouldnt go through. The front desk is a littls shortstaffed so there is always a long queue buildup for checkin and checkout or even enquiries.But all this I would consider not major as once you get into the room things are fine and the hotel does what it promises to do-giving you good value comfortable accommodation in Central London so book online and get the best rates-I even got a couple of the nights for 60+ pounds per night per room which i consider a steal for London!	
Nov 21 2009 	Great location good rooms and nice food	I stayed here on a short break to London and the location was perfect for getting around London as it was right opposite the tube. The room was quite small but not unsurprising given the central location and perfectly suitable and very clean. We were pleasantly surprised there was no city noise during the night and the beds were comfy.The bar had some nice little areas to sit in so it felt imtimate but modern and wasnt too busy in the evening. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was really tasty and there was plenty of choice (contential or cooked).The staff were friendly, check out was quick and easy so really we couldn't have asked for any more!	
Nov 21 2009 	Not worth your money....	Hotel requires full payment before your stay, so if you incur extra charges then they must charge your card multiple times i guess.Hotel was internet advertised as being in Soho...its not...10 pound cab ride from there.Hotel does not even offer free Wifi. You must pay for wired internet service.Cleaning staff walked in on me while in my towel after my morning shower hours before checkout time.Staff is rather rude....Management had to appologize for them.Air conditioner did not seem to work well...room was hot and window was wired to only open a crack so ventilation was poor also.	
Nov 5 2009 	Simply the best	I adored satayed in Ibis euston. The cleanliness, the staff, the location, evething was quit good. Next time i went to London, i will stay here, no doubt!	
Nov 2 2009 	No frills value for money	Location is excellent if you are coming into Euston and spending days in Bloomsbury and Covent Garden which are in easy walking distance. Ibis is basic but clean. There are no frills and you would not want to spend time in hotel but for somewhere to rest your head and take a shower it is spot on. Our advance booking price was at least £40 better than the turn-up-and-pay rate.	
Oct 26 2009 	Too many problems	We stayed overnight so as to be near the Euston Station. Undoubtedly, the location of this hotel is superb, next to the station and near all the eating places. These are it's only two redeeming features.The airconditioning did not work. It was too cold and the temperatute adjustment did not work. The toilet was difficult to flush. Next morning, it could not be flushed at all. These are problems that should not be allowed to exist I did report the issues on check-out.On checking in, we had to wait 20 min. The service was very poor. One hapless receptionist attending with no backup.There was also a lot of noise coming from the corridor well into the night.My opinion is that this hotel has led the whole chain it belongs to down. I have formally complained and they have apologised.	
Oct 25 2009 	perfect location just opp. to the tube	basic room but clean. perfect location. simply comfortable	
Oct 20 2009 	Just what is needed for a busy weekend stay	The location and value of the Ibis London Euston are hard to beat. We have now stayed there a total of 3 times in the last 3 years making it an annual event. The hotel is right beside Euston rail/underground making it ideal for arrival and departure and also getting around London on the underground. OK it is not the height of luxury but it is comfortable and very clean and when you spend most of your time out and about anyway it ticks all the boxes for a good value city break. I imagine it would also be ideal for business trips because of its location. Beds are comfortable and despite several other reviews to the contrary, there are in fact tea/coffee making facilities and also soap and shower gel (dispenser on wall) provided. Only item not provided is a hairdryer but I usually bring my own anyway regardless of where I stay.Only drawbacks are the need to ask for extra towels as only bath towels are provided and seemingly constant lengthy queues at reception.	
Oct 20 2009 	Pretty basic but good value	I stayed here for 1 night on a business trip as I had a meeting nearby early the following morning. I was pleased to get the room for just £88, which is the cheapest I've managed to get yet in London and it is in a great location right outside Euston station, 1 minute's walk from Tottenham Court Road and 5 mins walk from the British Library and Kings Cross station. The rooms are a good size but pretty basic although adequate for 1 or 2 nights stay. I liked that the TV was a good size and directly in front of the bed, but the bed itself was pretty firm. The bathroom was a reasonable size and the room itself was fairly clean. The room was very hot but I opened the window for a while to cool it down.There wasn't much noise at all once the window was shut and I was pleasantly surprised at the general lack of noise in the hotel itself, particularly as the hotel has a labyrinth of corridors and rooms.My only complaint was the reception staff. I waited 15 minutes to try to check in (arriving at 9.30am) due to the slow receptionists, only to be told I couldn't check in until 12pm at the earliest. I would be out all day at meetings and wanted to freshen up (after a long train journey) and drop off my suitcase. Thinking they must have one room that someone hadn't slept in the night before, I politely asked if I could check in, only to be abruptly told there was no way and all they could do was store my suitcase in the office. I did find this rather inflexible as many other hotels in London have allowed me to check in early before. 12pm is far too late anyway and I guess they are catering more for tourists than business people. Anyway, be warned, they have no tolerance for early check-in requests! The reception staff were also pretty miserable and took ages to do basic tasks. Thank goodness for express checkout where you can just put your key card into a box (if you have pre-paid for your room).All in all a good stay for the price, although my colleague paid £115 for a room. If you're looking for something a bit more upmarket, try their sister hotel down the road, the Novotel on Euston Road. Costs about £130 per night but is better quality. This I would say is fine if you're not going to spend a long time in your room.	
Oct 8 2009 	OK - bed was very comfortable!	An OK Hotel - ideal for Euston Station and Underground!Food at breakfast and evening meal nothing special but OK.Service very Slow!Room on 3rd floor was very clean and tidy and warm although no view other than into central core/ yard of the hotel - so we could open the window to get some air!	
Sep 29 2009 	Quite a basic hotel though comfortable	We stayed four nights at the Ibis.It was a very basic hotel, with no room facilities ie no coffee or tea making, no iron, though they do have a room in another part of the hotel where you can go with your clothes to iron them. The hotel is a 10 or 15 minute walk from Kings Cross station and about 5 minutes from Euston Station. A good location, though at night the homeless people and drunks were a little intimidating at times. I live in a big city and this sort of thing does not bother me normally, but I guess being somewhere strange perhaps made me a little more wary.We choose this hotel for it's price and location. Travelling with luggage from Newcastle to Kings Cross we did not want to be too far from the station to make it easier to get there with our luggage. Also the price was within our budget at the time of booking. On reflection, I would perhaps spend a little more and choose a little more upmarket offering.But if you want no frills and straight forward comfort then you can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	Perfect Location Clean Hotel Fair Price Bad Service Very Basic Facilities	The Location is perfect since a Tube station with many lines is 20 meters from the hotel! The hotel is very clean both in rooms and lobby etc. The price is good in comparison with other hotels. The personnel is not enough for the hotel and they are also slow, so the service is bad since you have to wait a lot many times. But they are friendly. The room facilities are limited (e.g. there is no hairdryer!)	
Sep 22 2009 	great hotel for the price no complaints	i stayed here with my niece and nephew (9 and 12) for one night, we were doing a fast track sight seeing tour of london before they went back to school as a treat. i was a bit concerned due to other reviews on here especially with us arriving at 9pm plus having kids with me but i made sure that i had a guareenteed room as it was securred with my credit card it is true that they will give up your room if you haven't arrived before 6pm unless it is securred with a card. it it right next to euston so was great for quick snacks we could easily pop to the station there is plenty of places to eat breakfast too at euston. the hotel itself was great clean friendly welcoming the room was v light and clean they had put in and extra bed but the room was still big bathroom was just a shower but fine for us v clean . there is a bar area in reception which is v big an there is a buffet style restuarant we didn't go in either but people were using them. we found that with being so near to euston we were near tubes to take us anywhere as euston square tube is also only 5 min walk away. plus at euston there is a bus station so this would be useful for people too. i would never dismiss an ibis hotel in the future. far far far better than travel lodges i have stayed in. even though they say no frills it didn't feel like it	
Sep 20 2009 	Basic accomadation in Central London better than alternatives in that price range	Since I last stayed they have increased their breakfast selection to include cooked food. It's a busy transit hotel, unfortunately my colleague asked for her room to be serviced three times, but she still had to sleep in an unmade bed, and the towels were never changed. They didn't apologise, and she never received a reduction, and without her permission or signature billed the credit card for the full amount.	
Sep 3 2009 	No frills close to the tube decent value	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel in July 2009 while we were in London for a wedding. The room is small and basic, but clean and practical, with a small closet for clothes and a decent TV. The bathroom is small but manageable, and there is no air conditioning, which wasn't much of a problem for us, as this summer was mild. We could hear our neighbors in the hallway pretty clearly, but we didn't linger in the room too much. It's pretty far from all the big &quot;attractions&quot; in downtown, but we took the very convenient Euston Station tube and train almost everywhere we went - downtown and out of the city to Wales at the end of our stay. We arrived a couple of hours before check-in, dropped off our bags, and came back when we knew the rush would be over. We were able to check in immediately. The lobby does get crazy around check-in/check-out hours, but if you avoid them you should be fine. One very handy amenity was the phone in the lobby that you can use to book a private cab. We used this service twice to get across town. They also have computers in the lobby that you can pay to use, which we took advantage of. The computers were never busy. This is definitely a budget hotel, and the price is good for London but not fantastic, but it will get you close enough to downtown London (via tube) without breaking the bank.	
Aug 31 2009 	All you need central to tube can't go wrong!	I stayed here with my boyfriend and sister at the end of May. I got great value on the Hotels own webp age by paying in advance. The rooms were clean, everything you need for a Tourist Class Hotel.You are literally 2 minutes from the tube, couple of Bars and Restaurants in the nearby streets. Quiet location and safe from what I could see. Cannot fault this Hotel would recommend it to anyone who wants something central, clean and comfortable. Check out the webpage and see what good deals you can get in advance. Would definately stay again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Basic. Needs aircon!	I moved to the Ibis London Euston St Pancras after a terrible stay at another hotel locally. On checking in I specifically asked if they have air conditioning and was told they did. I expected to be able to &quot;turn up the cold&quot; but found a small dial beside the bed for a thermostat which seemed to do little.The room was basic but clean. Fine for a night before an early train, or arriving on a late train perhaps. Euston is the closest station - don't be deceived by the St Pancras tag, as it is a 5-10 minute walk to Kings Cross St Pancras with bags.The walls seemed paper thin, and for a light sleeper like me ear plugs were required. There seemed to be a lot of young families and the accompanying noise from kids, but this was not the only noise heard from 'through the wall'!The bathrooms were clean but basic. The TV channels on offer was a big disappointment for me - BBC1, 2, ITV1, Ch4, and Five were there, along with Sky News and some 'international' channels, but I expect at least the free-to-air digital channels! Not, &quot;True Movies&quot; churning out vile TV movie after vile TV movie! Why oh why!Make sure to bring your own toiletries as those that were &quot;available on request&quot; from reception were, in fact, never available when I requested - over a 3 day stay.	
Aug 11 2009 	great location and good value	I really enjoyed my stay in Ibis Euston. Its very close to this major station , which is great when you arive from Heathrow after a LONG haul flight and take a tube.. when you finally reach your destination, its great to be steps away from the hotel and have a quick check-in (did I have luck?).The lobby has a good atmosphere. I missed free internet in the business center, you have to pay £1 for 20min of web browsing. The staff was friendly (there was one exception, dont recall his name, but was a tall male). The room is the typical Ibis room, no more, no less. Two thumbs up for complimentary coffee and tea in the room. (I missed a safe box). My only complaint would be a foul stench that sometimes would rise from the bathroom drain, and also the fire alarm ringing for no reason once and almost scaring me to death (I wonder if that happened in the middle of the night!!)The breakfast is great and also a good value for the money, although I did choose to sometimes have it at one of many places you can find on Euston station.. On the overall, I recommend this hotel mainly because of its excellent location, and offering a good room to rest after a day of sightseeing!	
Aug 8 2009 	clean comfortable pleasant stay	stayed at this hotel with 3 colleaugues for work and taking in some of the sightsthe rooms where bright clean spacious .Bathroom had shower and bath .Rooms cleaned every day,staff pleasant and helpful,though they sometimes had trouble with understanding what you where saying,there spoken english is fine but understanding ohers a bit tricky but with patience you get there.The location is excellant for travelling very close to Euston station.	
Jul 19 2009 	Will cancel your booking if a better offer comes along	I had a booking through Expotel to stay at the Ibis London Euston with printed confirmation showing guaranteed late arrival. When I arrived to check in after 9pm, I was told that they had cancelled my booking and the hotel was fully booked. Instead, they offered me a room at another Ibis Hotel in Earls Court (which I declined). When I complained, they said it was their policy to cancel bookings at 6pm if guests had not arrived. The staff were unhelpful and couldn't stop smirking at the difficulty I found myself in. They said it was not their problem. It took me an hour to locate another hotel with rooms as London was busy that night.Unless you like being cast out into the street in London late at night, or fancy your reservation being transferred to another Ibis Hotel in a less desirable location, I'd seriously suggest looking elsewhere for a bed for the night.	
Jul 18 2009 	Literally...a nightmare!	Long queues at check-in. Luggage store room was left unlocked. Foul, sewerage smell in one of the bedrooms (375) , blood stained carpet in the other (367). Rooms needed to be thoroughly cleaned, especially the floors. As a female traveller, in a room alone, the hotel DID NOT feel safe- at 1am, when I was in bed I was awakened by a man entering my room with HIS keycard. He was as shocked as me but stayed in my room to argue with me, despite me shouting at him to leave. He then left and I was too scared to do anything for a few minutes. I got dressed and went to 'reception', where I did not feel the incident was taken seriously. While I was talking to the staff member he walked away to serve a seemingly drunk man with his request. When he came back he was very patronising, saying it had been an admin error with the keys. He put his hands on me to move me away, which I found intimidating. When I returned to my room MY keycard no longer worked and I had to go back downstairs alone again to get it to work. I obviously did not sleep after all that, even though I live in a large city and work with difficult adolescents and am used to difficult situations.	
Jul 17 2009 	Good Stay	I stayed in this hotel in July 2009 and would recommend it to any traveller that need easy access to both national rail and the London underground stations. The rooms are basic but clean and tidy and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The restaurant doesn’t have a huge selection but the food was well prepared and tasty.I stayed for just 1 night but will defiantly be staying again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Nice hotel nice staff very good location...	I stayed in this hotel with some friends for the week end, and as I come from Paris it was very easy to access the hotel as it was close to the king's cross station. When we arrived at the hotel there was a big queue but a friendly french woman was in the lobby and ask us if we wanted to join the free loyalty card (what i did), then the check in was quick and the staff at reception was very friendly as well.The room was clean and spacious we even had tea and coffee in the room.Later we went to the bar and all the staff were nice and one of them was speaking french as well!!!we didn't have to queue in the morning as we use the express check out (as we pay on internet before arrival).I would defenitly recommand this hotel to my friends and I will come back again!!!!!	
Jul 15 2009 	Friendly staff Clean 	The staff are great, there is no language barrier and their people skills excel beyond from what I would normally expect from an extremely busy hotel. The rooms are crisp, clean and actually &quot;does what it says on the tin&quot; I do enjoy the climate control. Food is quite varied. I had a fillet steak last night, cooked to perfection. I may have the buffet tonight, I'm not sure..... too much choice!!!!!!! I dont want to stay anywhere else as I dont think a local 5 star could live up to the customer satisfaction................................................. S Perkins - Construction Project Manager, Stratford upon Avon	
Jul 15 2009 	Perfect location and friendly staff	We arrived at the hotel with some friends to spend the week end in london, the check in was very efficient and quick. the room was as to be expetcted for a budget hotell, very clean confortable and most importantly sound proofed as it is next to euston station. We went for a shopping spree in ondon and came back to find a warm welcome in the restaurant and in the bar. When we checked out, there was a bit of a queue but staff were very quick so it made it easy to check out. What made the extra mile was the possibility to leave our luggages in the luggae room for the day which we did not know about it untill the receptionnist gave us the option. I could only recommend this hotel for its perfect location, professionalisme and cleanliness.	
Jul 14 2009 	A very friendly hotel and probably the most friendly Ibis hotel that we have stayed at.	We have used the Ibis Euston on many occasions over many years and have always found a friendly welcome. The bar staff and restaurant staff go out of their way to be helpful and to make you welcome.The rooms are a good size and, importantly, there is a good sized work space with natural light. The location is excellent being within 50 yards of Euston Stations for access to mainline rail services and the underground network.Definitely recomment this hotel to visitors to London.	
Jul 14 2009 	Very good experience. Looking forward to going back!!!	I have been staying at the Ibis London Euston Hotel last week with my partner for 4 days, we couldn't expect a better stay!!! Really helpful and polite staff, receptionists, barman or waiters, they have been all very friendly, smiling as well as bi-linguale which was very helpful as I am french and my partner is italian. Moreover, our room was basic but very clean which is, in my opinion, one of the most important thing in a hotel. Also, we've been quiet surprised to find some experience barman who could suggest us a nice cocktail as an aperitif. The location is great as we arrived with the Eurostar train at S. Pancras Station which is litteraly next door to the hotel so we didn't have to struggle with transport at our arrival.I will definitely go back there as well as recommend it to friends or family!!!	
Jul 12 2009	A Big Disappointment	I've stayed in Ibis Euston in 1987, the same year it was built. I was only 10 back then and my memory of it was that of cleanliness and spacious rooms. When I was planning for this summer's trip to London, Ibis was one of my choices and I trusted it to be the most suitable based on my previous experience. I was terribly disappointed staying in it for 10 days, in record breaking temperatures. The Accor Hotels website lists it as &quot;climate controlled&quot; first thing we noticed was that the AC controller was broken, and when we asked at the reception they informed us that hotel is not air conditioned! We demanded a solution because the rooms where stuffy and hot, the only solution was an electric fan to be brought into the room. Second the toilets won't flush well, you have to keep flushing them three to four times in order to clean it out. The soap was also scarce in the bathroom, the liquid soap in the shower was half filled, and one small soap was provided on the sink. There was only one trash bin available in the room, and that was the one in the bathroom. No tissue paper was provided in the room save the toilet paper in the bathroom. The carpet and floor was never vacuumed, and after the housekeeping has &quot;cleaned&quot; the room, I often find they had replaced the original towels with filthy ones. It happened that I sprained my ankle during my trip and I had to put ice on it at least twice a day; most of the staff at the bar where sympathizing and helpful, but one of them was very rude to put three ice cubes and ask us to go buy some from outside!!! (given that there is no fridge or minibar in the room)The hotel reception has all kinds of brochures that instruct the tourists to consult with the hotel reception or concierge. There is no concierge so I resorted to the reception, every time I ask them for information they don't have it and either instruct me to the telephone number on the brochure or go to the information office! Even upon leaving I needed to order an airport transport service and it was too late to do it online as instructed, I asked the reception desk and the guy they told me yes it was too late to order one online...duh! So I asked for alternatives he told me call a cab, I asked him if he can arrange for a roomy one for us since we were four travelers with four pieces of luggage, he asked me to do it my self.Finally when I was checking out I found my bill was overpriced, when I asked why the receptionist told me that we ordered the WiFi package four times, which are included in the bill. I informed her that two of those where pre-paid and the other two we the only ones supposed to appear on the bill, which she realized was true and rectified the mistake, but that made me wonder, had I not paid attention, weren't they supposed to have marked the previous payments or is it a way of making customers pay while they didn't know better. The funny thing is that she had the audacity to ask me whether I had enjoyed my stay at their hotel!To wrap it up I didn't feel that I'm getting value for money, the only good thing about the hotel is the location, other than that it really didn't live up to its description on the Accor hotels website. Keep away from it while you can.	
Jul 8 2009 	Not as good as the other reviews!	We stayed for one night - part business meeting / part leisure. As this was mid-week, the rate was £138.90 inc buffet breakfast but I think you can get cheaper at the weekend.Check-in was very slow (can't understand why it took so long!) and the room / facilities are ok but very basic. The bed was extremely uncomfortable (like a slab of thin concrete which gave my husband a bad back) and the toiletry facilities very basic - a bar of soap the size of 2 postage stamps.The one major gripe I have with this hotel (and probably for most men with short hair will not seem an issue!) is that they don't have hairdryers in the room! Asking at reception we were told they didn't have enough hairdryers and all the ones they had were out. So, I couldn't wash my hair the next day as I couldn't dry it. There were several people asking the same thing at reception and the next day you could see a lot of woman with wet hair at the buffet breakfast! I know this seems petty but if the hotel just informed you of this on booking you could have brought your own hairdryer. It doesn't add to the enjoyment of your stay not being able to wash yourself properly the next day - and as this is the 21st Century, not much to ask really. Even the most basic B&amp;Bs provide these facilities. Could tell the hotel staff are fed up answering these queries.On the plus side - if you can get the cheap weekend rate - it's a good base if you want to stay out of the more expensive touristy areas and there are plenty of Indian restaurants and nice pubs nearby.I definitely wouldn't stay at the Ibis again - but it also didn't help getting woken up at 7am with a short fire alarm!	
Jun 23 2009 	Good choice	I booked this Ibis months in advance and got a good deal. But we had to pay in advance. It was ideal for us because we were taking the Eurostar to France in the early morning and we would be able to walk over to Euston/San Pancras station. We were able to walk over to Madame Tussade's to get the Hop-On Hop-Off bus, we walked to the British Museum and to our surprise we were 5 minutes from the British Library. For us it was the ideal place. We had breakfast everymorning at the train station and you'll find some restaurants around the area for lunch and dinner. They weren't anything special.	
Jun 19 2009 	Really can't go wrong	Central location, safe neighborhood, easy to get to/from major train station and tube. My wife and I stayed here for three nights and were happy with it in general. The front desk staff was very helpful. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The shower had great water pressure. All the things I look for were there. Don't look for frills. There is a bar in the lobby, as well as a buffet, but we didn't use those too much so I can't really review them. I would so, go for it, if you're touring around the city at day and only sleeping at night, it is the perfect place. If you need some crazy pamering experience, you are out of luck.	
Jun 7 2009 	loved the atmosphere	first time in london, we loved this ibis hotel in euston great location, the staff were amazing they speak so many different languagges, very polite, very welcoming people the room was very clean and we had everything we wanted, internet, music....we are planning to go back there	
May 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel at a reasonable price and great location!	I can honestly say that this hotel is great. I have stayed in a few Ibis hotels but this one by far is the best one I have stayed in. Its right next to Euston station so its a great location for all the attractions you may want to visit. I come to London for theatre breaks and usually I do go for 4 star and pay silly prices but for once I thought I would go cheap and this only cost £35each a night and was well worth the price. The rooms are small but comfortable and I slept really well and we were next to the road but there was no noise at all to be heard. My Mum can never sleep whilst away and even she had a really good sleep for once! I would reccomend this hotel to anyone who wants a mini break away to London without paying a ridiculous price.	
May 26 2009	Good value base for a london visit	Large hotel (197 rooms I think) on a quiet street literally next door to Euston underground and rail station, 15 mins to Leicester Square by tube, rate good value if booked in advance, modern furnishings, clean, good breakfast choice. Slow service in the bar. Large open reception area. Rooms had just enough space for the bed, us and our luggage. Would have liked more choice on the TV channels. Beds were comfortable, but their foundation was pretty basic looking.	
May 25 2009 	Clean well located adn basic	Ideal location to access Euston station on foot, and st. pancras station is 5 mins away by taxi. There is also a main bus stop where you can catch many buses just outside Euston station. Euston station has a Marks and Spencer food open 24 hrs. The hotel itself was basic, same as any other Ibis. Clean, comfortable, but the staff were rude to say the least. After checking in, I was asking at the front desk about which bus can take me to oxford st. and the guy said very arrogantly, I believe his name was Bashir, &quot;I wouldn't know, I don't ride the bus.&quot; I was too shocked to respond and I thought it was very funny that they are not taught anything about hospitality. Also on the last 2 days the elevator didn't work and when it was time to check out we asked for help with the bags and they said they don't have that service. I pointed out that the elevator was down, that's why we were asking for help. So the front desk guy, after making faces, went up to help my husband and came carrying the smallest bag. It is an ok hotel with a good location just don't expect much from staff.	
May 12 2009 	ideal location - Crazy baggage reclaim experience!	my fiancee and i stayed here towards the end of April. We had booked it before we had checked the reviews and to be honest the reviews at the time were pretty scathing! for instance it stated that the que to check and the reception being manned by only person coupled with the fact that the luggage door was being left opened with kids running in and out were putting us off a wee bit!! BUT!! and i will say a bit BUT!! we arrived on the Sunday morning, found the hotel after a bit of a walk in the wrong direction so before i give my report on the place here are DIRECTIONS for anyone new wanting to stay there!! HEAD to the main door, turn right, pass puccinos (fab grub in the mornings) head to the end of the block, turn right and the Hotel is about 50 metres ahead on the opposite side of the road making the corner! NOW we found the hotel and it was early morning, went in to enquire what time we could check in and were dealt with straight away! fantastic! arrived back at the hotel at 2pm to check in and the Gent remembered us straight away! NOW!! warning!! if you are paying in cash like we were they take an extra £16 off of you as security but you get it back on check out! would have been nice if this had been made known to us prior but what the heck!!! no bother! so the room was RIGHT NEXT to the linen closet and you could hear the chamber maids clambering about first thing in the morning VERY ANNOYING but then we didn;t make it known to the managment so OUR BAD! secondly! YOU can actually feel the vibration of the tubes running under ground first thing in the morning ! i think our room number was 601 on the first floor i think! so be warned! other than that our hotel stay was fantactic up until the last dying minutes of our trip! We had checked out , NO PROBLEM left our bags with a very capable young man! watched him lock the door from the inside and return to the reception desk! arrived back some 5 hours later to get our bags as we had a plane to catch in like 4 hours!!! and the que at the desk was unbelievable!! there were at least 20 people in front of us, and at least 16 of them were trying to get their bags!! now we had heard that the tube line to take us to terminal 1 was experiencing major delays due to someone having a heartattack on one of the trains so we literally couldn't spare a moment!!I wandered over to the bar to see if someone could perhaps help us and this MANAGER with a massive scowl on her face was standing at the restaurant opening. I approached her explained our situation and was greeted with her slamming down what she had in her hand, signing very loudly and deeply and storming over to the front desk! totally arrogant!! she opened the door and THANK god my fiancee is over 6foot and just made his way in, in front of the other 16 trying to get their bags and got ours first! We checked out on a Tuesday morning and there was ONE person behind the desk! This &quot;Manager&quot; scowled at the poor gent behind the reception who was doing his level best to deal with the amount of people and a TOTAL BLONDE that wanted to know some really really STUPID stuff!!!! anyways we made our flight in time thank god! YES though we would stay here again!!!!!	
May 4 2009 	Good price and good location for business	A good hotel in London, I stayed there several times for business, not too bad, good rooms, not so large, good breakfast, good position, in front of the station.	
May 2 2009 	Give it a chance if you aren't too fussy.	The Ibis was in mid-spruce-up when we were there. They were laying new carpets on our floor. The furniture seemed new also. The tv was fine. So the room looked good, but it was small. The bed was hard. The pillows were really thin, I had to put my hoodie under the pillow to boost it up a little. The toilet didn't flush - hardly any water would flow into it. So you had to flush the toilet by filling the waste basket with water and pouring it in! We complained about this a few time to no avail. The staff at the front desk didn't seem too helpful. Also it was very noisy at night, with street noise and noise from other rooms.The structure of the place was odd too, the hallway layout seems to be a square around the middle of the building. We had to walk down two halls to get to our room.The breakfast buffet was very good though, the staff there and at the bar were very nice. So you might want to eat and drink here and stay elsewhere!	
Apr 13 2009 	great hotel great location. great deall all round	Just got back home from a great few days in London where we stayed at this hotel. The main things you'll need to know are: Great location right next to the train station (next to Euston) but can be noisy if room window is open and your room is on the same side as the train station (so might be worth asking for a rear facing room). Good room rate prices if you plan ahead and book online . Close to tube stations and Oxford Street being a 15 minute walk and Leicester Square 20 minute walk. Clean and modern rooms with nice flat screen tv. Comfy large beds. Clean fresh white bed linen. Clean bathroom (but not overly big). Rooms sufficent for two people. Check in and check out swift. Can't make comments on restaurant or bar as we never ventured to them as found breakfast prices too high to eat there. Basically, a clean and decent hotel and ideal for business or pleasure trips. Will visit again and infact would be our first choice (if can get another great low rate) If you just turn up for a room, then you will pay a much higher rate (60% more than if booked online in advance)	
Apr 13 2009	Euston is a very good place to stay	The few days at this hotel were very good. It is near a rail-station and very near to the centre of the city with the tube. Everyone at the hotel was nice and sympathic. Maybe is the breakfast angle a little bit small for 380 rooms.	
Apr 12 2009 	Very clean comfy and very well-located near Euston station.	I normally stay at a more expensive hotel five minutes up the road, but I decided to try the Ibis, based on the great reviews here. I was not disappointed. I booked the Ibis through the hotel's own website and was happy with the rate of £224 for two nights. The hotel is very easy to find and just less than five minutes' walk from Euston station. The hotel lobby is nicely presented, and the staff are very effiecient and friendly. The rooms are fine, and exactly as they appear on the website photos - Clean, bright, with a nice flat screen tv. The bed was surprisingly comfy and I had a great sleep. The bathroom was very clean and had a nice, powerful shower. Sure the hotel doesn't have the some of the luxuries of other hotels, e.g. gym, swimming pool, room service, etc, but if you want a nice, clean, functional room in a great location then you could do a whole lost worse than Ibis Euston.I didn't try any of the food, as I chose to go to the food court at Euston station ( . However, the buffet menu at the hotel restaurant seemed like good value for money (£15 for starter, main and dessert) so I will like to try that next time I stay there.All in all, I was very happy with this hotel, and I think I will be seeing a lot more of me!	
Apr 12 2009 	Functional good price good location	Just next to Euston rail station and in easy walking distance from the tube, the Ibis Euston is a good choice for a value hotel. The rooms are basic, but clean. A restauraunt is attached, but I preferred to go into town as Camden is only one stop up the tube. The queues at checkout were a little excessive, but there were some &quot;challenging&quot; guests ahead of me, so I'm giving the benefit of the doubt!	
Apr 2 2009 	Not bad at all - particularly for location	I stayed here from 30th March - 1st April, joining my boyfriend who had checked in on the 29th. The location of the hotel is excellent, literally a stone's throw from Euston station, yet is really quiet, which is excellent for a busy area, and in London, where most hotels of this standard I've stayed in before have had road noise problems. The room we stayed in (6202) was small and simple but was all we needed. The bathroom was very small - but the shower was powerful and both the bathroom and the room itself were spotlesslessy clean. The bed was relatively comfortable as well. We didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on that but it seemed popular (although when you're in a city full of restaurants, many of them excellent, I can never understand why people would be satisfied with a hotel buffet meal). I'm maybe being picky, but there wasn't a hairdryer in the room which I found a little annoying, really I think there should be one. On asking at reception they gave us one to use, however they did want a £10 deposit - a little cheeky really. Also, as I believe has been mentioned in other reviews here, there was ALWAYS, whatever time of the day or evening a massive queue of people at reception, not good. Perhaps this is a staffing issue that needs to be addressed. The staff we came across were very polite and helpful. Overall, for London this is a good value option, in a great location, I've stayed in hotels much worse for much more money. So if you're not too fussy and you're looking for something simple but clean and comfortable you won't be disappointed.	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent location for Eurostar and QUIET too	Stayed overnight before heading off to Paris on Eurostar and wanted a quiet night. The location was excellent ( just a slow 7 minute walk to the Eurostar station) and it was really rather quiet ( other hotels in this busy area are sometimes on the corners; where the buses tear around at all times of the day and night).Very French feel to this chain hotel; and so much nicer than either of the T...lodges that I used near Kings Cross.	
Mar 23 2009 	Crap hotel - pay a bit more and stay somewhere nice	Absolutely awful hotel, steer clear of it. HORRIBLE RUDE ARROGANT UNHELPFUL UNFRIENDLY STAFF who made a catalogue of mistakes one after the other and brazened their way through with no apology whatsoever. They overcharged me twice and got seriously thick when I tried to resolve it, including the manager I spoke to. In the end they refunded some - but not all - of their overcharge. I'm still arguing for them to refund the correct amount.Tiny room hadn't been decorated since 1970 by the look of it, the only plug was inside my bedroom door on the floor so to use my laptop I had to sit on the floor. No toiletries in the bathroom and only half a roll of toilet paper which was never re stocked even though staff emptied my bin 3 times over 2 days.You have to pay to watch any television. No iron in room, no iron available to bring to my room. You can walk half a mile to find the ironing room and at that the iron steam vents left stains on my clothes.Breakfast... extremely poor choice and again, bad /no serviceovercooked bacon, cheap horrible processed sausages I wouldn't even give to my dog. If you could believe it --- a jug of sour milk left beside the tea machine (this milk had just been taken out of the fridge, it was so sour it was actually curdled on the top). Toaster machines not working - either don't work at all, or burn one side and leave the other side untoasted.Overall I had a horrible experience at this hell hole. I wish I had paid more money and stayed somewhere decent.Ibis are trying to be the ryanair of the hotel world.... they'll need to try a lot harder.	
Mar 20 2009 	Good Location!! Good Food!!	Location of this hotel was very good. Very near to Euston station. The reception service was a bit slow. There was long queue for check in. Food was good and reasonably price. Rooms were small but clean and tidy. Our room window opened towards a construction site and it was quiet noisy during the day time. Overall good hotel.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good hotel	Stayed here with a group on 15-16 March 2009. Comfortable hotel located near Euston station. This hotel offers what you would expect from an Ibis.	
Mar 15 2009 	Ideal location and good value for money	We boooked two rooms next to each other, reception was very busy when we arrived, it took us 10 minutes to get our rooms, staff was pleasant and freindly. Breakfast offered a good variety of hot, cold and healty options. We will certianly go back.	
Mar 15 2009 	good location	Stayed for five days on business. check in took quite a well, about ten people waiting to be checked in. Room was fine but the double bed seemed to separate if you laid right in the middle, i guess it was two mattresses pushed together. Room was cleaned every day and tea and coffee supplied. One thing that did irritate me was when i tried to use my laptop, the ethernet cable isnt long enough to stretch to the bed so you either have to sit at the table or juggle the laptop on the edge of the bed - not good if you want to relax and use laptop. Also, internet connection was flaky.Restaurant was ok, i chose the buffet for the first two days dinner but found this was pretty poor in selection, so after that had a steak from the menu which was ok.Staff in the restaurant were nice, polite and attentive. The room was basic but fine for what i needed it for and was in an excellent location, being just across the road ffrom Euston station, literally 30 seconds walk.	
Mar 1 2009 	Check in staff NO NO	If you are like me and dont appreciate unpleasant staff then be aware. We got off to a bad start the moment i went to check in by Vinjay, at reception who did not say anything, just raised his eybrows to gesture me to the desk. When I stood waiting for some instruction or a &quot;welcome to the Ibis&quot;he just said YES! in a very unpleasant manner. Hmmm here we go off to a bad start. Ay way things didnt improve as he then went through the booking system, not 1 question except for 2 words....&quot;Credit card&quot; I kept myself together by thinking he must be really sad to have to treat people like this, never mind all the usual thought going through my mind about customer service,aswell as if he doesnt like it here then leave and repeat business etc etc.Anyway...room was efficient, rest of staff were in the main ok but very strained as it was busy and the waiter who did breakfast was working really hard when knives,,,forks,,spoons..milk...juice all ran out (I could go on)and trying to be polite which makes a difference (take note VINJAY)There were other members of the staff who were just going through the motions but I hope you get the impression.Anyway, if your happy to stay and not be concerned about service attitude then its okay, if you like the odd please and thank you in return, then probably not.	
Feb 23 2009 	Poor check-in but okay after that!	The hotel is in an excellent location just across the road from the side door of Euston train station. You really couldn't get any closer.I arrived at 5pm after an all-day meeting to find a bit of a queue at check-in. Two people on the desk serving and 4 people queueing. Eventually a 3rd person helped out with checking people in and the queue moved slightly faster. My check-in took longer than necessary even though the room and breakfast had been paid for in advance and I didn't even need to hand over a credit card. The delay was mainly due to other guests nabbing the person serving to sort out other small problems (eg key cards not working, being given rooms that hadn't been cleaned) whilst I was filling in the guest registration card. I was given a slip for a complimentary drink without asking to make up for the length of time I had been standing in the queue.I eventually got a room key (by this point I was running late to meet colleagues) and I quickly went to the room only to find a male guest standing by the bed folding his trousers. Thank goodness he was still wearing a pair... Back down to reception to report this where I was asked if I'd definitely gone to the right room which I found insulting and also slightly worrying if my key card could open other rooms. Another eky was produced for another room and this time I knocked before entering! Thankfully no one was in this one but I did make sure my door was locked before I went for a very quick shower as I was now running 30 mins late. The shower was a disaster as the cleaner had left the shower head facing out of the bath and so I got a face full of water whilst standing outside the shower and therefore flooded the bathroom. It was not a good start.My room looked into the centre of the building and therefore onto an open topped atrium for want of a better description. I was convinced my window was open as I could clearly hear all the announcements coming from Euston train stations PA system. However the window was definitely shut. I wore earplugs that night as I do in all hotels and slept soundly however people who are light sleepers may be disturbed by Euston station being so close.Breakfast did not go smoothly as again there was quite a queue to be seated and the person on duty couldn't find my name on the list as having paid for breakfast. This was probably due to the room change but was yet another niggle with the hotel.I had another all day meeting but I decided to not leave my luggage in the left luggage room at reception after noting children running in and out of the unlocked room whilst I was waiting to check in the previous day. I thought it would be safer to leave my luggage (and laptop) in the Euston left luggage facility which does charge but is at least secure!	
Feb 12 2009 	break away with friend..	The hotel is in the ideal location next to Euston station. This is my first stay at an Ibis hotel, and although the room was very basic it was just fine for the 2 days we were there. The room (425) was very small, the smallest hotel room i have ever stayed in, but it was clean, and the maid did a great job. Towels are small and hard, so i suggest you take your own for comfort. All staff except one seemed really friendly and helpful, I didn't like the attitude of one of the staff on reception, her answer when i asked if extra pillows were possible was 'of course you can have more pillows don't cry about it' which was said in a sarcastic manner... she needs more training on customer service.... The food was great, the breakfast is well worth the money, and the wine by the bottle was very reasonably priced at £11.25 for house white. All in all great 2 days and great friendly hotel.	
Feb 7 2009 	Near train 	2nd time I've been to Ibis London Euston. The main reason is its location, just across the street is Euston Station, a huge train/tube station. From there it's very easy to go to London's landmarks.And it's an Ibis hotel, relatively cheap for London, clean, small rooms and regular service.Forget about having meals in the hotel as Euston Station has a good food court where you can have pastries, sandwiches, fast-food and coffee. There's also a small Mark's &amp; Spencer where you can buy food including cold sandwiches and fruits.	
Feb 1 2009 	Good value for money	Budget hotel in convenient location near tube and Euston/St. Pancras train stations. Russell Square and British Museum are a short stroll away. Plenty of restaurants nearby, walking distance to Soho and Trafalgar Square. Service was efficient. Room was clean, well furnished and functional, although a bit small even for European standards. Overall, an excellent value for money and a good experience.	
Jan 22 2009 	What more do you need?!	This hotel is located very conveniently to Euston station which is very handy for the underground and all national rail services. I just stayed here for one night on business and have to say that the service was fantastic. The food was just what you need after being in meetings all day and the room was spacious and really quiet for a good nights sleep. The breakfast was just enough to start the day. Obviously if you are looking for something for a romantic break or holiday then I wouldn't recommend this place but if you are going to London for 1-2days on business or visiting someone this place is ideal.Good job!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great 2nd Stay	From the easy bookiing in direct via the website to checking in everything was plain sailing. The location of this ibis is the main attraction being so close to Euston really makes up for any shortfallings this hotel may have.Yeah the rooms aren't massive but plenty big enough for the amount of time you spend in them. Nice flat screen t.v. and clean bathroom with great shower.Breakfast was a bit expensive for what you got not a traditional english but a really good continental. Overall we had a really good visit to the ibis.	
Jan 1 2009 	Smallest Room Ever	We recently stayed in this hotel as part of a holiday in London and the South West of England.When we were allocated a room it turned out to be the smallest double room I have ever seen in a hotel, &quot;swinging a cat &quot;comes to mind. When I complained I was informed that &quot;all the rooms were this size&quot;. Not so, as I had seen the inside of at least 2 other rooms. After some deliberations behind reception we were given another room, which was bigger.I would strongly advise people to give the &quot;La Table&quot; restaurant a miss. The only thing french about it was the name. The food was disgusting. It seems they have revived the old skill of making everything taste like cardboard. It is a buffet style restaurant with everything lying under lights on the counter. Anything with a sauce had a congealed skin on it. The staff stirred it around from time to time. The only thing hot was a fresh joint that was produced while we were there. All the vegetables were luke warm and if you closed your eyes you would not be able to tell which vegetable you were eating (all tasteless).On the positive side the hotel is convenietly located for all central London areas of interest due to the proximity of the Euston underground station.I will look for another hotel on my next visit.	
Dec 6 2008 	15 min satisfaction contract -not honoured	The broadband cable connection in my room 212 was missing and when I got one it was defective and did not work. I had to call the engineer at 18:30 26/11. He managed to get it working after about 30mins 19:05 26/11. This does include the time without a lead. I asked the reception desk about the 15 min service gurantee and was told that room network connection was NOT covered by this promise. I challenged her on this but she was adamant and not willing to discuss further. This is in clear conflict with [--]I have tried to contact Accorhotels using their web based mail without success.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great first time stay	We stayed here for our first time stay in London and it has to be said it was a great little place to stay. We stayed there for 2 nights over the weekend and the location was perfect for our sight-seeing tour, it's directly opposite Euston station and just around the corner to Euston Square station. The room is small but really clean andwell kept, the staff were friendly and helpful, the breakfast runs until midday so you have time for a lay in and still be able to have breakfast. Definitely be staying there in the future.	
Nov 20 2008	Great Value- Ideal Location	Have just returned home from an excellent weekend in London, which included attending a wedding of a friend. Having searched the internet thoroughly for some good value in hotel stays in and around London Central we decided to take a chance on the Ibis at Euston. We flew into Heathrow and took the Tube into Euston Square which is just around the corner from Euston Central Station and the Ibis Hotel. The Hotel itself is down a little side street but opposite the entrance to the train station. First impressions were good with a nice atmosphere and a buzz around the foyet. Staff were friendly and helpful and the rooms were small and basic but ideal for what we required them for. We used the bar and restaurant on a number of occasions and were pleased with the service and food there. All in all we were very pleased with our stay, thought it to be excellent value and well run. Also if you are not afraid to use the Tube around London you are right on Euston Station doorstep and 5-10 minutes away from everything. We would have no problem returning there and would recommend it to anyone visiting central London and on a budget.	
Oct 27 2008 	Absolute Bargain	I have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and I have to say I cannot fault it.The location is perfect, just outside Euston station, yes you can hear the faint bing bongs of the announcements from th station but that stops about 11pm and lets face it who spends all day in their hotel room in London anyway!!? Underground line from Euston took us to Leicester sq in under 10mins!!!The whole hotel was modern clean and tidy, with a large bar area and restaurant.Check in was quick, we had booked a double room but were given a twin by mistake....one quick phone call to reception and they offered us another room within minutes. Had a couple of probs with the keys but th staff were more than helpful and had it resolved quickly! Room wasn't massive but was functional with tea and coffee and tv and had a nice good size bathroom with a lush shower, all very modern. Breakfast-£6.95 each, Its an all u can eat buffet with a great selection, probably one of the best breakfasts i've had in a hotel in a long time... they do a few hot things but you might want to avoid it if you have ur heart set on a fry up!!!Would I stay here again? absolutley....great experience, great value for money and great location what more could you want in London!!!!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Alright for an overnight	This Ibis is very convenient for Euston and King's Cross stations. I have stayed a few times on business when it was important to be convenient for the station, and once or twice on my own account when trying to economise. It is, nevertheless, usually one of the more expensive Ibis hotels in London. It's right beside Euston, so be aware of the possibility of noise from the trains. In appearance, it's a &quot;bog-standard&quot; Ibis, with a recently refurbised reception and two wings of bedrooms. The older wing, closer to the front of hte hotel, has rooms with baths; the newer wing has shower-only rooms, located a bit further back (but still subject to noise from the bins, which seem to get emptied in the small hours of the morning by staff who don't realise people sleep in a hotel). Reception is OK, in my experience, but there are often long queues to check in/out. I've been left waiting by reception staff who obviously have more important things to do than serve the customer sometimes. Bedrooms are clean and simple but small. It would start to get a bit trying if there are two or more of you in the one room and you're staying more than 3 or 4 nights, so I'd really only recommend this hotel for a short stay. The breakfast offering has been revamped in the last year or so and has gone way downhill. My advice would be to get something to eat in Euston station or in one of the many local cafes.	
Oct 20 2008	Utterly basic	Before I booked this hotel I made an extensive search for London hotels. We wanted a clean, modern place, close to a tube station. Hotels in the centre of the city were all horrendously expensive. We chose the Ibis Euston because it was next to the tube station, and situated North of the centre. It was definitely not the cheapest 3-star hotel available. This hotel is fine for business travellers on a budget, who only want to overnight - or people with zero expectations. We stayed there for 8 nights. - The room was absolutely, absolutely basic. I.e it has a bed, a TV, loo, bath/shower, washbasin, a railing to hang clothes, shelves, and a wireless keyboard. - No shampoo, no hairdryer. 2 small, thin towels, and a small thin floor towel. 1 teeny little soap. 2 plastic water glasses. A soap dispenser which sort of worked. A bed with a sheet, duvet, and 2 pillows. The usual hotel guides on where, what and how. Nothing else. Not even a picture on the wall. It did not have a complimentary newspaper or a coffee/tea-maker in the room, as reported by other websites.- Other reviewers commented that the wireless connection is impossibly slow. True. - The room was small. We could not stand beside each other at the foot of the bed. We shuffled to the bathroom one at a time. - There is nothing to see. Our room faced a backyard and brick wall. - The term used on the Ibis website to describe the room is &quot;aircooled&quot;. They mean it. The room was not &quot;airconditioned&quot;. Fiddling with a little knob on the wall made zero difference to the temperature. The window only opened a little bit so we propped it open with a rolled-up magazine. - You could feel the vibration of the trains pulling into the tube all the time. This stops only for a few hours late at night.- The hotel loads its trucks directly under the rooms - starting at about 06:00 in the morrnings.- Other reviewers commented that the breakfast is inedible. True. We tried it once. It included things that may have been eggs...or possibly hash browns... or flapjacks? Thereafter, we ate breakfast at the Subway bar at the station across the road at a third of the price, or at the Italian bistro next to that. Pretty good coffee and good service in both places. On the good side (which is why I almost gave it 3 stars):- The room was very clean and worked perfectly.- The bathroom was pristine every day, even though the bath's fascia was loose and the shower curtain a bit mouldy. - There was plenty of loo paper every day. - The bed was made fresh every day. - There was plentry of hot water and good water pressure in the shower.- The hotel as a whole seemed to be efficient and in good repair. - The location of the hotel is really extremely convenient and cut our travel costs considerably. Right next to the station is a small Nepalese restaurant (&quot;The Great Nepalese Restaurant&quot;) - which is unimpressive from the outside, but actually great. Personally I though the room was not worth the cost (more than 80 pounds per room.) We booked into an hotel close to Heathrow for considerably less, and was delighted with a large, lovely room with a range of bathroom goodies, a bed to die for and even complimentary hot chocolate, bottled water, juice and magazines. And really good food in the hotel restaurant. Check that little picture on the Ibis website of a room ...look carefully. As bare and small as it is on the photos, so bare and small it is in reality.	
Sep 29 2008 	Disapointed	Hotel convient for Kings Cross and Euston stations. Reception area clean and bright. Bedroom small and basic with no hairdryer. Stayed here last year and were happy to go back but standards didn't appear to be the same. Breakfast at £6.95 was disappointing. Only 3 cooked items and in my opinion a poor contintenal style option. Will not be booking again.	
Sep 28 2008 	Loved the Ibis	Ibis Euston SquareSept 14thWe stayed at Ibis Euston Square for one night in September and were very satisfied with our stay. Is it about a 2 minute walk from Euston station and 15 from King's Cross. The price was 85£ per night, which is average for a Saturday night in that type of hotel. We were very impressed with the bathroom, which was a step higher than the actual room. The shower was stunning, very large with double glass doors and a power shower. The room itself was comfortable, clean and practical.We've had a few problems with Internet though. There is no wi-fi in the hotel, thus only offering Internet with a cable that doesn't even reach the bed. We had to sit at the desk (I know we are supposed to do so anyway, but after a long day, a bed is just more comfy than a plastic chair). We were a little disappointed at that, considering that they charge 10£ for it. Otherwise, there was a flatscreen tv that worked perfectly fine.Otherwise, the breakfast was fine. Meat, eggs, bread, cereals and fruits were available. Maybe not worth 7.50£ per person, but it won't get cheaper anywhere else for a buffet. The bar was nice too. I would certainly book there again if I had to stay in the area in the future, especially since I just got an Accor Member card since I am so satisfied with all Ibis I've booked at.The only thing with Ibis (in general, not just that hotel) is the long and never-ending check-in. But that's part of the deal of booking in a non-expensive hotel, I guess. Nothing to complain about anyway.	
Sep 20 2008 	Recommended	Stayed in this hotel Thursday through to Saturday. Arrived about 11.00 am but were still able to check into our room. Room was smallish but spotlessly clean and more than adequate.We had a problem with the bath - plug was broken! Someone came along within ten minutes - but couldn't solve it until 50 minutes had elapsed. Because Ibis have a policy whereby if they can't solve a problem within 15 minutes, the room is on them- we asked (cheekily) if the room was free that night - and sure enough they agreed to that.Breakfast good value at £6.95Fire alarm went off in the night for maybe 30 seconds - a nuisance but better the alarm works than it doesn't!We valued the left luggage facility.	
Sep 19 2008 	Just about OK for a night or two	The fact that this hotel isn't terrible must surely be credit to the management and staff.It is just a little better than a travel lodge, and a long way behind Premier Inn standardsThe entrance, the bar and the restaurant have all been upgraded recently and are impressive, but the rooms leave a bit to be desired. We British put up with some lousy products and services.The carpet was badly stained and grubby, and on the whole the accomodation is badl in need of a major overhaul along the lines of the entrance and bar.That said, if you are only staying a short while and arriving at Euston, then its OK, but don't expect the rooms to match the initial impressions.	
Sep 3 2008 	Would recommend to budget travellers	Ì stayed here for 3 nights with my sister. The location couldn't have been better for us. The hotel is across a small road from the side entrance to Euston train station. Whe we arrived first we were told we might not be able to stay in a twin room (which we had requested) so straight away our guards where up! Eventually the staff on reception organised a family room for us. The rooms were a decent size and clean (apart from the kettle which was manky - but we didn't use it anyway!) The bathroom was &quot;pod-like&quot;. Very small but had everything in that we needed -the shower was great! The food in the hotel was ok. We had breakfast one morning (buffet style with hot and cold options - not much left when we went down at 10:30) we also had dinner in the hotel another night (again buffet style with salads, joints of meat, fish, pasta, veg and a selection of desserts). There are lots of restaurants and sandwich bars (including a Subway) in the train station too. The staff in the hotel were very helpful also as we needed to get some emails and faxes through to us on the Saturday. The services in the room were great. We were tired after a day shopping in town one night so we ordered some films to the room (unlimited amount of films for 24 hours for just 10 pound). It is hardly 5 star but definitely one I'd recommend to anyone travelling to London on a budget. One thing I would say is that the cleaning staff were a little over eager to get in and clean the rooms. One morning we were awoken at 8:45am (not good after a night in Soho!)	
Aug 31 2008 	A great base	Stayed here for 3 nights in February. The hotel is near to the tube Station which means you can hear some noise (a slight shuddering) but you soon get used to it and seems to be settleing after a while! Hotel is basic but clean and perfectly formed with tea/coffee facilties, clean towels every day etc (corridors look a bit like a prison block though but don't be put off!) staff were friendly enough. Overall a great location for a decent price in London! We would stay again as it is a great base.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great for an overnight stay	We stayed for two seperate nights before travelling on Eurostar. the hotel is ideally placed for Euston station and only a short walk from St Pancras. It was perfectly fine for an overnight stay. The rooms were basic but clean. Reception staff were a bit indifferent, but there are one or two pleasant and helpful ones there! In fact the chap on duty at 0600am was rather too cheerful at that early hour!This is our 4th visit to this hotel, for value for money and closeness to Euston station it can't really be beaten.	
Jul 16 2008 	Does what it says on the tin!	Stayed here for one nite whilst over at the Jonathan Ross show. The location was excellent, being just 2 minutes from Euston Station, which provided easy access to Kings Cross St Pancras, for the train to Luton Airport.The hotel was fine for a one nite budget stopover, at £95 for the room. The reception was modern and staff were fine. The room was very small however, and the bathroom a bit dingy, with just 2 towels. No hairdryer in the room either...you got that at reception.Overall, the experience was fine...a decent little budget hotel, well located to the underground..	
Jul 13 2008 	Good location for Euston......but that's about it! OK for budget stay	This hotel is OK if you want a budget stay....but be prepared as that is what it is. There are constantly long queues in reception and the staff are generally useless. I had a number of problems with my booking, resulting in being claled numerous times on my second evening (on my mobile) saying my credit card had been rejected and I needed to come backl to sort it......they had messed up and thought I'd forgotten to pay (despite the fact my room was still full of my stuff and my booking was clearly for 2 nights).The room itself was OK. Small - but then you are in central London. Very basic but it was clean. Don't expect many towels or pillows or anything like that and if you need extras you must go and collect yourself in reception. However if all you need is a base by Euston you can't get closer than this hotel.There is also internet use in the lobby for a small charge which is really useful.Overall I probably wouldn''t bother stayign here again, unless I had a bargain price.	
Jul 10 2008 	Terrible customer service	To start with the good points - the hotel is extremely well located (about 2 minutes walk from Euston station) and compared to other extortionate London hotel prices it's relatively cheap. From the outside the hotel looks smart and the lobby is modern and clean.The bad points - first and foremost the customer service throughout the hotel leaves a lot to be desired. On arrival there was a large queue at reception - we had to queue for 30 minutes just to check-in. We thought we had just been unlucky hitting a busy period, but over the three days we stayed at the hotel there were always queues at the desk (one other guest even brought a book to read to kill the time queuing!).Our room was clean, nothing exceptional - quite small, but this was to be expected. However the air conditioning vent was taped up (thankfully it was a typical English summer weekend so it wasn't required anyway) and the shower gel dispenser didn't work. We reported this to reception and were told it would be fixed during the day - this did not happen. We reported the same fault to reception the next day and an engineer was sent to fix the shower, rather than the dispenser. Eventually at the third time of asking the dispenser was fixed.A chargeable laundry service is provided, although we were surprised to find that the charge does not include delivering laundry to the room - instead it has to be collected from reception, which means more queuing. We had to collect the laundry a 11pm when the queues had died down.Our room wasn't cleaned on one of the three days we spent at the hotel, again requiring a call to reception - I was amazed that something so basic as cleaning the room and changing the towels could be forgotten.Overall was one of the worst hotel experiences I have had in recent years, we wished we had booked into the newly-built Travelodge or Premier Inn which are equally close to Euston. The location is great but in my experience the standard of service is terrible.	
Jul 2 2008 	Excellent Value for Money!!	This was my first visit to London and my boyfriend booked 3 nights at the Ibis Euston through their website (3 night deal).We had an early morning flight from Belfast so we arrived at 10am and were able to check in at this time, which was great news.The room was small but adequate for our short stay. Spotlessly clean, comfortable bed, powerful shower, clean towels on a daily basis, flat screen TV and complimentary tea and coffee. The only fault was no hair dryer in the room but managed to borrow one from the reception for the duration of my stay.The hotel is literally across the road from the tube station and only a few stops away from the centre of London. Great hotel if like us you're planning to spend most of your time sightseeing and really just need somewhere to put the head down. We would definitely consider staying again.	
Jun 25 2008 	A Very Sound Choice!	I've stayed in Ibis hotels in Paris in the past and they were excellent for the money, and I am pleased to say my experience at this London branch was consistent with what I found in Ibis's native France. The Euston property (now renamed Euston St Pancras) is literally metres away from Euston railway station and about 5 minutes walk from St Pancras International. Excellent therefore if you are travelling in from the North of England, Scotland or Eurostar as the main rail terminals are literally on your doorstep. Euston itself serves the Northern and Victoria Lines of the Underground so the West End is reachable by Tube in less than 15 minutes.The lobby area is bright and cheerful and I found the staff friendly and willing to help. Confusingly the hotel is divided into two sections, the smaller of which is accessed by a single lift which seemed to take and age to arrive and was always overcrowded - this was the section that I was staying in. However, the rooms were clean and spacious with a wet-room type bathroom (shower only). I would have preferred a bath, but this I suppose is the Contintiental influence of the Ibis chain.Food I can't comment on as I always eat out in Soho - it's usually much better value than the hotel's own restaurant - plus there is a big cluster of Indian restaurants in the Euston area (on Drummond Street; literally yards from this hotel) which are very good. Drink was quite reasonably priced for a Central London hotel - which was a surprise! Although there a few quaint little pubs dotted around the area.Gripes - well the air conditioner in my room was difficult to control, and my window was on the main road, and although it was double glazed the noise from the public address system in Euston Station was leaking into the room. Annoying trying to watch TV whilst hearing that the Virgin Pendolino service to Glasgow Central is now boarding on Platform 5......Overall is what Travel Inn used to be like before it went upmarket (and in my opinion overpriced) as Premier Inn. At £85 a night per room this is good value for Central London. Thorougly recommended.	
Jun 14 2008 	Good location- good hotel	The Ibis Euston is a comfortable hotel, very centrally located in the heart of London. It's very much what you come to expect from an Ibis hotel anywhere and that's comforting. Breakfast is good. Conference facilities are good. Choice of wireless broadband (through Orange) or LAN. It costs £9.99 for it and included in that are movies for 24 hours. Reception staff were not the friendliest - I think they were being trained.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great place for getting your head down	Hubby and I stayed at the Ibis Euston for one night when we came to London for a Concert with some friends. We had three rooms booked - one for one night and two for two nights.We were in room 6201 on the second floor. The room looked into an inner court yard so it was nice and quiet. We wanted somewhere where could shower, change and go out. It was really easy to get to. Straight off the tube and the hotel is behind the station.Check in was quick and efficient. The rooms were basic and clean and all that we needed - a bed, a TV and a shower! Beds were comfortable, rooms were clean, bathroom was clean with a nice big shower pod. There is showergel in a pump system on the wall of the shower and a bar of soap. Didn't need anything else as we took our own toiletries. There was one towel per person to cut back in washing for environmental reasons which is fine by me, but if you want another towel, just ask reception. We had breakfast at the hotel which was cereal, pastries, fruit salad, yoghurts, sausages and bacon turnovers. Nothing out of the ordinary. I would opted for the express checkout as there was quiet a que in the morning. We came back from a day of shopping and showered in our friends room in the otherside of the hotel as they were stayiing for two nights. They had an older room as it had a conventional bathroom, not a pod. But again, it was simple and clean. The lounge area was nice and the bar seemed busy. There is parking at the hotel. We had to pick our car up from North London as it had been in a graphics place and they charge £15.00 for 24hours in their underground parking which was secure. Ideal!It does exactly what it does on the tin with no frills - just clean and tidy and a place to get your head down.	
May 28 2008 	A great experience	A friend had recommended me to the Ibis and I'm glad he did. It's a stones throw from Euston Station and I'm pleased to say I couldn't fault it. The reception staff were efficient and polite, I had a nice big single room and the bathroom were spotless. I was out at several functions which meant I had a lie-in on a couple of warnings but wasn't disturbed by the cleaning teams - and even if I didn't leave my room until late morning/early afternoon, it was still cleaned. The service at breakfast was also excellent with a good range of food and the staff were really superb sometimes coping with a massive influx of people and an occasional difficult customer calmly and professionally. Very good..I would certainly go again.	
May 26 2008 	OK for the price	Stayed 3 nights post-cruise in late April - 1st time to London. Location was excellent...especially for transportation with Euston Stattion and St. Pancras bus terminal next door. British Museum in walking distance. Lobby area was clean and bright. We thought the food offerings were too expensive for what they looked to be so skipped that - several nice pubs nearby (London Pub, Royal George &amp; Euston Flyer) plus fast food at Euston Station. Check-in was very efficient but hampered a bit by language problems. Most of the front desk staff seemed to be east-European with limited English skills.Room was very tiny by American standards but having just come off a cruise ship seemed large enough compared to the cabin there. No problems with cleanliness. Bathroom was like one big modular pre-fab unit with one step up. Furnishings were very &quot;Ikea&quot;. Bed was comfortable enough but was single mattress on wood platform. The TV was very cool (LCD with alarm clock features) and the 9.95 pound internet &amp; unlimited movies package was good since I needed to contact work via email. Choice ot TV stations was very limited.Real problem was temperature control in the room. Arrived on a very warm day for London and the room was very hot. A/C unit would not cool at all. Contacted front desk and they eventually sent someone (from India?) who tried it and insisted on setting it to blow heat and did not understand why we wanted it cooler. Eventually only option was a desk fan and open the window....except that the room was above back door of kitchen where the cooks hung out and smoked. Fortunately the next two days were cooler outside.Saw long checkout lines every day around 8-9am so we checked out at 6:30am with only 3 people ahead of us.For 75 to 91 pounds in London (depending on day of week) this was as good as we could do and had to put up with the rough spots. That's just the way it seems to be in seriously expensive London.	
May 26 2008	Hard to beat value for money	I do not recognise the hotel described by Insanity-im from Seattle although I stayed there only last week. What I found was a hotel which provided excellent value for money, bedrooms which were spotlessly clean, of a good size, had comfortable beds, adequate storage space, complimentary tea and coffee and an up-to-date TV. Firmly closing the double glazed window and turning-on the individually controlled air conditioning which was almost silent, shut out all street and station noise. Compact bathrooms were sparkling clean, the showers were efficient and there was no shortage of hot water.Booking was made on-line in advance and the room rate, payable on arrival, was 95 GB Pounds. The booking could have been cancelled up to 24 hours before arrival, without penalty. I doubt if a bargain such as this is available in any other capital city, especially given that these rooms accommodate two persons comfortably. Unexpectedly, and due to a Belgian Railways strike, we had to stay in this same hotel five nights later, without having a prior reservation. On this occasion the &quot;walk-in&quot; rate was 135 GB Pounds which, in my opinion, is still good value.As to what is, and is not, provided in the bathrooms, it is quite wrong to say that there is no shampoo or soap but only toilet paper and towels. A small tablet of soap is provided when using the wash basin and a wall-mounted container of hair/body shampoo is provided in the shower cubicle. Yes, it is the case that no hand towels are provided. Each room has 2 bath towels only, but a prominently displayed notice tells guests that this is for environmental purposes and that additional towels can be requested at any time during the stay.I would like to conclude, if I may, by providing some information for Insanity-im from Seattle, who tells us in his/her review that they went upstairs after breakfast to shower. Should they happen to read this review, they should please be advised that in the United Kingdom it is our practise (British spelling) to shower BEFORE breakfast. I feel sure that, in the event of their making a return visit, their fellow guests in whichever hotel they chose to stay, will appreciate it very much if they follow our example.	
May 25 2008	Staff uncaring	Having received the chance to run in the london marathon I was equally thrilled that after two years I would see my sister who lives in England. To cut a long story short this never happened due to the shortcomings of the staff AND when I wrote to complain to the hotel they didn't even bother to reply! Even when I asked to see the manager he was apparently too busy.My advice don't go there	
May 14 2008 	As good as all ohter IBIS hotels in the world	I have been to several IBIS hotels and this one is as good as the others I used to stay before. Clean and functional rooms with attached bathroom and TV.I stayed 3 nights in room # 225. Breakfast was very good.As I wrote here above, I was not surprised. The hotel is similar to all other IBIS hotels I stayed before.Helpful staff at the reception.I booked more than 1 month in advance via the hotel website and paid for me and for my wife £ 223.95 (€ 286,-) breakfast included for 3 nights. This price is not expensive for a city like London which is one of the three most expensive cities in the world as far as hotel booking is concerned (Tokyo and Moscow are more expensive).Hotel is located at 50 m from Euston Underground Station and at 150 m from Euston Square Underground Station. Excellent location for the travellers arriving from Saint Pancras Eurostar Station.Room was quite and clean.Should I go again to this hotel ? Absolutely !	
Apr 13 2008	Terrible	This hotel is a train wreck. I don't know if I could adequately put to words exactly how avoidable the experience is, so I'll just make a list of incidents in the order of occurrence from when I stepped in, to when I stepped out.1) The rate is 110 pounds a night, including internet supposedly paid up front.2) The Internet in the room ( not wireless ) was broken on arrival due to problems, though an engineer was 'working on it'. This did eventually get fixed. As a small side note, there is no complimentary shampoo, soap, or ... anything outside of toilet paper and towels.3) The trains from Euston station are audible from the second floor, where we stayed. Fantastic.4) During breakfast I was reflecting on how powder-like the eggs were, when a fellow guest experienced a robbery attempt. A thief knocked over her purse while dropping his wallet and tried to grab her wallet while picking his own up. The thief was caught and yelled at by another guest, not the staff, and the guest chased him out while the staff basically did nothing. I hasten to add that the hero guest actually announced to everyone in earshot that the hotel is actually 'notorious' for this kind of thing.5) We went upstairs after breakfast to change and shower etc, and...I'm not joking...the fire alarm went off while I was in the bathroom. My wife and I dutifully went out our room, noticed the floor's fire doors had swung shut, went down the stairs, and outside the building. After noticing no-one in any state of alarm outside the building we walked into the lobby again and asked the front desk what happened. They were surprised to hear that there was an alarm, and told us that sometimes this happens because of hair dryers. Right. Furthermore, there was barely any kind of apology or anything for this obviously unsettling incident.6) After returning to the hotel late that evening, and unfortunately missing the local pubs' food serving hours, we were stuck with food at the Ibis 'la table' restaurant. After waiting 20 minutes or so, we were rudely passed over in queue by the staff for a seat. We did eventually get seated, and apart from the nearly inedible, salty, putrid salmon they were serving, dinner went OK.7) We were concerned about public transport to the airport due to the London marathon being on the next day, so we asked if the hotel offered any shuttle service to Heathrow. I got a flat 'no' and no further ideas or options on how to get to airport. Does this sound hospitable to you? 8) On checkout, the Ibis staff tried to charge us for the 'included' internet which was broken for half of the first day we were there. We protested, they acted as if this was standard operating procedure and didn't charge us. I'm sure they try charging everyone. The room was dry, and no-one tried to break in. Other than that, there is not much I would say to recommend this place over a shack with a good roof in the country side. Do not stay here. With so many hotels in London I am shocked that this hotel continues to operate.	
Apr 5 2008 	Never again	This property has a great location next to Euston Station. Unfortunately, that is just about the only positive thing I have to say about this property. The lobby is rather deceiving as it is clean, bright, and modern. The hallway to our room was dated and unclean. Our room was alright. The size was fine and the sleeping area was reasonably modern but the bathroom was equipped with only two towels which were quite thin and stained. No amenities were provided save a small bar of hand soap. We were harassed by a hotel employee upon two occasions while returning to the hotel. He questioned whether we were guests both times and was very rude. Another hotel employee entered our home without waiting for us to respond to his brief knock. Furthermore, we had trouble with our bill upon checkout and spent several days upon return to the States working to resolve it. We will not be staying at another Ibis property.	
Apr 3 2008	Functional decent value	The Ibis Euston is functional but solid and not a rip-off. Rooms are basic, clean and its location next to Euston is handy, particularly for domestic travellers. Other London hotels rarely fail to disappoint me: often over-priced and poor quality compared to other major cities. I don't usually go for chain hotels, but the Ibis at Euston is a safe bet.	
Mar 26 2008 	Good experience	My boyfriend and I spent a weekend in this hotel in London, and we had a good experience. The room was clean, the toilet was ok (even if without a hairdryer! It's better if you bring one with you, they're not always able to find it for you with so many rooms), there was also the tv. Very good location, just in front of the Euston Station. On the last day you can leave your luggages for the daytime.	
Feb 29 2008 	comfy bed	Really comfy beds great nights sleep. Very close to Euston and St pancras so ver convenient. Efficient check in but long queues at check out 50 plus people, leading me to just leave my keys on the counter as I had paid in advance and had a meeting to get to. Breakfast is below average but was good price hotel for London on a bed and breakfast rate so can't complain really.	
Feb 29 2008 	Ideal location	Stay here whenever I'm in London on business (as long as it's not fully booked).This time my train from Manchester came in on Platform 12 so it only took me three minutes, on foot, from the train to the hotel reception -- great!Hotel rooms are similar to any Ibis. The room had recently been refurbished but no major changes in layout or decor, except for new TV, which, unlike most UK hotels, has channels in French, Spanish and German.Price has gone up since Eurostar came to St Pancras but it's still good value for money.	
Feb 24 2008 	Wouldn't go again	Stayed for one night. It's in a convienient place, BUT.......no-one told us when we checked in that there was hammering and drilling on our corridor, so the room was useless until after 5pm; the tray of half eaten food left outside a door was still there the next morning; and the whole place was unbearably hot - nice if you like sleeping in the tropics........I don't - and there's no way of controlling the temperature in your room without leaving the window open - and I wasn't doing that while we were out in the evening. Somewhere else for us next time.	
Feb 7 2008 	Good basic hotel	I stayed here in January for two nights mid-week on business. A very pleasant experience.The hotel is less than 50 yards from the side entrance to Euston Station.Reception was quick and pleasant.The room was large and clean. It looked out onto the station so there was a bit of noise in the morning but even with the window open it was acceptable. I had two very good nights' sleep. I am a huge fan of Ibis beds. They are so comfortableIbis breakfasts have improved since I last stayed there. It used to be only continental but they now have a small selection of cooked items.I didn't try the evening meal. Why woud you when you are within a few yards of some of London's best Indian Restaurants - leave the hotel turn right and first right and you are in Drummond Street which has several, mostly vegetarian. About 100 yards along on your right is Chutneys. It may not look much but the food is stunning.Overall this is a good business/tourist hotel. Bright clean and well located	
Jan 17 2008	Poor hotel	Stayed at new year 2007. This hotel is directly across from Euston railway station a bit too close if you get a room at the front , you hear the train PA system from early morning and its very loud. Location is good for tourists right next to tube station and tube is 5 mins from central London.We arrived at 3pm and still struggled to get the room we booked although after an arguement the room suddenly became free. The rooms are very basic with no extras. The bar and reception area are nice but only the disabled toilet is open just now due to upgrading work not much good when the bar is full and you had a few drinks the queue can be very long. I felt the hotel was very expensive for what you get and would not go back .	
Jan 15 2008 	Basic Bliss	It’s basic, clean and not very attractive but our room was adequate, quiet and had a great mattress. There was always a big queue at reception. Witnessed a kerfuffle on arrival with some serious complaining – but staff remained calm and polite. The location is fantastic for those arriving at Euston. Two minute’s stumble to the hotel, then next morning 2 minutes back to Euston to purchase a 3 day tube ticket and we were off, zipping from one great place to another. Got a good 3 night room only rate on their website – it was Sept when we stayed but I think it was £57 pn. Internet caf in tiny grocers 10 mins away (Tottenham Court Rd?), also near a Tesco Express which opens late for stock of breakfast croissants and nibbles – great! Will be back if I can get a similar rate.	
Jan 1 2008	Great Location	The location of this hotel is wonderful- literally across the street from Euston station. Great part of London as well as a base for exploring the city. Rooms were small-ish but this is not unusual in London and the facilities were very clean and functional. Be warned! Although this hotel allegedly has wireless Internet it is not complimentary and not easily accessible. You need to have an Orange business account or things get tough. The front of house staff were helpful enough, although somewhat hampered in some cases by their limited ability to communicate in English.	
Dec 4 2007 	You can't go wrong with Ibis Euston!	Reviewed this hotel in August and based on the positive experience then, I came back for another stay. The hotel is central, spotless, good value and efficiently run. From arrival to departure everything was up to scratch. Friendly receptionist (Shah) and helpful concierge who looked after the luggage storage and efficiently managed a gaggle of guests who had all arrived together to leave their baggage. Relaxing, spacious reception/bar/restaurant area with internet access. Quiet room with more than adequate facilities. Flat screen TV, tea/coffee, ample towels and clean comfortable bed. Noise free despite facing onto the street. Fantastic rate (£152 for three nights). Choice of rail links within 200 metres. Simply ideal in every way. I have stayed in some of London's 4 star hotels and of course they are plusher but for the above rate this hotel is unbeatable. Well done, Ibis staff. I will be back.	
Nov 30 2007 	Got stuck in a smoking room.	Booked the hotel through Hotels.ca. When we got there we ended up with a smoking room. It was fine for the first night although we had CLIMATE CONTROL which is NOT air conditioning. But we asked for a fan and it was fine.The next night the rooms next to us were chain smokers and our rooms were filled with second hand smoke. We complained but there were no other rooms. We had to make due with the fan, and open windows. What helped was that we had opened the connecting doors in the smoking room hallways because when they were shut they kept the smoke in that one area (OUR ROOM). Once opened our problems were somewhat solved.LOCATIONnext to Euston station which is great. The TUBE takes you anywhere and everywhere.	
Nov 27 2007 	Basic small rooms and shabby	Room was tiny, stuffy and the hotel in general apart from the lobby was tatty. Our room overlooked Euston station, so the view wasn't great, and we could hear the announcements when the window was open. Tried to get a baby seat for breakfast, but they didn't have any in the entire hotel. My wife didn't feel particularly safe in the neighbourhood, or in the hotel. Overpriced for what it is, you can get so much better for roughly the same price with a bit of research. Would not recommend and definitely will not be staying there again.	
Nov 15 2007 	Superb hotel	We stayed 2 nights in the Ibis at Euston arriving late on the Friday night, however I had rang the hotel during the day to tell them of my late arrival and the receptionist remembered my call! The staff where very friendly and the check in very easy and quick - there was numerous people checking in despite it being late. The rooms are of average size but exceptionally clean. Great flat screen tv and tea and coffee making facilities. Good size bathroom - again spotless with enough clean towels, bed was really comfy and nice and warm, however the rooms are kept at a certain temperature so it doesn't get too warm in the room but its really comfortable. The location is excellent for getting around London, tube and bus links on the doorstep. Its got a nice friendly bar and restaurant, although we did not eat in the restaurant it was pretty busy and the food looked ok. The bar is really nice and well stocked. Overall a great hotel if you are planning to spend most of our day sightseeing and want somewhere clean and comfortable to go back to. Would recommend this hotel to anyone and we would definately stay here again.	
Nov 9 2007 	impressed	Stayed in Ibis Euston 0ctober 26th for 3 nights.Going to concert on the Sunday night.Booked through own website and got special deal for 3 night stay.£162 for the weekend.We were really impressed with hotel location , friendliness of staff ,and cleanliness of room .For A sightseeing trip the hotel is situated close to bus and tube stations.We had a super time and would have no hesitation in recommending the Ibis and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 8 2007	Convenient Location Ann from Australia	This was my first visit to London and I booked the first four nights of my stay at the Ibis through their website before I left Australia.On arrival we had no problem checking in, staff were polite and helpful. We paid 95 pounds per night.The room was on the small side but quite adequate for mine and my daughters needs. Our preference and request was for a twin room but weended up with a double which wasn't a problem. The bathroom was also on the small side, however quite adequate. Both bedroom and bathroom were very clean.The only negative comment I have to make is regarding the food - we ate at the restaurant the first night and we ordered the buffet - there wasn't a great deal of variety and it looked like it had been sitting there quite a while. Due to this experience we didn't have breakfast or any other meals at the hotel.The hotel is a short walk from the tube station which is very convenient and only a few stops to the very centre of London.On the day we checked out they were very happy for us to leave our bags in the luggage holding room so we didn't have to cart our bags around London all day.I would certainly stay here again - if you shop around you may be able to get the rooms a bit cheaper. I would have stayed longer, however the hotel booked out fairly quickly and I wasn't quick enough to book for a few more days. Considering the cost of some places in London this was quite good value for money.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good central location good VFM	Central London is well known for pricey hotels.If what you want is a clean room, relatively 'basic' facilities which all work- and you can accept desk staff struggling with English, but in a convenient location you could do worse than the Ibis hotels - a French chain inheriting some French quirks.Incidentally I doubt there can be any London hotel where the staff is not from Lithuania, Poland or some eastern European country. Most are very good and their English works after a fashion but be prepared for the fact that although they will say &quot;Yes&quot; or &quot;Thank You&quot;, they don't always understand every single word or nuance in a sentence you say to themDinner in the hotel is buffet style and reasonably priced - hint get your own wine/ beverage at the adjacent bar before you take a table or wait forever for a waitress.Their beer selection at the bar is very good and reasonably priced.The Cardington Street, Euston location is literally a minute walk from that mainline and underground station and if you are familiar with the London bus system there are frequent buses on Euston Road about three minutes walk away.And my information is up to date - I stayed there two weeks ago.Pricing is about GBP80/90 as I recall (and thus less than half of what you might expect to pay at one of the big names) but you can get 10% off that with an Accor hotels card.Downsides? Nothing to give you any kind of shock. The rooms are not big (but not nearly as small as some rooms I have had in Paris). And neither is there any excuse for a hotel not to have good free WIfI access and a better range of TV channels including UK favorite Sky News.During my stay the elevator in the 'new' section of the hotel -rooms 6000 upwards- did not work properly. The call button on floor 1 was broken for at least 4 nights despite me telling the desk three times. OK for me as I was on the 1st floor (remember that in the UK 1st floor is the one above the ground floor) but I would not have wanted to schlep bags up or down three flights.Breakfast -the buffet is good and priced very reasonably around GBP8 - but it is often overrun by sheer numbers of bodies staying there.It was my first stay on this property, although I had used Ibis Heathrow many times.I will use it again. Recommended. Good value for money for this expensive capital city.	
Oct 22 2007 	Not a bad choice	Even though all IBIS hotels have corridors which feel like a hospitalor old people's home I was very pleased with our stay here. The room and bathroom were spotless and the bed was comfortableAt just £72 a night per room it was pretty inexpensive by London prices - so central you could actually walk Totenham Court Road etc though the underground was literally across the road.So what are the selling points?Great location, good rates and very acceptable as a sleeping bse for a short trip.	
Oct 15 2007 	Good Value for Money	Food:We arrived too late to go far from the hotel for supper, so we ate at the hotel. The dinner buffet was varied and not great (but not bad either). However, lamb was the roast of the day and the portions were watched very closely by the carver. It was very busy and bigger than it looks, but service fairly prompt. Breakfast was typical hot British fare, bread and cold cuts. There weren't enough tables to handle the morning surge, but people spilled over into the bar for tables. No one waited very long. The bacon was VERY salty to the point the children didn't want any.Room:Basic, but clean. Flat screen TV was nice. The website indicated &quot;air-cooled&quot; rooms, but there was only a heating capability. The room was rather stuffy and while an open window helped, the security feature on the window was broken, so we had to keep the window closed at night. We had asked for an upper floor room, but they gave us some song and dance that our floor on the first floor was the only one available. The room faced a large back alley that came to life at 6:00am with the banging of bins. Lots of bin trucks also. Maybe it was the warm-up areas for bin men. Loosen up with some bin-banging before heading out to work.Area:Very convenient for the rail and metro. Brutish Museum a short walk away – theatre district a bit further. A few veggie Indian restaurants in the area, but not much more. There was a good sized small grocery a few blocks away that was handy and open late.Staff: I noticed that some of the reviews on Trip Advisor were not very complementary of the staff. I can see why some people would say that, but while I found the staff very busy, they were always polite. However, any shortness by a guest would reduce the level of civility. Like most places in life, I found that if you treat someone well, they will treat you well also. I didn't have any problems with them. All in all, very good value for money and a great location for connecting to rail/metro. I would probably stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Basic but ideal	Hotel is very much I was expecting. Rooms were very clean, hotel was basic, what looked like a decent resturant (not used) and a bar, what else do you need. The location is spot on for getting to and from all of London's sights, via the underground at Euston Station. I travelled Durham-Kingscross and found the hotel no problems even though it was dark. 10 minutes or so walk from Kingscross and you're there. Price was ok, I'm not one for paying over the top and I hate scrffy hotels, this was neither having paid £152 for two nights for myself and my son, which ain't bad considering the location and the quality of the hotel/rooms, I'd definately stay there again. As long as the rooms are clean, the size is adequate and the price is right the you should have no complaints, afterall you're not spending all your time in the hotel not when you've got such wonderful places to see and things to do.	
Sep 25 2007 	Nice hotel but need to sort out their service	I booked this hotel a few months ago via the hotel website. I had chosen a 3 night deal they had on offer but when making the booking I noticed there was no option to specify the type of room I required. I called straight after making the booking to request a twin room and was assured it had been allocated. I also called a few days before the arrival at the hotel to ensure it was a twin I was getting and was told it had been allocated.The ComplaintWe arrived at the hotel around 11am on the Friday, my booking confirmation said check in was at 12 so we left our cases in the left luggage room. We paid for our stay at this time but were told to come back later to get our room key. The man who served us would not say when, just &quot;later&quot;. We went for a wander, came back around 1.40pm and we were told there was no room available for us yet. The receptionist told us she was waiting on the room being cleaned and did not know when it was ready so we said we would sit at the hotel bar until it was ready. We sat at the bar until 2.30pm and no one came over to give us our keys so we walked over to reception and were told to wait even longer. At this point we were given 2 free drinks vouchers to sit at the bar some more. When we tried to redeem the vouchers the man at the bar was pretty rude about them to us and talked to another man in another language and laughed in our direction. After 20 mins the receptionist came over and gave us our room keys. We went up to the room to rest and freshen up then afterwards I complained to the manager about this.The first thing I was annoyed about was being told I could check in at 12 and finding this wasn't the case. I had planned a day around being able to check in by a certain time and because we weren't able to do this it messed up my day. I only had 4 days in London for my birthday weekend and having to sit around in the hotel bar for an afternoon not knowing when we'd get to check in wasn't exactly what I had planned.The second thing that annoyed me was that no one seemed to know when we could check in, they kept saying &quot;later&quot; but not giving an exact time, had someone said &quot;you can check in at 3pm&quot; that would have given me something definite to go on and I could have made new plans around that.The third thing that annoyed me was the bar staff being rude to us. The reception staff also never apologised for the inconvenience.The fourth thing that annoyed me was when I complained to the manager he initially tried to argue with me saying that the hotel staff had done nothing wrong and that when you book a room it can be any time in the day before you might get the room. He also didn't really seem to try to fully understand what we were saying and just kept saying he'd been there all day since 7am and had we been there then he would have given us a room then which really had nothing to do with anything. He also said as it was a twin room we had requested that was why there was a delay with the room and that it is the Ibis policy to provide &quot;a room&quot; for travellers but if you specify a specific type of room you have to wait for it to become available. I did point out that not once had this ever been mentioned to me, when we tried to check in no alternative room was offered and no matter where I look on the Ibis website, I can't see anything about this. All I know was I asked for a twin room and was told that one had been allocated and that I would have my room at 12.I suggested they review their check in policy and cease to tell people that they can check in from a certain time if the hotel are going to be unable to provide that for them. I just find it really unprofessional as people will make plans around this kind of thing.However, they did make it up to us, the manager gave us free dinner and a bottle of wine in the restaurant, 2 free drink passes and also late check out on Monday. He was also very nice to us afterwards asking about our stay and giving us advice about travelling in London. The restaurant staff were also very nice and went out of their way to make sure we were looked after.The RoomThe room was nice, it was clean. It had twin beds, a kettle with some tea and coffee, there was a flat screen tv, a wardrobe frame with some shelves, a chair, a mirror and a socket to connect your laptop to the internet. The bathroom was clean with a bath and shower with 2 towels and soap provided.The only complaints I had about the room was that the air conditioning was freezing. I brought this up at reception and was told the temperature was controlled centrally and as no one else had complained then nothing would be done about it. The other thing was the twin beds were pushed right next to each other and the layout of the room wouldn't allow for them to be pushed apart. It was ok for us but might be a little too intimate for some.Other Areas of the HotelThe hotel looks very nice, the lobby is clean and modern looking, the food in the restaurant was excellent and the restaurant staff were lovely. The bar area was nice even if the staff were a bit rude.Next to the elevators there are telephones and 3 computers available with internet access where it is £1 for 20 mins which was handy.There is a left luggage room which seems fairly secure, the door is locked and they give you a ticket for your suitcase.The LocationExcellent, directly around the corner from Euston Station and Underground. There is Costcutters and Sainsburys supermarkets nearby. There are lots of Indian restaurants in the area and I spied a vegetarian cafe that looked good just around the corner.Overall ImpressionI think this is a good hotel, much nicer than some of the others I have been to in London. Had it not been for the problem with check in, the rude bar staff and the freezing air conditioning then I would have said it was an excellent base for London. Those things have put me off the idea of staying with Ibis again but maybe it was just one offs.	
Sep 25 2007 	Smelled like Garlic	I use Trip Advisor whenever I travel but I have to admit this is the first time I have written a review. We chose the Ibis because of its price and location. Even though it was still over $200/night it was a lot cheaper than the $300 to $400 I was paying at other properties in London. Still it was a lot of money to pay for a very basic room.Positives: 1. Location to Euston Station and Kings Cross. We took a train and it could not have been more convenient. The subway was basically one line to anywhere we wanted to go2. Clean Bathroom and Sheets3. Good Bar that stayed open to 1AM way past all the local bars. The beer was the perfect temperature also4. Lots of Indian Restaurants to choose from5. Good BreakfastNegatives:1. Hot in the room and noisy outside. This made if difficult to sleep. 2. Do not stay above the restaurant unless you like the endless smell of garlic.......Just a warning!3. If you want luxury, do not stay here. The room is functional but not really that nice.	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in the Ibis Euston for 3 nights and couldn't fault it. Got a brilliant rate of £54 per night for weekend through the website. Checked in early and had no problems and on check out we left our bags in the hotel baggage room since our flights were later in the evenings. The hotel is situated in a quite, safe area near the top of Tottenham Court Rd. and directly across from Euston Station (with no noise from the trains I might add). My partner and I got a 3 day underground pass (which could be used on the buses also) for £16 each which is well worth it! You are literally 5 mins to most places from the hotel door step using the tube. (To get the most out of the card, get it early in the day because it a 3 day card including the day you bought it and not 72 hours from the minute you bought it!). The hotel is modern looking and the rooms are exactly what you need, a bed, a flat-screen TV, a waredrobe and a bathroom (basic but modern). I will be definitely staying here again when I travel back to London!	
Aug 15 2007 	We'll be back	By booking online for a weekend stay we were able to take advantage of the £54 per room per night rate, which seemed pretty decent.We travelled overnight by train from Aberdeen and went straight to the hotel on arrival, where we were allowed to leave our bags, though not officially check-in until noon. It's literally less than 2 minutes to the hotel, and can be less if you use the side door to the station.The room was fine, clean with a comfy bed, and a big table-type thing by the window for dumping stuff on (or under). Less spacious than Travelodge family rooms we've stayed in, but good enough for a crash pad.We didn't get breakfast from the hotel, it was easy enough to nip over to the station where there are many food shops. Also, we found that the Crown &amp; Anchor two minutes up Drummond Street proved reasonably priced for food &amp; drink for later in the day, although there are also quite a few Indian restaurant along there.We decided to walk around town to get our bearings (for future reference), cos the hotel is a bit out of the main centre. Going down Tottenham Court Road takes you to Oxford St in about 15 - 20 mins, and it's roughly the same to walk up to Camden or along to Regent's Park.We were allowed to leave our bags after checking out (though no carrier bags) which was a relief since we weren't getting the sleeper until later at night.This was my first trip to London to actually stay there for a few days, and we're already considering going back. The location may be a bit out of the way, but it depends on how you want to go about your visit. There's always the tube. Recommended	
Aug 14 2007 	Great weekend deal	Did exactly what it said on the tin. Me and my partner (22 and 25 years of age) stayed here for a weekend. We booked the hotel on the internet and got a weekend deal for £162, this is a very good price for London. We usually stay at the hilton but seems to have got very pricey of late and not as high standard as they have in the past. However breakfast was not included but is £6.95, we had it on day one and was very nice especially the bread, it serves full english, crossants, fruit juices, coffee etc. We arrived at the hotel a little early on the friday (11am) but decided to see whether we could check in. The reception was extremely friendly and polite, exactly like they were on the phone when I rang up to chek confirmation and everything before I visited. We could not check in as they were still cleaning some of the rooms but we put our bags in the holding area at the side and went to have a look around the local area and arrived back at about half past twelve and checked in straight away. The room was a little dated but good condition, the hotel is currently going under refurbishment we saw one of them and they looked excellent. The had brand new Phillips flat screen televisions in the room which showed the usual channels and news. Towels were changed daily and more could be requested if needed. Tea and coffee supplies in the room. Shower and bath. The hotel bar is open till 1am in the morning and you can also order snacks etc throughout the day when the resturant is not open. Sky sports in the bar downstairs but movie and sports package can be purchased for the room. As for the location of the hotel. The enterance of Euston Station and Underground is just across the road. The underground lines are northern and victoria. So the west end is just a quick ride on the northern line. As for the local area there was plenty to do and Oxford Street, Kings Cross and Museums are in walking distance. We also walked to Covent Garden in about 20- 25 minutes. This hotel is recomended by both me and my partner.	
Aug 9 2007 	Aggravating	This hotel is very basic but acceptable. Breakfast is an obstacle course in a too small dining room. The main problems are the booking procedure online and the reception staff. One cannot specify the type of bedroom required online. I wanted a twin room but was offered a double on arrival, then a twin smoking (is this allowed now?) and then a non-smoking twin. It took half an hour to sort out and I paid in advance. On leaving there was another tussle with reception as I was told I'd underpaid despite having paid the agreed amount on arrival. The sheets weren't changed. This hotel really needs to teach its staff how to relate to human beings (in English!) rather than to computers. Also, one can only sit on the lavatory side-saddle - all the toilet roll holders are in the way!	
Jul 28 2007 	Basic Clean Quiet Good Value	Ibis Euston is a very good overnight stop in central London. Clean rooms. Good facilities. Very convenient location. Adjacent to Euston station, this is ideal for a stopover but only a 5 minute walk to lots of decent pubs in Camden Town. I ate breakfast there only because it was included in my room rate and i was really pleasantly surprised. Fresh bread and croissants which would put a few 4and 5 star hotel breakfast tables to shame. An unexpected bonus!Staff were friendly and efficient at check-in and check out.	
Jul 26 2007	Bad from start to finish	The whole process of booking with this hotel to checking in and leaving was an awful experience. We had to change our booking and I rang to amend the dates. Soon after we received a notification we had been charged for a no show. I called again and emailed but got no positive response. Eventually got that sorted. Booked a room over night for an early check in after flying in from Oz. Arrived to be greeted by 'you did not show up last night !' despite confirming my arrival information by phone and email. Rude unhelpful staff from the moment we arrived. The room was tiny, dirty with blood stains / marks on the wall. Poor ventialtion and terrible street noise. On departure rude staff again with a limited command of english informed us the rate charged was wrong and I had to pay a suppliment !. I would advise anyone thinking about staying here to look around as there are better hotels near by and the room rate is never worth the hassle.	
Jul 23 2007 	OK For London	This hotel is idealy situated about 50m from Euston train station with easy access to the capital.It is basically a no-frills hotel with basic facilities. The room were quite small and need some updating. The hotel has a bar and a restaurant which seemed ok, although if you fancy a drink when you get back to the hotel late a night/early morning then you will be out of luck as the bar closes at around midnight.In general, this hotel isn't too bad for London really. It's relatively cheap, it's clean, busy, safe and is located close to the tube. Would I go back again.........only if keeping to a budget was my main concern. If you want a better quality stay then you will need to pay more.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good value for money!!!!!!!!	we stayed on Saturday night at the Ibis Hotel in Euston and I have to say that you get good value for the money you pay.We were looking for a low budget accommodation, we paid 72 pounds for the night (breakfast not included 7 pounds) and I have to say that I was impressed.Usually in London is very difficult to find good hotels disappointment-free but than again the Ibis was just perfect for us.The reception was very helpful and polite, the room was clean, more important the toilet was clean, the breakfast was great and served till 12 and the location is perfect as the hotel is very close to Euston tube station.You can also use the ironing room on the 2nd floor with new irons provided makes it a very handy option. The only complain I can make is about the hair dryer more like a kids toy, so if you are traveling with your wife/girlfriend /partner and you are planning to go out on a fancy night make sure that she brings the hair dryer.....I would decently go back to the Ibis next time if I'll be traveling on budget.	
Jul 16 2007	Great Reasonable Hotel in London for Tourists	Had a fine stay at the Ibis Euston. The hotel is within sight of the Euston underground station, which also serves as a Britrail station, making it handy as a base for outings from London, too. The Euston Square stop is around the corner, about a five minute walk. It's about a ten minute ride on the underground to, say, Picadilly. It is far-enough out of the busy center of town that you should plan on using the underground to get anywhere. Just the same, it's not at all &quot;out of town&quot; or anything. It's in a relatively-quiet neighborhood of flats, shops, and office buildings...And wall-to-wall Indian restaurants, some of which looked pretty good (didn't go, though). And for the price I paid (about 140 US a night, Ibis 3-night deal), it can't be beat for a city as expensive as London.This is the second Ibis I've stayed at, and I found it to be just as expected: Clean, comfortable, very business-traveler friendly (wifi and ethernet internet access, generous desk space, good sized-room, 24-hour check-in and 24-hour food service, plus a full restaurant and bar). It was pretty-much exactly the same as the other one I stayed at, which I know is a negative factor in some cases. But then again, if you're gonna confidently count on SOMETHING when you book a room, it's good to be able to count on someplace clean, functional, and with a professional staff.The only problem I encountered was breakfast: It's hard to know if they were overwhelmed or just understaffed. I visited on one of the busiest weekends imaginable in London (the Grand Prix, Tour de France, Live Earth concert, and Wimbledon ALL happening at once), so the place was crammed to the gills...I'm inclined to cut them some slack. Just the same, breakfast was kind of a mess, with a lot of people waiting around for things to be refilled (cutlery, juice, coffee, milk, glasses, bowls, you name it). The staff looked like they were genuinely trying to keep up, everything was ultimately refilled (eventually), and they didn't run out of the hot food items, but it seemed like you could literally count on nothing coming out when you tugged on any dispenser. Beyond that, my only complaint would be that my room was a bit noisy...I could hear people in the hall pretty easily, and though I was on the third floor, outside noise was noticeable. In all, I'd recommend the Ibis Euston as a reasonably-priced hotel in London with whatever most people need and want.	
Jul 10 2007	Cheap simple OK	I was looking for something cheap, but clean and acceptable accomodation in London and Ibis Euston was recommended by a fellow worker of mine. The hotel has a very good location, just 1 min from Euston underground station. The rooms are clean and reasonable size, a little 80's style, but absolutely acceptable. The room wasn't noisy and the bathroom is OK as well. The reception is a little bit slow, check in and out took quite a lot of time, but i think if you avoid 'rush hours' (around officially check in and out time), then it can be alright. The breakfast was pretty good, recommendable!	
Jul 5 2007	Quite good but expensive for an Ibis	I stayed there when the prices for London hotels had gone through the roof with Wimboredom and the Tour de France so this at £95.00 was a reasonable option. They now increase the price as occupancy increases which is a bit disappointing for Ibis as one of the things I have always admired about them and have led me to return is the fixed price. Room good size, comfortable and quiet. The no frills approach was also applied to breakfast. I would go back again but as I say am disappointed that they seem to be going away from their usual policy over price. I have stayed in Ibis hotels in many cities and for example the Ibis's in Berlin, Dresden and Munich offer much better value for money, they are up with the best from the point of view of value for money. Why do we have to pay so much for hotels in Britain?	
Jun 29 2007	So close to the tube!	Our priorities when booking a hotel in London were: price, clean, and location near tube. Ibis Euston met all three of these. The tube is literally a block away. The room was clean and easily accomodated 2 people and luggage. The price was fine in terms of London hotel rates. The &quot;air conditioning&quot; was fine for early June. The room was quiet. There was no safe in our room. The front desk staff were totally unhelpful and their internet policy/availability is terrible. Overall it was just fine as a base from which to explore London at an affordable price. Just don't expect good service or ammenities.	
Jun 24 2007 	good location value for money	i have stayed at this hotel 5 times now, on an annual xmas shopping trip to london with a friend, no its not the hilton, but the rooms are a decent size for 2 people (and a tonne of shopping bags!) i always book with the hotel directly and for a london hotel it is not a bad price, the main draw for the hotel is the location, litterally round the corner from euston station. It is easy to get to, and can access the trains, tube and taxis without any hassel. bar and food area on the entrance level, and good service from the reception staff,	
Jun 24 2007 	Good location	stayed here for 4 days in April 2006. I liked the location as it was right next to the Euston Station. Not near the main attractions but if your up for a good walk you can get there in a reasonable amount of time.Room was basic, no-frills, but it did the job. Internet was available in the lobby on 2 computers(for a fee).Food was so-so, but I only ate there once for breakfast...I'd recommend this hotel if you are looking for a fairly cheap hotel in a good location and dont want/need a lot of extras.	
Jun 21 2007 	Central location on a budget	Stayed here for 2 nights with my boyfriend and his mother, who is disabled.Great location if you want to be near Euston station (handy if, like me, you travel down from Manchester) or if you want a central location that won't break the bank.Fairly basic, as one would expect, but comfortable enough if you want a bed for the night. Breakfast is not included, but there are plenty of places e.g. Wetherspoons in the station close by if you don't wish to pay the price the hotel charges.Food in the evening at the hotel was perfectly edible, although obviously there are so many restaurants in London what you could go to - We went there because my boyfriend's mother was tired after travelling.The bar area was very nice with a good selection of drinks and comfortable seats.Obviously it's central London, so you can't expect the most peaceful night's sleep, and some business guests do get up quite early and clatter around, but overall I was happy with the stay - We got what we paid for and it was more than acceptable.	
Jun 17 2007 	Go for it!	I've now stayed here twice and would highly recommend this branch of the Ibis chain. Well priced for a larger hotel that's on the doorstep of Bloomsbury and right next to Euston rail/underground station. Also in its favour is the fact that the hotel is in a relatively quiet location as it's off the main Euston Road. Public areas are in good order and the bedrooms are well designed, with air conditioning, double glazing, reasonably sized en-suite. The Internet is available via multi-media set-up in room - even if you don't have a laptop with you - but at extra cost. In all, a restful night's stay. Excellent, plentiful, well priced buffet style breakfast. Staff at reception quite friendly and helpful. Ibis have (at the present time) a 15 minute guarantee to sort out any problems or the stay is on them!!	
Jun 3 2007 	Clean no-frills option in good location	I paid £76 for a room here by calling the hotel directly on the day (I was at a friends wedding and enjoying myself so much I didnt want to leave early to get the last train home!)If you book online the rate is £60 though.I thought this was reasonble for a clean room with a comfortable bed, a warm shower and a TV within 20 minutes of most central London attractions. The room is pretty similar to those in any chain such as Travelodge, Days Inn etc but a bit more &quot;modern&quot; looking.Breakfast was not included but is available for 6.95 (continental) You can enjoy a better breakfast in a cafe for similar money. A good option for someone who isnt interested in paying extra for all the luxury hotel bells and whistles, but the £76 rate isnt such good value so try and book online.	
May 29 2007 	Great Location	After numerous stays in London in expensive hotels that never lived up to the expectations we decided to try a chain hotel for this visit.The hotel is in a great location within a 2 minute walk of Euston Station, Euston Underground and 5 minutes from Kings Cross. The cost for staying for 2 nights is really good as well, good value for money. The hotel itself is nothing fancy but the rooms are clean, the bedding is changed daily and the bathroom is also clean but the shower could do with upgrading. The hotel is set back from the main road so you don't get much noise either.The staff are friendly and helpful and the amenities within the hotel are fine. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants somewhere to stay in London that isn't over priced, dirty and off the beaten track.	
Apr 19 2007 	Good hotel. Great rates	For the price and location, I still think this hotel is great for London.I've stayed before a few times (and reviewed before) but I wanted to say that the breakfast price has been reduced (£6.95, which is a bargain for a cooked buffet) and I found a great curry place just up Drummond Road.Raavi Kebab was superb. Unlicensed, dirt-cheap and badly designed (it looks closed, that's why I've never been in before) and the food was great. There are some very good vegetarian places on this stretch but this place and the Drummond Villa opposite (average) are the two that do meat stuff as well.Not at all romantic but very good, particularly if you're on your own on business. The same could be said of the hotel as well.	
Apr 3 2007 	Very Basic	This hotel was booked as a last resort as the nearby Premiere Travel Inn and Novotel were fully booked.This hotel is very very basic, bit like being on a school trip kind of accommodation. I had a room with two twin beds pulled together thedecor was very cheap it makes the Travel Inn seem 5 star but it was clean. The room had an adjoining door in it which I though was a cupboard so opened it, the occupants next door heard me open it and opened theirs so we were both facing eachother in disbelief. I'm a young woman 5 months pregnant and was not happy with this security laps. Reception were not appologetic and arrogant and offered to put me in a smoking room..I'm pregnant! It took a while before someone went up to lock the door. I was woken by the underground trains in the morning (something that doesn't happen in Travel Inn or Novotel as it is not as loud there). You have to get your hairdryer from reception and there is no mirror by the plug to do your hair. Breakfast was fine if you just want a light breakfast ie coffee and toast. I had my evening meal in Prezza on Euston Road which does great pizzas and pasta dishes.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good value for excellent location	Very acceptable accommodation, sensibly priced, although the buffet breakfast is a little expensive. Location is very handy for anyone using Euston station.You know what you're getting with an Ibis, and this hotel meets every expectation. Staff are friendly and helpful.	
Mar 6 2007	Quiet room at back	At checkin we asked for a quiet room and were given one at the back on the second floor. It was quiet and so we enjoyed a good night's sleep. Even with the weekend discount, the breakfast was expensive so we did not buy it. There are places in Euston Station across the road. We walked down to the British Museum, five minutes, and ate breakfast in the Great Court there. IBIS is plain, simple, moderately priced hotel. Fine if quiet.	
Feb 26 2007 	Basic Clean Chain	Ibis is at the lower end of the Accor Hotels brands (just above the VERY basic Formulae 1). The Ibis Euston is right next to Euston Station and is a cheap (for London), clean, functional hotel - especially well situated if you are travelling to London by train from the north or the midlands. Within a short easy walk of the hotel you have access to most tube lines and, in Euston Station itself, there is a wealth of fast food and newsagent stands.The hotel itself is basic, clean and functional which, lets face it, in London is all that you really need as you are not going to spend much time in the hotel. There is a bar and cafe/restaurant on site (although I didn't use it). The rooms are clean with a TV, coffee making facilities, double bed, extra single bed, air conditioning, and a modular shower room consisting of a brilliant walk-in shower, a small sink and a cramped, but usable, toilet. NB. The shower room walls are very thin, so if you are in bed and your partner is using the shower or toilet....you'd better turn up the TV!! The beds are clean and adequately comfortable, but not of a high quality, so check them first if you are given an older room (I stayed in the &quot;new wing&quot;).There are no frills with an Ibis, so it is better for a couple of nights rather than a week or two's stay. Ibis is cheap, simple and clean - Perfect for a budget weekend away!	
Feb 21 2007 	A decent stay	Stayed there two nights this week. Room was ok, exactly as in all Ibises. Unlike the Ibis I stayed at in Bern it did have a bar operating around the clock with edible snacks. And a decent thought rather not very tasty breakfast. Overall, a decent stay.	
Jan 1 2007 	Stay if you must - - - but do look around first	I've stayed at Ibis Euston on 2 occasions, both mainly for business with a bit of pleasure as my stay went into the weekend. I can see (price and location-wise) why one might choose to stay at an Ibis Euston, but as far as service and room quality go, Ibis Euston falls below mediocre. The weekend brunch was so-so. You might be better off going to the bagel stand and Starbucks in front of Euston Station. On both occasions of my stay, the attitude of those at the front desk was that of indifference. No real interest, especialy when I let them know that an iron in their ironing room stained and damaged my white linen blouse with some black goo (as a result of the iron not being cleaned regularly). The half dead response was &quot;oh really? I'll have someone look at it&quot;. Ughhh!!! And a tip for those who use hairdryers...there are none in the rooms, however you can get one at the front desk. Literally - you have to get it yourself from the front desk...so make sure you ask for one before your shower so that you don't have to go to the front desk with dripping wet hair.Like I said - stay here if you must...but I personally will avoid it. Tip: also nearby is the Premier Travel Inn. Bit more expensive, but waaayyyy better.	
Dec 15 2006	Excellent stay very good	I regularly stay away with work in London hotels and the last time I stayed here was a couple of years ago. I was not impressed at the time with the level of service. My usualy hotel was full, so I checked in here at the last minute. My three night stay was excellent from start to finish. The staff were consistently very friendly and helpful. The rooms have improved - I stayed in the new block (lifts to the left of the reception desk as opposed to the old block opposite the reception desk).I'm actually writing this review on the last night staying here in my room. They have an excellent interactive web service - £10 for 24 hours to gain full access to (very) fast internet and all the movies. This is apparently a 'special' offer (perhaps a bit like the travelodge 'special' offers that have been going for 3 years). I worked late last night and took advantage of the late breakfast served until 12noon. It was a little basic, croissants, pastries etc - but good coffee and juice - just what I wanted. All in all, an excellent stay in a clean and comfortable hotel with good access to the tube. Highly reccommended from someone who has stayed in several London hotels. Very good.	
Dec 2 2006 	Very good value	I picked this hotel because of the location. When I went on the Ibis website, I was very surprised to find that they had a 3 day weekend special for an unbelievable 54 pounds a night. The hotel was clean; the room was small but not terrible and the bath was a decent size. I thought it was a great value and very convenient to the Northern line tube station. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 21 2006	Excellent value for money	My husband and I have just returned from a three night break at the Ibis, London Euston (17-20 November 2006). We booked direct through the Ibis website and paid just £162 for our stay, taking advantage of the &quot;third night&quot; offer (two nights were £144 and we added the third night for just £18). Although the rate did not include breakfast a continental style buffet was available for £7.50 per person (which we did not take). We exited Euston Station just by the Left Luggage (on the right hand side as you leave the platforms) and came out immediately in front of the Ibis. Check in at the hotel seemed a little long winded as our receptionist was also covering the phone but we were in our room within 10 minutes of getting off the train which we coulnd't grumble about. The room size was about average for a chain hotel (comparing with Travel Lodge, Holiday Inn Express, Premier Travel Inn etc.) and was clean and comfortable. If I had to complain about anything in the hotel it would be that the room was too hot and adjusting the climate control dial did not seem to make any difference but we could open our window to let in some air. The room was made up each morning with clean towels and the tea and coffee supplies were replenished. We were a little concerned that the hotel was further out of the centre of London than we are used to but the tube station at Euston was just across the road and we could be in the centre of London in around 10 minutes. A pleasant walk through Bloomsbury got us into the centre in around 15-20 minutes, making the hotel's location extremely handy. In the past we have stayed at some good 4 star hotels (Thistle Charing Cross, The Chesterfield, Mayfair, The Berners, Oxford Street) but would not hesitate in returning to the Ibis in future as it represents excellent value for money.	
Oct 12 2006 	A very nice place	Stayed here for 4 nights with my partner (5th-9th Oct) as a get away from my birthday and I was impressed, unlike my previous night in Manchester Ibis.Nice traveling distance (2 min walk if that) to Euston with loads of places to eat there like Burger King &amp; Harry Ramsdens Express and a Marks &amp; Spencers food, and also handy shops like Boots. If you are staying more than 4 days and using the tube alot I suggest getting a weekly pass, it comes on an Oyster Card easy touch in n out system.I would deffinatley stay here again, although we did get lost trying to find it, one road runs directly into another!!	
Sep 27 2006	which guests?	If I arrive at a hotel, I assume to have a reasonable friendly reception staff, who is actually interested in the guest. But none of that. The head of the reception team was unfriendly (def. as in dismissive) and one member of staff (Mr. I...) was across the stay reasonably rude by ignoring the guests in front of his desk, pretending to be busy with random paper work, treating the guests as if they were liars. He would not listen as he was not interested in the information anyway. This resulted in having to repeat everything over and over again + in one case despite of proof of payment he tried to make the poor person to pay, and after receiving a copy of something he had seen twice before as other people had checked in, he took extra time to read it. So much rudeness and arrogance against guests I have never experienced. The rooms were superficially cleaned with a housekeeping supervisor (more likely sub-supervisor) of a rudeness and carelessness beyond description.In her opinion, if no guest complaints officially, there are no problems - hence very obviously dirty walls or soap boxes or glasses or ceillings are no problem because nobody seems to see it as nobody has complaint so far. I wonder how much pride these 3 take in their job. Thumbs up however for the dutch receptionist, the polish receptionist and the other reception members, who were dressed in polo shirts. They present what people in their job should be like and they all did an excellent job.	
Aug 25 2006 	a drop in standards	This was a repeat visit. Normally an excellent option in London.Staff have had an attitude change. Efficiency has been replaced by rude, abrupt and arrogant service. Was also confronted by construction work which was very noisy. (No indication of this when booking) Pity because this was the best value hotel in London. I wont be staying here again	
Aug 22 2006 	Great location and value for money.	Stayed in the Ibis Euston for 6 nights for a course in London.The hotel in conveniently located near Euston station, Oxford Street underground station was a mere three stops away, which was a plus for strolling there all day!There were lots of fast-food chain restraints like Mac, Burger King and other small Indian food takeaways. Marks and Spencer Simply Food was a couple of mins away walking too.The room was clean, modern but small; the bathroom had a bathtub which was fine. Service was fine as well the staff and the reception. There are two PC's in the reception area for Internet use for a fee.An English breakfast would cost you 7 GBP, not worth it!Overall it was a pleasant stay for me.	
Aug 17 2006 	GOOD VALUE CONVENIENTLY SITUATED.	This is one of the best value hotels in London and has been for many years. It is a straightforward, clean, modern, unpretentious, well-sited motel(garage parking underneath which is chargeable but secure). Adjacent to Euston mainline station and London Underground station. You can be in Leicester Square within 15 minutes by tube--the heart of theatreland--with good connections to all the main tourist sites.Breakfast is the typical Ibis buffet--good adequate rather than extra special. Rooms are compact (but better than many in London hotels) and air conditioned, with standard bathrooms. Decent bar area in the foyer. Efficient check-in.Why pay extortionate prices elsewhere for luxury you won't have time to appreciate!	
Aug 6 2006 	Reasonable Hotel Good Location	Found the hotel through local Metro ads, which advertised GBP10 off per night for the period I was interested in, and so I placed my reservations. Imagine my surprise when the rates I paid ended up to be the same as the rack rates. The hotel manager was &quot;kind enough&quot; to &quot;force through&quot; the offer for me for 2 out of my 4 nights stay after I emailed them to clarify on this point, so I did end up paying GBP20 less, and given the pricings in London, I guess an average rate of GBP70 a night had to sound reasonable enough.Next, be forewarned that this hotel has NO air-conditioning, though it has advertised itself as having 'climate-controlled' rooms, so I have absolutely no idea what do they mean by this. The only airconditioning seems to be on the ground floor in the lobby for the comfort of the reception, but I guess I was lucky that the weather was none hotter than it was!Room and bathroom were ok, but rather small. Had just about enough space for my wife and I to walk around the bed without knocking each other off our feets. Wardrobe was rather pathetic and tucked into an awkard corner of the room near the window. No fridge either, so had to go out for breakfast if you do not wish to pay like GBP7 to eat their breakfast since there was no way I could store any milk in the room.Staff were also rather friendly and helpful, though they have a tendency to start servicing the rooms early in the morning, so be prepared to have someone budge into your room if you are sleeping in late!The only saving grace I could think of for the hotel was its location, which is right across Euston station and around the corner from Euston Square station, thereby making it a convenient spot to move around.My conclusion is: If you are one who is not too fussy about accommodation and is basically only looking for a place to rest at night, this hotel might be suitable for you. Anything more and you may find a better alternative if you search harder around.	
Jul 30 2006 	Great deal for central London!!	I attended a conference in London from June 1 - 4th (my travel budget was 500 EUR including the flight......), so I chose the Ibis Euston after reading the reviews on this site. I was positively surprised, since the room and bathroom were very clean (and not as tiny as I expected) and offered all the comfort found in any U.S. motel. The rooms are kept simple, but are in decent shape (especially considering the price and location!!!!). Euston station is right across from the hotel and other underground stops are within a short walk from the hotel (i.e. you have access to most underground lines). Check in and check out were no hassle whatsoever. The only thing that was a bit inconvenient was that there was only one electrical socket in the room (none in the bathroom, either!!). So though they had a water cooker for coffee and tea, you had to unplug the T.V. to boil the water. Other than that, however, the room and hotel in general (reception area, restaurant, etc.) were perfectly fine. I would definitely stay here again (the price can't be beat for what you get) and would recommend it to anyone travelling on a budget.	
Jul 22 2006 	Okay - not great	The best thing about the Ibis at Euston is its very convenient location next to Euston station. The next best is the relatively good price for a London hotel. But the rooms and beds are very small, wardrobes also. The breakfast is exorbitant at nearly seven pounds, and not particularly appealing, either (dried eggs, old fruit, unappetizing breads). The bar is expensive and uncomfortable. There is a blatant stinginess that overlays service and amenities. So, take breakfast elsewhere, go to an outside pub, be prepared for scuffed shins from the crowded little beds and it's okay.	
Jul 18 2006 	Convenient	Rooms a bit tired and grubby, though bathroom clean.Very convenient for Euston 2 mins walk (look for the unsigned back door), St Pancras 15 mins (but will be 10 mins when front entrance reopens) and King's Cross 15 mins. Plenty of tube links from Euston or Euston Square.Price was hiked up, because I was told at reception, of 'lots of events on this week'. Agree with earlier comment on small rooms, also no hair drier, pen/paper or toiletriesBreakfast (extra) was good - lots of variety, and available for wide timespan unlike some hotels.Would return, it was more than passable and is very convenient.	
Jul 17 2006	could do a lot better	For a 2 star hotel this is reasonable and in my opinion it would not take too much to make it a 3 star.The location is excellent for the tubes and the hotel was very clean.My only gripe really was with the breakfast.The plates were like saucers,unless you get there early the food is cold and the toaster was a joke.I went up to get hot food twice,the first time it was ok,the second time everything was cold and consequently inedible.The toaster burned one side and the other side was still white.There was problems with 2 of the coffee machines but were both put right immediately.In retrospect it would be better to cross the road and get breakfast on the underground but all these problems could easily be rectified by the management thus making the hotel very reasonable.I would recommend the hotel but would eat out in future.	
Jul 16 2006 	good value for London	Given the exorbitant prices in London, the Ibis Euston is great value. SItuated within walking distance of Euston station, the hotel is modern and very convenitently located. I was a little put out because they could only offer me and my comapnion a double when I wanted a twin. I was told that I should have called ahead to get a twin room because the booking website did not offer this option.The room was adequate and clean. There was tea and coffee maing facilities and a fairly generoud selection of TV channels. The bathroom was fine except there were no toiletries and the staff had obviously topped up the shower gel dispenser! Other than that. I thought it was good value for London.	
Jul 10 2006	Great service for London standards	I've just arrived from my first trip to London and i'm very happy with the Ibis Euston hotel. I've booked a double room, in 2 weeks addvance and justa few days from arriveal faxed them and got back an answer for confirmation of my reservation.Overall, hotel is very good for the price.Rooms are a bit snall if compared to other countries (same rate star), but is very clean and confortable. Bathroom is ok.Will use their services again, for sure!	
Jun 22 2006 	Great 'Stop In' Hotel	I can't count the number of times I've stayed in the Ibis at London Euston. Every time I travel to the city I stay at this hotel because it is so convenient. You just fall off the train and in to the hotel.The hotel is basic (and the bar is *very* expensive) but it's typical Ibis accommodation - ie. sparce but generally clean. There are a fair number of nice places to eat off Euston road so you don't have to eat at the hotel's resturant and breakfast is OK (not great).There's an Orange France Wifi network which works in every room I've been in but the high cost (£6/hr) is off putting to say the least. Some rooms can piggy back off open networks outside of the hotel (with the obvious security caveats).	
Jun 8 2006	Great Last minute...	This was a great value for very last minute travel plans to London. Easy access to Euston Station and Euston Square Tube stations. You can add breakfast to your room for a reasonable price and it is excellent food.	
Jun 3 2006	Acceptable last-minute find	For the price, this is a very reasonable hotel, located right next to the Euston tube stop and rail station. The rooms were nothing special, but everything seemed reasonably clean and relatively quiet. Similar to a Motel 6, you aren't going to find any amenities, but this is a good place to crash for a night. Nice Indian restaurants in neighborhood as well. Given the fact that we made a last-minute reservation on a bank holiday, we were pleased to find such a reasonable place for a good rate. However, I'd choose another option if I was looking for a room for multiple nights.	
Jun 1 2006 	Great Value for Central London	I stay here on each visit to London, the hotel and rooms are spotlessly clean, very friendly staff and a good value restaurant. Excellent value for central London (£70 per room per night at weekends) and only 1 minute from Euston station.	
May 26 2006	It was ok	I went for three days to London with my 8 year old son. We had no problems with the hotel. The staff were nice, the room was very basic, but clean. The bed wasn't great, a bit lumpy and stiff (they didn't have a room with twin beds, as I'd requested) just adequate I'd say. I booked online a few months ago and got the room for 79pounds a night. Euston Station is just next door with a great food court so we picked up breakfast there. Overall, a good budget hotel.Neil (Cork, Ireland)	
Apr 30 2006 	Smelly room...	I stayed at this hotel on my way back from a conference in Durham. I got room 280. I enter the room... and there is this awful awful awful smell, like rotten meat, or rotten fish, or rotten something that was once alive. I open the window and go out for a walk. 2 hours later I enter the room and the smell is just as strong. I go to the menager and he tells me that there is no problem with my room, it is just how London smells (?!?!?) After 10 min of arguing I finally conviced him to come up and take a breath in my room :) He comes and acknowledges the smell but tells me that since I am there for just a day, I can simply live with it. Not only that, he insists that this is how the detergent they use to clean the bathroom smells (haha:). At this point I collected my luggage and declared that I would be spending the night in the lobby. He angrily passed me on the way to elevator and by the time I was down at the lobby the receptionist handed me the key to room 265. It was a bigger room and definitely no smell. Phew, at least we know that it is not London that smells that bad. I had reserved the same hotel for my one night stay in May but after the incident I promptly canceled the reservation.	
Apr 22 2006	Great for the price	This hotel is in an excellent location, within a block of a major tube/train station. The room was clean and spacious, including the bathroom. Even though it was a twin room, there was plenty of room for 3 of us to sit in the room. There is also a hot pot to boil water for coffee and tea which they provide. The rates are excellent for London. I will probably rebook there on a return trip to London!	
Apr 4 2006 	Good Allrounder	Outside the congestion charge, reasonable priced secure parking and good access to a quick escape up the A40/M40. Makes a lot of sense to stay here, 5 minute walk to euston station.	
Feb 13 2006 	basic and clean	very basic rooms but clean and comfortable you can do a lot worse in Londonwould have liked a hairdryer though !	
Feb 12 2006	Perfect for visitors to London	We've just spent the weekend in London sightseeing and the Ibis at Euston is perfectly located for this purpose. We expected nothing more than a functional travelodge type accommodation so were pleasantly surprised at the high standards of service. The room is exactly as you would imagine. Bed and dressing table area, wardrobe/cupboard, tea and coffee making facilities, tv etc. Bed was very comfortable. Very compact shower room.The reception areas are all nicely decorated and very bright and colourful.The thing that stood out most was how friendly and helpful all the staff were, it seemed they really cared that you enjoyed your stay with them. One person I'd like to single out for exceptional service is Alex. He booked us in and checked us out. Whilst booking us in he took the time to find out why we were staying and then when we checked out he had remembered the places we planned to visit and asked how we enjoyed them. This would be a nice touch in a small hotel but in a large and busy hotel such as this it was amazing.We'll definitely stay there next time we want a weekend break in London and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for clean and comfortable accommodation in London.	
Jan 6 2006	Excellent	Got a very good online 59.96 offer for a room and found it excellent. Clean, good bathroom, food and drink available, almost in a Tube Station but a quiet area for good sleep. Tea and coffee facilities to make in room.	
Dec 9 2005 	A good night's stay	After a one night's stay at the Hotel Ibis Euston, I left impressed. I had reserved a room online and hadn't made a note of the opening hours. I had hoped to get to the hotel at 8.30pm but my train was severely delayed, and I was worried I might get in too late for checkin. I tried phoning the hotel to explain and asked what the latest checkin time was, but my phone call was cut short when I lost my mobile reception on the train. When I finally arrived much later, I discovered that the hotel was 24 hours, but, despite this, the friendly and efficient staff had put a message on my account to say I could be checking in later on.The decor in the room was unusual, and perhaps would not be to everyone's taste, but everything was spotlessly clean and fresh. The sheets were spotless and everything was well laid out. The normal TV and refreshments were provided. The bed was very comfortable which aided a good night's sleep.The room was a nice, comfortable temperature - a refreshing change, as I find most hotel rooms are uncomfortably hot. A thermostat is provided if the temperature isn't to your taste, and the one in my room was within reach of the bed - a nice touch. I had the continental breakfast which was reasonably priced and a large selection of food was provided, both hot and cold. The breakfast hall was busy, but the service was quick and plenty of seating is provided. One small annoyance was that I couldn't find any toast, but I did see someone else having it so it must have been available.The checkout process was quick and painless, and the staff were friendly and helpful. A fairly large queue of people was dealt with quickly and effectively.	
Dec 2 2005	Excellent Value for a reliable Chain	Arrived after a long flight, checked in before 10am and had a room waiting. Room was clean, comfortable and affordable. Had no problems with staff, very helpful.Very Close to Euston Station and saw the Queen leaving the station.Have been back since already and was again very please.	
Nov 9 2005	Excellent value for money	A group of friends and I stayed here for two nights recently. It was a great choice. We booked onlineand got a very reasonable room rate of £59.95 per night. The hotel is conveniently located beside Euston Station, which is only a couple of Tube stops from Leicester Square. What you see is what you get with the Ibis and while the hotels don't have character or anything, the rooms were clean and relatively spacious and the showers were excellent and powerful (very important after a long day in London!). We did not eat or drink in the hotel, as the restaurant and bar looked pretty unexciting but there are plenty of food options in the station eg Marks and Spencer Simply Food, Starbucks, a bagel bar etc. Overall, the hotel was excellent value for money and I would have no hesitation staying there again and in recommending it.	
Oct 20 2005 	Good value but not sure about recommending	Good value for good location. Facilities fine, room clean and fine (nothing special, but functional and better than others you might get for the same price). I would have recommended the hotel, but there were a few issues:The evening meal in the restaurant was really not very good - bland and tasteless, a lot of the buffet food was very dried out and unappealing. Salad bar was very small with tiny selection. Breakfast was fine, however.My account was settled by my company, but the hotel lost the first fax sent through with account details, etc. and then said the second and third were not acceptable for different reasons. There was no continuity, and my finance department were asked for different things each time. The front desk staff were rude and aggressive when I tried to help sort things out. In the end, the gentleman who did sort it out was charming, but I understand that there have been problems with the Night Manager's attitude in the past. My finance department have asked me not to use the hotel again because all the back and forth took them hours to sort out.So, if you are paying for yourself and eating out every night, it's worth a go.Hope this is helpful	
Aug 10 2005	More than I expected for the price I paid	At 70 GBP (pounds) I knew that this was not going to be a fancy hotel with great service. I have stayed at Ibis hotels before and have always been happy. My stay at this Ibis exceeded my expectations. We arrived at 7am hoping that maybe we could checkin early. To our surprise they checked and were able to accommodate us. Front staff were cheerful and helpful. Internet (2 computers) in the lobby although I didn't use it. Room is small but completely identical in size and furniture to French Ibis hotels. Surprised there was a bathtub - nice hot pressure shower for us. Our nights were quiet in fact silent. Room was clean. The best thing is the location. Shortcut (through the Euston tube exit near the Left Luggage in the station) made it literally 2 minutes from door to door. Drummond Street near the station/hotel has wonderful Indian. I would skip the hotel breakfast - inside the station are many cheap fast foodie type places and a coffee place very close (just as you enter the station from the hotel). There is a Marks and Spencer Food Hall in the train station for buying picnic type foods if you want. All in all it will be my hotel the next time I stay in London. The price can not be beat!	
Aug 8 2005	Great location very good value	We stayed in IBIS Euston for about 8 days in the last two weeks (just got back). Since my decision to go with Ibis Euston was in part based on the reviews here I thought I should post my review too.  We were travelling with my parents and had two rooms. The rooms were spotlessly clean. The bathrooms are sort of cylyndrical sections in one corner of the room, but were quite functional and very very clean. The hotel is away from the Euston street and so wasvery quiet.The staff--most of them eastern european--were quite nice but generally leave you alone. The hotel seems to be mostly used by business people--we didn't see all that many tourists there.The hotel didn't seem to have any hidden charges--you can make long distance phone calls from the room andget charged very reasonable prices (a night call to Edinburgh cost me 40p). They have two coin-operated internet desktops in the lobby. Although they don't advertise this, they seem to have half-a-dozen rooms where the desk in the room converts into a surprisngly comfortable single bed. This was *very* helpful to us as we had a child with us. The location is quite nice--it is just a half-minute walk from Euston station &amp; tube (Euston station--in contrast to Kings Cross just a few blocks away--is much quieter and nicer). As for the restaurants--we normally had our breakfasts in the Euston station food court (which has some 10 fastfood type places including Ritazza--a nice coffee joint). There were another 5-6 food places in the courtyard of the station. We were walking distance to British Library as well as British Museum.	
Jul 19 2005	Enjoyed Our Stay	The Ibis Euston is a short walk from Euston Station which made for an easy connection from Manchester as well as easy access to the Tube. We found our room to be very adequate. While you will not be folk dancing, we managed quite well in the space available for three nights (for longer stays, it might be better to have more space). The bathroom was a bit small, but proved to be very functional. We found our room to be very quiet as it was located on the inside courtyard (no views unless air-conditioning equipment excites you). There is AC which we used a few times. The neighborhood around the hotel is nothing special, but the Tube station at Euston puts the rest of London within easy access. The front-desk staff were cheerful and helpful. For London, the price is hard to beat given the location. Overall, we enjoyed London and our stay at the Ibis Euston.	
Jul 10 2005	Pets welcome	One reason we love Ibis hotels and their sister chains in the accor group is the fact we can bring our dog with us.The room we stayed in was a decent size, with a huge bed which Daisy took to immediately, and was perturbed to have to sleep in her own bed.Friendly staff, clean rooms, and dog welcome, all we really need as the hotel is just somewhere to rest at the end of a busy day.Poeople complaning about small rooms should try the St Giles on tottenham Ct Road, somewherei have had to stay more than once on business.Good for the money	
Jul 9 2005 	it's an Ibis	It's an Ibis, so it's just like any other Ibis you've stayed in. It's not luxury, but it is pleasant, if slightly bland. I stayed near Euston for an early-morning meeting and the big advantage of the Ibis over the Premier Travel Inn is its quiet location, away from Euston Road. A review of this site shows that most sub-£100 hotels in London are grotty and the advantage of staying in an Ibis (or a Travel Inn) is that it's not. You can't expect something grand for this kind of money in London.	
Jun 12 2005	Very disappointing	Having read pleaing reviews of the Ibis, we chose to stay there on a short business trip to London. The hotel has a pleasant lobby, but don't be fooled. The room was tiny, uncomfortable bed, white uninspiring rooms, barely room to move and bathrooms so bright with the lights on that sunglasses were needed. Its worth paying a little extra for the Thistle just up the road where we've stayed before.	
Jun 10 2005	Perfect place for a couple of nights	I wanted to spend 4 days / 3 nights in London with my daughter (9) to visit the city and make some shopping last april, but could'nt find a decent hotel at a decent price. Eventually, being french, I decided to book a room in a hotel of the french ibis chain and I do not regret it.Obviously, this is not a de luxe hotel, but it is very clean. The room is very correct, with 2 beds , a TV set, air conditioning. The bathroom is &quot;futurist&quot; with a very large shower, also very clean. People are nice and welcoming. There is a free spare room for luggage. Situated just near the Euston station, direct to Oxford street station. There is also a bus going to Oxford circus, in a few minutes. The location is perfect to visit major sites (zoo, Camden, Oxford...).The only &quot;bad&quot; point is the food. We had dinner once, but never came back afterwards. Better have your meals in a pub !	
May 29 2005	Great price Excellent location	We recently stayed 3 nights at the Ibis Hotel Euston the price was right and the location was EXCELLENT!! It was 2 blocks (aprox 1min walk) to the Euston Underground station. Everyone at the hotel front desk was very helpful. The rooms are small compared to american standards, but clean. (Private bathroom.) I would reccomend staying there and I would stay there again. ENJOY!!! hope this is helpful	
May 12 2005	Better Than Expected!!	Just outside the station very clean and friendly. More for business people but none the less very good.	
Mar 5 2005	Good quality at an affordable price	This Ibis Euston hotel is great value for money. Many London hotels are over priced and have poor quality rooms but not here - the rooms are of a good size, they are clean, and comfortable. The hotel is also very conveniently located by central London - close to underground stations and major tourist destinations such as Oxford Street are within walking distance. Overall I have rated this hotel as above average. The hotel is exactly what it claims to be - affordable accommodation of a good standard. I like to stay here and spend my ££ on meals out, the theatre etc. You can easily pay two or three times as much for a room of inferior quality in central London. This hotel has a reputation for being good value for money so it is wise to book ahead of time. Just a note for any North American readers, I read in one of the earlier reviews of this hotel that the windows don't have screens. I have never found a UK hotel that does have screens on the windows; it's just not done in the UK as we don't have no-see-ums and the like here.	
Jan 20 2005	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Ibis Euston hotel for 4 nights, in May 2004. The hotel is located next to the Euston tube and rail station so the location is good, not very central but convenient. The room was small without many amenities but it was always clean. The front desk was always very busy but helpful in their way. Breakfast was nothing special, you can find a Starbucks 2 minutes away and many groceries stores inside the Euston station. Great choice if you are on a tight budget.	
Dec 20 2004	Good value for money	Location: very good; Rooms: tiny but CLEAN; Breakfast: good; Price: considering it is in central London (2' walk form Euston Station and 5' walk from Euston Square) the week-end price is nearly a bargain.TO SUM UP, if you're searching a nice hotel at a good price this is what you're looking for!	
Sep 26 2004	Not bad...		
Sep 20 2004	Very good		
Aug 23 2004	very good value		
Jul 28 2004	A good choice in London		
Jul 17 2004	good value		
Jul 6 2004	Okay		
Jun 29 2004	Watch Out for the Ibis London Euston		
Apr 10 2004	Can't Beat the Price		
Oct 2 2003	An Oasis in cental London		
Aug 28 2003	Convenient_Inexpensive_Nice Bar _Great Breakfast!!		
Nov 24 2009 	decoracion de la habitacion		
Nov 11 2009 	Funcional y cómodo		
Nov 10 2009 	nouvel an 2009		
Nov 10 2009 	Sehr schlecht für diese Preisklasse		
Nov 1 2009 	Hôtel à recommander pour les budgets moyens		
Oct 31 2009 	très bien		
Oct 30 2009 	Albergo confortevole in ottima posizione		
Oct 29 2009 	Super Hôtel bien placé!!		
Oct 28 2009 	Cómodo y bien comunicado		
Oct 9 2009 	meravigliosa Londra		
Oct 5 2009 	Buena relación calidad/precio por ubicación		
Sep 25 2009 	Tout simplement génial !!!		
Aug 21 2009 	Ottimo per breve vancanza		
Aug 19 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 24 2009 	très propre accueillant mais pas de personnel la nuit		
May 28 2009 	Hotel simple et bien situe		
May 12 2009 	Rien à reprocher on y retournera		
May 12 2009 	In linea con lo standard IBIS		
May 8 2009 	détail d'ampleur		
Apr 27 2009 	Buena ubicacion pero no volveria jamas		
Mar 22 2009 	Già stato 2 volte e ci tornerò		
Feb 16 2009 	Saubere und für London recht große Zimmer		
Oct 15 2008 	posizione strategica		
Oct 8 2008 	Ibis Euston St. Pancras London		
Sep 24 2008 	Ottima scelta!		
Aug 14 2008 	Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Aug 3 2008 	Hotel perfecto para estancias en Londres!!		
Mar 26 2008 	Esperienza più che positiva		
Mar 9 2008 	Idéalement situé		
Feb 23 2008 	Das Ibis war optimal		
Feb 22 2008 	bon rapport qualite prix pour le week end		
Nov 13 2007 	Ottima Location		
Sep 12 2007 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzobuona posizione		
May 31 2007	estupenda localización		
