	Great hotel	Stayed here with 3 kids. Had connecting rooms. Spacious, quiet, comfortable, nice pool, nice restaurant, great location, and good value. Nothing to complain about.	
	Very nice and accomodating	I stayed at the Park Lane for 6 nights on business. The proximity to the Tube was outstanding. The concierge and front desk were always helpful and never overbearing. I stayed in Room 431, which is a standard room. No view, but I couldn't care less. The room was probably 90% the size of a room I would expect in the States. If you travel in Europe, you know that is a pretty good sized room. Everything was clean. For breakfast, ask the conierge to send you to the little shop a block away on North Row. Much cheaper and better for breakfast.Another review is right. Not a lot of great restaurants around there. I did enjoy going to the Marlborough Head pub for standard English fare and some hand-pumped beer. Everyone was very nice to me there.Only cons: daily charge for wireless internet. About 2-3 extra fees tacked on to roomservice (delivery charge, tray pickup charge, etc.)Safe travels!Mark	
Nov 19 2009 	Felt very much at home at this hotel	Compared to earlier stays in so-called boutique hotels (even brand new ones) where often the airconditioning doesn't work or the rooms are terribly small and service is bad, I was really happy with this hotel. The (standard) room was spacious, very well lit, nicely furnished, not minimalistic like an office, very comfortable and inviting. Good airconditioning. Was surprised how quiet the room was on a saturday night. Had a room facing the rear. The bathroom was small, clean, nicely heated. The only thing I didn't like were the chrome appliances (handles in bathtub, towel rails and plug in bathtub) that were not polished, I'm not sure wether this was wear and tear or a lack of cleaning, although all the rest was very clean. Staff was very friendly, location couldn't be better (right next to tube station Marble Arch). The indoor swimming pool was exceptional, not cold and very well kept, with nice girl from Hungary at reception. Breakfast was very good, personnel very accommodating as well. Shame it's quite expensive, but with a favourable weekend rate it is feasable. Would gladly return.	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Location. Around the corner from Tube	I stayed in this hotel for 1 night as a layover in London. Front desk was accomodating since we arrived in the morning, after an overnight flight. I found my room to be surprisingly big...not huge, but roomy enough for what can be found in central London. I had breakfast at the restaurant: kippers and potatoes. It was delicious but not enough. I had a room with just a shower. The door to the shower was not in good condition; it fell off several times as I tried to open it. Also, there weren't too many restaurants in the area; I wound up at a charming Italian restaurant across the street from the hotel. Overall, I found the staff to be friendly and approachable. For my next visit, I'd look around for equally luxurious hotels...closer to more choices of fine dining.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location great stay	Got a terrific price on Priceline name your own price 5 star Mayfair/Soho, The location is terrific, right next to Marble Arch tube station and walking distance to Selfridge's! Ate at the Marlborough Head pub down the street, which was great. Check out the conveyor belt sushi at Selfridge's! The staff were all helpful, and our room was great. Would love to stay there again!	
Oct 31 2009 	Great London Hotel A+ Service and Location	I just returned from a rewards-paid trip to London and the Marriott Park Lane was a great spot. I'm a frequent Marriott traveler (120+ nights annually) and found this hotel to be on par with the best city hotels Marriott has to offer. It combines the business necessities with great amenities for leisure travel. We enjoyed the large pool in the basement and the up-to-date fitness center. The lobby bar is a good spot to hang and their service is outstanding; they also make a mean turkey club sandwich. The concierge staff was outstanding from booking airport car service to getting us a shipper box to pack champagne bought in France.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel great location!	Our stay was phenomenal. Our room was beautiful and had an amazing view of Hyde Park. For London standards, the room was very large. One of the best things about the hotel was the great pool and steam room. It was so nice after a long day of running around London to go back to the hotel and enjoy a nice swim and the steam room. The staff was great - all so nice and always so willing to help with anything. The restaurant was great, the location was great, everything about this hotel was great. Highly recommended!	
Oct 22 2009 	great location with large clean comfortable room.	We stayed here for 2 nights and were very impressed with all aspects of this hotel. It was so close to marble arch tube station and just on the corner of Oxford street. Our room was large and comfortable. Staff were helpful.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Hotel	We loved the hotel, great location, staff very friendly and helpful. Would stay there again!	
Oct 6 2009 	Marriott - Excellent	Beautiful rooms, walking distance to the Tube, I just loved it!	
Sep 23 2009	Great Stay!	After arriving after an early morning flight, I arrived at the Park Lane. Though it was before noon and my room was not ready yet, it was quickly arraigned to be cleaned while I relaxed in the lounge. Within the hour I was in the room and my great stay began! My bags had already been brought up! The room was comfortable and very clean. Though tight, it was plenty big for two people, though there wasn't a ton of room to spread out. The only grip that I had was the 15pound in room daily internet fee. Luckily there was free Wi-Fi in the executive lounge, but it would have been nice to get it in-room. But overall, great stay! (Oh, and the hotel is directly next to the Marble Arch tube station, so if you're planning to get around that way this is a fantastic place to stay!)	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Hotel great location........Great Marriott Hotel	Stayed here with a friend for the weekend and was the base for exploring the Ctiy. Must say the hotel was clean and the staff was friend and always gave you eye contact when about the hotel. Never exprience the food but the dirnks where great with good sevice form the bar staff. If visitng London again and could stay their i would.	
Sep 15 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay	Stayed four nights in late Aug 2009. Like another traveler I approached my stay with some trepidations but was pleased with my experience. I got the room through Priceline Negotiator and thought that might affect my room but it was nice and large with a king size bed. It was on the third floor and there was some street noise in the morning but I turned on the room’s fan and that blocked out most of the noise.It’s close to transportation and eateries. We never ate in the hotel so I can’t comment on the food. There is a small hole in the wall snack shop just out the main door and down the left on N Row called Cardinals. One of the doormen told me they have nice snacks and pastries. The pastries are good so that became our breakfast bar along with one visit to McDonalds. Big breakfasts were almost tiresome at this point of the trip and some simple pastries and junk food were a welcomed relief, yeah, I’m tacky, I know.We enjoyed our stay and I would definitely come again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Great location - Wonderful staff	We stayed here for three nights. Great location. Rooms were wonderful. Staff very friendly and helpfull. Restaurant great with excellent food. On the morning of our departure the breakfast room was not opened yet but they provided us with coffee and pastries. Will defenitely see me again.	
Aug 29 2009 	Very good overall great location	We enjoyed staying here as the location is excellent and the majority of the staff are extremely courteous and helpful. The hotel is very well presented and immaculately clean. We thank everyone there for making our stay so enjoyable; we were impressed. One member of staff, a bald man at the door age 30s-40s, was rude. We were in need of some assistance with getting a taxi to Paddington Station and tried to get his attention to ask a question. However this guy was in a world of his own, texting, and had no idea that we were even present. We had to ask him twice, and the second time my partner spoke more loudly in order to be heard. The man interpreted this as rudeness and rolled his eyes at us. My view is if customer service is not your thing, then don't take a job as a hotel doorman. This is just one individual however and although he did not affect our opinion of the hotel, it is the type of incident that is easy to remember since it was so out of keeping with the rest of the staff who were great. This shows the very high standard that hotels must maintain in order to retain a good customer impression. Overall this hotel is well recommended, great spot.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good quality Marriott	Stayed at the Park Lane Marriott on business and after reading some of the earlier Trip Advisor reviews I approached my stay with some trepidation. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Excellent quality staff from the doormen, to the receptionist to the restaurant waiting staff - all eager to please, very friendly and welcoming. I saw no kids running round the hotel and felt the establishment was very well managed. Basement meeting rooms were well supplied with coffee and nibbles and the staff dealt promptly and efficiently with requests for conference phones. Bedroom was to a high standard - typical Marriott furnishings and a resaonable size for central London. Right next door to Hyde Park and opposite Marble Arch tube station so well located. Having stayed in a number of substandard central London hotels over the past few months, I would definately consider returning to the Park Lane Marriott.	
Aug 6 2009 	Disappointed overall	I stayed here with my wife on Reward Points. Since it is supposed to be one of the nicest Marriotts in London, I think I had set my expectations too high. I was not incredibly familiar with London when choosing it. The location next to Hyde Park was perfect for a morning run, but it was too far from the tourist things we wanted to do. I would not stay here if I had to pay regular rates. The rooms were decent, it had a nice fitness center and pool, but nothing &quot;wowed&quot; me about this hotel.The executive lounge was the most un-relaxing lounge I have ever experienced. From early morning until late at night, it was used as a playground for children and their mothers (and nannies?). There were kids riding razor scooters through the lounge and running around constantly. The staff rarely did anything about it, and even let families in who did not have access cards. It was a very strange setup. Not sure if this is typical, or if I hit a bad week.	
Jul 25 2009 	Ok but shouldn't be listed as a 5 star	Went here for a night with my spouse for a quick getaway, so we weren't expecting too much, although as a 5-star in London we did expect a certain level of hotel.The rooms are spacious and clean, although we had to take a room on the smoking floor so it had a rather musty smell, and we were told that there were no other rooms available. Our mini bar was empty, so we had to ask to have it restocked. All of these problems were minor, but upon arrival we decided to make use of the 'all in one' entertainment package which was a flat fee for all movies, high speed internet and TV channels - the internet for my husband to check on his work. When we then tried to connect the laptop to the internet, we were informed that this would be another fee, as the internet within the package was 'tv internet' - a very slow and difficult service that is almost impossible to use. We spoke with the hotel and asked if we could reverse the charges for the so-called 'all in' package and were told that this was too difficult to do. When we pointed out that the package was rather misleading and we had never had this issue in any other hotel, we were told that 'if we refused to pay the charge, then we suppose the hotel can pick it up'. The suggestion being that we were trying to get out of paying our bills, to which we responded that it was not about the money, but rather the principle and how we were being treated in this supposed 5 star hotel.On check out the charge had indeed been removed, which went a little way to making up for the issues on check-in, but all in all the marriott left us with rather a sour taste particularly with the way that we were treated.	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent hotel	Our room was spacious, clean and comfortable. It was also very quiet as it faced the inside courtyard of the building. While looking out onto Hyde Park can be lovely it can also be very noisy. Location was very good, with public transport easily accessible and, being at the top of Park Lane and adjacent to Oxford Street, so was shopping. We went to the West End twice to see shows and on one occcasion walked back to the hotel so, as far as we were concerned, everything was within easy reach. Staff were very friendly. We did not eat at the hotel. Breakfast was very expensive so if you can get a deal with breakfast included that would be a big plus. We got a very good deal through hotels.com with three nights for the price of two. I would definitely recommend this hotel	
Jul 21 2009 	Beware thieves - and where's the duty of care of the hotel?	I was running a training course in the Hyde Park Suite in this hotel. last week. I was acting as an associate to a training company.We (10 participants and myself) broke for coffee in the adjacent coffee lounge on the first morning; the room would not lock because it was also a fire exit. Within a 10 minute period a thief had entered the room and stole bank cards, a driving licence, and a passport from delegates and myself. The theft was only discovered by one of the participants that evening - by others the next day, by myself the next evening.One of the stolen debit cards was used within 15 minutes of the start of our break.I have been left stranded in London (though British I currently live in France) for up to the 2 weeks it will take me to replace my passport. A debit and a credit card were also stolen from me. The Marriott hotel refuses to take any responsibility; will not arrange accommodation for me, basically, has done nothing.Speaking at director level hasn't helped (I discovered my loss Friday evening en route to travel home). I called first thing Saturday morning. It took 4 hours going up the chain of command till he called. His justification for not offering me any support is that the hotel is full; and as each Marriott hotel acts as an independent business, I cannot be offered accommodation at other Marriott brand hotels. He was not prepared to ask his colleagues at other hotels. He was not prepared to raise my issues higher - it was the weekend and he didn't want to disturb others within &quot;the brand&quot;.infIn off the record conversations with someone from the commissioning training company (the room hire contract was between them and the Marriott) everyone is busy ducking any responsibility or liability. But where does this leave me? With immense complications to my personal and professional lif, and having to let down other clients. And many hundreds of pounds out of pocket.So we think we are buying a brand - until there's a problem. We think we are buying a brand with values of customer service - until there's a problem. We expect a duty of care - and we're left stranded and told to claim on travel insurance that wouldn't actually cover this sort of instance.We think about hotels as venues for holidays. Hotels make a lot of money, business to business, as conference and meetings venues.What are your rights? What are our rights? Does anyone actually care?If you are attending a meeting in any hotel - be careful. What are your righrts? What are the hotel's responsibilities?If you are running a meeting in a hotel - the same questions ariseIf you are stuck in the middle - what can you do?	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Location OK Hotel	This hotel was in the fabulous Hyde Park/Oxford Street area, and couldn't have been more convenient. You can take the bus or Tube to almost anywhere and the staff were very helpful in getting us situated with maps and public transport. The hotel room was spacious and had all the right amenities--hair dryer, iron, ironing board, retractable line for hanging laundry, towel warming rack, lots of hooks and space in the bathroom, ample seating, great view of Hyde Park, very nice pool and sauna. The price was steep, but the location couldn't be beat.	
Jun 4 2009 	Enjoyed and would go back	Service was wonderful! From the moment the taxi pulled up to the moment we left, everyone was exceptional. Our bags were brought to all our rooms promptly, each person was asked if their ice bucket could be filled, was shown where everything was in room, etc. Location was great for easily getting around by bus and tube and only a 5 min walk to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant, Maze. Park was across street which was great for afternoon strolls and picnics (go to the food levels at Selfridges &amp; Harrods - both are close by). Bathrooms were awesome. Robes, heated towel racks - after a long airplane ride, it felt wonderful to stand in the shower to wash off &quot;airplane&quot;. Concierge gave wonderful directions and maps plus suggestions. Loved the pampering and service everyone was given.	
May 26 2009 	Nice but overated	Nice, but very small hotel - on Hyde park but our room had a view of a dirty old building. Stayed for 4 nights on points - could not upgrade us to the concierge level but gave us access to the lounge - good food - but no windows. Concierge staff and hotel staff were very helpful. Location is OK, but would be better to be closer in to attractions. Hotel is right on Oxford Street for shopping. Tiny lobby - uncomforatbly small - no place to sit. Would opt for a bigger hotel closer in next time. Nice but don't understand the high rating.	
May 21 2009 	Friendly clean convenient and comfortable.	I stayed here whilst I cam to London for the Marathon. I chose it because there was a 3 for 2 night deal on and it was convenient to both the end of the marathon and transport to the start. It is very handy for Oxford Street and London's green parks. My room was very comfortable and there was lots of room. Even though it was on a main road it was very quiet. I ordered room service for breakfast, and whilst it was a little pricey, which is only to be expected for such a centrally located large hotel, it was delivered with a smile and a polite 'good morning'.I recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London, looking for a trouble free, convenient central hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Liked it big rooms	Liked the park Lane and rooms where big for Europe standards. Loved the free wifi and here is the advice....make sure breakfast is included, can be price for an egg or two.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great London Experience	Just spent 5 nights at this hotel...booked via Expedia in a package that included a Club Room. Just as everyone has noted the room was large by UK standards with plenty of space even with a rollaway bed for our 16 year old daughter. The club option included access to the Executive Lounge with free wifi, breakfast, snacks, tea, etc. The pool was great, the exercise room well equipped though small. The location right at Marble Arch was very convenient to the Underground. Our room faced Park Lane but we never really heard street noise and the curtains were amazing at shutting out light. I would definitely stay again. At $300/night I thought we might be paying too much but the location + Executive Lounge made this an excellent value!	
Mar 28 2009 	First class	A typical first class hotel with perfect service. Just make sure that breakfast is included in the price. Otherwise you will get a rather unpleasant suprise when being presented with the bill. In overall, a really good experience, with a great location in the corner of Hyde Park, next to Speaker's Corner and the underground station of Marble Arch	
Mar 26 2009 	Functional and pleasant	We stayed six nights using Marriott platinum points. (Value is a quess, since we didn't pay.) The smallish room seemed standard for London, with a limited view of the park. It was comfortable and spotlessly maintained. The food in the executive lounge was more than adequate for breakfast and, occasionally, a light dinner. The staff was cordial and helpful. The Park Lane describes itself as a boutique hotel. We wouldn't. Charming isn't a word we'd choose. It's a small, functional and satisfactory full-service Marriott.	
Mar 26 2009 	Convenient Location Spacious Room	It's located right off the Marble Arch underground station - perfect location to venture around. Room's spacious and clean. Service's great, especially in Marriott's standard. We checked in and out in a breeze. Gym and swimming pool looks nice - even though we didn't have a chance to use them.Basically everything you can ask for for a city hotel, and with a great deal we got, it's perfect.	
Feb 26 2009 	Fine but over-rated!	If you are to read previous reviews for this hotel (as I did) before staying here then there is great possiblity of being somewhat disappointed on your arrival. overall, the hotel is fine and does not leave you instantly regretting your booking. However, the price of the hotel does not represent value for money (although this is london and the price of everything is inflated). I stayed here for 2 nights in January and upon booking a double room was perhaps expecting more. The hotel itself is suprisingly large and detracts from the atmosphere. The size of the room is adequate. However, the windows in the room leave alot to be desired. While there are two sets of windows, neither is capable of blocking out noise. In an age when double glazing windows should be the minimum, this is particularly disappointing. This would not be such an issue if the hotel was not located beside a main road. On the positive side, the bars are very nice and the availablility of sky sports in the room was very nice.	
Feb 25 2009 	An elegant oasis in Mayfair	As a well-traveled American I am spoiled and expect certain standards not always found in England. The Park Lane Marriott exceeds those standards. No detail here has been overlooked. The hotel is brilliantly located, in the heart of Mayfair. You can walk everywhere. You can take quiet little side streets which exude architectural charm, or go one block and you're on bustling Oxford, where you can buy just about anything. The tube station is a few steps and so is Marks and Spencers and Boots, where travelers can stock up on basics.The minute we walked in, we were acknowledged immediately and our bags were whisked to our rooms. All the employees were friendly and gracious, went out of their way for us. The hotel is wonderfully modern and elegant. The rooms are quiet, spotless and well thought out. The bathroom is decent size with touches of luxuries everywhere. We both took ridiculously long hot showers and never ran out of hot water. The rates. We stayed for a 3-day weekend. I think it's best to book through Marriott's reservation service. You're not going to get a better deal through a third party. We paid 179 pounds for two days, then they threw in the third day for free. We also opted for the Executive Lounge, an extra 50 pounds a day. This enables you to save on food, as breakfast, afternoon tea and an evening lite meal/snacks are provided, as well as drinks and expressos throughout the day. We found it was a good place to come and recoup after the museums. Note: Most of the rooms don't have views, but it didn't negatively impact our trip. We weren't in the room much, and for the value we felt it was worth it. Internet service was 15.00 GB a day, but if you've opted for the Executive Lounge, you can access the Internet for free with your laptop in the lounge area.	
Feb 22 2009 	Outstanding servicecant wait to return	My husband and I booked this hotel on the basis of recommendations on this site. We were certainly not disappointed. The hotel itself is beautiful, so clean, spacious and nicely decorated. The location was superb for seeing all the freat sights of London, and Marble Arch tube station was right next to the hotel. What sets this hotel apart from the many others we have stayed in are the exceptional staff members, all of whom combine to make your stay a unique pleasurable experience. The personal greetings, courteous door staff and outstanding room service was the best we have ever experienced. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anybody looking for a pleasurable stay in London	
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent	Location, location, location. Walking distance to much, easy subway to everywhere. The hotel is almost perfect, great pool, great staff etc. I stay in 100 hotel nights per year and I rate this one of the best. The rooms are a wee bit under average for an American but correct for most European rooms. There is a great and inexpensive Italian rest. nearby, Prezzos (spelling).. Easy walking, two or three blocks.	
Feb 10 2009 	What a great time!	My wife and I spend the weekend at the London Marriott Park Lane. We were staying on points but still go upgrated to a magnificent Mayfair Suite with view over Hyde Park. Just incredible for London! The decoration is quite modern for a Marriott and everything is in perfect state. We coudl enjoy the sunset on Hyde Park from the sofa...driking a complementary glass of wine.The hotel has an Executive Lounge open from 6am to 12pm. The breakfast is continental (okay). No egg provided. The buffet at the main restaurant is not much better but you can order omelets, pancakes etc...Tea is served in the afternoon with scones and cakes. Canapés and then dessert starting at 5.30pm.In the basement there is a pool, a gym and a steam bath. Everything is very clean. The pool size is okay. The gym is very modern.The staff is great. The receptionist took some time to show us around when we arrived. The concierge is very helpful. No worries whatsoever.That was one of the best stay in an European capital.	
Feb 7 2009 	Spacious rooms perfect location	It's not cheap, but you get what you pay for. The rooms are spacious and elegant. Friendly staff, good food and drinks. Perfectly located in Mayfair by Hyde Park/Marble Arch. Meeting rooms were also high quality. Did not try the pool and fitness facilities.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Location	This Marriott has a wonderful location; right by the Marble Arch and steps to Hyde Park. We were able to walk across the park to Harrods, and step out the door to the metro. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated.The staff was very welcoming. They honored all requests promptly and remembered preferences in drinks at the bar. Our only disappointment was the breakfast. It was included with the room (as breakfast in the UK can be very expensive otherwise). It was a buffet, but the hot part (eggs, sausage, etc) were sometimes cold, sometimes watery. I stuck to cereal and yogurt.	
Jan 18 2009 	Wow -- Great Hotel	Wow -- we did a quick 'city break' to London with our family. This hotel had it all -- location, service, price - everything. Steps away from the Marble Arch station, adjoining Hyde Park -- and with that, very easy access to all major sites. We even walked to Buckingham Palace and then on to Parliament from the hotel. The staff was friendly, helpful and really ready to answer any questions, issues or to give advice. Nice bar area in the evening, and a great breakfast buffet included in our price.	
Dec 22 2008 	great hotel!	I loved this hotel! It was very modern and welcoming. The beds were so comfortable. The staff was very helpful and professional, the concierge recommended an amazing indian food restaurant and got us reservations for the same night. It was so good we even went back a few days later! The decor was beautiful, even the carpet was gorgeous, which never happens in a hotel. The pool was fantastic, along with the sauna and exercise facilities. The area was great, right across the street from the Marble Arch and Hyde Park and a tube station literally steps away. There was also a lot of nice shopping in the area. We did have a small problem with being billed for phone conversations that didn't happen (I tried to dial, but it didn't work and we were somehow billed over $100), but the manager took care of it to the best of his ability, although I do think the situation could have been handled better and more promptly, he first sent some random bell boy to our room and stare at the phone and see if he could help us. Obviously he had no idea what to do, stared at the phone for a few minutes, dialed some more so we were charged more, and then left. Frustrating, but not a big deal. Just be careful with the phones, I would recommend getting a phone card from the shop around the corner (right next to the tube entrance) and just using it in the payphones. Overall, I would for sure stay again!	
Dec 21 2008 	Raving about this Marriott!	My mom and I stayed here recently for her birthday celebration in London--from the moment we arrived from the U.S. we were warmly greeted, including the hotel manager who came out to introduce himself, gave us his card and gave helpful tips on how to make the most of our five day stay. We're not special, they just know service at this hotel! We arrived hours before check-in so we settled into the hotel bar/restaurant for a delicious lunch that helped ease the jetlag. They rushed to prepare our room and we were able to get in for some much needed rest two hours ahead of check-in--plus, they personally escorted us to the room to show us how the lights, tea, etc. work! Incredible service. To top it all off, the next day mom and I ended up catching a very serious stomach flu and not only did the hotel night manager call a Dr. to the room (per our inquiry), he phoned several times over the next two days to check on our status. I have been raving about this perfect location, beautifully, large, appointed room and service ever since we arrived home last week. Can't wait to return.	
Nov 22 2008 	Excellent service clean rooms modern property	The best thing about this hotel is the quality of the staff, and the speed and accurate responsiveness of service in general. That can't be said for many hotels in London, and so it's this unusually positive stand-out experience that prompts my review. I found the housekeeping especially good, with my room very clean and well serviced (and it was also very quiet). The property looks relatively new, and so the feeling is modern and upscale with little apparent 'wear and tear.' Another plus: the television was a brand-new large-screen flat-panel. Probably the only discordant note from my stay involved the inaccurate charges caused by an overzealous 'automatic'-type mini-bar (which the front desk staff cleared-up upon checkout). Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially on a points redemption.	
Nov 3 2008 	A great view of a window well and trash....	The room was comfortable (not great for the $$) and the location was nice, but the view was of a window well that had trash in it and no more than 8 feet from our window was the windows of another room looking back at us.Asked for any rooms with a view and they indicated the hotel was booked, and it may have been, but there was no one in the restaurant at breakfast so I was somewhat dubious.	
Oct 23 2008 	Location Location Location	We were absolutely surprised by how much we loved this hotel. We thought another bog standard business hotel. We had the cheapest rooms, albeit the had no view, the rooms were amazing. Huge bed with frette linen, 4 king size down feather pillows. Couldnt say enough nice things about the hotel. The staff were extremely friendly. The restuarant quite nice. But the location was just perfect for shopping or sightseeing.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location.	This is a great hotel the rooms are very nice.The view from our room was not that great but what can you expect when using MR Points. The lounge access was awesome. They had breakfast, tea, small pasta dishes and desert buffet. Not to mention juices and different kinds of drinks. The indoor pool was also great. Watch out if your planning to use in room internet access because the cost was 15pounds/ 26 USD per day. Overall I will stay here every time I got to London in the future.	
Oct 15 2008 	Very convenient for chasing squirrels in Hyde Park	Booked via Marriott website, easy and convenient. We were upgraded to a suite on arrival which was a wonderful gesture for a 3-day stay and we were given an extended check-out time upon asking.The service was fantastic in this hotel, prices were not cheap, but in terms of overall value it was great. Everything was as stated on website, everything worked in room, food was excellent, service was exemplary with one minor order placement problem with room service breakfast. .Location was ideal for needs which was mainly sightseeing and allowing toddlers to chase squirrels in Hyde Park. Hotel is directly opposite Speakers Corner.Loved it! Great hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Hotel Great location	Very courteous, helpful staff. Great room. Great location. Nice amenities in the Executive Suite. Certainly would stay there again. The bus stops and Tube stations were just across the street. Many, close-by, varied places to eat. Just a great experience.	
Oct 3 2008 	Excellent staff	We stayed at the MPL for a weekend visit to London. We selected this particular hotel as we were going to a Prom on the Friday and thought it was close enough to walk across the Park to the Albert Hall.The checking in process was smooth and professional. The room was very pleasant, and although we were told it had a view of the Park, this was only possible by leaning to one side and getting a glimpse. It did have a view of Marble Arch so we could not really complain.For once we booked an executive room so we had the use of the executive longe for snacks, drinks and breakfast. This worked really well as it was less formal than the restaurant breakfast, and although the choice was not so extensive, there was enough.We did not eat in the restaurant as we had eaten out both days of our stay, but the bar staff brought plenty of nibbles to go with the wine we had.The location is in quite a busy area and so the bar was buzzing, however we did not notice any major noise at night in our room.Am not so sure it is a reasonable walk to the Albert Hall - although it was not too bad going as it was a pleasant evening, we did get a taxi back after walking part of the way as it did seem much longer, but that could have been the effect fo the wine drunk in the restaurant.On Saturday we spent the morning sightseeing, Hyde Park, Marble Arch, No 1 London and surrounding area, Green Park, Royal Academy and a wander back through Regent Street, Bond Street and Oxford Street etc. before having lunch at Spaghetti House, on Woodstock Street. This was excellent, very good service and value for money.The trip to the theatre in the evening was a fairly short taxi ride. Overall a good stay and would certainly go back.	
Sep 24 2008 	Fabulous! Can't wait to go back!	This was our first trip to London and we spent 7 nights at the this hotel. The room, the service, the Executive Lounge, the pool, the work out room, and the staff were all fabulous. We hated to leave! The best way to describe it is like a cross between all the amenities of a large hotel with the intimacy of a bed and breakfast. And the location was terrific for touring London. It's just a few seconds to the Underground. We can't wait to go back!	
Sep 10 2008 	Oh My!	I could go on and on about how much I loved our stay at the Park Lane! The service was EXCELLENT. Formal, yet warm, if that makes any sense, really the best kind of service- you really felt they were there to help. Marriott Executive Club members take note! Executive Lounge was excellent, great food and service. Last day, told the gal working there we were leaving, and she encouraged us to load up on juices and waters, plus came ouf of the back with a 4 pack of yogart for the road for us. Also, being Marriottxexecutive club members, they upgraded us to the penthouse suite, overlooking the Hyde Park. Loved the beds (all Marriott beds are great) the room had a solid feel - full of hardwoods and marble, heavy doors and fixures, good colors, great feel. Everything in the lobby was gleaming, When we arrived, someone was buffing out the stairs by hand, on hands and knees. Great flowers, and the attenants had cute uniforms with top hats. I was thrilled to be here. I can compare it to Grovsner House, which was also good, but I think the Park Lane had that little something extra (warm friendly service). Hats off!!	
Jul 26 2008 	Wonderful Stay	We stayed 5 nights and just loved this hotel! We were vacationing for a month and this was our 1st stop and we were not disappointed. We were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary and we were treated like royalty. We got a great price on Priceline. The hotel upgraded our room and gave us a bottle of Piper-Heidseick champagne. We had visited that winery last year while we were in Paris and it is a very yummy champagne! The staff was great! I would definitely reccommend this boutique hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great location Great Service	We stayed here for one week using Marriott rewards. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel clean with lovely flower arrangements in all public places. Our room was large, even by American standards.We did notice the front desk encouraging people to upgrade to the executive level as has been mentioned in previous reviews. However, they were never high pressure and so very willing to provide excellent service.We had them remove the contents of the minibar and were able to use the fairly large in room refrig. to help keep costs down while in London.The tube is literally just around the corner. The doubledecker sightseeing buses stop about 200 feet away. There are two large food halls and one small convenience store within two blocks. The neighborhood has many restaurants for all budget categories. Hyde park was a lovely spot to take a stroll in the evenings. The number 15 bus passes by the hotel and takes you to Picadilly, Trafalgar Square, St. Pauls, and the Tower of London.A cab ride from Paddington station (if you take Heathrow express or Heathrow connect) costs about 6.5 pounds.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great hotel!	I stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights while my parents were in London visiting me. (I lived there for six months) This hotel was in a great location-near Hyde Park and Buckingham Palace- and had very friendly staff. The rooms were very clean and quiet. The bathroom was a little small, but fine for me and my parents. The beds were comfortable and the room was a good size. I would definitely recommend this hotel to other travelers. They also have a nice tea room downstairs, although there wasn't a lot of light. The conceirge was very helpful and provided free maps, would call for reservations and set up drivers. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience.	
Jul 9 2008 	Marriott Park Lane - An Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Marriott Park Lane using Marriott points in early July 2008.The hotel is excellent, but is VERY expensive.The staff is very high quality, very helpful.The rooms and public areas are excellent.Except for price, I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	Excellent hotel highly recommend	My husband and I recently spent a week in London, attending Wimbledon the first two days of the week and being typical tourists the rest of the time. We were very happy with this hotel. Located in the center of London, it was easy to travel to many parts of the city. The underground (subway) entrance is just around the corner. The hotel itself was very nice. The room was spacious (for London), very comfortable and clean. It was equipped with a nice-sized (probably 32&quot;) LCD TV. The staff was extremely courteous and happy to help with any questions. We felt that the location was safe. We easily walked to different eating places (just ask the concierge for recommendations) and there was a supermarket just a block away where we picked up sunscreen and snacks for the room (the mini bar was too expensive - $6/can of coke). The restaurant was also too expensive and we did not eat there. Definitely a full service hotel. We highly recommend it and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 15 2008 	Very classy hotel near Oxford Street	Should come as no surprise, but the Park Lane was definitely very classy. The rooms were well appointed and the front desk staff did everything in their power (i.e. early/late check out) to make our stay pleasant.Great location on the tube, less than half a block from Oxford Street shopping. Fantastic pool, gym, and changing area. Highly recommended.	
Jun 14 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Experience All Around	My husband and I celebrated my milestone birthday in London last week and couldn't have selected finer accomodations. We've always avoided American hotels while traveling in order to have a more genuine experience but were tired of dingy rooms, thread-bare sheets, noisy tour groups, etc. that we always seem to encounter, so decided to break our own rule for a change. Wow - we were not disappointed in any way! The hotel was gorgeous, spotlessly clean and the service excellent. The location is perfect with everything you need literally at your doorstep. We had requested a quiet room and were placed in a lovely room facing the sidestreet. The only noise we heard in our 6 night stay was an occasional siren in the distance. It was surreal to leave the hotel each morning and walk into the thick of the action outside - the people, buses, tube station, Oxford St., which we were oblivious to while inside. The peace of the hotel was a welcome relief at the end of the day. After one particularly long day of sightseeing, we were surprised to hear a knock at our door. A bottle of champagne was delivered as a birthday gift from the hotel. It was such a nice gesture and was greatly appreciated.We would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 7 2008 	Upscale Living in the heart of Mayfair	First of all, got a very good rate of $175 GBP plus taxes which includes full English breakfast for 2 people. Stayed for 8 nights from May 18-26, 2008. The London Marriott Park Lane is a 5 Star luxury boutique hotel in the heart of London's upscale Mayfair. Fantastic location and excellent base for exploring London:1. Marble Arch station is right BESIDE the hotel - Marble Arch station is on the Central Line which takes you to major attractions both West and East bound.2. Oxford Street is right around the corner - for London's world class shopping. Who says London is expensive - PRIMARK store is just a few steps away where you can score 5 pound jeans and 20 pound suit jackets!3. Hyde Park is right across and the Marble Arch. Go for a stroll, a jog or a lunch picnic.4. Sainsbury is right across the street as well, just in case you need to stock up on water or basic groceries for your stay.The London Marriott Park Lane's Isotonic pool is gorgeous and is one of the very few indoor pools in central London. It has steam room with wall to wall marble, very clean and unlimited supply of robes and towels. The mood lighting that continually changes colours make the pool feel like a spa. Very soothing and relaxing. The gym is open 24 hours with a good selection of machines, weight set, flatscreen TV, water cooler etc. The fitness centres reception offers fresh fruit daily as well as a selection of high end London and international magazines. And there are Hildon high end bottled water as well! Wow, so classy. When I was there, an attendant is not present ALL the time but I did not mind at all because the feeling was like being in your own home and enjoying your privacy. Not like you are being watched. The staff show up always at the perfect time, almost clairvoyant, especially when you need something.The Lobby was gorgeous, and adorned with fresh flowers as in the Marriott tradition. Upon arrival, a doorman in full English regalia complete with the top hat greeted us and assisted us off our conveyance. Luggages were taken care of right there and taken all the way up to the Front Desk. Everyone was glad to see us. The staff were international as you would notice in their accents. Check in was speedy and very friendly. The Guest Service Agent gave us a quick tour of the lobby area where the restaurants and business centre are before escorting us to the lifts. The bellperson followed suit with our luggages. The room was immaculate and the Marriott Revive Bed almost made me jump into it right away but the bellperson was still there and did something unexpected. Showed us salient details of the room and how to reach them if we needed assistance. Wow. This is a first in my many years of Marriott experience. The room we were assigned had a courtyard view had a king bed, flat screen tv, huge closets a mini bar, marble bathroom wow, it was just perfect. It smelled very good too!Full English breakfast buffet - very very good selection and comprised of the classic English breakfast items. Service was very personal and attentive and we were always sat by the windows with great views of Hyde Park and the hustle and bustle of central London. Coffee however was not that good, not sure if it is as popular to tea in London. But, I guess it was a blessing in disguise because the selection of other beverages were very satisfactory. The smoked fish selection and cold cuts were enjoyable, the waffles and the pancakes were very delectable as well. I requested a truffle and goat cheese omelette and OMG, to my surprise the breakfast chef when out of his way to make it for me. I was so touched. You can see him make calls because the restaurant has an open kitchen concept. The internet connection is 15 GBP per 24 hours or a package of 75 GBP for 7 days. I tried the 7 day package but on the 2nd day there were connection problems and their provider IBAHN politely informed me that they have been experiencing technical problems all over Europe. They reversed the charge and offered me 1 day free internet service for the inconvenience. But not only that, they offered me other alternatives such as the business centre and the locations of nearby internet cafes should I require internet service before their system is restored. I like that. Most hotels just tell you that their system is down and you will have to wait. You will be lucky if they do apologize.Be careful about the mini bar however because the new system is such that your account is charged everytime you pull an item out of the tray/shelf. It has a sensor that recognizes the removal but still puts the charge through even if you just check out the item and put it back. The front desk will gladly reverse it anyway. Just be honest and nice about it. I abhor people who screw hotels by dishonestly disputing charges even if they did consume it.Requests for clean up or additional items such as towels or toiletries were very prompt. Turndown service was very much appreciated you walk into your room after a very long day and the room is just ready for you! The chocolates on the bed very a nice touch. Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Marriott and in fact I have booked 10 more nights for my next spring visit!	
Jun 1 2008 	220 us dollars a night through priceline- needed three rooms for three nights	this hotel was fantastic- 5 star hotel for a three star price through priceline. The location was terrific close to all shopping and restaurants The rooms were spotless- the front desk people were very helpful and friendly- and funny!!!	
May 31 2008 	Great Service Great Location 	Great location just steps from Marble Arch tube station and a number of bus stops. Location to Oxford Street gave us easy access to shopping &amp; restaurants. Traveling with 3 children, the connecting rooms were perfect. King room was handicapped accessible room, so lots of space for a rollaway. Sainsbury a block away and staff removed mini-bar items so we could use the fridge for drinks &amp; snacks. Room was spotless and every item we requested was delivered within minutes. Kids loved the pool and adults appreciated the sauna after a hard day of site seeing. Staff was outstanding. Concierge &amp; Bell staff answered all our questions, entertained the children while we asked questions, they made helpful suggestions on transportation and things to do in the area.	
May 30 2008 	Top Class	Stayed here earlier in the year while in London for the weekend with my wife and young son. This is an A1 property, low on bling but high on class and discretion. The entire experience from check in to check out was from the top drawer.The room was tasteful and newly renovated. No dodgy modern stylings here, just good quality furnishings complimented by a truly fantastic bed (and large flat screen TV).Brilliant location right at the corner of Park Lane &amp; Oxford Street.Just one complaint - no free high speed internet access, but that's par for the course for high class hotels these days :(	
May 28 2008 	Great service large quiet and comfortable room	This hotel is well-located right next to Marble Arch Underground at Oxford Street. We walked to great shopping and restaurants in 5-10 mins. The room was amazingly large by London standards and extremely comfortable and quiet. I think we may have had a handicapped accessible room based on layout and size. My parents had another room which was presumably in the same class but was quite a bit smaller, but still very nice and they loved it. The concierges were helpful and the bellmen were very polite and gave great service. We also stayed at the Marriott Regents Park earlier in the trip and this hotel was 10 times better for a little more money. We paid about $250/night per room US dollars including all taxes and fees, which is more than we like to spend, but it was well worth it in this case.My only &quot;complaint&quot; with Marriott as well as other hotels of this range is that they nickel and dime you for Internet service. They have the high speed Internet anyway because the staff use it. I say if you have a laptop, you should have the Internet access thrown in as part of your stay. Many hotels that cost less do this. Anyway, great stay at Marriott London Park Lane. Will return.	
Apr 27 2008	Great Hotel Great Staff Great Location.	We were very impressed with our pre-booking information for the Marriott Park Lane and the communications we had were prompt and professional. All was great until we got to check-in where the one and only thing to let the hotel down was the rather unfriendly Guest Services Manager. This individual aside, everyone else at the hotel was extremely helpful and friendly. The room was immaculate and spacious, the bar service was great as was the breakfast. We paid the full rate - as we were using vouchers - and so it was quite pricy for two nights. In total the B&amp;B rate was £538 for two nights which we thought was quite steep but given the experience and the location, we were not disappointed and would go again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great hotel in a great location!	We stayed 2 nights at the Marriott Park Lane, using hotel reward points for the stay. We were also immediately given the option of the 100 pound upgrade to an executive room and declined. Our room on the 2nd floor had an inside view of the other side of the hotel but was very quiet. No outside road noise, or noise from other rooms could be heard at all. Very peaceful. We felt the room was a good size, even by American standards. The room was immaculately clean, with wonderful amenities for tea/coffee, large flat-screen TV, and nightly shoe-shine service. The bathroom was spotlessly clean too and had a great shower. The bed and bedding were very comfortable and we had a great night's sleep. The staff, particularly the bellman, were very helpful in giving suggestions for great nearby pubs and restaurants. The proximity to the tube and tour bus operators was a big plus. Everyone in the lobby greeted us every time we came in the hotel. We did not dine in the hotel restaurant or use room service. Overall, I would definitely come back - great service, great room, and great staff!	
Apr 15 2008 	Overall good stay	We stayed for a weekend. Check in was fine, helpful door staff and reception polite although not particularly friendly. Tried to push the £100 executive upgrade quite heavily. We declined since my experience of this is that you want to claim your £50's worth daily which can detract from your stay! Room was large by London standards and well designed in Marriott way. No view but no traffic noise either so was fine.Hotel is located next to Marble Arch tube so fab location. There are plenty of places to get breakfast around so no problems there.Bar was expensive and service slightly condesending. Everything expensive but then it is London and is what you expect. Would stay again as good location and very typical Marriott experience.	
Apr 8 2008 	Lovely Experience	I arrived at the Marriott for a one night stay, having to change hotels due to availablity at the other hotel. It was before 10:00 a.m., and yet was given a room immediately. I was offered an executive upgrade for 100 pounds sterling, and a second, less expensive upgrade for 50. The 100 upgrade included a larger room with a view, access to the executive center, breakfast, afternoon tea, evening hors d'ouevre, and non-alcoholic beverages. I declined.I was given a room on the second floor with a tiny bit of a view of Hyde Park. The rest of the view was of attractive facades across the street. The room was large, by most standards, not just London standards. It had a king bed with wonderful bedding. I always sleep well at Marriotts. There was a desk with chair, an easy chair, a small table, and a large, flat panel TV. There were lots of channels in English and various languages. The bath was small, with granite topped surfaces. The granite behind the toilet was pieced and very poorly done. Considering the attractiveness of everything else in the hotel, I was surprised to see the granite with holes and gaps in it. There were two bathrobes, and the standard Marriott toiletries. The bath was immaculate.There was a tea service, which included tea, coffee, hot chocolate, and shortbread. I had two problems while there- the tea kettle blew a fuse. Engineering was up within 3 minutes to fix it and give me a new kettle. Then I wanted to take a bath with the wonderful bath ballistic I had bought at Lush, only to find no stopper in the tub. They sent someone up with one, again in less than 5 minutes. There was turndown service, which I declined. There were also free newspapers to choose from, with your choice on the door very early. As to be expected in London hotels, room service was expensive. Breakfast was about 50 US dollars, but you could also get an On the Run breakfast for about 10 US dollars. It included bread/pastry items and a drink, picked up in the restaurant. I felt this was a GREAT option- I wish all the Marriotts I've stayed at had this choice. Normally I would go out for breakfast- this gave me the chance to run back up and eat in my room. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Although I was there only one night, many greeted me by name. Concierge was helpful. The location was also exceptional. I am now spoiled and will have to stay here in the future, although I was always happy with South Kensington in the past. I regret that I did not have afternoon tea at the hotel. We like to try the tea at different hotels/department stores in London. (So far our favorite has been the Dorchester, with the Ritz a not-so-close second. Dorchester is just a few blocks down from the Marriott if you want to try their tea- you need to book.)I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 1 2008 	great and friendly staff	The Park Lane Marriott which is across the street from Hyde Park and about 75 yards from the Marble Arch has such a great location.The London subway is right outside their door as well as great shopping on Oxford Street. The rooms are very quiet, comfortable and large for London. The staff is well trained and very helpful. They provided great service . The lobby is not much to talk about, just functional, but the staff makes up the difference and makes you feel at home.  The Park Lane Marriott Is A good value for what you get, compared to other hotels in London . I would Stay there again and recomendthis hotel if you don't need the who's who's factor. If that's importantspend more money and stay somewhere else.	
Mar 31 2008 	Not what it should be	When you show up after 4 I don't think you should have to wait for 40 minutes to get your room at a so called 5* hotel. I also don't like being told repeatedly by a front desk clerk, that the doorman had to go find since there was no one at the desk when I arrived, to go wait in the cafe so I will not have their attention (although it would have been a relief from listening to staff in the lobby complain about their jobs). I don't like not getting wake up calls. I really don't like having opinion surveys placed on my pillow every night. If you can get a great deal on Priceline it's ok. If not, use the big bucks they otherwise charge on a hotel that is better managed.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Hotel....We want to go back!!	My daughter and I stayed at the Marriott in Park Lane for one night after going to see The Sound of Music. We arrived at the Hotel over 3 hours before check in but we were allocated a room on the top floor with views of Hyde Park and Marble Arch straight away. We enjoyed a swim in the pool and the following day visited the Gym as well. I opted for the Continental Breakfast and my daughter only wanted cereal and toast. I was pleased to see that I was only charged for 1 breakfast which I though was very fair. All the staff were friendly and attentive to your every need. We can't wait to go back there. We walked back to the Hotel from The Palladium where the sound of music was showing (fantastic show!!) and it only took about 20 mins. All the shops are close by, including Selfridges. All in all we had a fantastic time and would recommend any woman travelling alone or with young children to consider the Marriott in Park Lane as you wont be disappointed.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great location average Marriott	The Marriott Park Lane is right next to Marble Arch tube station, across from Hyde Park and behind Oxford St. You could not ask for a better location in London. However, the room was very small and although clean and updated, no more so than any other Marriott I've stayed in before, but the price is much higher than your average Marriott. Overall I think despite the wonderful location, this hotel is not a good value and you might be better off staying somewhere on the outskirts of London and commute to the city center by tube or bus. You might even have some money left to enjoy this wonderful city!	
Feb 28 2008 	Lovely stay	Just returned from a 3 night stay. Hotel is centrally located to underground, shopping, sightseeing, etc. Rooms are large Marriott rooms with comfortable beds. The hotel has more of a boutique feel rather than that a grand Park Lane hotel which only adds to the comfort. The entire staff was wonderful!	
Feb 15 2008 	Great Hotel	This hotel was by far the best one we stayed at while in Europe. Myself and two friends (all in our mid 20's) stayed here for 3 nights before going to Amsterdam. The staff was very friendly and helpful with everything by telling us which pubs to go to and how to get around the city. Bartenders also were very nice. We even showed them how to make Jeager Bombs. They kept the bar open for us one night even though they were supposed to have closed already. The rooms were very nice with great views and huge bathrooms. Great location with access to the Underground and Hyde Park within seconds from the front door. One night we were throwing the football in front of the Hotel at 4 in the morning and the door guy joined in with us. He was from Australia and had never thrown a football before so we showed him how. I would think most hotels would have frowned on doing this but this Hotel was very friendly to its customers like that. If I were to go back to London, I would without a doubt stay here again.	
Feb 11 2008 	Lovely stay at Park Lane	Stayed one night at Marriott Park Lane, with our two children, we had interconnecting rooms. Staff were very welcoming, rooms were large, clean and very comfortable, (especially beds) and the Pool was excellent. Food was great, the inclusive breakfast was fabulous, hot food and pancakes too! I generally felt that the whole experience was just as we would want it to be, and the location near Oxford St and Hyde Park was lovely.	
Feb 1 2008 	Great Stay in London	Following a week Paris and visiting with family outside of London, my husband and I decided at the last minute to go into London for the remaining 3 nights of a 2 week holiday. We booked on a last minute name your own price website and were incredibly pleased with our luck! The price paid was less than half the advertised rate and was incredible for this 5 star hotel! The staff couldn't do enough for us, even though the hotel was completely full. The beds were terribly comfy, rooms very large, everything top notch. However, being a 5 star hotel in London, everything on site was VERY expensive. In-room wi-fi was 25 pounds per day, one cocktail and one tonic water at the bar was nearly 60 USD and the price for room service &quot;full English&quot; breakfast, 25 pounds!! Nearly 60 USD PP!!!!! Thankfully, the concierge happily pointed us toward a tiny cafe only a few steps from the hotel's entrance that had a delicious full English, as well as snacks and sammies for lunch, only 6 pounds for breakfast...full of taxi drivers and construction workers, it was the &quot;real&quot; London!The hotel is just across from a tube station as well as the park and Marble Arch. For tourists, one of the double decker bus tours stops just in front of the hotel, very convenient!With the location, convenience and luxury, will certainly stay here again.	
Jan 17 2008	Location and Comfort	Stayed 2 nights before going over to Amsterdam. Used points to upgrade room. Nice location but a bit of higher cost than we would have expected. We did have to wait an hour after check in to get our room so that was not really good. After we got to our room all was well and we enjoyed our stay. Might try another hotel next trip to Europe but really few complaints. Concerige was very good at giving us recommendations of things to do and see. Cost of taxi to Heathrow was about $150 USD and that was to costly maybe next time we will not let the hotel arrange the taxi, it was a scary ride as we had to tell the driver several times to slow down.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great Stay At the Marriott Park Lane	Great Stay at the Marriott Park Lane over New Years for 4 nights.Recommend priceline for a great deal at this hotel. The hotel is located on the corner of Park Lane and Oxford street. Hyde Park is across the street. Shopping galore on Oxford street and good places to eat within short walking distance from the hotel. The staff is wonderful--everyone friendly and very helpful in all departments.the room is wonderful for england or europe. roomy, clean, coffe and tea facilities (free) comfy king size bed and great bathrrom. in-room safe, robes, heated towels. Ice machine down the hall. Good location to use the tube--half a block to the the marble arch tube connection on the circle line I believe--easy change at Bond street for the jubilee line to green park(buckingham palace) and and westminister ( big ben and westminister abbey) or the picadilly line to knightsbridge (harrod's) one way and picadilly cicus and covent gardens the other way) .. Also easy to all other points in central London. about $10 usd for a day pass but can also do a 3 day pass and save some $$$. try and avoid the tube at rush hour as it can get mighty crowded but each stop is pretty close . Taxi's are also easy to get almost everywhere in London. They are efficient and friendly.The dollar does not go far in England and London especially, but if you look for bargains like we did you can have a wonderful time for about the same money as New York or chicago. try the Marriott Park lane, i know you will enjoy it. One note: if you are paying your way (like us) and not on a business account I would not recommend the upgrade for the executive club as if is about $100 extra a day and is not worth it in my opinion. However, you can ask for an upgrade to a park view room and that will run about $50 more. not too bad but the regular rooms are fine as well. enjoy!!	
Jan 2 2008 	Great location and good service	We booked this place through Priceline for about $200/night which was a very good price considering the hotels around it and the normal price is about $550/night. We checked in about 5 days before the New Year and checked out New Years day. Location is the corner of Park Lane and Oxford which is over a mile of pure shopping. The Marble Arch is out front of the hotel and the Marble Arch Underground station is in front of the hotel. It is also across the street from Hyde Park which has tour buses that pick up there. Service and knowledge of the concierge desk is awesome. They were very helpful. There was several other staff members that went out of their way to help us.Rooms are very good size with nice beds...especially compared to others we have experienced across Europe. The only bad experience was although they come and cleaned our room twice a day on a couple days they forgot to bring us new soap and face clothes. We called on both instances, the first they brought us fresh face clothes and the 2nd time they never showed up so I went and found the maid to retrieve them myself. All in all it was a great stay and with very good service. We did not try the hotel but it looked nice.	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved It	What a great hotel. The hotel rooms are large which is unusual for European standards. The service was above average especially the conceriage who went out of their way for us.Highly recommended	
Nov 19 2007 	Ideal location great service	We stayed here as I had Marriott points to use and wanted a central London location, ideally to do some shopping. You can't ask for a better shopping location than this hotel, right on the corner of Oxford Street, and within walking distance of Picadilly and Leicester Square, should you feel inclined. We travelled into London by train and even walked backed to Paddington (Hyde Park was on the way).The room was large for a London hotel, and everything was as you would expect for a 5* Marriott. Some might say unusually for London, but the service was very friendly from check in to departure.This hotel doesn't have a wow factor like some other 5* hotels, and I'm not sure if I would stay here is I was parting with my own money, but there was nothing to fault about this hotel, location, service, decor all very good.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	We booked this hotel through Priceline and got a very decent rate of around $200/night for October 21 to 24.As other reviewers have pointed out, the hotel is very close to bus stops and the Tube. We were able to get pretty much everywhere we needed by public transport.Our room was good sized and had a very comfortable king bed.The staff was very friendly and very helpful.Although it wouldn't be as good of a deal had we not booked through Priceline, we're hopfull that we'll be able to get this hotel again when we come back next year.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great Hotel for touring London	I stayed at this hotel November 8-12 with my two daughters, 14 and 10, through Priceline, as has been suggested by other reviewers, and booked for an excellent price of $200 per night. Upon check in, the GM Gavin, as was mentioned by another reviewer, was excellent and knowledgeable and very helpful. The room we stayed in was a very large room with two single beds and a cot was brought in for my 10 year old. The bedding and the beds were very comfortable. The room was located on the second floor, and did not have a view, but we did not miss it. The room was clean, comfortable and nicely decorated, and the bathroom was also large and clean and comfortable with heated towel bars. The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing. The Marble Arch tube station and the bus stop are steps away. The hotel has a beautiful indoor pool that my daughters loved, as well as a beautiful gym. The staff was courteous and helpful. I would definitely stay here again and recommend the hotel to friends and family.	
Nov 10 2007	Nice hotel great location	The Park Lane Marriott is a nice property in the Marriott portfolio but I'm not sure I would check in again. The location is superb, directly across the street from Marble Arch and Speakers Corner at Hyde Park. The subway station is about 20 seconds from the doorway (5 seconds if you take large steps).The check-in was smooth and the front desk staff was extremely friendly. All of the staff was great, especially the concerige.The only major disappointment was the room itself. While larger than I had anticipated, it contained two SINGLE beds. I haven't slept on a single in over 25 years. I was expecting, and there is certainly room for, two twins. To make matters worse, the beds are on casters that move at the slightest shove, so just sitting down on them to put on shoes moved them away from the wall. The singles weren't terribly comfortable either, may I add. Mine drooped in the middle. The bathroom was very nice and contained a hot towel rack. The best part was the heated mirror, which did not steam up no matter how foggy the room got.I did not eat in the restaurants but I paid slightly more for access to the Executive Lounge. The lounge was well stocked and nicely decorated but oddly the hot breakfast offerings included sausage and bacon but no eggs(?). The espresso machine was a nice touch.I'm not sure whether I would stay here again. While the location is great, the Grosvenor Marriott a few blocks away is a bit more upscale.	
Oct 31 2007 	The Concierge is Superb	I also booked this hotel via Priceline. At first I was a little disappointed with the location as I wanted to be closer to the theatre district and was hoping for Saint Martins Lane. My fears were short-lived after contacting the hotel for room request and receiving a very pleasant e-mail from their GM. From the moment we checked in to the moment we left the service was excellent, Staff is very well trained and very pleasant. Gavin the concierge was probably one of the best concierge's that I have ever dealt with. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent Priceline Win	Bid on Priceline and got two nights at this hotel for $201 + tax / fees per night. Upon checkin was given a huge gorgeous room but unfortunately it was on the 4th floor, which is the smoking floor. Asked immediately to be moved to non-smoking room and was placed one floor up in a smaller room, but it smelled much better.The bed was heavenly, the bath was adequately sized and very clean, the staff was wonderful and the location convenient for transport and shopping.I would not hesistate to book this hotel again. Unlike other Priceline wins (such as the Le Meridien Piccadilly) I did not feel that I was placed in an inferior room due to the nature of my booking, which places the Marriott Park Lane at the top of my list when bidding in the Mayfair district.	
Oct 9 2007 	Great service and lovely property	Spent 3 nights booked also through Priceline at about 240$ per night and I found it great value!!!!!We were given a nice twin on the 1st floor with no view (but we didn't care) . The room was lovely though on the small side, I expected more spacious room. The housekeeping was great , provided us with additional fluffy towels and hot chocolate. Everything in the room worked. The only thing i didn't like - I couldn't manage to open the window.The staff is really GREAT! Everyone is very friendly and helpful, especially bellboys/porters, reception and housekeeping staff. And of course the LOCATION couldn't be beaten!For my next stay I'll try to book this hotel!	
Sep 30 2007 	This is a terrific hotel for visiting London	This is a terrific hotel for visiting London. We booked two rooms for four days on Priceline for about $250 per night including tax, which considering the quality and location of the hotel, and the cost of other hotels in London, was a bargain. The location of the hotel is excellent. The hotel is right across from Hyde Park near the Marble Arch. It is a block from Oxford street and a half block to the Marble Arch tube station. This location can not be beat for getting around London. The hotel was very much the 5 start hotel it is represented to be. The rooms are very tastefully done, and extremely comfortable. One of our rooms was very large by London standards and one fairly normal size. Looking at the hotel floor plan on the back of the door, the rooms are of varying sizes and layouts. Ask for a larger room when you book or ask to be upgraded to a larger room when you check in. Some rooms have a small balcony and some look out on Hyde Park&gt; Ask for one of these or one of the larger rooms. Some of the rooms look into a very small light well at other rooms about 15 feet across from them. Make sure you do not get one of these, if you care about your view. The rooms were very well decorated and very comfortable. The beds and bedding are excellent, with a seamless king bed. The bathrooms were excellent and well sized. The staff was very friendly and helpful in directing us to our destinations. The hotel has a pool and exercise facility in the basement, and an overpriced business center. If you need access to the internet, go a couple blocks up Oxford Street to the internet cafe. Priceline seems to have an arrangement with Marriott. It is well worth trying Priceline to book this hotel at a discount. Considering the quality and location of this hotel it is well worth considering when visiting London.	
Sep 29 2007	Amazing Hotel	Stayed here on the last 2 days of a 2 week trip and it was amazing. Very spacious rooms that are very clean and nice. The bed is super comfortable and made it hard to get up. The staff is really really friendly and helpful - they took our bags as we got in early and they were in our room when we came back later that night. The concierge is very friendly and will help you find restaurants, make reservations, etc. You are a 1 min walk to the marble arch tube station. The bar is very nice and resonably priced for the most part. Also just around the corner is a slew of souvenir shops to by whatever last minute things you need for the friends/family. If you are looking to do clothes shopping - in between the souvenir shops on the same street is a big clothing shop - can't remember the name but you'll know it when you see it - millions of crazy women going through grabbing clothes - not for the faint at heart. The prices are pretty good - my wife got a pea-coat or however you spell that for 15pounds/ 30 dollars. Can't say a bad thing about this hotel except the entrance is a little odd - it's more of a side entrance into the hotel - doesn't have a grand entrance.I'd recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Sep 12 2007	Great location but needs a facelift	I have stayed at the Marriott Park Lane on 3 different occasions in the past several years, the most recent being in July, 2007. I love the location, and the staff is generally polite and responsive. The lobby is small, and a bit congested. The bar is cozy, and restaurant is nice, though there are scads of better dining options within a 5 minute walk of the property. The Executive Lounge is (poorly, in my opinion) located on the lobby level. Water, soft drinks and light snacks are served for those who have access. The rooms show the signs of hard use. The wallpaper in my suite was ripped, the connecting door lock was broken, the bed sagged and the furniture was generally tired looking. I used points for this trip so I couldn't complain, but I would have been sorely disappointed if paying $600-800 a night for the room.	
Sep 1 2007 	Loved this hotel	Stayed only one night and enjoyed every second of it.From the moment we checked in until the late check out that the reception allowed us without even blinking an eye lid, ourstay was wonderful.The room was spacious and lovely the bed soooo... comfy especially with the extra pillows. Great indoor heated pool and fitness room...The girl in the breakfast room was lovely... I just mentioned to her that the weather was great and she immediately took out her note pad telling me the forecast for the following days.... It's the first time that I've stayed in a 5 star hotel in London and actually expected the hotel staff to be a little snooty but was pleasantly surprised they were really helpful....Fantastic location right by Marble Arch station and on the corner of Oxford street and Hyde Park....I used a Marriott award certificate for this stay,... would definitely recommend this hotel...	
Aug 25 2007 	Marriot - Park Lane - London - what a great hotel	I was in London a few weekends ago travelling with one of our children, and booked a room through the Priceline on-line auction system. We had the greatest luck and were booked into the Marriott Park Lane. The hotel is located in a very central part of London, near the tube, shopping and not that far from the nightlife and the theatres.The rooms was large and spacious, the staff went out of their way to be helpful and to make matters complete the sun was out for the 3 days that we stayed in London.I would gladly go back to the hotel again, it is more than suitale for both work and pleasure travel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great location	I recently booked two rooms for 4 nights at the Park Lane. It was in a very good location. The Marble Arch tube stop was on the corner. The double decker bus was also just on the corner, very convenient. I used Marriott points for our stay, which included breakfast. The food was very good. They made pancakes and french toast on request. One room had a King sized bed and was very small facing the wall of the building next to the hotel. So now view at all. The room with two double beds was quite large, but also faced the wall of the next door building. Since it was a busy intersection,the quiet rooms were a blessing.The only trouble we had was that most of the hotel personnel did not speak any English. Their accents were very hard to understand. But Daniel, the Concierge was very helpful. I would recommend this Marriot for your London stay and would stay there again if I could get a nice room view. London is very expensive now with the pound at more than 2:1 to our dollar. But we found some inexpensive restaurants to eat at. EAT, Pret, and ASK were within walking distance from the hotel.Buy tickets to the Tower of London on line before you go- it will avoid the long lines to get in.	
Aug 20 2007 	Comfortable and great staff	Just back from a week in London for vacation.Used my miles for the room, and it was a great room.The bed was very comfortable, and they have the high thread count sheets. Very nice! The desk had plugs for american electronics, great for my laptop. The executive center downstairs had a very good continental breakfast with sausages and bacon, and free wi fi in the exec center. Great Fresh squeezed OJ !I found the staff very friendly and very helpful. I totally busted the concierge singing &quot;Walking on sunshine&quot; by katrina and the waves late one nite as I sauntered in. Very funny, and it was good to see the staff was so laid back, yet accomdating at the same time.The bar is laid out well, and the bartenders have some great mind puzzels to ponder while you drink. There is a tube stop (Central Line) right outside of the hotel, so getting around is very very easy. As a tourist you likely however want to jump on the picadilly line, at hyde park station about a 1/3 mile walk.I'm happy to recomend this hotel. And I'll likely stay again next time I go for fun.	
Aug 8 2007 	Great Place for a Quick London Weekend	As a UK resident living abroad, I stay in this hotel whenever returning for a visit to London.I believe that the hotel is in one of the best locations in town, with immediate access to Oxford Street and any easy cab ride to all West End attractions and restaurants.Generally we have chosen to go for one of the executive park view rooms, which offer exceptional spacious room and large bathrooms. But even with the regular rooms, you can experience the extremely comfortable bed and all the usual amenities. The small downsides I would comment on for the rooms is really the TV (it is quite badly positioned for early Sunday morning TV viewing) and the online check out NEVER works !!).We have never tried the restaurant or room service (why would you with so many great restaurants in London), but the 140 Park Lane Bar is good, with a good selection of cocktails and liquorsYes, the room rates are high when compared to most other places in the world, but for quality London accommodation you need to remember – you get what you pay for......Overall, I would fully recommend this hotel above any other in London	
Aug 2 2007	Great location; no complaints	Stayed here for a weekend stop over heading back to the states. The location is great -- right across from Hyde Park and next to the Marble Arch tube station, which is very convenient. Tour busses also stop nearby (which, depending on your preferences, can be good or bad...). Location is very central, but also very busy.Rooms were reasonably well appointed -- everything worked well, but not the latest plasma TVs, etc. Also not huge, but comfortable for 1 or 2 people (I had a king bed on the 4th floor).Bed was quite comfortable, good shower. Internet access was pricey, however -- 15 pounds/day.	
Jun 17 2007 	Enjoyed recent 5-night stay	I quite enjoyed this hotel, for two primary reasons: the rooms were nicer &amp; more spacious than the 'standard' you find in London. And two, I was there on business and did not have to pay my own way. London is very expensive, but this hotel seems on the high side...Service - friendly and attentive. Although a few staffers had a bit of trouble with their english.Lounge/Restaurant - the bar service was friendly, but incredibly slow (understaffed?). Their best Rye was Canadian Club!? As for the food, I never eat in hotel restaurants other than breakfasts.Rooms - as mentioned, well appointed and roomy. The bed was slightly above average. The bathroom is small, but it works. Did not notice much hallway or other room noise. My window on 2nd floor had no view whatsover so cannot comment on street noise thru the window.Location - very good access to parks, shopping, Paddington station, and several good restaurant/pub areas. A bit of a hike to visit the touristy Westminster area, but maybe that's a good thing?	
Jun 15 2007 	Posh (for the UK) Great Location	This hotel is located on a very posh street (Park Lane) and in a very nice location - near shopping and right on the tube. The rooms are large and comfortable, the pool and healthclub are excellent. It has a very nice atmosphere and the staff is very helpful.I agree with previous reviews regarding downsides:1. Very expensive2. Sometimes is confused with Marriott Marble Arch3. TV channel selection is just ok.They don't have wireless interent access yet, but they do have a high speed connection which was expensive - worked out to $30/day during my last visit. They have a business center and you can use their computers and buy time cards.This is my prefered hotel in London, although as was mentioned before, it is very pricey.	
May 1 2007	NICE hotel but there are others	This is an absolutely lovely hotel. The problem is that you need a lovely bank account balance or some sort of VIP status for them to truly care about you. We arrived LATE on 4/23 to find &quot;no room at the inn&quot;. They hadn't even found a place to walk us to yet, which was disheartening. The manager on duty sent us to the bar to get some complimentary drinks while they figured it out. We had a few rounds on them whilst they found some place. The news upon arrival was annoying because they were going to have to have us hotel hop and I was NOT going to do that, move from hotel to hotel. Miraculously, they did find us a room in the hotel after a cryptic &quot;call to the States&quot;...I dunno, what matters is we got a room. It was an accessible room, but that made it spacious, so it wasn't bad. The front desk staff member, Homer, was very gracious. The rest of the front desk staff acted very cool and uninterested in us for the rest of the stay. The concierge staff and bell staff, though, are absolutely fantastic! The rate we had included breakfast, a good idea if you can get the same. The breakfast staff needs work on their attentiveness. It was a pain to get them to come over and give us coffee/tea and toast. The buffet selection isn't bad at all, just stay away from the &quot;scrambled&quot; eggs (they looked like porridge). GROSS! Instead, we just ordered eggs made to order everyday (included in the buffet price). The Belgian waffles were great too (also included). The evening staff in the bar and restaurant, on the other hand, were WONDERFUL. Yes, there is a bit of a language issue, but they aren't native English speakers. Interacting with other cultures is part of the European experience. It was worth it to figure out how I needed to be clearer in order to communicate with them :)The rooms are nice! You get the following complimentary things: a fresh fruit tray, 2 beers, Walker's Shortbread cookies (replaced daily if you eat them), and a lovely box full of tea, coffee, cocoa, and creamers. There is a GREAT plug-in tea kettle that we used every night. There is a mini fridge that has space for personal items (unique and nice!). Just BE CAREFUL to not jostle a thing; we got charged for nuts because we hit the fridge door (the front desk did take it off the bill). The beds have the new Marriott bedding package, so they're very comfortable. The lights are confusing as heck: too many switches that control too many lights! In-room safe is GREAT. TV choices are AWFUL! They need some more channels for non-British English speakers.The hotel location is convenient for tourists who want Underground access (it's right outside the front door and around the corner) and access to tour operators (both the Big Bus Company and The Original Tour Company are right across the street at Hyde Park). It's great for that, but HORRIBLE for dining choices and having The Overall Tourist Experience. The hotel's menu choices are ok. There's an Italian restaurant, Fino's, across the street (not bad), and an expensive Asian restaurant, Taman Gang, around the corner right by the Underground station. There's also a Sainsbury's Express across Oxford Street, which is nice if you want to get some sandwiches and grocery tidbits. Other than those, there are virtually no places to eat. Not good and we felt sort of trapped. The indoor pool is nice, the gym is adequate. The Executive Lounge is very nice as well. I wouldn't stay here again because there are so many other places to stay and new experiences to have. But it was ok for a first time in London.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great location Great hotel stay there for business	Great location just off Oxford Street, across from Hyde Park and near the tube. Hotel has updated rooms, great service and good set up for business travel. It is expensive, but what 5 star hotel in London is cheap? Can't go wrong unless you are looking for a bargain.	
Mar 19 2007 	Quite nice but a little expensive	My wife and I stayed here for a Saturday night and the Hotel did not seem busy, The door staff and porters were very good and check-in was normal. The Lobby is not very impressive but this is a smallish hotel and the accomodation is the most important. For me the room was about the size I would expect in a major city, is was tasteful with great bedding and good amenities. It was comfotable and at the back of the hotel so nice and peaceful.Breakfast in the restaurant had good quality produce and the service was OK but if not included in your room rate a little expensive at £21 each for the buffet. Its locaton at Marble Arch is good but its hardly Park Lane which its price reflects. Overall reasonable standards and a pleasant stay.	
Feb 10 2007 	Breakfast poor and other problems	I have just stayed there for 3 days on business, The rooms were clean and comfortable and the door staff very helpful.The service during breakfast was awful, the staff had problems understanding english. The food was overcooked and we were not asked if we wanted toat.One of my colleagues was accosted by a prostitute in the bar during the evening much to the amusement of the bar staff.Great Location but not up to my standards as a five star hotel	
Dec 23 2006 	Mixed Feelings About This Hotels	My recent stay at this hotel left me with some mixed feelings.On the positive side I found the room to be rather spacious and well maintained with the very comfortable Marriott bedding package. The location is very good.However on the negative side service was very uninterested and check-in as well as check-out in the higly unimpressing lobby seemed to take ages. There was hardly any natural light in the room with it having only one window and a building right accross the street. Marriott Reward points from this stay did not post and a Gold Elite room upgrade did not happen. A first-timer for me with Marriott Rewards - maybe I was lucky so far.In general it would be unfair to say that this is a bad hotel - which it sure isn't. Room quality and localtion are certainly above average. But they also surely didn't make me feel welcome and seemed not to take to much of an interested. Given the rates they charge the rooms alone don't do it for me so I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 8 2006	Definitely not five star	I am a Marriot Rewards Member and used points for a 6 night stay at the hotel for my wife and I.I was immediately dismayed by the appearance of the lobby and entry. Having spent other stays in London at truly five star hotels like the Dorchester and Inn at the Park, the lobby was nothing more than area of some 1000 square feet with a realitively tiny reception.The room we were given on the second floor had a view of the wall of an adjacent building some 10 feet away.The style of the room and its layout were typically American; lacking in character but of reasonable size with a very small bathroom. My main complaints were as follows:1. Room clean up and turn down service was inconsistant.2. The waiters in the restaurant, although very considerate, were all from Eastern Europe and could not well understand English.3. For the amount of points we gave up the room was not satisfactory, and the hotel rating was far too optimistic.4. The bar is an intergral part of the one and only dining room and therefore tables close to the bar reek with tobacco odors.The positives: Location, Pool and Fitness Room.	
Oct 2 2006 	Expensive for what it is......	This is not up to the standard of far cheaper Marriott properties worldwide. The room cost was £275 ($400!!!) not including breakfast. My partner and I stayed for two nights and were given room 436 - it is VERY small, so much so that to get around the bed, some careful negotiating of the TV cabinet is required. The room is clearly not a proper double and would only be acceptable as the living area of a junior suite. The windows cannot be opened, the TV needs an upgrade, no armchair, just a desk chair.Service at check in was unfriendly - no welcome or even a smile, from the woman at the desk, although the concierge staff and bell boy were helpful and courteous.I have stayed in many Marriott's and am loyal to the brand but will not stay here again. I left my dinner suit in the hotel, and it was NOT found by housekeeping - this shows a definate lack of the usual Marriott standards.For this money, stay somewhere else.	
Sep 5 2006 	Poor Service-Run Down	I stayed there last year and loved it. Unfortunately, the property has not been well kempt since then. The staff is rather indifferent to you- unless you are driving a Bentley. The pool is nice but has missing tiles and its furnifture is rusty. I felt unwelcomed and underwelmed. Save your 500USD per night and find a nice B &amp; B.	
Aug 26 2006 	Never again	Our experience at the Marriott Park Lane did not meet our expectations. We won't stay here again - there are too many other good hotels in London to be bothered with this one. First of all, upon check-in we were supposed to get a room upgrade. Unfortunately this was not possible, (as the front desk explained to us), because several large families from the Middle East had booked the 3 upper floors of the hotel, and all the suites. They have a room service menu with Middle Eastern specialities. We ended up with a room on a low floor with a view of a wall. It would have been nice to know in advance that this hotel especially caters to its wealthy Middle Eastern clientele and if you are not part of that group, you won't get the best rooms or service here. If seeing women draped head to toe in burqas would be unsettling, do not stay here. Also, the service in the breakfast room is slow and the coffee is bad. We ended up walking to a nearby Starbucks every morning. On the positive side, the room was a decent size and the location is pretty good. But for what we paid, overall it was not a good experience.	
Aug 12 2006	Good Rooms Decent Service	The London Marriott Park Lane offers a very comfortable place to stay in downtown London. It is very convenient as it is located right near Marble Arch Tube Station. I stayed there during one of the busiest times of the year, the Farnborough Air Show and still had excellent service and an attentive staff. High regards go to the concierge staff which did a great job in making sure that all of the guests were well taken care of.If you can somehow get a room at this hotel below 150-200 pounds a night, book it. You will definitely enjoy the stay.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great Stay Again	I don't know why I haven't written a review yet, but after my last stay (which was probably stay #18 or so) I figured it was time to write a review. I travel to London frequently and almost always stay at the Park Lane. It's location is convenient to everything- either a 20-minute walk to Whitehall or 5-minute cab ride. It's right next to Oxford street and across Hyde Park from Knightsbridge for the shoppers.The hotel rooms are small in size (but most rooms in London are miniscule) but very clean and well appointed. The fitness room and pool are wonderful as well.The real difference here though is the staff- they are exceptional and work hard to make my stay comfortable. When they heard I was there for a honeymoon they immediately upgraded the room and sent a bottle of champagne and strawberries without saying a word.I love staying there- it's not the most luxurious hotel in the world but it's definitely nice and you'll be well taken care of.And for the person that complained about no soda machines- there's a Sainsbury's market across the street where you could buy the sodas much cheaper than at any hotel (as well as other snacks and groceries).	
Jul 15 2006	Great hotel	Stayed here for a week and was very dubious about the location given London traffic but all fears proved unfounded. Very welcoming and well run establishment: got a room which was very quiet and air conditioning was excellent. Did not have meals in restaurant other than breakfast and afternoon tea but they were fine; aftrenoon tea was delicious. Staff were very helpful and efficient while never in your face. Great location just off Oxfrod Street and very convenient via cab or walk to Knightsbridge. I have to say I was impressed with this hotel and will stay there again	
Jul 11 2006 	Nicest Marriot ever stayed in!	Great place! We used points to stay for two nights. Very comfortable, clean and new. The only negative was the room A/C would not get cool enough for us - but it was a hot a sunny day. They do not have a concierge floor but have a very nice executive lounge where gold card members can have drinks, continental breakfast and snacks. Very nice room and nice layout of food and beverages.	
Jul 10 2006 	what?	No ice machine or soda machine. Way too expensive. Conceige said this is the Marriott Park Lane are you sure you have the right hotel? I would not recomend this hotel at all.	
Jul 8 2006	wonderful	We stayed at this hotel using points for 3 nights, we had three rooms all on points. We were very pleased with every aspect of the hotel, rooms were large as were bathrooms and very clean, pool and healthclub were great and restaurant was quite good. The entire staff was so friendly and helpful we could not have been more pleased. We travel to London fairly often and have stayed at many of the better hotels and yet feel sure that from now on this will be our London hotel.	
Jul 7 2006	The real Marble Arch Marriott	Although this Marriott is called Park Lane..it really is right at the Marble Arch and its front entrance is on a quiet side street, North Row. The rooms are spacious and very modern with huge comfie beds and fluffy pillows and duvets. A big bathroom and plenty of towels make this a deluxe hotel. Across the street is Hyde Park and buses and tube stops are a few steps away. Take the walking tour of Mayfair, it was fascinating. The British Museum is a 10 minute bus ride and well worth a visit. A couple of good pubs and a wine bar are within a few blocks. Helpful staff and a very beautiful spa-like swimming pool make this a top notch hotel in the Marriott chain.	
Jul 7 2006	Excellent in all areas	The Park Lane Marriott was a wonderful place to stay in London. The room was extremely large with more than enough room for one adult and two teenagers.The room was bright and comfortable, simply elegant. The hotel bar was lively at night, and a good place to get a light dinner after 11:00. We had breakfast in the restaurant and it was a very pleasant experience.The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful about directions, dining recommendations and billing questions.The location was great, the tube stop is right on the corner, making the hotel accessible to virtually anywhere in London. The neighborhood itself was nice, with restaurants and amenities right at the front door.I was a little hesitant to stay at a major chain hotel in a European city, but this was one of the nicest and most charming hotels I have ever visited. The pool was also lovely, very relaxing and large, and rarely crowded.Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 5 2006	Fabulous	We really couldn't fault this hotel in any way. The room was spacious and extremely comfortable. The staff couldn't have been more pleasant &amp; helpful. Breakfast was amazing, so much choice. What more can we say? Simply fabulous!	
Jun 2 2006	Absolutely Brilliant! - Beautiful Property and Wonderful Staff	My mother and I were fortunate to choose to stay at the Marriott Park Lane for five nights in early May. Having stayed at many luxury properties, I found this hotel competitive in all respects.As my mother is older and we weren't sure about her energy level for the trip, we wisely upgraded to a room with Executive Lounge Privileges at the suggestion of Matthew Kent, the Guest Services Manager. Although located on the same floor as the lobby, the Executive Lounge was a wonderful spot to relax during the day and the complimentary daily food presentations were tremendous.Although all of the two bedded rooms in the hotel have twin (rather than double or queen) beds, we found our room very spacious - extremely luxurious with a very large bathroom with separate shower and a very long six foot soaking tub.We had American Mother's Day Brunch in the Hotel Restaurant and were very impressed with the quality and presentation of the food. The pool downstairs is truly magnificent - comparable to that at the Ritz Hotel in Paris.I have to add a special mention to Gavin and all of the Concierge and Door Staff. They took great care of us and the doormen made sure my mother always made it safely into and out of the taxis.This hotel is very special - I found it to be similar to a luxury boutique property because of the smaller scale as well as the personal attention of the staff.Please contact me with any questions.	
May 21 2006	A fine hotel	Very convenient location - especially for shopping at Selfridges and the rest of Oxford Street. Tube station Marble Arch practically at the door. All staff we encountered were friendly and efficient from check in to check out. Room was excellent (club level - which gives access to executive lounge which looked nice and had free snacks but we did not stay because there was no smoking allowed). Room large by London standards and had a view of Marble Arch and the corner of Hyde Park. The new style King sized bed was large and extremely comfortable. Lovely down duvet and plenty of high quality pillows. Bathroom spotless and the bath and shower excellent. The pool in the basement is very good with mood lighting and a steam room. Breakfast buffet good quality with swift service. Did not like the coffee however. Double glazing excellent, no street noise although we had to ask for the window to be unlocked which allowed the fresh air and the noice in! Highly recommended hotel.	
Apr 3 2006	Great family stay	I stayed here for 5 nights with my 2 boys for a spring break vacation. The room was huge by European standards and we had a nice view of Big Ben and the Thames. The room was well kept, with a huge walkin closet and huge bathroom. The front desk and concierge were very helpful. The London Aquarium, a gaming arcade and a McDonalds are in the same building as the hotel, which was great for the kids. Waterloo station was 4 minutes from the hotel, which is where the Eurostar train leaves from. We took advantage of this to make a day trip to Paris.A pretty expensive hotel, but it had beautiful rooms and was very central to many activities in London.	
Mar 27 2006	Great hotel shame about staff	The hotel was lovely, very new, very plush surroundings, bedrooms massive for any UK hotel, let alone London! The whole ambience was really special. However, the front of house staff really let the hotel down. Concierge and reception were surly bordering on rude, and very unhelpful. Receptionist upon checking out, however, was very friendly, and one of the cleaners in the corridors was smiley and cheerful. However, the first people you see are reception/concierge, and they created a negative first impression.	
Mar 5 2006	Superb Birthday Stay	I booked this hotel for a Birthday stay for my wife, we requested an early check-in. We arrived at 12 noon for checking expecting not to be able to access a room and have our bags put in left luggage, but to our surprise we were given an upgrade (it might have helped being a member of the Marriott rewards program).The receptionist was very professional and personally took us to our room. We had been upgraded to a suite, which was out of this world.From the Suite entrance hall a door led of to a huge living room overlooking Marble Arch, another door from the entrance hall led to Large Bedroom with view of Marble Arch and on to Hyde Park.Two bathrooms, one off the entrance hall by the Living Room and the other part of the Bedroom Area.Bathroom attached to Bedroom was very large, with seperate Bath and shower.The Bed was the most comfortable we have had in a hotel, the rooms were very well sound proofed from the city traffic and the blackout curtains made for a peaceful nights sleep.We had dinner in the hotel's 140 restaurant, food was excellent and good value using the UK toptable website restaurant booking service.We swam in the superb hotel swimming pool (the pictures on the marriott hotel's website are accurate), before a great breakfast.The only minor cautions are that the room rate did not include 17.5% VAT (tax), but knew this before we stayed.I had pre-ordered chocolate covered strawberries for my wife, but weren't in the room due to the upgrade, assured that the would be there later, had to chase and when they arrived delivered with a surprise complimentary birthday cake.Highly recommend this hotel for all types of stays, family city break or romantic weekend away.	
Jan 25 2006	one of the best	Stayed here during few days last December, the room was beautiful and modern the service was outstanding, excellent breakfast and bar.Highly recommended worth any penny you pay comparing to other hotels that maybe charge you for less but offer very poor quality and service.	
Jan 21 2006	Fantastic Find In London	My husband and I stayed for a week at the Marriott Park Lane while we toured London. We were pleasantly surprised by our choice. The staff was extremely friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. It was refreshing to stay at an upscale hotel and have the staff be fun and friendly instead of the normal snobbish types that tend to be employed at this sort of hotel. The room was somewhat small, but clean, quiet and cozy. The location was great with easy access to the tube, double-decker bus stop right across the street and within walking distance to Hyde Park (across the street). There were also some great little restaurants/delis within walking distance of the hotel. Just ask the concierge and I'm sure that they'll be more than happy to point you in the right direction.The only thing that was slightly disappointing was the quality of the bed in our room - it wasn't really comfortable and the pillows were just average. I would have expected a bit more from an upscale hotel. However, we would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 4 2006	Fantastic staff at the Marriott Park Lane	The staff was incredibly wonderful, friendly and easy to ask questions and give advice. We had two joining rooms that were just huge and well maintained. We loved the in room tea service, bathtubs, the huge English Breakfast buffet (especially the waffles and sausages). The pool was perfect and came in handy as a great break for the kids. Kudos to the concierge staff who went above and beyond with honest advice. Hats off to Mr. Johnson for his help in keeping the electronic games charged up! If you want a hotel with great access to the Tube (only 100 yards away), shopping (Selfridges only 1/4 mile away) plus the quiet of a walk through Hyde Park, this is the place for you!	
Nov 27 2005	Loved the Marriott London Park Lane	Our family just returned to the US from London. We had 2 connecting rooms at the hotel and thought everything was just perfect. The service was exceptional starting with check-in which was efficient and friendly. The rooms were top notch and very large - huge for European standards. The bathrooms were spotless as were the rooms. Bathrooms were modern with lots of marble. The concierge staff was terrific - Gavin, Kieran, Philip and David were all very knowledgeable and sensitive to our requests, such as expense. Always gave at least 2 options for everything. Definitely a great hotel in a great location. Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	
Nov 14 2005	Good Hotel	This is a very nice hotel with an attentive staff. The decor is wonderful and the room I was given was a large room.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and would definiately stay there in the future.	
Jun 30 2005	Marriott on Park Lane is wonderful	Truely one of the nicest hotels I have ever been in. Beautiful, modern clean, great service. Do not confuse it with the other Marriotts near by which aren't as nice. This one is at Speaker's Corner at Hyde Park- near the Marbel Arche. The indoor pool was a life-saver during the latest London Heat wave.	
Jun 12 2005 	Loved it	Great hotel in a great location. Service was excellent. Rooms were clean modern and spacious. I had a nice view of Hyde Park and Marble Arch. Loved it and would definately go back.	
Apr 17 2005 	A Gem of a Hotel!	I stayed at the London Marriott Park Lane from April 8th through April 13th, and was absolutely thrilled with the experience. The hotel is centrally located across from Hyde Park at the conjunction of Park Lane and Oxford, and is within easy walking distance of most attractions. If you aren't in the mood to explore the city by foot, Marble Arch tube station is literally steps away from the hotel. I am no super power-walker, but found Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, St. James Palace, Kensington Palace, Harrods, the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum and Green, St. James, and Hyde Parks all well within comfortable walking distance. For everything else, the tube is mere steps away, and easily navigable. All in all, the location of this hotel is perfect. The hotel itself is lovely, clean, modern, well-maintained, and has great amenities. The staff are very customer-service oriented, and thankfully lack the snootiness that lots of British hotel personnel seem to ooze from their pores. My room was large (by London standards), neat as a pin, colorful, quiet (again, by London/city standards), and had the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. The bathroom, while not huge, wasn't cramped and was clean as a whistle. It featured a marble vanity and an amazingly huge and deep bathtub (I am 6 feet tall, and could stretch out full and be totally submerged) with a hand-held shower. I am an utter stickler for cleanliness, and all aspects of the room and bathroom were beyond reproach. The cleaning staff are dedicated and friendly, and are some of the best I've ever encountered. There is only one small critique I could offer, and I consider it a minor one: The hallways had a funny, musty stinky smell after being swept, but this funky odor cleared up and wasn't persistent. The only people I can imagine not liking this hotel would be those who were in search of a more British, old-fashioned and historic property. This is not an old Grand Dame like the London Sheraton, but I am not personally charmed by aging facilities, no matter how storied they might be. Honestly, this hotel surpassed all my expectations, and I thought it was a superb value, all things considered. It is a great combo - The reliability of a chain hotel, but with smaller boutique touches and personal attention. Whenever I travel to London again, I will be staying at the London Marriott Park Lane. They've won my business and my loyalty, and that's saying a lot.	
Apr 11 2005	Good Humor at the Park Lane!	We enjoyed our 3 night stay in Feb 2005 at the Marriott Park Lane. Although we were hoping to stay closer to the river and London Eye area, we were satisfied with the location of the Marriott. The tube stop is right outside the front door, and the double decker tour busses also have a stand across the street. As first time visitors to London we found the buses a terrific way to view all the sights around town. The price was right and the hop on hop off feature was very convenient. The staff at the Marriott was very pleasant and funny! The concierge and doormen were relaxed and friendly, instead of snooty and proper - how refreshing!! The restaurant was pretty good, with a nice view of the park if you happened to get a window seat. The rooms were small, and ours faced the rear of the hotel, over looking a tired old building, and vents. However, facing the street or park would have made for a noisy night time experience! The beds were extremely comfortable and the baths were squeaky clean marble!I would stay here again, if the price was right.	
Mar 9 2005	A gem of a hotel in London	Just returned from four days in London and loved the Marriott Park Lane. It had the feel of a boutique hotel and had all the amenities that a five star hotel should have. The hotel is more contemporary than many deluxe London hotels but the decor was warm and welcoming. The bathroom was marble with a shower in the bathtub with also a hand held washer. In addition there was a towel warmer which was especially nice on cold days. Twice daily maid service. Always plenty of clean towels. The room even had a refridgerator with space in it for a few personal items. We stored a delicious slab of English stilton. Besides the usual wardrobe, there was another cabinet with a granite top that we used as our bar area. Tea and coffee maker in the room which was great in the morning. We had a beautiful view of Hyde Park. The hotel supplied an umbrella in the room, hair dryer and safe. There was also internet service in the room if you bring your own computer. Although there was traffic on the avenues outside, you could not hear any noice in your room since it was so well insulated. The staff was friendly and helpful. The concierge was great suggesting restaurants and we dined at some delicious choices in the area such as Le Boudin Blanc and La Genova. The hotel has a wonderful business center where you can go on the internet and check your e-mail. There is a gorgeous indoor swimming pool which is a great way to relax after business or sightseeing. Also the location is perfect since there is a tube stop across the street. However, I do not enjoy the tube and right outside the hotel there is a bus stop where numerous buses stop to go all over London. We dined in the restaurant for Sunday luncheon. It was the English Mother's Day and we just dropped in without a reservation. The restaurant was fully booked but they welcomed us to eat in the bar and we had a great time. The bartender was quite friendly and we enjoy watching the people. The food was reasonable and was the best roast beef and Yorkshire pudding I've eaten. The chef is excellent. All in all, I very much enjoyed our stay there and would not hesitate to recommend the hotel.	
Feb 11 2005	London luxury	I stayed here Jan 29-Feb 1, 2005. This hotel is beautiful and the people that work in it are very friendly and helpful. Rooms are large, bathrooms huge with a big tub and hand held shower, as well as a separate standing shower also with a handheld faucet. Even though my room was a corner room looking out on busy Oxford Street, the traffic noise did not penetrate and with the soft down comforter and comfortable bed I slept great. I also used the pool, very clean and large enough to swim laps. There is an adjacent 24 hour work out room. Coffee/tea service and a hot pot are complimentary room amenities, as well as a room safe and daily newspaper. The bar is very nice but with the dollar exchange so putrid a drink costs $12 for a martini. The best part of this hotel was the help we got from the Concierge desk. Excellent advice, always on the mark for what to do and how to get there. The location is very convenient to Oxford Street shopping, and across the street from the Marble Arch tube stop. A major bus stop is located right in front of the hotel too so it is easy to get around from this location. 	
Dec 29 2004	Beautiful hotel with great location	This is a wonderful hotel conveniently located across the street from Marble Arch and Hyde Park. Easy walking distance to the many shops and stores on Oxford Street. It is also very convenient to Marble Arch tube station. The lobby is both modern and inviting. In fact, the entire hotel blends the modern touch with a warm friendly atmosphere. Staff was pleasant and efficient. The room was lovely, done in a beautiful cherry wood with comfortable beds and a very, very nice bathroom. Would highly recommend to business and pleasure travelers alike.	
Nov 19 2004	you can do better	You can do better. I stayed at the London MAriott Park Lane for 4 nights in October (on points) and had a horrible stay. The room was unusally small and dark. the one window in the room looked out into an air shaft. The bed was comfortable...hotel staff were rude and unhelpful. i was only greeted with a hello when I was in a suit, not when I was every day wear.	
Nov 4 2004	Lovely Hotel	Beautiful hotel, efficient, pleasant service, excellent location at Park Lane and Oxford Street, a three minute walk to the Marble Arch tube. Extraordinarily modern, fair sized rooms. Recommended.	
Oct 5 2004	This is one great hotel!		
Oct 1 2004	Great London Stay		
Aug 16 2004	I agree this is Marriott's hidden gem!		
Jul 28 2004	A unique Marriott		
Jul 3 2004	Poor experience at a luxury hotel		
Jul 3 2004 	Excellent but Expensive		
Mar 21 2004	Love this Hotel		
Feb 11 2004	Excellent service		
Jul 16 2003	Great stay		
Jul 11 2003	Excellent!		
May 21 2009 	Très bonne situation et très agréable		
Apr 17 2009 	pourquoi pas		
Mar 31 2009 	Perfetto		
Jul 5 2008 	Ottimo hotel!		
