	Mediocre	The best thing about the hotel was the price I received from Orbitz ($160/double inc VAT). The location is very near the tube but keep in mind the tube is under extensive renovation, is extremely crowded these days, and may not be running at all on weekends. When we were there, we took the tube to the hotel from Heathrow. What should have been an easy trip -- as the hotel is directly across from the Gloucester Rd tube station -- was a virtual nightmare due to overcrowding of the tube. I literally had to stand on one foot part of the way as there was insufficient floor space for both. The District and Cicle lines -- also across from the hotel -- were closed all weekend. The hotel is not particularly close to many tourist attractions with the exception of Kensington Palace and the south Kensington museums. What looked like a straight shot to th Tower of London required us to ride 4 different trains. So beware of reviews extolling its easy access to the tube. We also could not find any satisfactory breakfast spots nearby. The hotels wants over $25 for a continental breakfast and the nearby spots are mostly bakeries and coffee shops. If you want a reasonably priced, old fashioned English breakfast close to the hotel, good luck. The room itself was small, about par for the course in London I guess, although recently there seems to be a trend toward larger rooms. Apparently the trend has yet to reach the Baily as there was woefully inadquate drawer space. My husband used the few small drawers availiable and I had to live out of my suitcase. The hotel claimed to have room service but I have no idea where two people could have eaten in the room. The floor? The plumbing also had issues. Both my husband and I were forced to use the public bathrooms as ours would decide not to flush about once a day. I occasionally wondered why we were paying for a private bath and having to take the lift 4 floors down to use the lobby facilities. The hotel is ok and for the price it was fine I guess, although there are always deals available and I have stayed at much nicer, more convenient hotels for about the same price.	
	Excellent hotel but just missing those extra touches	Bailey's is an excellent hotel, with authentic English atmosphere and charm, and a great location just across the street from the Underground. I gave it four stars, but it's really four stars minus. Time and again that little extra touch is missing: one more receptionist to make lines shorter, one more maid so the room cleaning would be more thorough instead of leaving something out each day, one more doorman so that there would actually be someone at the door, etc. But the rooms are very nicely furnished and quite comfortable, and unmistakably English. By the way, this is a hotel where the difference in room category really makes a difference, so avoid the really small entry category rooms and spring for a higher category (the top category non-suite rooms are huge, even by American standards). The buffet breakfast is quite good if you have a room rate that includes it; otherwise try the Starbucks or any of the other dozen places across the street.	
	Felt like home!	Just returned from a 7 day stay at the Bailey. First of all, as they all say, the location is great! It was wonderful to walk out of the underground and have the hotel directly across the street. Could not have been any easier to get from and back to Heathrow. We splurged with a Deluxe Room (L119) which included internet and stocked wet bar. This was very nice to have for additional items we purchased at local Waitress Grocery. The room was very spacious and comfortable. We wanted the feel of Old World and that is exactly what we got. The bathroom was quaint and wonderful with the deep tub and towel warmer! Our room, 322, was at the end of a long hallway and was very quite during the entire stay. On the cold, wet days it was always nice to get to our room where we felt right at home. The staff from check in, concierge, and maid service were pleasant and efficient. All of our questions were answered with a smile! We could not have been any more pleased with our stay. We even received a special desert upon arrival as we were celebrating our 20th Anniversary. The area around the hotel is wonderful. Very family oriented and within walking distance to many resturants, grocery stores, and ATM. My husband went to Cafe Forum every morning for our coffee and free croissant. Again, location to the underground was perfect for getting to various parts of London.We would highly recommend this hotel to any one and will strongly consider again if we get the chance to visit London in the future.	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect stay in a beautifully perfect hotel	We fancied a bit of luxury for our trip to London, so booked in at the Bailey's after reading reviews on here. We were not disappointed, very friendly and helpful staff were able to accommodate us even though we arrived a good few hours prior to check-in time. We stayed for one night in a deluxe room (room 407). The room was bigger than any hotel bedroom we have stayed in before and was nicely decorated, with a nice view of the shops and bars across from the hotel.The Bailey's is literally a few steps away from Gloucester Road underground station (but we didn't hear a sound) it's closeness to the underground stop was a real plus for us as we were just finding our feet around London. Unfortunate that travel was made a bit difficult with engineering works and line closures!We had a GORGEOUS meal in 'Olive's' restaurant at the hotel, which was great value and the chocolate fondant is to die for! - the staff were all very helpful and went out of their way to answer our questions about the local area. The lady (who we assumed was the restaurant manager) was lovely and again very helpful.Hope to stay here again soon, but for more than one night! - thank you for giving us a lovely stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good hotel good location	I've now stayed at this hotel twice. Both times the experience has been pleasant. The rooms are spacious, the staff is friendly and helpful. On one occasion my door lock broke, and I was promptly relocated within 30 minutes and got a free drink while waiting. I have not sampled the breakfast or restaurant. For breakfast there's a decent (but sometimes very busy) cafe on the same block as the hotel, just a bit down Gloucester Road.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great Stay at Bailey's . . . Again!!	We stayed at Bailey's from 11 to 13 October 2009. This was our second time at Bailey's and it was every bit as good as the first time! We booked with the hotel's website and got a good rate (about $160) which was what we paid last time in 2004. I was worried we wouldn't be able to afford to stay in Kensington this time around but Bailey's came through again! The location is worth the price. We took the tube EVERYWHERE! My husband and I had an alone day on Monday. He spent the day at the Tower of London and I went on a tour of the BBC and visited some Beatles sites. The Tower of London was a direct trip for my husband and when the train finally arrived (Circle Line) it didn't take me long to get to the BBC even though I had to change to the Central Line. I switched to the Jubilee to go to Abbey Road and switched to several other lines during the day and didn't have any trouble. Our favorite pub, The Bear &amp; Staff near Piccadilly Circus was a straight shot! And getting to Heathrow was a breeze!I just love the Kensington area. So many good coffee shops, restaurants, stores, etc., and it's just a good area to go walking in. Loved the Waitrose! We emptied it of crumpets to take back home!When we left on Tuesday afternoon I felt like I was leaving a good friend. Would we stay at Bailey's again? You bet!	
Oct 23 2009 	Nice hotel in great location	We stayed for 4 nights in early October. The tube station and a small mall with a grocery store is right across the street. The V and A and Science Museum is within easy walking distance. There were several places to have breakfast within a block. We had dinner in a nice Italian Restaurant and an Indian restaurant within a couple blocks, although there were probably 20 restaurants with 3 blocks we could have eaten at. I was a little nervous about street noise but was not disturbed by even the busy bar across the street. We arrived very early in the morning and were offered a room upgrade if we wanted to check in right away, but we decided to keep our original room at the lower rate because the larger room was on an airshaft not the street. The hotel looks a lottle worn, but we were very happy with it	
Oct 22 2009 	Location Location Location	In London to visit daughter studying abroad. Got the best price on the hotel's own website, and took the mid-level priced room. Our room was spacious (for a European hotel), quiet and clean with a huge bathroom. Midway through our stay there was a big ceiling leak in the bathroom (from a flood in the bathroom directly upstairs). Hotel personnel responded immediately to our call. We needed to be relocated but the first room offered was smaller with a miniscule bathroom, the second an almost equal trade, but after some prompting by my husband we were upgraded to a wonderful room that we enjoyed for the rest of our stay. We had prepaid online for internet in order to get a small discount from the outrageous 20 pounds per day the hotel charges, then found there were free wifi networks accessible from our hotel room. There is also free wifi at the many local coffee shops. Location of the hotel is wonderful -- right at the Glouchester Road tube stop in Kensington. Direct access by tube from Heathrow, easy access to everywhere in London, Kensington is a great neighborhood for restaurants, shopping, etc. We would have returned at the end of our trip but the desk personnel were inflexible (perhaps unauthorized, perhaps not) about setting a rate equal to the one we had gotten online and offered a lesser room for a substantially higher rate than we had originally paid and than we could have gotten online from the hotel's own website that day. We left for the rest of our trip without making reservations and stayed elsewhere when we returned to London. I would still recommend this hotel for its location and comfort and somewhat reasonable (in view of other London prices) cost. Hotel employees were pleasant and responsive and helpful and we would stay there again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Good hotel great location	Relaxing hotel, ideal location across the road from Gloucester Rd tube. Had small but very comfortable room, excellent presentation. Only one slight complaint in that price of 14.50 for continental breakfast was quite steep. Nearby cafes were much less in price. Would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2009	GREAT LITTLE HOTEL	My daughter and I just spent 6 days at the Bailey's and we were absolutely charmed by this hotel. It is well located, our room was just great, large bathroom, very clean, a great deal for the money. And to top it off, it is easy access from Heathrow airport via the London tube system. Also close to many pubs, restaurants, museums, parks. All in all, it was a great first trip to London and I will certainly return to the Millennium Bailey's Hotel.	
Oct 13 2009	There is nothing bad to say about this hotel. It was GREAT !!	My mother and I stayed at the Millenium Baileys from Oct. 6th to 12th. It was our first trip to Europe, we both enjoyed it thoroughly and plan to return in the future !Upon arrival to Heathrow (via a smooth AC flight from Ottawa), we lugged our luggage down to the tube (Picadilly line), within no time we were getting off at Gloucester Road and there to the right was our hotel! We had bought our Oyster cards (good for the bus, tube, etc.) ahead of time so it was a snap getting around from the moment we set foot in London. What convenience!Though check in was at 14:00 and we had arrived in the early hours, we were able to leave our bags with the concierge and we went to roam around. I would recommend taking the Big Bus tour (25 pounds for 24 hour hop on/off) at this point which is something we didn't do but should have done. It would have been a perfect way to take in the sights while fighting off transatlantic fatigue. Regardless, we made the best of it and checked out our surroundings on foot. We checked in at about 13:30 and were given room 135. At first, I was somewhat apprehensive having read some of the reviews however once we opened the door, there was no disappointment at all! Nice big room, two single beds (VERY comfortable beds at that), well appointed, big bathroom, heated towel rack = The works! Granted, the rooms are a bit dated and could use some sprucing up but in all reality, there is really NOTHING to gripe about. It is clean and comfortable.All in all, the hotel was clean, the service was fine, the rooms were comfortable, the hotel was quiet (yes, even with the squeaky floors!). It is conveniently located across the street from the tube which can get you anywhere, the Big Bus stop is also across the street as is a local bus #49. It is also within walking distance to many amenities (restaurants, pubs, grocery stores - loved Waitrose!).The Millenium Baileys is a charming place and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone heading to London who is looking for a good deal. My only regret is that I am currently at home when I rather still be there!	
Oct 8 2009 	English Charm in a Great Neighborhood	This hotel has wonderful English charm. The rooms show just a slight bit of wear, but nothing serious. The hotel lobby, bar and restaurants are very nicely decorated and staff is attentive and friendly. We had a deluxe suite on the hotel's third floor and it was very quiet. The hotel is near many restaurants, including a great Starbucks and Pret a Manger, and directly across the street from Gloucester underground station. Very near Kensington Palace and Hyde Park and lots of sights and shopping.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	We found this hotel to be well beyond our expectations. It is an older hotel (squeaky floors), but the rooms were very clean, quiet and well appointed. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever experienced in any hotel. The bathroom was quite spacious and included a towel warmer, large tub, shower head, handheld shower sprayer and immaculate tile floors and walls.We had two problems with our room (no heat and the safe didn't work). Both were corrected within 30 minutes of our call.While the hotel room was far below what we expected to pay, the restaurant was outrageously expensive. We chose to eat at the myriad of restaurants on Gloucester Road. Don't choose the breakfast option at the hotel - you can get a cheaper breakfast at the steak restaurant at the end of the block.Also, use one of the Internet cafes across the street. he hotel's Internet service was too expensive.The hotel is directly across the street from the Tube stop. Also across the street are an ATM, grocery store and two Internet cafes.There are many	
Oct 6 2009	Brilliant hotel!	We loved the Millennium Baileys hotel so much we would stay here a million times over. The location was absolutely perfect with the Gloucester Road tube station just across the road and the beds were so comfortable we didn't want to get out of them in the morning. The staff were friendly and very helpful too. The shower on the wall (there was also one on the bath tap) wasn't working so I reported it to the ladies at reception and it was fixed within an hour. I was amazed, the whole thing had to be pulled apart! We are looking forward to booking a room at this hotel when we are in London again in a couple of years. Many thanks to everyone at the Millennium Baileys hotel for helping us have a pleasant stay in London.	
Oct 6 2009 	where is the hot water?	Third time now in this hotel because the location is very good, but for the rest you are much better off in other places. This is the second day the showe does not work, I mean there is no hot water, so no shower possible...this does not even happen in a one star hotel...internet 20 pounds for 24 hours...a rip off	
Sep 23 2009 	Good Hotel	Had a four night stay at this hotel. The staff were nice and helpful although a bit stoic. The room was clean, comfortable and not at all cramped. The hotel is right across the street from the Gloucester station making it easy to get around town. The Victoria and Albert museum is not a far walk.Across from the hotel is a mini Tesco Express (grocery store), a pub (that serves decent food) and several places to get a bite to eat. Attached to the Gloucester station is a small mall with a few stores, a couple of restaurants and a larger grocery store Waitrose. I believe the hotel has internet available but the hotel itself doesn't have a business center. However, you can use the business center in its sister hotel right up the block. The computers there have free internet to certain sites (like airlines, restaurants) otherwise it's 1 pound for 10 minutes access (they have printers as well).If we were to visit London again we would stay at the Baileys without a doubt. With the one exception of perhaps trying its sister hotel up the block.	
Sep 23 2009 	don't go	Reservation section is the worst section I 've ever seen. They don't have good customer services. I will not go there anymore.	
Sep 17 2009 	Very nice hotel	Stayed her for three days. Just what you'd expect from a hotel of this standard. Lots of airline pilots. Breakfasts you could die for. Have as much as you want and hot too. Staff very helpful. All in all a great stay. Two minutes from Gloucester Road Tube.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location-Comfortable Room	I stayed at this hotel in Sept-after flying in overnight it was so nice to see the hotel right after emerging from the Tube. Just a slight warning-there are some stairs at the tube station. A note on the tube- there are three tube lines that go into Gloucester Road, one from the Airport and the other two go to most of the main sights which is so convenient. The hotel itself is very clean and there are two restaurants nearby that are quite good and do take out-Indian and Japanese. The breakfast (if you get included with your room) is very good, fresh fruit, coffee, toast, etc. I stayed in 405, the room didn't seem noisy to me. The toiletries with my (standard) room were hand soap, shampoo, and body wash (no conditioner). The room was very clean, the bed very comfortable, and the water pressure very good. The towels are huge and there is a towel warmer in the room. There was a trunk for my baggage. As other people mentioned the hair dryer was in the closet but it was in front of a mirror so no big deal. The staff was relatively helpful, but can't really answer many questions. They were nice about letting me store my bags upon arrival and before leaving.	
Sep 14 2009 	Wonderful bedding good staff - but use the internet cafe over the road	I decided to book a room at this hotel after having had a meal in their restaurant, Olive's, where I was impressed with the friendly, efficient service and the quality of the food. I got quite a good deal though lastminute.com and was delighted with the room. Very comfortable bed (with a luxurious mattress topper) and large screen TV. Only two negative comments: there is a very peculiar toy cat behind Reception that feels really out of place, and they charge an outrageous amount for internet access. There is an internet cafe across the street which I think must surely be cheaper. That said, I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will very happily stay there again.	
Sep 5 2009 	A Very Nice Hotel	I spent one week at this hotel and have to say it was a good choice. The convenience to the Gloucester Road tube station and the neighborhood restaurants were welcome. The staff was attentive but not overly friendly, which was fine. The floors did creak, but I only noticed it when walking on them. The hotel does need to do something about the noise casued by the doors slamming. I did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants, instead went to several of the local eateries. The room itself was small, but comfortable and the bathroom was roomy. I would recommend this hotel to others visiting London, and would definitely stay there if I return to London in the future.	
Aug 28 2009 	Not bad	We stayed for two nights in early August. It was okay. Reception was &quot;polite&quot; as the British can typically be. No warmth or friendliness there. All business. Room was down a long, long hallway, up and down stairs, through closed doors etc. The room itself was'nt had. Spacious enough, comfortable, but with the CREAKIEST floors - my word!! That definetly took some getting used to. And why don't London hotels have those folding luggage rack on which one to put one's suitcase? There were also no drawers in which to store anything. Granted we were only there for two nights but there was no way to organise our belongings. I had to lay my suitcase across the only chair in the room otherwise it would have been on the floor. That's where my husband's stayed. Come on! Bathroom was spacious, clean, water pressure good. Internet very expensive - 20 pounds a day - we lived without it! All that said, the room did have its charm and we were quite comfortable there. We loved the hotel's location, tube right there, lots of restaurants in the vicinity and a nice pub across the street. Close to everything. Loved it! Would we stay there again - sure, for the right price.	
Aug 24 2009 	Comfortable!	My husband and I traveled with our 2 kids and requested adjacent rooms, for the children, which the hotel gladly honored. The staff was helpful and responsive, the rooms clean, the beds very comfortable and they did not scrimp on towels (loved the big bath sheets!). The room my husband and I shared was a bit small and we tripped over our suitcases a bit, but I understand this is not unusual for European hotels. As others have pointed out, the decor could use some upgrading (new carpet, wallpaper etc.),which appeared a bit warn but by no means shabby, and did not bother us at all since we were not entertaining on this trip, Infact the lobby is small but charming with a beautiful grand staircase. We did not eat at the hotel but the breakfast seemed popular. The hotel is very well located just across from a tube station and there are several markets, stores, and restaurants within the block.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location for seeing London	We stayed 3 nights at Baileys and would do it again. The rooms are clean, quiet and roomy enough to move around. The location is ideal with the Gloucester Road tube (underground) stop right across the street. We purchased the breakfast package with our room and it was well worth it. Great breakfast buffet.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel after a cruise, on the final night of our holiday. We did not know much about the hotel prior to booking and were wondering what would be on the other side of the door when unlocking it - to our great surprise was an amazing big room! There was a little entrance area with a dressing table and bathroom off this. Then there was the biggest bedroom I've ever slept in! The bed was amazingly comfortable and we could not fault this hotel. The shower had great pressure and everything was lovely. It did cost a bit for the internet access but this seems to be normal these days. There was an interactive TV in the room for those without a computer as well. The room was very quiet with double insulated windows. Checkout was 12 noon which was an incredible bonus for us because we had a late flight out that evening. We slept late due to the quietness and darkness of the room (we thought it was about 8am until we opened the drapes!)Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel - especially because it is directly across the road from the Glochester Road underground which gave us a direct rail connection to Heathrow! Fantastic.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent Location Staff and Price	My wife and I spent 4 days at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel upon our arrival in London. It is in a great and safe neighborhood, just across the street from Gloucester Rd. Underground which makes it easy to travel anywhere in London or througout the UK. The staff was wonderful and helpful and the concierge staff is second to none. The restaurant is a bit pricey but there are reasonably priced and good places very nearby. Pickup for all London tours is on the backside of the block... We had always heard how small London hotel rooms are but ours at the Bailey's was spacious and well appointed with a large full bath and plenty of hot water, flat screen TV, and internet . The floors creaked a bit but then this is not a new hotel. We were more than pleased with our selection of MBH. We took advantage of an excellent special rate and we will return.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good location and value	Just outside Gloucester Rd railway station, which is on the line to Heathrow, makes this a great location. The hotel rooms were a good size, clean and quiet, but a fair hike to the lifts. Hotel is starting to look tired and will need refurbishing shortly. Overall a great spot to stay in London.	
Aug 2 2009 	Wonderful Stay great location	My wife and I stayed here for 9 days in July and loved it! The location can't be beat. Right across the street from Gloucester Road Underground station (3 lines) with direct ride to many London sights and Heathrow Airport. Number 49 bus stops right in front of the hotel as does the tourist Big Bus. Restaurants, cafes, pubs and even a supermarket are very close by. The hotel is warm and comfortable even if a little worn. Nice bar and restaurant. We recommend it highly.	
Aug 1 2009 	The best 4 star for its rate in London	Just a very quick review to recommend this hotel. It is 4 star comfort as you would hope it to be. Location is perfect for all the museums. The rooms are large, fully equipped and well furnished. All staff were friendly and welcoming, including towards my 5 year old son.Only negative, as i see another reviewer mentions, is the extra costs - i think they make up for the room rate which was very reasonable, by the extras - internet usage costs a fortune!Overall, perfect 4 star comfort and quality for a 3 star price. That said, for a special occassion i would happily pay more to stay there.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect location	It's hard to find a better located hotel than the Baileys. It's right across from a tube stop and within walking distance of all the shopping and sites available in South Kensington. My room looked out over a busy street, but I didn't hear a sound. And although my room was small, it was just off the lobby's sweeping staircase on the first floor making it feel more like a home than a hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	one direct train from heathrow. no more than 10metres from the Tube	our first stop for our 4 week trip was London. we found our way to the hotel very easily with the london tube. one direct train that took ard 45mins.when we got off Gloucester Rd Station, I motioned to my wife to cross the road to the hotel. She goes to me &quot;we can't be staying there...no waaay..&quot; - indicating that the hotel had a certain opulence that was beyond our budget. I nodded, and just smiled and took our bags, crossed a little road and walked into the hotel.First impressions - grandeur. a charming flight of stairs that leads to the upper levels. Nice floral bouquet in the foyer of reception.The rooms are small, as most are in europe, but comfortable. all the mod cons u can imagine. Flat screen TV, safe, fridge...etc. The highlight would be waking up each morning to the smell of fresh bread and pastries! That's right, the hotel serves up a hearty breakfast buffet (for an additional cost). Mini baguettes, danishes, croissants... baked beans, bacon, fruit, cereal.. all in a very lovely decorated dining room that sits slightly above road level. So if you're lucky enough to sit by the window, you'd be able to watch the early morning crowd saunter past.Great hotel. Not expensive for the location - wonderful little onsite restaurant. one stop from high street kensington and the museums and also the buckingham palace. Tascos is nearby. Very safe, highly recommended!	
Jul 29 2009 	Lovely great location and value	This was our 4th trip to London and Bailey's was a great find. It has a wonderful location-just across the street from the tube and is in the heart of Kennsington. The hotel itself was very attractive and our rooms were very nice by European Standard size. A nice bar and restaraunt were on site and the breakfast was great. The staff was also very helpful and we were allowed to check in early. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location	Nice neighborhood style hotel right across the street from the Gloucester Rd. tube stop with its three intersecting lines - the District , Circle and Picadilly Lines so you can go direclty to most all of the major sites as well as to and from Heathrow Airport. Too convenient! This place is a litle farther out from the City Center but the price difference is worth it. The rooms are decorated like a country B&amp;B. The bathrooms are nice. The rooms are small, however that is typical for Europe. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was not included.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good hotel fantastic location	We stayed for eight nights in a standard room on the 5th floor and really liked it. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the air-conditioning worked well and there was a good sized flat screen TV. It was great to have a bath tub where we could soak our weary muscles at the end of a long day’s walking. We caught the tube from Heathrow to Gloucester Road which was very easy. We ate at the hotel one evening and the food was fine however our favourite restaurant was Dim T which is only a short walk away and serves delicious Asian food. I would recommend this hotel as we loved the location and found it to be good value for money.	
Jul 27 2009 	didn't meet expectations	After reading the reviews I was confident that our stay would be a good one.We stayed from Friday to Sunday. We have visited London many times, stayed in many different areas and always had great accomodation. I always use trip advisor but this is the first time I felt the need to write a review. After checking in with a rather rude receptionist. we got to our room. It was a twin not double as requested. Reporting this we were told to push the beds together ourselves. We asked if they could send somebody to sort it out but that never happened. Not what you would expect for a four star hotel. The room was airy and clean but I have stayed in much better for much less cost. Breakfast was good but the staff were rude. We were allocated a table but by the time we had got our breakfast we were informed that it had been given to someone else and we were ushered to sit in the bar. Here I asked for some coffee and tea which arrived about twenty minutes later with no milk or sugar. The way the waitress looked when I asked for some could have 'turned milk sour'. Needless to say we didn't receive any and I ended up fetching some breakfast milk in a glass! The location is great for the tube and bus routes and there are good restaurants and shops close.We are not a fussy, hard to pleae family at all but just expect a decent hotel with friendly helpful staff to make the stay pleasant. It wasn't and they didn't so would not return again.	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location	We stayed here for our first overseas holiday and were happy with the location, directly across the road from the tube, and in a lovely area. The room was good and the bathroom quite large, we had been told both would be small in the UK. We were able to walk to many tourist spots or take the tube and found the staff to be friendly and helpful.	
Jul 22 2009 	Pretty good hotel - watch extra fees!	I've stayed at Baileys many times for both business and pleasure over the years. A reasonably nice hotel located conveniently right next to the Gloucester Rd tube. Comfortable beds and amenities. Minor annoyances: very creaky floors mean that the people upstairs can wake you if they come home late! Major annoyance is the high cost of internet in the room (20 pounds for a day or 8 pounds for an hour!). Word to the wise: Negotiate this up front as you check in - maybe you can upgrade to a room that includes internet. Can't believe they get away with this! Also, breakfast in the dining room is quite expensive when you consider what you can get at many nearby locations for under 6 pounds.All in all, though, if you're careful to avoid the traps you can have a nice experience here.	
Jul 15 2009 	great location	We go to London 2/3 times per year and wouldn't normally stay in this part of town as we prefer to be closer to the west end. However it was so convenient for Heathrow and the museums, with Hyde Park just up the road. The hotel is directly across the road from the tube station and the area around the hotel is well served with bars, restaurants, and services. The hotel itself was slightly faded but clean overall. The breakfast was poor and if I had to do it again I'd have upgraded to a larger room, cancelled breakfast and eaten locally in the morning if hungry. Staff were nice and efficient. This is not luxurious but is a good place to stay, within reach of major tourist attractions. I would stay again.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent location as a base for touring London	Location &amp; Access: The hotel is located in Kensington directly opposite Gloucester Road Underground Station. This is on the Circle and District Lines which affords easy access to the West End and nearly all the main railway termini. It is a15 minute walk to Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park, the museums and the Royal Albert Hall. Car parking – difficult and use of a car is not recommended. In the vicinity there are plenty of convenience stores, including Tesco and Waitrose. A good selection of eating places, bars and pubs, from fast food take away to more upmarket options. The area in general has a well kept feel and is safe. Overview: Architecturally the hotel is late Victorian early Edwardian construction; 5 floors reminiscent of many of the “mansion” blocks in the area. Reception and Public Areas: A large well maintained space with a small seating area and complimentary newspapers. This opens up to a grand staircase. The desk staff are efficient and friendly. Also on the ground floor is a bar and “Olives” dining room where an attempt has been made to retain the traditional architectural features with a contemporary mix of design and furnishing. The public areas are clean and well maintained although somewhat disconcertingly I observed plates from room service lying on floors of corridors for more than 12 hours. It should be noted that there is no garden or outside space for sitting. Food &amp; Drink: The breakfast buffet is plentiful with a full selection of cooked items, pastries, croissants and a great range of fresh fruit salads. Coffee is the best I have had in a hotel for some time! There is a restaurant and a comprehensive room service menu. Expect to pay £15+. My Bedroom: On the third floor – with a view of the adjacent hotels immense conservatory roof. I had booked a single and when checking in the receptionist had assured me this was one of the “larger” single rooms. Tiny but well formed would be my description. A small wardrobe with hangers also contained an ironing board, trouser press and a safe. Traditional “antique style” wooden furniture, combined with cream decor and simple drapes. Lighting was reasonable. I did not find the bed or pillows very comfortable. The air conditioning was effective. Deep pile carpet could not disguise the noise of creaking floorboards in a building of this age. There is a mini bar and tea/coffee making. A large flat screen TV complimented by interactive services was efficient and easy to use with a multitude of channels in several languages. Cable internet access. Charges for telephone and internet quite exorbitant! In comparison with the bedroom the white tiled bathroom with “Victorian” style fittings was large and had a full size bath and shower and, unusually, a huge frosted glass window making this a very light space. A basic range of complimentary toiletries. Little irritations – poor lighting control, security tagging on the mini bar, banging of doors in nearby rooms, no clock. Overview: My stay was in early July and the hotel was well patronised. For London the four star rating is about right and I found this to be the most reasonably priced and convenient hotel in its class and location. This is an ideal base for anyone staying in London for a few days.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good Location - Not Bad Hotel	We stayed at the Baileys for four nights and overall impression is not bad. To recap, upon checkin we were offered an upgraded room (club room) and internet access for an extra 20 pounds per night and we took it (Internet fee is 20 pounds by itself, so internet and upgraded room for 20 pounds seemed like a deal). Even the club room was a little cramped, so i'm sure if we had not upgraded, the standard room would have been even smaller. Also, the air conditioner was not working to it's full potential it seemed....called the front desk and a technician checked it out and told us it was working fine (trust me it wasn't) but he did bring us a table-top fan. The bathroom is small, barely enough room to take a shower, this was a bummer. One day the hairdryer stopped working (fixed to the wall so couldn't try another outlet), housekeeping had to bring a replacement, and also several of the power outlets were not working in the room so all our charging for laptop, camera had to be done through one outlet. Again, in our opinion, the strength of this hotel is it's location, it's literally across the Gloucester road underground station, there are plenty of restaurants around this place, grocery shops, etc, etc.	
Jul 8 2009 	23 pounds for a five minute local phone call	Yep, that's right. This hotel charged me 23 pounds for a five minute phone call to a business less than six miles away from them. To make matters worse, they don't even bother to list the fees for phone calls next to the phone like other hotels do so that you know what you're getting into to. My bad, I should have known to ask. Otherwise, this hotel has an excellent location as it's right by the subway station and you can get to most places by subway in 15-20 minutes. Within one block, there is an internet cafe, several coffee shops, several fast food places, a Tesco, a post office, currency exchange services, restaurants and a pub. The hotel is not within walking distance to the main tourist attractions, but there are three subway lines that run from the station that is right outside the hotel's door. The room is not too bad for the price with a large TV and a comfy bed. The floors are very creaky and it is true that you can hear your neighbors through the walls. With all of that said, if it were not for the ridiculous gouging on phone charges, I would have stayed here again if the price was right.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect Location - Comfortable Room	I just returned from a three week vacation in England, and one week at this hotel in London. I was so happy when I discovered how perfectly situated this hotel is. It is very convenient, right next to the Gloucester Street tube station, I mean right next door! You can get anywhere in London from that station and it is not very hectic like others can be. Additionally, you can take the London Express from Heathrow and then at Paddington Station get on the Circle or District tube line and in four stops you are at your hotel. It truly doesn't get anymore convenient than that!The hotel was very clean, and the room was a good size for the price. I got my room rate on a web travel planner and it averaged abotu 100 a night. It was a good deal. I think however the rooms are pricier if you go through the hotel website. The room was perfect for one person. It had a very comfortable single bed with great pillows and a large screen TV which I loved when I was watching Wimbledon. The air conditioning was a god send as it was very hot in London when I was there, about 95 degrees hot. Believe me coming back to the hotel after a day's walking was a pleasant experience to say the least. The room was quiet, and I had the one next to the elevator! I slept like a dream. The bathroom was a bit cramped, but I didn't mind because it was clean and well appointed.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, but I didn't use them much as I ate outside everyday and was never at the hotel. I can't comment about the food, although they do charge a 50% rate for hotel guests for breakfast. I didn't appreciate that really, so I ate off site. Overall I would recommend this hotel to my best friend. I really loved it, and enjoyed my stay immensely.	
Jun 29 2009 	Comfortable room-great location	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. We found our room to be very comfortable and spacious. The location was fantastic. When we arrived at Heathrow, we took the tube straight to our hotel. It couldn't have been earier. After a long day of exploring London, it was nice to have the hotel directly accross the street from the Tube. We found the staff to be very helpful. I had to request a room change when we arrived as our 2nd floor room had a small flight of stairs after you exited the elevator. My Mother cannot do stairs, and we were quickly given a room w/o stiairs.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good location	Grand looking reception area, service was slow, had to be asked to move room several times on different occasions. Noise and unsatisfactory bathroom decor finish, i.e stains etc.. Breakfast is good, dinner is expensive, wine is also expensive.	
Jun 22 2009 	Excellent stay	My friend and i booked this hotel as top secret hotel on a website, getting us a really good deal, having stayed here twice in the past i knew which hotel it would be. The staff were very polite and professional. The room we had this time was much larger than anything i have been given before. The 2 beds and bedding were very comfortable and the room was light and clean. At least another 2 single beds could have fitted in and there was plenty of room for our clothes. The closet contained 2 towelling robes a hairdyer and a mini safe. The bathroom was also clean and in great condition. The lobby and bar area are tastefully decorated as is the breakfast room, the food being standard breakfast fare and very enjoyable. Even the corridors that we went thru were fresh smelling and well decorated, often these can be a bit musty smelling with definate signs of wear and tear in some hotels. The hotels location is perfect, with a tube station opposite the hotels front door, very handy if its raining, all you have to do is step out onto the pavement and cross the street straight into the station. Also on the other side of the road is a mini tesco, great for grabbing drinks and snacks. A Garfunkles is right by the tube station in the little arcade, often more handy than eating in the more busy parts of town where you may have a long wait to be seated.A very enjoyable stay.	
Jun 22 2009 	Good location	Great location. Hotel was very nice and clean but the room was small, even for London standard. Friendly staff they were very helpful. Very nice breakfast buffet.	
Jun 21 2009 	Satisfactory.	We stayed at the Millenium Bailey's for 6 nights in June. The hotel is respectable for the price and location but overall was just a satisfactory experience.Our flight arrived early in the morning and the hotel was prepared to accomodate us for an early checkin...we were quite pleased when we initially checked in. The staff was polite and courteous. Our superior room had enough space with a comfortable queen size bed and small sitting area - all the key amenities were available in the room. The hotel is older so the furniture and decor is showing signs of wear, but the room itself was clean. Our only gripe, which to us is a major turnoff, was the bathroom. Upon initial inspection of the bathroom, the tub and toilet were well maintained...but then there was the bathtub. There was a broken tile in the tub that exposed some bare plywood and the window in the tub had mold buildup around the window sill. I'd like to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt, because I have not read of any other complaints about the bathrooms, but this really left a negative feeling about our room experience. We tried the breakfast buffet the first day - came down to the breakfast room just after 7am (opens at 7am) - the variety was good, but the food itself was just okay - the hot foods in particular was cold/luke warm at best and seemed like they had been sitting there for awhile. We chose to check out the cafes and restaurants in the area the following mornings, and found we got better variety and meals overall.We do have to say that the shining light about this hotel is location - not only are there are number of restaurants, cafes, and convenience stores in the immediate area, but we were across the street from the tube that was on 3 main lines. We've had many discussions about our experience at the Bailey's and have asked ourselves if we would we stay there again..if we put location and convenience as a priority and I was given a clean and maintained bathroom, most likely...	
Jun 19 2009 	Great Stay- would stay again!	We spent 4 nights at Bailey's and while it's not a luxury hotel with a lot of amenities, it was a great hotel for the price. Lovely looking restaurant/lounge (we didn't eat there) and lobby. The most important things we look for in a hotel are cleanliness, location, and accessibility to the sights we want to visit. Bailey's was perfect. Gloucester Road station was directly across the street with access to the Piccadilly Line (and others) to Heathrow- didn't have to pay for a taxi to the airport! It was a quiet, safe area close the the Natural History Museum. We were able to grab a quick, inexpensive breakfast at Burger King across the street (there a several other restaurants nearby also), then head out on the Tube. The bed was comfortable, the room was very adequate in size, included a safe, and we were able to fit our 3 suitcases quite nicely. Bathroom was adequate by European standards and there was always hot water and decent water pressure. Yes, the place could have used new carpeting and some paint in places but we were in town to sight-see and enjoy London not hang out at the hotel. If luxury is what you want then go somewhere else, but if you are after clean, comfortable and easy accessibility, Bailey's should do nicely!	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location very nice	This hotel is across the street from the Gloucester tube station and in an area with numerous restaurants and pubs. If you don't want to take the tube, most tourist attractions are within about a three-mile walk. The hotel is very nice, clean and comfortable. We stayed in a standard room which was more than adequate. Breakfast was a buffet with the standard English fare...sausage, scrambled eggs, toast, bacon, ham, pastries, baked tomatoes, beans, cereal, canned fruit etc. Staff members are helpful and friendly. We would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel great location good value	We stayed at the Baileys after reading all the positive reviews here and on Fodors. I have to say I was very pleased with the hotel. We only stayed two nights, I had booked through Londontown.com and received a good rate, which closer to the time had gone up considerably, so don't delay thinking the price will go down. The room was a very good size for London, the bathroom huge, with heated towel rails. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the location, right opposite the Gloucester Road Tube station could not be beaten. There is a terrific cafe practically next door called The Forum cafe which did a mean breakfast. My only negatives were that the room as it faced an internal courtyard was dark but no additional lighting had been provided, there were only bedside lights (actually only one bed side light, the other was on the desk) and one small downlight. If were to stay here for any length of time the darkness of the room would be a bit depressing. Also the air conditioning didn't seem to be working. It just blew out warm air. The nights were actually quite warm as we were lucky to have had great weather and the aircon was not effective enough. I don't like cold airconditioning, in fact I don't even like air conditioning but the window wouldn't stay open. I did mention this when I left so hopefully it was just a &quot;room&quot; fault which could be fixed.We didn't eat breakfast or dinner in the hotel so I cannot comment on the restaurant.Overall we were very pleased.	
Jun 10 2009 	FABULOUS HOTEL - GREAT LOCATION	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Bailey's Hotel. What a delight. The location cannot be beat. Right across from the tube station. I will admit, I didn't cheap out and reserve a tiny room, I reserved a non-smoking Deluxe Queen which really was a King. The room was huge, super clean, no smoke smell at all. The bathroom was enormous. The water was always hot and the shower pressure was always strong. The floors in the hallways were a little creaky, but I never heard a peep once our door was closed. Inside the room, you'd never know you were in a crowded hotel (and we were on the 3rd floor with people above and below). I also arranged for the buffet breakfast. Let me tell you, this was well worth the extra 7.75 pounds per person. The variety of juices, cereals, eggs, pastries, fruits, coffee, tea, sausage, bacon, potatoes, mushrooms, tomatoes, cheese, meats, and on and on. It was really great to be able to stop on our way out to sightsee and have a terrific and balanced breakfast. The staff was courteous and the food was replenished every few minutes. One day I asked for a banana for my cereal and I think someone actually ran to the store to buy a bunch. That's service. The hotel is located very conveniently near the tube, grocery store and convenience stores. The bar downstairs is a nice place for a late night cocktail before retiring after a long day of touring around London. The hotel staff was helpful at every turn. I asked them to assist with restaurant reservations, directions, etc. The room came with free internet access and free mini-bar. I didn't even know that until we checked in. The internet was available through the television in the room. Although it was incredibly slow and the keyboard was finicky. Still...free is free. The carpet on the stairs was a little threadbare in spots, but that to me does not qualify this hotel as run down in any way. The charm of the whole place definitely makes up for a little wear and tear. The room inlcuding breakfast for two and taxes was under $200/night. Not exactly a budget price by some standards, but I'm a New Yorker and you could never get that room in that location with breakfast for less than double that in New York or other places in London for that matter. I would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly. Obvioiusly there are mixed reviews here, I guess it can be hit or miss sometimes, but I'm thankful my stay was a hit.	
Jun 10 2009 	London Surprise	We were prepared to stay in a tourist hotel with a small and dying-to-be-refurbished room. On the contrary, it was a spacious (by most hotel standards, including Asia where hotel rooms are generally big) and well maintained room at the Millennium Bailey's. While the services are standard, we were happy with the Victorian building, the grand staircase, and high ceilings. The best part is its location. It's right next to the Gloucester Road Underground Station which makes moving around (and coming home after a long day-- and that counts if you've been walking for hours) so convenient.	
Jun 7 2009 	Excellent location lousy attitude to customer's health	Booked a room more than 1 month in advance and asked for non-smoking via their online site. Given a non-smoking room. First night too tired to notice and second night came back too late to change room - by then had realised that have been breathing in smoked filled room via the ventilation for 2 nights. On 3rd night, asked to change room, the reply was that no non-smoking rooms were available and 'non-smoking' is only a preference in their on-line booking and is not guaranteed - this was repeated several times as a well rehearsed standard reply. Given then Britain has passed laws to ban smoking in confined spaces like restaurants and shops, that the management of the hotel willfully poisions their guests is something beyond comprehension. After some insistence they offered to move us to another room with additional 20 pound charge per night - which we declined to pay and they finally agreed to move us without extra charge (the money was pittance but the attitude of the hotel that they dont hold responsibility in the matter and that the GUEST should PAY for a solution to THEIR management problem is supremely galling).Never encountered such management policy before in all my travels.CK from Singapore	
Jun 3 2009	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION	The location of this hotel is beyond compare!!! Right across the street from the tube station. ( But you don't hear any noise once in the hotel). Also acrss the street from affordable restaurants. The staff were very pleasant and the room was very nice and not too small. The bed was super comfy. I would stay here again and I would recommend it to others.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good choice	Spent two nights during the Chelsea Flower show here. Very convenient right outside the exit of the Gloucester tube station. Hotel is elegant in an old world way. Twin room was very big, double room is much smaller. Lots of cafes and bars outside on street. Would certainly consider again.	
Jun 2 2009 	My wife and I will be returning	Bailey’s Millennium Hotel – London – TripAdvisor ReviewMy wife and I have been to London many times since her son lives there. But this was our first stay at Bailey’s Millennium.We decided to try the hotel mostly based on its location and the reviews of others from the Trip Advisor website.I am glad that we chose this hotel and we will certainly be booking it for our next stay in London.We stayed for 6 nights and were able to take advantage of their “Leisure For Longer” package from the hotels website.There are many reasons for us to want to book this hotel again. However, let me start with the short list of things we hope the hotel will consider in order to make their customers even happier for choosing Bailey’s.The website was not clear about what rooms/rates are available. When we booked the room type was described as a Club Room. However we could not find a photo of this room on the hotel’s website. Nor were we able to find any reference to a price that would also include a Full English Breakfast on the website. We had to go through several emails back and forth with Bailey’s reservations until we were satisfied we were going to get what we paid for. As a side note to this, when you check in you will receive a Room Card showing specifics about your reservation.Make sure you have a look at the amenities included such as Breakfast (Continental/Full) listed on the Room Card and make sure they are indeed included in the price.The only other thing about the room (206 btw) was that some of the items such as the wall paper, rug and couch looked tired. I am sure that the hotel wants their guests to have a positive first impression and not have to work even harder to build up a good impression afterwards.Now to the things we liked about the hotel. First after traveling for almost 17 hours and being up close to 24 hours, the beds (two twins) were really comfortable. This in part, I am sure, was due to the maids who take care of the rooms. They really do a fine job in making the room very comfortable.It’s also a good thing that we were able to set a wake up call on the 37” flat screen TV so we got up in the mornings. The location of the hotel was another definite plus. We flew into Gatwick and took the Gatwick Express (also highly recommended) to Victoria Station.From there it was a quick taxi (10 mins) to the hotel. The Gloucester Rd. tube stop is just across the street from the hotel. There were also a couple of supermarkets nearby as well. There was a Tesco across the street and next to the Tube stop is the Gloucester Road arcade.There you will find several restaurants and a Waitrose (Fresh Market equiv.) supermarket.On several occasions we also tried the Pret A Manager shop right across Gloucester Rd from the hotel for a quick free-range egg and bacon sandwich or a Scottish raspberry breakfast bowl.Also across the street was the Stanhope Arms Pub where my English wife and I had a Full English breakfast (£4.95). She had the vegetarian version but I prefer the real thing. Both were well worth the price considering the hotel wanted £16.50 for the Full Monty.May I also suggest a fine English (organic) restaurant on Old Brompton Rd. just up the street from the hotel called The Bumpkin. A moderately priced restaurant, my wife and I had the Roast Beef and Yorkshire pudding (£17.50 each) for a Sunday Road Lunch. Make sure you try their breads and jams as well. (Yummy!!!)On the communications side, there was an Internet Café just across from the Tube stop and just north of Cromwell Rd which is just before you get to a Barclay’s Bank (for any of you BofA folks).It’s down in the basement so make sure you look down after crossing Cromwell on the West side of Gloucester Rd to find it.There were other Internet Café’s and places offering Internet service but this one had everything I was looking for plus it was the least expensive.I should mention that the room (Club/ Superior) was a very good size room certainly by London standards. Even though we were on the 2nd floor (actually the 3rd for us colonists) facing Gloucester Rd, it was very quiet. This was no doubt due to the extra window casings that subdued the sounds from the city.Compared to others who have written about the lack of hot water, we never had any problems with the temperature or pressure of the water in our bathroom.Even during a late afternoon, when I did use the bath one time, the water was very warm and comfortable thank you very much.There was a very quiet heating/cooling system in the room. I have to say that my wife has asked for different rooms/hotels in previous stays at such hotels where the noise from these systems were not acceptable to her ears. This was not the case at Bailey’s. We made contact with perhaps ½ dozen of the hotel staff and all were courteous and helpful which made our stay even more pleasant. We’ll be back. :)	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent	This is a beautiful hotel. It's located opposite to Gloucester Road station and has many restaurants and bars around the area. One can walk upto Earl's Court for more variety in bars etc. The hotel has the best Indian Restaurant in London known as Bombay Brassrie..This hotel is minutes away from Hyde Park, Knightsbridge..and famous stores like Harvey Nicols, Harrods...Overall the service, the rooms and everything in the hotel is excellent.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good value great location lovely hotel	We booked a weekend stay at the Millenium Baileys on LastMinute using their 'secret hotel' option. This meant that we got a considerable reduction in the price of the room but, until we had confirmed our booking, we didn't know for sure where we'd be staying... we weren't disappointed. The location is absolutely great - right next to Gloucester Road tube station and surrounded by lovely bars and restaurants. In fact, if we hadn't booked to do other things in other parts of london, we could easily have gone out every night in the local area and never had to visit the same place twice.The outside of the hotel looks stunning and the reception &amp; bar areas were equally grand. I will agree with some of the other reviewers that the corridors could do with a redecoration but they are clean and tidy and do their job just fine. Our room was in the far corner of the hotel, so had windows on two sides. It was large for london and had a good sized, comfortable bed. The bed was not as big as you might find in some american hotels but it was bigger than our bed at home and, as there were only two of us sleeping in it, there was more than enough room for both of us to spread out! The bathroom was also large with an over-bath shower. I will agree with other reviewers that the floorboards of upstairs rooms (we were on the 4th of 5 floors) can be noisy but this building is over 100 years old, so creaking floors are only to be expected. If those other reviewers wanted a homogeneous, sanitised disney-style hotel, then they should probably have gone somewhere else - this place has something far more interesting... history.Our room-rate included breakfast which was served in a very nice, compact dinning room. We never had any problem getting a good window table and the dishes containing a wide selection of food (cereal, fruit, continental and full english) were always available and always full. Staff were all pleasant and helpful and it was a rare treat in an English hotel to find that the receptionist was a native English speaker - i don't think i've experienced that for a number of years.I could point out a few little things that i would change if i was running this hotel but i think that would be nit-picking and would be pretty unfair. We had a lovely stay in a spotlessly clean, very comfortable, great value for money hotel in a fantastic location. Could not have asked for more - we will definitely be staying here next time we are in london.	
May 28 2009 	Nice location-decent deal	I booked a room at this hotel using lastminute.com. It was clean, spacious, well located, and comprable in price to a Hilton or Marriott in the States. Given what you normally pay and what you normally get, you may find cheaper hotels in London, but I don't think you can expect a much better value.I would particularly recommend this spot if you are going to be spending time at the Museums or Hyde park. Both are a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. The best feature is the tube. The circle, district, and picadilly lines are across the street. Heathrow is within 35 minutes, Harrods is 2 stops down the line, and Picadilly Circus and Covent Garden are less than a 20 minute ride.	
May 24 2009 	Affordable Hotel with Convenience	I stayed for 6 nights in May, 2009. Booked a very reasonable deal through Londontown.com. Got a non smoking room, double room on the 5th floor. The room was standard size as was the bathroom. Good shower pressure. Flat screen TV with variety of stations and music channels. Has elevators. Had mini bar and safe plus hair dryer and irons in room (look in closet). The only negatives were the separate hot and cold faucets in the bathroom sink. The pillows could also stand being replaced as they were very thin. The hallways are quite worn but I found this to be a very affordable option for London. The hotel could not be more convenient to the tube. It is right across the street from the Gloucester tube line which serves Circle, District and Piccadilly lines. Direct tube line from Heathrow (only a few stairs to do with luggage at Gloucester station otherwise stair free from Heathrow due to elevators). The hotel internet is outrageous however. Go across the street to either of two internet cafes where for 3 pounds you get an hour's use vs. 8 pounds at the hotel. There is a Starbucks across the street as well as a Burger King and KFC if you're hungry for US fast food. There's also a nice, upper scale hamburger joint across the street as well. On that same street is a 24 hour small grocery market which is very convenient and has ready made sandwiches, snacks, and other food items. There's also a large supermarket located in the strip mall attached to the Gloucester tube station which is open typical business hours. There's also a nice pub across the street and I felt very safe in the area at night as a single female. If you book any tours through Golden Tours, they have a pick up point at the other Millenniumn hotel located just a few doors down so that is very convenient as well. Overall, I was very pleased with my stay. Staff were very nice. Price was something I could afford in London and tube convenience was something I needed.	
May 23 2009 	Fine for London	Back in the States, I would give this hotel a much more harsh review. However, I have stayed at much dodgier places in London and have come to realize that to get a quality level comparable to what I can get in the States, I would be spending sums of money I just can't justify. So, for the price and location, the Bailey's is a good choice. We stayed in a superior queen on the fifth floor. We requested a quiet, smoke free room, and that is pretty much what we got. The floor is crazy squeeky, so I'm glad we were on the top floor. Otherwise, that would have been very frustrating. The room size was large for London standards, but I understand that standard queen rooms are smaller.The heat and a/c were both effective, and the shower was good once we figured out how to use it--which was a guessing game every morning we were there which was a total of four. The bathroom was clean. Some of the floor tiles were loose due to the flexing of the surface below the tiles, so that made moving around in the bathroom a little strange. Their internet access is outrageous, but if you have wireless internet access, go across the street to the Pret A Manger and have a cup of coffee and you'll have an hour's free internet access. We tapped into the Pret's internet service all over London, for that matter!Front desk personnel were relatively professional. I will complain about the concierge, however. Prior to our trip, we called to confirm that they would be willing to keep our large bags for us while we traveled to the Lake District (we stayed at the Bailey's our first night in London, then took a three day trip to the L.D.) and then were booked for three more nights at the Baileys. Over the phone we were assured this would be fine. At check in, however, the concierge on duty stated that they were not allowed to do that. When the time came for us to depart for our L.D. trip, the then-on-duty concierge happily took our bags for us. Seems like you get different answers depending on who you are dealing with.The hotel lobby is lovely, but once you get into the halls leading to the rooms, the age and wear of the hotel become obvious. The carpet is very worn in the stairs and parts of the hallways. But in the rooms, the carpet was fine.All said, this hotel is a good value for London and I would recommend it on that basis. We did not eat in the restaurant, so nothing to add on that topic.	
May 23 2009 	Excellent British experience hotel for a reasonable price.	Excellent value -- this hotel is right across from a Tube station so it's super-convenient to get around, and easy walking distance to Kensington Gardens. It's very British, both in look and service. The lobby is stunning with an ornate curving staircase, there's a good bar right off the lobby, and a very nice breakfast room with a great buffet. The room was large by European standards. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I've stayed at a dozen or so London hotels and I like this the best for its ratio of value to amenities. Excellent choice.	
May 21 2009 	Consistently good	I stay in London quite a lot on business. I do stay in a variety of hotels but Millenium Bailey's is one of my favourites. It is in an excellent location, right next to Gloucester Road tube, and I have found it to be consistently quite good. Only on one occasion was I given a tiny room with very poor soundproofing. In general, the rooms are an adequate size and clean. Most of the rooms are not super-luxurious but for the price it is a good hotel to stay at as you tend to know what you're going to get - something I appreciate.The breakfast is OK, with a good selection, although pret a manger is just across the street so I think it's usually cheaper to get a room only rate and just get breakfast there.	
May 18 2009 	positively brilliant	I snagged a deal on lastminute.com and stayed here for 2 nights. I loved the convenient location. It was a minute away from the Gloucester Road tube and about 10 minutes away from the Chelsea bars; there were also several grocery stores on the block. The room was a decent size, immaculate, and well-presented. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2009 	Perfect location poor service tired old hotel	I stayed at the Bailey's Hotel for 3 days in May based on recommendations on Tripadvisor, the rate and a newspaper forum. My experience was mixed. First, the location was perfect for us. We had stayed east of this area earlier in our trip, and we liked the convenience of the Bailey's. We paid for breakfast as part of the rate. When I checked in, I was offered a 20 GBP upgrade for free internet and minibar. As I checked in the clerk was trying to help someone who could not connect to the internet. That should have been a warning tome, but I accepted the upgrade. However, the internet did not work, despite 3 visits from tech support. We had to argue with the front desk to get a voucher for access in the lobby. My son was working on web site development throughout this trip, so access was important. The hotel never did fix the connection, but offered us another room. We found that we could hack onto an unsecured wireless connection from someone in the area, and used theirs, so we nixed the room change. We were at the end of an 11 day trip and didn't want to waste the time to pack up and move. The minibar had almost nothing in it and they failed to restock it during the 3 days we stayed. The room was probably bigger than other rooms, but the upgrade was basically a ripoff. The room had a lot of windows, one of which did not have a shade on it. The sun rose on the side the room with the window that had the broken window shade. We had to hang a jacket on the window to keep the sun from waking us up at the crack of down, which comes early in London at that time of year. As others have noted, there are steps in the hallway of the hotel. Elevators are slow and very, very small. The floors creaked. Overall the hotel has the appearance of a very old, tired building that overdue for rehab.I paid a one night's deposit when I reserved the room, and the hotel charged me for the full remaining amount of my stay on checkin. It is now over a week after my checkin and my credit card account is still showing a temporary charge for the full amount of my stay. Fortunately I have a high credit limit, so it's not a problem, but other businesses cancel the temporary charge within a day or so of receiving the full payment.The Gloucester tube stop is across the street, so it's perfect for getting around. You can go directly to the theater district and shopping at Harvey Nicks and Harrods. The hotel is in a terrific area of London, with posh interesting neighborhoods, world class dining and shopping a short walk away. The staff were efficient, but not particularly enthused about the guests. I have experienced better staff attitudes in a Holiday Inn Express in the middle of the night in North Carolina.That said, London can be a very expensive city to visit. The hotel rate was good a the basic rate. If I stayed here again, I would get a basic room, skip the prepaid breakfast and turn down any offered upgrade. There a number of restaurants close by for coffee and roll and full breakfast if you need that. I would consider staying here again for a short stay. Just don't have high expectations.	
May 16 2009 	Great deal when you're paying out of your own pocket	My 18 year old daughter and I stayed here for four nights. It was great. It's not as nice as the places I stay for business, but it was perfect for us. If you stay three nights, you get the fourth night free, which makes it a really excellent deal. The location couldn't be better (on the Circle, District and Picadilly lines, with direct service to Heathrow), plus dozens of excellent restaurants, supermarkets and other shops all within blocks. The room was actually a fine size, with mini bar, safe, etc. The twin beds were a little saggy, but fine. The bathroom is huge and nice. The place is very quiet so you can go to bed early or sleep late without disturbance. We did not have breakfast included, but there are about four coffee shops within a block. Our flight home wasn't until late afternoon and they graciously let us have a free late check-out. We were very happy and would definitely go back.	
May 16 2009 	Very Nice Hotel and great location	Booked with the Hotels website and asked for a non-smoking, quiet room away from elevators and was given room 208. Could not have been more pleased. Floors were very squeaky in our room but did not hear from above room. Room also had one 110 outlet. Beds very comfortable, only have 2 complaint's, one was toilet seat was so squeaky I don't think an oil can could have helped the other is the internet is unbelievably expensive. Twenty pounds for 24 hours or Eight pounds for one hour. Hotel staff helpful and the location was great being right across from the tube station. There is also a Big Bus Tour stop across the street, local pubs and a KFC, Burger King, and Tesco along with currency exchange places. The JavaBean Cafe gives free WiFi with purchase of a cup of coffee, located in the mall area beside the tube station. We walked to Kensington Palace and the Natural History Museum from the Hotel.	
May 9 2009 	Awesome Location Quiet Room	You can't beat the location. All of the services you need (tube stop, bank, Internet cafe) plus restaurants, cafes and a pub are all at the hotel's doorsteps. We were fortunate to have a large superior room, but looking at the floor plan on the door, it is obvious that the room sizes are inconsistent and there are some really small rooms. The rooms are well appointed with a nice bed and comfy towels. Being an older building, the hallway floors are very creaky. The carpet and floorboards really should be replaced. We booked via the hotel's website and received a great rate. We also booked the daily breakfast buffet, which was fine for a day or two, but there are some nice cafes nearby that we would have liked to try. Overall, we were very satisfied and will stay here again.	
May 1 2009 	The best location	I got a great deal at Bailey's for my six night stay and was very happy with my choice. I had a single room with the full breakfast included. The room was small but very well done. Everything looked new in the room and in the bathroom. There was a twin bed, small closet with a safe (at floor level which made punching in those numbers a little tricky), and a nice flat screen TV. The window looked out at the Gloucester Road tube station but the double windows prevented noise problems.My only problem was that it was very stuffy as the AC didn't seem to be working. I reported it on my way out in the morning and it was fixed when I came back that night. The sink in the bathroom was the old fashioned kind with separate hot and cold taps which I'm not crazy about but I managed.I enjoyed the breakfast but you could probably do better as there are lots of eating places in the neighborhood but I figured I could load up at breakfast and then just eat once later in the day as London is still an expensive city.The location of the hotel is probably the best thing about it. You are right across the street from the tube station and right around the corner from a large supermarket. In the little mall with the supermarket is a coffee shop where you can buy a cup of coffee and get free WiFi If get to return to London, I would definitely stay at Bailey's again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great value location very comfortable hotel	Booked this hotel on lastminute.com without knowing which hotel. Was very impressed with the room as we had opted for the superior room. It was very big more like a suite was well worth the money. The location of the hotel was fantastic with the tube as a bus route to the new Westfield shopping centre outside the door. Would be a great location if flying to from Heathrow as you can get the tube directly to the hotel without changing	
Apr 27 2009 	Great building great location - should be better inside	This place looks very promising at reception, and when you first step into the room. It was clean and quite attractive, and they seemed to have thought of most things. However, my room was far too stuffy and hot. The air conditioning seemingly didn't work at all (simply blowing out room-temperature air) and opening the window all night wasn't an option because of the noisy street below. All in all, not a comfortable night's sleep. In addition, the toilet seat wouldn't stay up and they don't warn you that internet access costs £6.50 per night - browsing from the TV looks to be free, but it isn't!	
Apr 23 2009 	The Best Location	Great Location only 100 feet to Gloucester Road Tube for District and Piccadilly lines. Clean rooms, friendly, efficient staff. Good breakfast. Many restaurants within the same block. You may get a small room or a medium size room, either way it's fine. Prices are too high in London at all hotels right now but I'll be going back to this hotel for the fifth time this December. I've stayed at ten hotels in London and this is my favorite.	
Apr 18 2009 	Not worth it - horribly small rooms will not stay here again.	I've been booked here before for business, always a problem getting a decent room. This time the room is incredible tiny! The closet is a slot in the wall with room for only five hangars. The bed is fit for a small child, I am only 5'10 and cannot fit on the bed. Two tiny drawers for clothes but they insisted on sticking a minibar in the room. Open the window and you are treated to a terribly loud fan noise which makes it impossible to hear in the room. Some leftover paper trash from the previous guest was on the floor. This is at most a 2.5 star and they need to gut the place and build some realistic rooms! I will not take the chance to stay here in the future. Also the internet is 20 pounds a day! Bailey's is out to get your money and not provide a decent stay.	
Apr 17 2009 	Satisfied	The hotel is centrally located, staff are nice, place is clean and breakfast is great.	
Apr 13 2009 	Always a great stay!"	This was my fourth for fifth visit to the Millenium Baileys. Very comfortable beds, very clean, and the soundproofed windows shuts out all of the street noise. I have never been disappointed with my visits to this hotel. The location is great, just a few steps to the Gloucester Road Tube stop, and many good restaurants within the same block of the hotel. The only negative I can say is that the breakfast and Internet access are somewhat pricey.	
Apr 12 2009 	Nice hotel with a great location	My sister and I stayed at the Millennium Bailey’s from March 21 through March 28. We had a club twin room on the 3rd floor. We enjoyed our week long stay here. The room was big since it was a club room We had two twin beds and there was nice little sitting area with a small couch. The room had a great flat screen TV. The bathroom was a good size too. We had a bathtub/shower combo. The hotel provided nice toiletries too. Shampoo, body wash and lotion. With a club room the minibar was free and there was a selection of water, coke and beer. Plus Pringles and a candy bar. It’s true the floors can be creaky but our neighbors above us didn’t bother us too much. We only heard the floor creak occasionally. We also never heard anything from the rooms next to us on our floor. This hotel is in an excellent location with the Gloucester Rd Tube station right across the street. 3 lines stop here and it’s very easy to get everywhere. There are also a number of restaurants and pubs in the area for dining. We didn’t have breakfast included in the hotel as it was not included in our rate and it seemed pricey to try. We at the Patisserie across the street that had good values for breakfast with lots of choices. We enjoyed the scrambled eggs and toast breakfast. There is also a Paul’s across the street that had excellent pastries. I can’t really comment on the staff as we are the type of traveler that requires very little help from the concierge or the front desk. They were nice at check in and upon check out and that’s about all the we dealt with them. All in all we liked this hotel and would recommend it for the location alone but the club rooms are very nice and quiet.	
Apr 7 2009 	Don't bother going	Was put in small poky room, air con did not work so asked to move to another room where it did work. Was moved by less than gracious receptionist to a similar poky room again without working air con, at least the window opened in the second room!Bed lumpy, curtains and carpets stained. Not suitable for the business traveller, may be suitable for budget travellers. Not a patch on the Millenium at Knightsbridge although the location was good.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good location and nice room	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights for business and the room was comfortable. My only complaints were that the breakfast buffet was very average and the internet access costs were excessive.	
Apr 5 2009 	Old hotel but still nice staff were very friendly and helpful.	We stayed from March 20th to 25th. The hotel at first sight was a little disapointing however it soon grows on you. The hotel was clean and the staff were what made the hotel a wonderful stay. The location was good since it was located next to an Under Ground Station and buss stop which made travel easy. The breakfast that came with the stay was great. I would recomend this hotel to anybody. The only problems were the lack of storage space and the floors creeked.	
Mar 31 2009 	All Around Great Hotel	Stayed for a week in Jan and loved it. Great staff, large rooms ( by European standards ), great location and a good breakfast. Really could not have asked for more.	
Mar 31 2009 	Good hotel in a great location	We spent 4 nights at this hotel from Monday night, March 9, 2009 through Thursday night, March 12, 2009. I had been at a competitor hotel about 2 blocks away and decided to try Bailey's since the 4-night cost was about $225 US less expensive. The hotel is VERY convenient, just across the street from the Gloucester Road Underground Station. The staff was friendly and helpful even suggesting how we could save money by including breakfast for all 4 days instead of 3. We were only in the hotel for sleeping and for breakfast each day. My only complaint was that the air conditioner rattled when running. I turned in a maintenance request and assume the staff made necessary repairs.	
Mar 31 2009 	Bedbugs!	I used to live in London for 9 years and so I picked this hotel for my 2 night stay knowing how good the location is.The room was not clean enough with an old, stained carpet. The bathroom was however, clean. Service from the receptionist is very limited and they tried to charge me for extra costs which were actually included in the room rate when I was checking out.This is all not so serious though, had is not been for BEDBUGS. I awoke in the night to find one on my duvet! I didn't know what bedbugs looked like, but after researching on the internet I can confirm that it was one. To make things worse I now have lots of bites all over my body and seem to have brought them home in my luggage. You can imagine my anguish. I have paid more than GBP 120 per night for....BEDBUGS!!When I told about the bedbug at reception during my check-out they merely said they would &quot;investigate&quot;. Later I emailed the hotel to formally complain and did not receive ANY ANSWER.There are far better hotels in London and I do not recommend anyone staying there.Sincerely,Your bug-bitten ex-Londoner.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great hotel	Just returned from two days in the Millennium Baily Hotel, had an excellent stay. The location is brilliant. Booked it on Last Minute for £170 for two nights which was a bargain for the room.I've stayed in a few hotels in London and this was easily the best value.	
Mar 27 2009 	Clean Comfortable 	I stayed at Millenium Baileys post Christmas, and found it to be very clean and comfortable. The beds were definitely more comfortable than average. Great blanket and pillows. I stayed in a single, so my room was pretty small.. not much room to move around, but I'm sure the double rooms would be larger. The room had a very nice flat screen TV with many channels, as well as a tea kettle. Internet use in the hotel was expensive, but right across the street were several cheap places to make calls &amp; use computers.Location of the hotel is great. 15 minute walk to Harrods, right across the street from a main tube station, and its 3-4 quick stops from any touristy place you'd want to go. There is a Tesco across the street for snacks and other sundries. You can also very easily take the train to and from the hotel to the airport. Although be forewarned there is no elevator up from the Gloucester tube station, so you have to schlep your bags up. Not too bad.Breakfast was great! Eggs, cheeses, pastries, meats, fruits, yogurt, etc. Staff was friendly &amp; efficient.I'd stay here again!	
Mar 27 2009 	4 week stay and was excellent!	I was relocated to London and needed a place to stay that was convenient to tube and Knightsbridge. Did not know much about the areas just the tube map. I stayed here for 4 weeks and it was perfect. The location could not have been better, the fact that you can use the gym in hotel next door was great, the beds and pillows were absolutely lovely, and customer service (with the exception of one male at front desk - -terrible understanding of English and not helpful at all) was excellent!Only thing they could improve on is consistency with room cleaning. Again, I was there for a month, so I could see the differences of cleaning styles and attention to detail from day to day, but the guest that was there for just a few days might not notice.Great place to stay, convenient well priced...would recommend again and again!thank you!	
Mar 17 2009 	Good hotel in a great location	We had 3 rooms here during the first week of March, 2009. We come over once a year to attend football (soccer) games and were looking for something in a good location that wasn't too expensive. The hotel is in an excellent location for sightseeing and getting around London. It's literally across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station; coming and going was a snap. The rooms (including the bathrooms) were large and comfortable. In fact, by London standards, they were huge. There wont be much of a view from any of them but you'll have plenty of room, unlike most London hotel rooms. The service was good-no complaints about housekeeping or anyone else. The breakfast is a pretty typical English spread and more than satisfying. There are plenty of places to eat and drink the in neighborhood and a convenience store, grocery store, bank with ATM, and a good pub (Stanhope Arms) just across the street. There's also a Starbucks, Burger King and Kentucky Fried Chicken but you didn't come to London to go to any of those, did you? You're also very close to several museums and walking distance (or a quick train ride away) from Harrod's. All in all, it's a great place to stay in London. You can get to the hotel from Heathrow on the Tube with no problem; from Gatwick, you'll take the overground and change at Victoria. We rode the Tube in but I took a cab for my departure flight, as it was very early in the morning (about a 25 minute ride at 5 am; allow 45 minutes later in the day). If you will be in town for more than a day or two and plan to ride the Tube, make it easy on yourself an buy an Oyster card when you first arrive. You'll be glad you did.	
Mar 15 2009 	Yeh enjoyed it - great location	I enjoyed my sty at this hotel despite its faults. The best things about this hotel is it's location. Its just 45 minutes from Heathrow to the Hotel (alighting at Gloucester Road on the Piccadily Line). This cost me just £4. A taxi apparently from the airport to the hotel is £45.Opposite the Hotel is the tube station, a Tesco Express, a fine English pub, an Internet cafe and a bank. Within a 5 minute walk is an eclectic selection of restaurants the like of which you can only really find in London. These include Italian, French, Morocan foods as well as a good number of Indians. Come out of the hotel passing the tube station on your left heading towards Hydepark and you;ll find one of the finest organic food cafs about anywhere. It's called Jacobs and wow every dish is delicious and not that pricey either. Near to the hotel (just a stones throw from it's front door in fact) is the Cafe Forum. Here you;ll get a traditional English breakfast for less than a fiver in addition to a whole load of more imaginative dishes.Within striking distance of this hotel you have the national history museum, the Royal Albert Hall and Hyde Park not to mention all the shops you could dream about in Kensington High Street.The Hotel itself is quite stylish but if it's a four star (and I was never sure) it's on the rough edge of the grade rather than tipping toward luxurious. The room I was in was small but clean and with good facilities including Internet and movies on demand. The breakfast was good and not too pricey at £8 a go. The staff were helpful and never overstretched. The clientele were nice too. Kinda of busy and successful people but not so much that they didnt ahve time for you and a quick chat.In sum, a good hotel in a great location.	
Mar 12 2009 	Superb location and efficient staff	Stayed here for one night in a single room which was booked through Superbreaks. Check-in is from 2pm, but due to my meeting i sent an email days in advance asking if the room may be ready sooner. I received a reply within 10 minutes to inform me that a request had been made but could not be guaranteed. This was worded very politely and I understood their reasoning. I arrived at the hotel at 11.30 am, no queue at desk and was informed that my room was indeed ready. The room was small, single bed and en suite which was more than adequate for my short stay. The only downside was the noise of the generators/extractor fans, but perhaps this was just the location of the room. Breakfast was included in the rate (a whopping £16.50 if paid separately!) and was buffet style and delicious. Check-out is 12 and I asked to leave my bags in storage which was no trouble. Was given a receipt for this which was efficient. I would definitely stay here again. the location is great. I came straight in from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line in 35 min and found the hotel right outside the tube station. Getting out to other places (Knightsbridge, Covent Garden, Green Park etc) on the tube is also easy and the hotel is within easy walking distance of Natural History, Science and V and A Museums.	
Mar 11 2009 	nice hotel central perfect for mini breaks	I had stayed with the millenium hotels before and I am always impressed with the rooms, the location and staffthe millenium baileys is located right outside Gloucester Road Station right in the heart of kensington beside Starbucks, nice shops and restaurants. very central it took us 15 minutes by tube to get to Oxford Circusthe room was spacious with nice bathroom, tv with pay to view movies, ipod music, iron, coffee, writing desk the hotel is quite old school glamour there is an ancient telephone in the front lobby and lovely breakfast room and bar we reallly liked the hotel, the location and we will be back !	
Mar 10 2009 	Recommended with a few caveats	I would stay at the Millennium Bailey's again, now that I know some of the quirks of the place. When we checked in, they had not received the hotels.com request of two twin beds, and conveniently had no standard twin rooms to spare. For an extra 15GBP/night, we could upgrade to a superior twin room, which would have cost only 10USD/night if we'd booked it ahead of time. We took a peek at the standard double they'd saved for us, and it was almost unacceptable for two people to cohabitate in for seven days. One or two, maybe. Upgrading to the superior was worth the money. The room and bathroom were huge; the plumbing wasn't perfect, but it was passable. The worst feature of the hotel can't be helped--it's old, and it squeaks and creaks terribly. Those words don't even describe how noisy it seemed when our upstairs neighbors were stomping around late at night. The walls were thin and all noises carried. The concierge service was uneven--sometimes we had a helpful staff member, but sometimes they didn't have an answer to questions like, &quot;what's the best pub around here?&quot; The location can't be beat--across the street from Gloucester Road station (which is on three main lines), and next to drug stores, groceries, Starbucks, and an Internet cafe. The shops at Kensington High Street are within walking distance. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, especially if I could find a similar low rate (around 110USD/night).	
Mar 9 2009 	Nice hotel great location	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Millenium Bailey's for 2 nights during a weekendbreak.The hotel main quality is its LOCATION litteraly opposite Gloucester Road tube station on the Picadilly line, which makes it close to most of the main attractions (covent garden 10min. away for example). On our weekend, circle and district and jubilee line were under work but it was still ok unless you travel with 12 pieces of luggage.The common parts of the hotel are really nice, old but stylish We did upgrade to a superior room for 15£ / night. Room size was fine, bed really comfortable, oldish but still good equipment in good working condition. Also the bathroom I found a bit small. Room view was on an inner court so no view except other room's curtains, windows was not really opening (about 20cm but must be the regulation of BS) but personnaly I really don't care what view you get from the hotel window when on a city break... do you ?Breakfast buffet is quite expensive at 16.50 but it's GREAT FOOD. Full english and continental breakfast, choice of croissant, pain au chocolat and other sweets, good choice if cereals and fruits and juices. Selection of &quot;a la carte&quot; dishes, might have to wait a bit longer if you order some. Staff is very efficient !Overall, nice and quiet accomodation, excellent breakfast and GREAT location !And yes we would definately go there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Instantly impressed CLEAN spacious and comfy	Literally a stones throw from Gloucester Road tube station, turn right when leaving the station and wham, your there. Very convenient!On entering was very impressed with the reception area, very clean and lovely staircase starts the experience of extremely well. The person who helped us check in at reception was very polite and professionaly, but human too, a genuine smile and helpful attitude. we actually checked in before the official check in time but this didnt seem to be a problem, for which we were grateful as we had both spent considerable time travelling on public transport.Taking the elevator to the first floor and moving along the corridor continued the clean and well looked after feel, and I was not disappointed when we got to the room! I had booked a superior double room, and there was more than enough space, it was warm too. Again, clean is the word on my lips, i was genuinely impressed. the bathroom was very roomy, with a good sized bath with shower. The view from the window wasnt anything to write home about, but who goes to london for the view?! As we were there essentially as a place to lay our heads at night, we noted but didnt use things like the large telvision, mini-bar and internet point. The restaurant seemed a little dear, as did the room service, but not being a frequent traveller, especially to london, I wouldnt know.As others have mentioned we found the hairdryer in the cupboard, but didnt need it anyway. the bathrobes (also, unsurprisingly, in the cupboard) were a pleasant surprise, didnt check for slippers though. The bed was unbelievably comfortable, and the urge to lay there and go to sleep straightaway was almost too much! The duvet was just the right weight, not too heavy, but not too light either. We didnt go for the breakfast in the morning, but were happy to hear that although not included in the price of the room it was half-price as we booked through laterooms.Postives: Very cleanSpaciousWarmComfortableGood atmosphereFriendly staffVery close to the tube, good links to most places (when the trains are running...)Negatives:  Had alot of trouble getting hot water for bath and shower. took a very long time to get hot. In the end I had a luke warm shower, which sufficed. I didnt take the trouble to mention it to the staff, so it may have been something we hadnt turned on etc. The room was almost too hot, but as above didnt actually make the effort to attempt to turn down the temperature. Could hear people walking outside our room, though not being a seasoned traveller I couldnt say if it was overly loud or standard.Overall, a very enoyable stay, and would definitely go back again, and certainly reccommend it to anyone. Though picking a weekend when the entire circle line is out is strongly reccommended, though getting there is no problem from Kings Cross/Victoria was no problem at all. dont have to change trains from either.	
Mar 3 2009 	Traditional quality hotel in excellent area of London	Booked this hotel through Laterooms. The reception staff were friendly and courteous and we were upgraded to a superior room on arrival. Room was of a reasonable size, L-shaped to accomodate the en-suite bathroom. The floorboards were very creaky and we wondered if anybody was in the room underneath! Enormous flat-screen TV dominated the whole room, and could not be turned to face the bed. Bed was comfy, the mattress a little too soft for my liking, but OK. Some fittings in the room were a bit shabby, bath panels, taps, etc. but everything worked fine. The shower however, only trickled out and this was very disappointing. The room was fairly quiet, being at the back of the hotel, as long as you kept the windows shut. There was the usual noise of other guests returning at all hours and the bedroom doors banging shut. Check-out was fairly swift, 10 a.m. on a Sunday morning, perhaps 10 minutes from arrival at the reception desk.The hotel is in an excellent and interesting area of London, close to the Museums, Albert Hall, Harrods etc. with many eating places, shops etc. on the doorstep.	
Mar 2 2009 	Wonderful accommodations. Will stay again!	My travel companion and I really liked this place! This hotel is located so great that one can hardly beat it for convenience and value. You will find yourself across from the Tube, a full service grocery, loads of nice eateries, the Post Office exchange (best exchange rate), pharmacy, and sidewalk cafes. I'm well traveled and this place rates high in my book. I was able to locate a special rate through expedia and londontown that made the rate much better than the property's web site. We did upgrade from the standard twin I had prepaid through expedia to a deluxe twin which costs 40 pounds more, but internet and the mini &quot;bar&quot; was included. Internet service at 20 pounds per day is too expensive, and I did let management know that this is probably the highest I've seen it in ANY of my worldwide travels. Highlights include multiple eateries on-site, a nice comfortable, relaxing lounge with a fireplace, and terrific showers. Our beds were comfy and the in-room safe was great. We were a short walk to Kensington Park and museums. Great food is across the street or down the block. (Pasha is high in my book and I'll return there on my next trip to London.)I recommend this hotel if you are searching for a nice clean place with ample space. Our room was big with a nice seating area and flat screen TV.  In reading reviews while trying to pick a London hotel, I noticed a reviewer mentioned that this hotel was too creaky. Hey, come on folks, this building has been around for a while. It's lovely staircase and dark woods have seen much comings and goings and add to the charm much like some of the historic U.S. hotels in the south or out west. If you don't like the character and a few creaks now and then, perhaps a chain hotel with its standard concrete footprint might be a better choice. The staff was extremely cordial and housekeeping did a fine job. There are some hotels in London that have US chain names, but that does not mean one can expect the same conditions found in the US. I'd go with this hotel before I would go with some of the more familiar US chains.	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent location and nice place	We stayed here for one night, booked at short notice via Lastminute, en route to Twickenham for the rugby. It was a really pleasant, quiet, Victorian hotel. The bar is nice and our room was very clean and perfectly acceptable. The bed, in particular, for a standard double room, was lovely with a really good quality mattress (I'm a bit anal about these things!) and we had a good night's sleep. It was spotlessly clean, and I always check. We had breakfast in the little coffee shop across the road and had excellent scrambled eggs. I really enjoyed this hotel and was sorry that I didn't have more time there.	
Feb 27 2009 	Central and Quirky !	This is a lovely Four Star Hotel located near to the tube station for those travelling and fairly central to the West End of London. The hotel is clean and bright and the staff professional and well groomedThe room was a bit poky but it was a last minute deal at very good value of around 50.00 compared to 120.00 a night that they normally charge or thereabouts. Full breakfast was included in the meal and the room itself whilst poky had good facilities though the beds were not good for your back. Facilities surrounding the hotel were marvellous and my friend and I had a lovely meal out at Gloucester Road before heading in to Notting Hill to see a film. Downside: I feel guilty if I don't go to the gym and my friend always has to be dragged along to join me when he comes along with me. On this occasion the gym was accessible in another building so you had to leave the main part of the hotel which is a grade 2 listed building to go to the more modern part next door which is where the gym was. Facilities were a bit small but I enjoyed my 45 minutes of excercise and they had good facilities including treadmill cross trainer and excercise bike amongst othersA good experience and I would go again if needing to visit. Near to the station and the station was convenient for access to Eurostar St Pancras	
Feb 25 2009 	Nice Hotel Just In The Area We Required	Our second choice of hotel as the sister hotel next door was fully booked.The hotel was nice but just a little over priced, even thou we were in the correct area of London.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent citytrip	Had an excellent citytrip! Beautifull hotel, excellent service, extensive breakfast,...	
Feb 25 2009	Nice Old Hotel in a Wonderful Location	Stayed at the Bailey's with my adult daughter for 4 nights on a father/daughter road trip to London. We booked two single rooms on Expedia, and arrived very early on a Friday morning. They immediately called housekeeping and got two rooms ready for us, and by 9 AM we were able to check in, take showers, and be off to explore the city. First rate. All of the staff we dealt with were helpful and friendly.This is an older Victorian-era hotel that has three elevators and squeaky floors. The entry is quite grand, and the bar next to the main entrance is cozy and comfortable after a long day trooping across London. The buffet breakfast is (in my opinion) terribly overpriced at 16.50 pounds per person - you can get a similar breakfast at the coffeeshop down the block for 4.95. The hotel offered breakfasts to us for half-price, so we ate there a couple of mornings -- you might also be able to negotiate an even better rate.Both of our single rooms were TINY -- really really small, but perfectly adequate for a place to crash and take a hot shower in the morning.The neighborhood is actually very nice: the Gloucester Road tube station is right across the road, as well as TWO grocery stores, a Starbucks, steak house, dim sum restaurant, a pub and many small shops all within one block of the hotel. There's another pub two blocks down that's a bit quieter, and overall the neighborhood seems safe and sane.I would indeed come back to stay - definitely worth a return visit.	
Feb 22 2009 	Certain to get my business again	Thanks to a fellow reviewer, I elected to change from my normal haunt (the Marriott Regent's Park) and try this hotel. I was traveling in a group of three and made the bookings for each person. I was interested in seeing the variation in the rooms so I booked one of us, our junior guy into the smallest room (one twin bed) and the middle seniority guy into a standard King. I also paid 7 pounds each to have breakfast included (do it! It is a very good breakfast... fresh and lots of choice, but you have to watch for that option on the hotel booking site). As for me, well, somebody had to try out the &quot;good&quot; room so I booked a Club King. Room prices were 67, 110 and 165 respectively plus the usual tax. The two higher priced rooms included internet.Well, that was the plan anyway. I was there for three nights and my guys were there for four (10% room discount on 3, 15% on 4 consecutive nights). &quot;Middle guy&quot; experienced trouble with HVAC and since it was the week of the big snow fall, and he's a wuss, he got them to give him a room with heat. But being fairly well booked, and probably sucking up to us as they new we were testing them out, they upgraded him to a club King like I had.&quot;New guy&quot; liked his room. He thought it was really good. Now, you have to realize, he thinks canned peas are really good. So I checked it out, and you know, it did seem good. Sure, the bed was a twin, but it was a long twin. The tv was a flat screen (as they all were) though significantly smaller than mine; probably a 28&quot; that was mounted high on the wall. The bathroom was only slightly smaller than the one in my room. It probably took up 40% of his total room space. It offers a tiny writing desk, probably enough for a laptop and a mouse. Be careful if you book the cheapest room at this hotel. If you are more than one person, or don't want a twin, you are stuck as this room type demands a non-refundable first night prepay. They must have a lot of shocked people showing up. But really, the room is fine. One other thing... this room is in the back part of the hotel accessed by a maze of hallways... ahhh, not really a maze but it was about 5 turns from the elevator. Middle guy's original room was a typical room in your typical hotel. Not huge, but certainly livable (given heat if you are a wuss). Washroom nearly the same size as new guy's room. Probably, this is the optimum value / convenience / comfort room. My room was larger with space to swing a cat. King bed, large closet, suitcase table, Desk with plenty of space, and I'd say about a 40&quot; flat screen tv. But ultimately, the extra walking space was lost on me. It was up on the third floor at the front corner of the building where I had a good view of the slush in the street. But despite having 2 outside walls, it was quiet.On going back with the crew I'd book standard rooms... except maybe for new guy...Two elements were a bit disturbing. In New guy's rabbit warren area, somebody set fire to something in their room one night. Given it was a real fire I was a little ticked not to have been woken up and at least brought down to the lobby. Neither I nor middle guy were evacuated. Staged alarms are fine in new buildings, but all the same, I would not have been angry about an evacuation.Second problem... The cable tv signal is finicky. The system will lock up and be uselessly frozen. I had this problem on night 2 and again on night 3. Night 3 I elected to have them fix the thing. 40 minutes after &quot;somebody will be up right away&quot; there was a knock at my door and there stood an unidentified person with street clothes and what looked like a rucksack. Eventually he managed to emit a thickly accented &quot;I am *****. You want TV fixed?&quot;. After 10 minutes he said that he had to go to the server. Fine. I should have asked him if he'd be back. Long boring story made short... he did come back... 60 minutes later at ~12:30 AM knocking on my door after I had given up, posted the do not disturb sign and went to sleep.Still. the hotel strives to provide good service. They listen to you, then act. It is in a very good area for getting elsewhere, eating, and buying stuff to take back to your room.There is no exercise facility in the hotel, but they provide you access to the facilities in the other millenium hotel next door.Ahh yes, directions and naming are interesting... The Millenium Bailey's Kensington is not really in what I would pick as prime Kensington. It is on Gloucester road. Whereas the newer hotel next door is the Millenium Gloucester road, but it is not on Gloucester road. I prefer the old creaky Bailey's to new blandness.	
Feb 16 2009 	Downright awful service	Basically manager on duty when I arrvied has no business dealing with people period. She insisted I made a type of reservation when I didn't and I had the paperwork to prove it. Then she twice tried to overcharge me very underhandedly before I had even checked in! All with a nasty attitude to boot. Had to wait for 30 minutes after calling corporate headquarters so they could remove the charges before I was allowed into my room. Not the way you want to start a vacation. After that everything else becomes irrelevant.	
Feb 16 2009	Great Hotel in very good location	Stayed at this hotel with friends for Valentines weekend 2009. Our room was a decent size and the bed was exceptionally comfortable which is something that always matters to us. We paid extra for cooked breakfast which was very good. Usually we find that buffet cooked breakfasts are normally luke warm and not good quality but we were pleased to find that the Millenium Bailey's breakfast was piping hot, fresh and not overcooked.The location was excellent; right across the road from Gloucester Rd Tube so just 5 minutes to Knightsbridge, within walking distance to Kensington High Street, and was surrounded by lots of good restaurants and bars. We were recommended by the Concierge to try the Thai Corner near South kensington tube station which was very nice.My only complaint about the hotel would be that they have placed the hairdryers in the wardrobe (very strange location!), and as they are attached to the wall, it makes it very difficult to dry your hair. Also the rooms are quite dark as their are no overhead lights, however, neither of these niggles impacted on our stay.	
Feb 9 2009	Lovely hotel	I booked this hotel as a top secret hotel on lastminute.com and was pleasently suprised. the hotel has a really great location - it is literally right next to Gloucester Rd tube station. Although we had the room at a bit of a bargain, we were given a free upgrade upon arrival whic was great. The room was lovely and big. Although more old fashioned than my personal taste it was decorated well. The bathroom needed a refurb really but was still fine. The beds were so comfy and the duvet one of the nicest I've had in a hotel before!I would definitely recommend and will stay here again in the future	
Feb 1 2009	Charming hotel	Had a great stay here. Hotel is an older property with lots of charm. It felt cozy and intimate; not overwhelming or like a cookie-cutter chain hotel. Booked thru hotel website and room rate was very reasonable. Property is directly across from the Gloucester Road tube station, and only 10-20 minutes by tube to the major tourist sites.The positives:-convenient to tube as well as a supermarket, convenience store, post office and several restaurants (tube station has direct service to Heathrow -- though you'll have to carry your suitcase down some stairs even after you take the elevator at Gloucester Road)-great rate-room was fairly large, clean and comfortable-large bathroom-our room had a U.S. electrical outlet by the deskA few negatives, though nothing was horrible:-sink has 2 faucets -- icy cold and hot! -shower pressure was weak! Had to use the handheld sprayer instead.-be warned - there was no alarm clock-even though the building has a lift/elevator, the hallway to our room had a short flight of steps to climb down-squeaky floors (part of the charm -- but noisy)Our room (and the hotel in general) was rather warm, but the top pane of our window opened -- we didn't leave it open long due to the street noise, however.Would recommend this hotel to others.	
Jan 28 2009 	Wonderful hotel great location nice host..	What a wonderful stay here. The location is perfect, walking distance to several museums and across the street from the tube station on the Picadilly Line (direct from LHR). Room was large and well appointed, flat screen TV, and a large bathroom and shower with tub. Told the front desk the room was a little warm and they immediately brought up a fan for the length of our stay. Restaurant prices seemed high, but several dining options withing walking distance. Across the street is a supermarket, Starbucks, Burger King, and a few pubs. Caffe Forum around the corner great spot for breakfast Book on their web site and the earlier you book, the lower the rate. Can't wait to return.	
Jan 28 2009 	Lovely hotel in fantastic location	We stayed at Bailey's for the weekend before Christmas 2008 and were very pleased with our choice - the hotel exceeded our expectations in every way. The entrance, lobby and downstairs bar are all more impressive in real life than they look on the website - a first surely! The place has real charm and character, and the lobby is really quite grand. The Christmas tree was wonderful, and the whole atmosphere of the hotel very 'Kensington'! Staff at reception were friendly, polite and helpful, and we were able to check in over an hour early having given them no warning.The room itself was more than acceptable. Big and bright, with a very comfortable, large bed, well stocked mini bar and big TV. The bathroom was not quite as modern as I have been used to in other 'city break' hotels I've used, but you do have to remember that this is an older building. The bathroom had plenty of room and was spotlessly clean, as was the rest of the room. We had a view over Gloucester Road, which we liked. There was a little street noise, but it was not excessive and was largely muffled when we closed over the thick curtains. We discovered our room did not have a hairdryer, a call to housekeeping and one was at the door within minutes.Our weekend break deal included a complimentary Champagne Cocktail from a wide range on the bar menu. These were absolutely delicious and the bar itself the kind of place where you could very happily while away a few hours in the afternoon or evening. Prices were extortionate, but nothing I didn't expect for a hotel in central London. Service was first class at all times, and for us it was a special weekend away, so we were not too concerned with the bar prices. Breakfast, served in Olive's Restaurant which ajoins the bar was very good. Great selection at the buffet, and as a vegetarian I was easily able to fill my plate with a selection of hot food, pastries and fruit!Location couldn't be better - very much the kind of London that us tourists imagine! Walking distance from Harrods, surrounded by quirky little delis and restaurants, a really great choice of places to eat, from KFC and Nandos through to more formal 'high end' dining rooms. Waitrose and Tesco are just across the road, which makes it easy to nip over for a bottle of fizz and some snacks if you are loathe to pay hotel bar prices! Directly opposite Gloucester Road Tube Station, which makes it quick and easy to get anywhere in London really - Victoria, Westminster, Oxford Circus can all be reached in ten minutes or less. We were there for Olympia Horse Show which was just two tube stops (though one change) away.We had a fabulous stay and will be back at Bailey's next December, I wouldn't even look anywhere else. Highly recommended.	
Jan 22 2009	A Fantastic Hotel!!!!	After staying in some truly awful European hotels, it was pure luxury to end our holiday in this hotel! Our room was huge, we had a queen sized bed, great tv, a big bathroom and everything was very clean!Down stairs there are a few bars, about 5 restaurants (The Bugis Street Brasserie was amazing!) and a terrific reception and concierge.This hotel is just opposite the Gloucester Road tube station and there is a big red bus bus stop right out the front (this is the London sight seeing bus!). It has 2 supermarkets, a chemist, a currency exchange and many cafes and shops in the street opposite.It is walking distance from Kensington Palace, the Victoria and Albert museum and Harrods. It is just so well located!The hotel is modern but still has some of the charm you'd expect from an English hotel. There is internet access (at a small cost) and the rooms have an iron and ironing board in them.Everyone at the hotel from the housekeepers to the reception staff were so friendly and willing to help in any way they could. We were so glad we found this excellent hotel as we thoroughly enjoyed our stay there.	
Jan 21 2009	A Happy return	My daughter and I returned again for what was another excellent stay in this friendly hotel. We were given a large room, excellent sized bathroom and once again such comfortable beds.The ambience is perfect, the staff work in harmony and everyone is concerned for your comfort and enjoyment.It is a joy to return to this beautifully preserved Victorian Hotel after a long day in London. I have stayed in many modern hotels but they just don't have that personal touch the Millenium Bailey provides.	
Jan 18 2009 	NOt the best Millennium	I took advantage of the promotion that the hotel is offering on it's web site, LEASURE FOR LONGER.You have to stay more than 3 nights to get the special. I booked my for 5 nights. The hotel is a old building well kept and clean but bad insulation you can hear other people talking, walking out side your room or have to listen to foot steps in the room above yours ( I requested a quite room) did not make a different.The front desk is not very reliable(bad), good advice check your bill every night in the tv in your room and before your check-out. I got 3 differents versions of what was includ in my reservation; and give your self extra time when you check-out they are unpredictable.The restaurant is ok but they only serve dinner, the bar opens all day; there is nothing special about the service or the staff been very profecional.The location is ok (Kensington) subway station across the street takes 30 minutes more/less to central London. In the area walking dist.(10/20 mint.) you have 2 museums, Harrows and many shops, restaurants etc etc.If others hotels in the area have the same promotions about 85 pounds tax incl. go for it. the Bailey's is not the best for the prices they charge. Next door there is an other Millennium hotel more modern, also the Hollidays Inn Forum is near by.	
Jan 17 2009 	Very Good Value	My family ( 2 adults and 2 teenagers) stayed at Bailey's in Gloucester Road between 18 and 21 Dec 2008. We were not disappointed.We choose this hotel based on price, acceptable proximity to central London and our desire for a character London hotel.After a long haul from Australia, we arrived at the hotel around 6.00am, and really appreciated their friendly and helpful Reception, who had our rooms immediately. Our rooms were fine - no views but also no road noise - but we did envy the kids' larger twin room. Both bathrooms were spacious.We only ate breakfast there, and the variety, quantity and quality was quite acceptable (and I have stayed at many 4 - 5 star hotels around the world).We also spent a relaxing hour in their bar/lounge one evening, which is just like that pictured in their website.Location was also quite acceptable, with Gloucester Road &quot;Underground&quot; station literally across the road - as well as a bus stop (where there is also a bus tour operator).Overall, very good value !DVD, Perth, Australia	
Jan 14 2009 	Definitely Recommend!	Stayed at the Bailey's Hotel for New Year celebrations 2009, and would most definitely recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to experience London. We got a good deal through Hotels.com = £100 a night, which over New Yr's in London you could definitely find a lot worse!You really feel like you're in a posh hotel when you make an entrance - by the way, for anyone who doesn't know London very well/at all - Bailey's Hotel is literally opposite Gloucester Rd tube st. - you can't miss it! So its most definitely an convenient hotel in one of the nicer/upper class parts of London. I would say travellers/tourists would feel safe walking around this and the surrounding areas at night. The room was just fine, modern decor, big enough for 2 people. Bathroom also clean. View from the window not great but not too fussed as who spends their time looking out of the window anyway? Although our room wasn't ready when we arrived, we were able to go across the road the Stamford Arms (?) for a quick pint. Staff on reception were friendly and efficient. We managed to get breakfast included in the price which was excellent - good choice of full English breakfast, cereals, fruit &amp; yoghurt, fresh juices, tea/coffee. Buffet as well so eat your fill! No problem leaving our luggage after check out to wander around London. If your a bit skint there's really convenient Tesco's express (for bagging snacks/drink to take up to your room to avoid mini-bar charges!), good old Burger King/KFC/Starbucks and an Italian restaurant. So yeh, our stay felt even better knowing we got a good deal! All in all, definite recommendation!	
Jan 8 2009 	Love the Bailey's!	My husband and I stayed at the Millennium Bailey's hotel over the Christmas holiday, and absolutely loved our stay. This was the second time we have been to this hotel, and didn't even look at other hotels when booking this trip because we were so happy with the hotel the first time we were there. The hotel itself is quite a bit older, but, personally, I think that brings a lot to it's charm.We booked through Expedia, and while they didn't have a free breakfast included, they did have the option of upgrading to a club room for an extra $30 a night, so we did that. I highly recommend the club room if you can spare the extra change - it is MUCH bigger than the standard double rooms, and has a nice sitting area with couch and chair. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but that really wasn't an issue at all. The beds were unbelievably comfortable, and it was tough to get out of them in the morning they were just so nice! Just as a warning though, in the club rooms they say it's a king bed, but it really is two mattresses pushed together to make a king, so there is a seam that can be felt. It wasn't really much of an issue for us, but I could see how some people wouldn't enjoy that.Like other posters have said, the location is fantastic. With the tube stop across the street serving three lines, you can pretty much access all of London without having to change lines too often. Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park are within walking distance (5-10 minutes), and there are a few museums down the street on Cromwell. There are many restaurants and shops/grocery stores around (there is a Tesco Express across the street, as well as a Waitrose in the shopping gallery next to the tube station), so you never really have to go far if you need to pick up some food, toiletries, etc. Personally I wouldn't recommend eating or drinking at Olive's Restaurant, since the prices are very expensive and there are so many other options in the neighborhood. The pub across the street is very good, and there is one down the street on Gloucester (I think it was called the Hereford Arms) which had a great atmosphere/great food, and we really enjoyed going there.The staff was very friendly and helpful whenever we needed to ask them anything. There is a business center in the sister hotel next door (Millennium Gloucester), but if you only need to check email, then I recommend just sitting in the lobby with your laptop or phone and jumping onto the wi-fi network there. It beats having to pay the room internet charge, or paying for time in the business center. There is also a fitness room in the Millennium Gloucester which Bailey's guests can use for free, but we never made it over there.All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Jan 1 2009 	a really nice stay!	The hotel has great location. It’s a minute away from the Gloucester road tube station - Circle and Piccadilly line- very convenient if you’re coming by Eurostar...You can find many shops, restaurants, and banks nearby- hsbc, tesco, boots, starbucks, prêt à manger, and even a post office….The hotel is nicely decorated, and has lifts; which is practical if you have lots of luggage like I did. The staff was helpful, especially with luggage storage.My room was comfortable, nicely decorated, and convenient. We had everything we needed- TV+ satellite channel, very clean bathroom, a safe, a hair dryer, an iron…The room in itself was well isolated, as we didn’t hear anything from neighbouring rooms.Yet, our room was facing the main street, so we could hear the noise from outside. However, it wasn’t a very busy street; so it didn’t bother us that much.I booked my room on hotels.com; it didn’t include breakfast. The hotel’s restaurant is quite expensive. So you’d better eat outside. For breakfast, there’s a cool pub across the street, which serves tasty full English breakfast for £4.99, from 10.00am. On the whole, I was really satisfied by this hotel, and I’ll come back for sure!	
Dec 31 2008 	Millennium Bailey's -- charming older hotel.	We got a very good price for this hotel through Travelocity, so didn't know what to expect. We had three rooms for 6 family travellers, and all the rooms were excellent. For a number of reasons, we would all highly recommend this hotel.1. Comfort: The beds were fantastic, the rooms clean, and the water hot!2. Location: Directly across from the Gloucester Tube entrance, near grocery stores and restaurants, and easy to walk to many tourist destinations. Having stayed farther outside London, it's clear that Kensington is an excellent place to stay for London tourism.3. Charm: Squeaky floors aside, the ambience of this hotel is straight from the Edwardian era! It was very, very charming, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.PS - The pub across the street was excellent.	
Dec 26 2008 	Fantastic Hotel great location	Very impressed with this London Hotel and would happily recommend to anyone. The staff were very welcoming and made a real effort to answer our questions about local attractions (they even managed to track down a small exhibition that we really wanted to see).The Hotel is perfectly situated for travelling around London, having the tube station so close is excellent. We especially loved the Christmas decorations in the lobby, these really made us feel like we were coming home to a welcoming and comfortable environment. Overall a great stay and I'd look for this hotel on any future visits to London.	
Dec 1 2008 	Location and lots of character.	Only stayed one night in this hotel but would definitely stay again. The hotel had lots of character especially in the main rooms and it had a welcoming feel about it.The staff were polite and effecient and on book in we were upgraded to a superior room. Our room was comfortable, spacious, had a large bathroom and was very clean. The windows had secondary glazing which helped with the noise from the road, which wasn't an issue for us, but I think it helped being on the top floor. The beds were amazingly comfortable. There was a wide selection of food available for breakfast &amp; although the room was full to capacity the staff were well organised and effeicent, everything ran smoothly. It was a nice touch to have a roaring log fire in the breakfast room especially on a cold, damp November morning. I chose the hotel for convenience, it is just over the road from Gloucester Road Tube Station. So was just a short ride to Marble Arch, Oxford Street or Bond Street. Kensington is even nearer and the museums and parks are also within easy reach. Don't forget to get your Oyster Card.	
Nov 26 2008 	Good value great location!	Since my usual S. Kensington hotel (Jury's) was closed for renovation, I decided to try the Millennium Bailey and was very pleased! They allowed me to check in early - before noon - and switched me to a nice-sized room with a HUGE bath when the wireless in my first room didn't work. Both room and bath were very clean and comfortable, as were all the public areas. The staff was friendly and helpful. My only gripe would be the high price of breakfast, but there are several moderately priced restaurants (including a Burger King) within a block or so. And the location is great - the Gloucester Road tube station is right across the street, and the hotel is within walking distance of museums, parks and Harrod's (providing you like to walk). I've since recommended this hotel to friends, and would gladly return!	
Nov 25 2008 	OK room great location; DON'T USE THE HOTEL PHONE	Booked a great rate on lastminute.com. Hotel was very well located and the rooms were larger than many London matchboxes. It's a bit worn at the edges but generally OK. Biggest thing that shocked me was the need to make three phone calls, none of which lasted more than 10 minutes. Two were to mobile numbers, the third to a low, flat-rate 0845 number.Each of the calls cost 41 pounds each, or more than 4 quid a minute. So the savings I made on lastminute.com were erased by 30 minutes worth of calls. Hotel totally unapologetic about the rip-off, which leaves a really bad taste in my mouth. Otherwise, I would recommend the place if you can get a great rate. I guess I learned my lesson -- DON'T forget to take the UK mobile with me when going to London!!!	
Nov 19 2008 	Makes You Feel Like You are in Another Country	If you are looking for a typical experience in an American hotel, you should not stay here. But if you want the atmosphere and style of historic England, this hotel is an excellent choice. The first thing you notice is the elegant lobby. The staff was curteous (they even held our bags for us after we'd checked out) and efficient.Yes, the rooms are small, but hotels in many parts of Europe have much smaller rooms than Americans are used to. I can't tell you what the television was like, because I was visiting England! Who has time to sit in the room and watch TV? The bed was on the firm side and my boyfriend could not sleep so we ordered a rollaway; heaven forbid if you need a rollaway bed--it was $60/night. The room was elegantly furnished, and the bathroom was wonderful and included a deep bathtub and a heated towel rack. The best thing about this hotel, however, was the location. It was across from the Stanhope Arms, a true English-style pub, which had fantastic fish and chips and burgers. Warning: the Guiness is served warm. The dining prices inside the hotel were ridiculous, but you could go across the street and enjoy fresh pastries at a patisserie, Starbucks (different offerings than the US ones), Burger King (if you're desperate for a greasy taste of home), or pick something up at the little market across the street (good if you have a headache, too; codeine is sold over the counter there!) There were also many fine restaurants down the street, including a steak house.Most wonderfully, was the ease of transportation. It is right across from Gloucester station, which gets you anywhere in England--including the airport. So you can save a lot of money on transportation. It is also across from a stop on the London Tour Bus. The price I got through Expedia was perfect, and I highly recommend this hotel. While it's not in central London, it is so easy to get there and convenient.	
Nov 10 2008 	Lovely Hotel! Location Location Location!	Flew to London from Halifax, Canada and stayed three nights at the Bailey's Hotel before moving onto Scotland. This hotel exceeded our expectations, and my expectations are VERY HIGH!. Like most flights from Canada, we arrived early in the morning and I wasn't expecting to be able to Check-in so early. the girl at the front desk advised me I'd have to wait until two or three in the afternoon. They kept all 5 of our suitcases and me and my spouse decided to go for a walk. First we were so hungry because for the past nine hours all we had was Airplane food so we stopped across the street to Tesco and picked up a sandwich. We were so happy there was a Tesco right across the street, that was very convenient. They sold everything from Milk to Razor blades, from Fresh Croissants to newspapers. We then walked up Cromwell Rd which turned into Brampton Rd which took us right to Harrods. It was easy to get there, and about a 20 minute walk. When we got back we checked into our Club queen room. Room was large, and very Victorian style. It had so much charm! Also, free Mini Bar, so that was amazing! I even had to double check with reception twice to ensure I heard correctly.The breakfast in the morning was nothing short of delightful! A very typical English style Breakfast. The service was prompt, and they all knew what they were doing. One guy hovered over the buffet table like it was his baby, ensure it was always fresh, and was cleaning up after people dropped stuff on the buffet table, it was very well looked after.Check out was a breeze, and they thanked me for my stay.I almost failed to mention this hotel is across the street from the Gloucester Tube station which made it easy to get around London. Only a few stops from Parliament Stations and every where you needed to go. The area was safe and I had no problem walking around at night.My stay in London would not of been so enjoyable if it wasn't for this hotel. The comfortable Bed, large room, amazing staff and it's fabulous location all made my trip perfect!	
Nov 4 2008 	GOOD ALL ROUND	Was really pleased with everything about this hotel. Location was good, breakfast was great, room was a little small but had everything I needed. Both of my bathroom lightbulbs blew on my first night and when I informed reception, the maintenance man was up to put new bulbs in within 10 minutes - I thought this was really efficient. One (very small) gripe was the net curtains in my room - these were absolutely FILTHY and looked like they had never been washed EVER.	
Oct 29 2008 	Best Hotel on Our Trip	Simply a great hotel! Room was outstanding, large, beautiful bath and quiet. Hotel has a great restaurant and is also close to other good places to dine. Located next to a Tube Station and only a few blocks from Harrods. Staff was excellent, they were very accommodating. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 27 2008 	An okay hotel - glad I didn't pay the full price though!	I booked this hotel through the 'Top Secret Hotels' function on lastminute.com so I had no idea what I was going to get until the booking was confirmed. I was pleasantly surprised at first. The hotel is in a good location (right opposite Gloucester Road underground station) and the hotel front and lobby have a great deal of character. The staff were helpful (although I came across them only to check in and out , which were swiftly done, as I didn't require anything else). My room was a good size and generally clean and comfortable. The only thing that could have been better was the fact that there seemed to be some kind of generator outside the building that made a noise all night. Even with the A/C in my own room turned off I was kept awake by this for most of the night. I didn't fancy changing rooms at midnight and had to rush off in the morning otherwise I would have complained - but I didn't at the time and probably should have done. I spent the next day falling asleep in the very meeting I had travelled to London to attend. I'd probably stay here agin for convenience but would be sure to ask for a room that is away from the generator / A/C unit and is not overlooked so much. I know I paid a discounted rate but I've had a better nights sleep at the Ibis.	
Oct 24 2008	Room not as good as last year.	This was our second visit to the hotel - we stayed last year round about the same time. The room we had this time was very small. In fact we rang reception to ask if they had put us in the wrong room as the bed looked as if it was made up for one person as the pillows were in the centre of the bed, and only one glass next to a bottle of wine on the table. We were told that it was a double room and that there were more pillows in the wardrobe and another glass in the cupboard! Mmmm.Another niggle was that the cupboard door at the bottom of the bed would not open properly because it was too close to the bed.The drawer of the bedside table was broken and dropped out if we weren't careful when opening it.Having said that, we cannot fault it regarding cleanliness. Although our room looked tired and a bit worse for wear, it was clean. The staff remain friendly and helpful.The location is a big plus, which suits us.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great Location	I booked this hotel last minute for a weekend trip to London. I booked a single room which was clean and quiet. The website had a weekend special that included breakfast and &quot;champagne cocktails&quot;. There seemed to be some confusion on the drink part... I remembered it being one drink per day, but the reception staff insisted it was one drink-period. Other than that, I have no complaints. The breakfast was very good. It was not crowded at all on Saturday, but on Sunday it was. They had ran out of a lot of food, but replenished it within 5 minutes. The hotel is really cute and has a grand staircase (there are elevators too) It was very convenient arriving from Heathrow...The hotel is right outside Gloucester Rd tube station. I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 4 2008 	4-Star Hotel	I stayed at this hotel last year and it was similar, but not the same.Pros- The management was nice, most of the time.Big, lovely room! Big flat-screen TV. Big bathroom. Queen-size bed and great sheets and comforter! Everything was spotless. It had a safe.Cons- My room was away from the lift. I had to go through three sets of doors on the way to my room. This is a problems with two suitcases and only one arm.The bath tub, while lovely, had problems. I have a disability. I have only one hand and a bad leg. Last year in the same hotel, the bath tub had a longer base to it. So, I could slide up to the base and get out of the tub. This one didn't have that same base. I swear, it took me ten minutes after drying off sitting in the tub and drying the tub off to wedge myself out of there.I called my parents and talked to them for nine minutes. The hotel charged me 45 pounds! I was incensed! To be fair, I could have called downstairs and asked before I did this, but the last hotel told me on the telephone how much it would charge, so I didn't think anything of it. So, I asked to speak with someone and the desk lady called her superior and she gave my 20 percent off. So, it was ONLY 36 pounds. (Last time I do that!)The view outside the room was a &quot;courtyard,&quot; or a view of the inner workings of the hotel. That wasn't very nice. So, I didn't look out. (Last year it was the front of the hotel.)The floor was warped. It had low spots and high spots, mostly right by the bathroom. Most people wouldn't notice it, but I did.All in all, it was a good experience. London is a great city. And I will come back and probably to this hotel.	
Oct 2 2008 	Tired hotel	Disappointment after having previously stayed at sister hotel (Millennium Gloucester) next door previously. This hotel is showing its age. Room was very small and badly designed. Dingy lighting. Breakfast was good but unbelievably expensive. Gloucester Road is a handy location with plenty of eating places but there are better hotels for the price in the area.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Location	We had a pleasant stay at this hotel. The room was fairly small, we couldn't cully open the cupboard at the end of the bed as there wasn't room. It was clean though and had everything you would want if you weren't planning on spending all your time in the hotel room. The staff were pleasant and the reception and bar rooms were well presented.It was located right opposite the tube station, so we found it really easy to get around London. We were there as tourists to see the usual london sites and this hotel was perfect for what we wanted. I wouldn't recommend it however to someone who was looking for a relaxing break in a luxury hotel. This hotel is a pleasant place to sleep, not to spend the day.	
Sep 28 2008 	Central London Hotel	Found the location excellent as right opposite the Gloucester Road tube station. Very clean and comfortable, we were upgraded on check-in to a larger room. On booking we had requested a quiet room with air con that worked and this request was met. Our only small complaint was that the large flat screen TV kept freezing the picture, on all of the channels, but it was so late at night that we didn't like to bother anyone.No breakfast was included in the price, but there are plenty of cafes and bars in the immediate vicinity,a Tesco Metro opposite and a Waitrose in the nearby small shopping mall.Ideal for a short stay in London, would return again	
Sep 23 2008 	A pleasnt venue for short break in London	We booked this hotel at very short notice and were offered a very competitve rate for a short break in the capital. On arrival staff at reception were very helpful and polite and quickly dealt with our reservation etc before directing us to our second floor double room.The en suite room was clean, quite well appointed and overlooked the nearby Gloucester Road underground station - that said the windows were double-glazed and we were not disturbed by any noises from the roadway.Although we had not booked either dinner or breakfast we found the bar surprisingly vibrant and the restaurant ('Olives') seemed quite full with patrons apparently enjoying their food. Food served in the bar area looked appealingly. Bar staff were helpful and friendly.Overall, given the deal available, this was excellent value for money in a good standard of hotel.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great beautique type hotel	We orginally booked a standard room but decided on the plane trip over to upgrade to a superior room. We arrived about 10:00, told the desk we wanted to upgrade, but a room wasn't ready so we went out for the day. When we returned around 3:00 they said there were no more superior rooms left so they upgraded us to a club room - the most deluxe - with no additional charge. The room was huge and beautiful with a flat screen tv and lots of sitting room. Everything was immaculate as well. The bathroom was not overly large but very sufficient for our needs. A full breakfast was included in the rate and had a nice choice of food. The concierge was excellent in helping us locate places to visit and to understand how the bus and tube systems worked. The hotel is located in a quieter part of London, but directly across the street from the tube station which was important to us. Within a few blocks were all kinds of restaurants, markets, internet cafes and small shops that made it easy to eat after returning from a long day sightseeing. On the negative side, London seems not to believe in water mixing valves so the hot and cold water have separate faucets which was a little annoying. Also, the power (top) shower was short on hot water on the weekend, but strangely the lower hand held shower had plenty. This is a very comfortable hotel that I would not hesitate to stay in again. We never saw the standard or superior rooms, but if you can manage to secure a club room, you won't be disappointed!	
Sep 2 2008 	Just Right	The great rate including breakfast and dinner was a godsend for a first time London traveler. I walked my feet off in this beautiful city and then returned in the evening to Rahman and the resto staff who were welcoming, pleasant and friendly. The food was very good at both dinner and breakfast. My room was more than adequate - clean, pretty, very quiet, good AC. Perhaps not a five star room but absolutely perfect for me, and the price was terrific. All the amenities one would expect and none of the expensive fluff no one really needs. US exchange rate is a real damper on travel and I felt like I got a great deal at Bailey's. Yes, the floors squeak, yes it's older. So what!!! Charm, lovely staff, the BEST location I can think of. Surrounding neighborhood is beautiful and upscale, safe and close to lots of things. Gloucester Road tube station serves three of the main lines. Get an Oyster card and GO! I liked this hotel very much and I will absolutely return there when travel takes me to London again. I was a woman traveling alone and I want to thank all staff for making me feel very much at home.Guest have use of the Business Centre at the newer Millennium Gloucester right next door. Very handy for printing boarding passes, etc.	
Aug 31 2008	Good for central London	We stayed here twice during August at the start and end of trip to the UK. First time for two nights second time for four nights. First time round we were lucky enough to get upgraded and had a decidedly large room. Second time this was not the case but still a decent size.Rooms are well equipped with plasma TV etc. Internet is rather expensize though.Inward facing rooms, which we had both times, don't have much view and can be a bit dark, but on the upside are nice and quiet. Generally the hotel seems to be well upkept.Unlike many hotels in this price bracket in London, Baileys would appear to have standard operating procedures to which its staff actually adhere to. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful and service was prompt. The location is execellent right opposite Gloucester Rd tube station, and there are plenty of shops and eating places in walking distance of the hotel.Overall a good place to stay by London standards.	
Aug 21 2008 	Far from a luxury hotel	The reason for my wife and me to choose this Hotel, was that we had obtained a special package rate including breakfast and a two course evening meal.At first we got a good impression of the Hotel. Nice and helpful staff at the Front Desk and a nice reception. But we soon observed that the hotel is worn. Among other thinks, you can see this in the Hotel Bar and the corridors. Our room no. 120, which we were told was a Superior room, had an old fashion bathroom. And some details were not nice, and we wonder how the standard rooms look like.The wooden floors in our room and obviously in other rooms as well, was not 100% flat. The wood makes noises when walked on, which you also hear from the room above and the corridor. The AC in our room was very poor, it was not adjustable, and the temperature was hot. However we were satisfied with the bed, and the room also had a large flat TV screen. We found the two course evening meal to be tasteful, but unfortunately the service in the Restaurant was very poor and slow. The breakfast was only average, and it was difficult to find a free table around 09.30.The Hotel has a good location directly across the street from Gloucester Rd tube station, and therefore it is easy to see all the major tourist sites. Even if we in the future once again should receive a favourable offer for a package rate including breakfast and an evening meal from the Millennium Bailey’s Hotel, we would not go back to this Hotel. We are travelling to London again in November this year, and we have now booked a room with our regular Hotel. The rate is the same as the package rate we were offered from the Millennium Bailey’s Hotel, but it is not including an evening meal. But we prefer to stay in a nice and renovated hotel, with a modern and delicate bathroom.	
Aug 20 2008 	FAB stay at this hotel	After using a travelzoo promotional code we got two rooms with a 2 course dinner and full english breakfast. When we arrived the check in was very quick and easy. We were upgraded to the club suite in both rooms which was a real suprise. The decor of the lobby and the bar is stunning and has been kept really well and in keep with the age of the property. Our rooms were massive compared to the usual size of rooms in london. We could easily fit 4 people on the bed it was that big! The bathroom was nice with a bath and a shower. There was everything you needed in the rooms with internet facilities, large flat screen TV Etc.The meal was really nice, we went quite late around 9.30 when it wasn't busy. There was a chefs choice of about 3 options to each course. The meal was presented really well and tasted great, lovely service also.Breakfast was the best part of the stay there was a choice of continental or full english and you could have as much as you wanted. Overall the girls and I really enjoyed our weekend in london and the hotel topped it off.	
Aug 17 2008 	mixed feelings	At first I had a good impression of the hotel. Nice and helpful staff, nice and impressive reception. The first impression of the room was good as well. But then I looked into the details and they were less good. The hotel tries to mix modern and older, but with only partial success. The rooms have a large flat TV screen. But the renovation from what has been an old house looks a bit like having been done in a hurry and the cheap way: carpet was put on the wooden floor but is sometimes larger than the room and bends slightly around the walls. Also the floor in the rooms is not always 100% flat and the wood makes noises when walked on (kreek kreek) which you hear from the room above, the corridor or the neighboring rooms. The walls are not really sound proof either.The hotel runs out of hot water in the morning when lots of guests want to shower at the same time (I hate having to wash my teeth with ice-cold water coming from the hot tap).The breakfast is not what it promises. Small buffet, limited choice of bread, if any. Almost no cheese (1 choice). A 2 star I was in recently had more choice. On my first morning they ran out of roles at 9.00. After 15 minutes they refilled with about a dozen small croissants (which were gone within 20 seconds as everybody was waiting for more) I then left and when I passed by the room 20 minutes after there was still nothing. For the second morning I selected room service, hoping for something better. Wrong bet. They even forgot the butter and the marmelade.Finally the bathroom: very small. Take the width of the bath and add the same to it and you have the bathroom. With questionable cleanliness, especially the outside body of the toilet.	
Aug 12 2008 	Fairly good hotel !	We got a very good deal at this hotel that included breakfast and 2 course evening meal. When we arrived the check-in was efficient and quick and our room was ready a little earlier than expected. The rooms were v. clean and quite spacious for a London hotel. We found the beds to be comfy and the air con unit was a blessing, as you could adjust to suit your own needs. The breakfast was good and there appeared to be plenty of staff serving tea/coffee. Now the evening meal- the standard of food was average, however the staff were v. good and attentive (perhaps because they wanted a tip) . My main issue was with the Chefs special menu that was included in our 3 night stay. The starters were exactly the same throughout our stay except for one night when one of them changed. The vegetarian and fish main courses did not change at all and the meat option was the same for 2 nights. A little variation wouldn't have gone a miss! The desserts didn't change at all either! With only 3 options to choose from, this was v. limited and we ended up eating out on our final night. Being vegetarian I couldn't face the same meal for a third night! Regarding the service charge; we just told the staff we had tipped the waiters individually and the service charge was removed from our bill. It is discretionary, although they should allow you to decide if you have had good service or not. Overall great location, average food, good service, comfortable rooms.	
Aug 6 2008 	Very Average But Worth the Stay	As often seems to be the case, both the good and bad reviews make valid points. That is also the case with the Millennium Bailey’s in London. The hotel gets a solid three, out of five, even though there is a strong case to be made for both a higher and lower rating. We stayed there during the last week of July and the first week of August. Short VersionThe hotel it very old, yet the staff works hard to keep up with the demand of this aging structure. The rooms are large by London standards, but lack some of the more modern conveniences of a newer building. The employees are clearly overworked and understaffed, yet not up to par with most hotels, relative to experience and knowledge of the industry. On the other hand, they work very hard and make every effort to provide good service. Unfortunately, their hands are tied for a variety of reasons. What the hotel lacks in features and amenities, it makes up for in a hard working staff. The food is expensive and average. Breakfast was $34 per person and a simple tea will run you $10 (with tip). Given the other choices in London, I would go somewhere else next time, however, I do not regret staying at the Bailey’s and would recommend it, provided the traveler understands the pluses and minuses. Long VersionRoomsWe started in the penthouse and moved to a club room (reason later). The rooms are very large by London standards and they are nicely furnished with solid wood furniture and big screen TVs. Some furniture is very old and worn, while others are very comfortable and in good shape. The beds are terrible. Kings are two singles pushed together and the mattresses are VERY OLD and soft. Each half of the king bed had an indentation, where you would roll back to. Forget about snuggling your wife in these beds. If you need a comfortable bed, go elsewhere, these beds are bad. The fold out sofa was broken in one room and they offered a free roll away. Our friends had the same experience and were made the same offer (standard rollaway cost is $60 per night…ouch). AC / HeatThe penthouse had two AC units, one of which was broken and the bathrooms have no AC. This is rarely an issue in London, but the temp was in the low 80s when we were there (very hot by London standards), so we moved to a Club room two floors below. Even in the Club room the temperature was still hot. I doubt this is an issue most of the time. HousekeepingThe floors were never vacuumed and they do not change the sheets unless you ask. Our king did not even come with a cover sheet. We had to ask special for one. If you leave a note, they will follow instructions for extra towels, sheets, etc. For some reason they took our shower curtain during our stay and did not replace it with a liner, thus making a mess of the floor. They took the sheets from the sofa bed one night and did not leave any replacements. After an hour of calling housekeeping (at 10:30 pm) we went to the front desk and were told they were gone for the night. We had to find a linen closet in a hallway, take out sheets, and make the bed ourselves. It seemed they were understaffed and may not have had time to do the rooms properly. This is a management problem, and the staff merely bears the burden. As a whole, the hotel was vey clean and the bathrroms were spotless. I was impressed with the bathroom service (sans the shower curtain). ConciergeSome were OK, most were not very helpful, and all were extremely nice. They told us the wrong open time for the Tower of London and threw our entire day off the first Monday in town. They could not give good restaurant recommendations and were very slow in trying to figure out an answer. Andy was much more helpful than the rest, but we only saw him twice. Like housekeeping, they were short staffed. Often the concierge was busy serving as bellman and checking luggage. Front DeskThey were the most skilled of the staff and knew what they were doing. Anytime we had a problem (and we had many) they were quick to resolve the issue. It took a little negotiating, but they made accommodations for our various problems, however, I would rather not have the problems to begin with. I would say the front desk staff is as good as any I have had in any of the finer hotels. Great job!RestaurantWe did not get room service. Besides being outrageously expensive the food was average in the bar and restaurant. The service, on the other hand, was excellent. The staff worked very hard to provide a good experience. The restaurant manager should be commended for the excellent staff training, but should fire the cook. For the quality of food, the prices were high, even by London standards.OtherThe elevators were occasionally broken, but they have three, so it was usually ok. The location is great, right across from Gloucester and a few blocks from Kensington South. About 4 blocks north is a great Moroccan restaurant (I think Pasha’s). I heard elsewhere it was one of the best in London. It was the best I have ever had! Too bad the concierge didn’t tell us about it. There is a good Chinese restaurant attached to the Millennium, down the block, but the service was slow. Across the street is a little mall and some fast food places, if you want a reasonable priced breakfast. Also, next to the Moroccan place was a nice Italian restaurant and a good Indian one across the street (Memories of India). The hotel decor was nice and created a comfortable experience.SummaryThey get a B+ for effort, but a C- for quality of the facility. This hotel is definitely an average hotel with decent service and one that is worth giving a try. While I would not go back, that is only because I usually stay at 4 and 5 star hotels, and prefer a lot more pampering when I am on vacation. As long as you know what to expect going in, I would recommend this hotel. For the price you pay, it is definitely acceptable. Since our first night did not go so well (the room was ready 3 hours late and we asked for 2 hours early, the AC didn’t work, the toilet didn’t flush and the penthouse shower is not made for someone over 5’10&quot;) we would have had a better experience. It got better, but still not great. I really liked the staff, but felt bad for the heavy work load they must endure. A solid 3 stars for the Bailey's, and I sincerely thank the staff for their hospitality. They are good people!	
Aug 4 2008 	mixed feelings	Got a great deal for two couples celebrating a 50th birthday via travelzoo- including breakfast and two course evening meal.On the plus side : My friends got an upgraded room and the restaurant arranged a birthday cake. The restaurant supervisor and the night manager were very heplful and courteous and the food was very good. The location is excellant, oppposite the tube and with shops/pubs and museums close by.Now the down side: Our standard room was very warn when we entered so we turned the air conditioning on before going to the restaurant.- plus it was an allocated smoking room when we had requested non smoking. I mentioned this to the manager and he said we didnt have to pay fora bottle of wine with our meal. We returned to our room at 11.30 p.m. and the temperature was about 30.0 c. The maintenance man arrived and informed us the air conditioning was broken therefore the duty manager supplied us with 2 electric fans. At 5.30 am I had to have a cold shower and go outside for a walk as it was so hot. The hotel bill was not reduced and they charged us service charges for the wine and meal in the restaurant although the meal was included in the rate and one bottle of wine complementary. Despite the above, I would consider using the hotel again - my friends had no complaints- just check your room/bill thoroughly before accepting either.	
Jul 29 2008 	Good value hotel for London	Got a good deal on this hotel with a Eurostar package. The hotel is fairly basic but fairly good standard for this price in London - rooms are a reasonable size, not huge but again, what you expect in London. Staff at the front desk were not particularly helpful, floors are creaky but otherwise no major complaints. Bathroom was nice, bed comfortable. No view from my room - I looked at a brick wall and there was some kind of generator making a humming noise just below. Great location next to the tube station which was very convenient (although due to the large number of hotels around the vicinity buying tube tickets on Sat morning was a nightmare!). Overall this was a fairly good hotel for the price and I would stay again.	
Jul 28 2008 	Lovely 4 star hotel	Booked this hotel cheap over the internet for a weekend stay in london.I was very suprised lovely hotel, has character with its age and well kept.The rooms were quite a good size for london hotels. Spacious, clean, nicely decorated though a little worn. Bathroom was clean and modern, however we had a leak from the towel rail but a handy man came to fix it within half an hour.tea and coffee facilities in room, tv with a few sattelite channels, mini bar, desk &amp; chair, trouser press and a hair dryer.Breakfast was lovely plenty to choose from, full english, cereal, fresh fruit, tea and coffee and lots of different juices.Service was good everyone very helpful and polite.The only problem about this hotel was the price of the drinks in the bar, they were very expensive but i suppose this is what you get in the centre of London.Overall i would reccommend this hotel it was well worth the money and lived up to its 4 star status.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great location but very poor room cleaning/service	Hotel is brilliantly located directly across the street from Gloucester Rd tube station which serves Picaddilly &amp; Circle lines so very easy to see all the major tourist sites. Good breakfast , didn't use the restaurants or bar so can't comment on these. When booking , I asked for a high floor and far away from the lifts , this is exactly what we got so very happy. Room was big enough , minibar , tea/coffee making facilities. Now , the grumbles! I had accumulated quite a lot of loose change so instead of carrying it around placed it in one of the glasses in the room. Within 2 hours of coming back to the room the maid has &quot;assumed&quot; this was her tip and taken the lot! Fair enough when you've checked out of your room but not on the first morning of being in the hotel! As well as the cleaning staff being very presumptious , they didn't empty our bin at all for the whole duration of the 3 night stay. We had 6carrier bags of rubbish lying in the room! not very 4 star...or even 3 star! Our toilet roll wasn't refilled and we had to resort to buying our own milk as the milk with the tea/coffee facilities wasn't ever re-stocked. Also , the wooden bath panel was falling off , handles fell of the chest of drawers and the carpet in the 5th floor lobby has definitely seen better days.I wouldn't stay here again...yes , the location is good but there are numerous other hotels on the same street that I would check out first. Pity the shoddy cleaning staff let this place down.	
Jul 22 2008 	what a hotel!	Just come back from my 3rd stay at this hotel and it's just great. staff and service excellent. location is so good. just a shortest walk round the corner and up the round from the natural history museum, v and a, harrods and harvey nics. the local facilities are more than enough with a great pub, boots (for the toothbrush etc you forgot to pack) and tesco open 24 hours. can recommend the organic pizza place - very nice after a few drinks at the pub. tube across the road - just fab. would definitely go back and recommend.	
Jul 15 2008 	Absolutely Perfect!!	Our family absolutely LOVED the Bailey!!! The rooms were clean, spacious, nicely decorated and very comfortable. And talk about Location, Location, Location. The Bailey is close to everything!!! The underground, fast food restaurants, a local pub, 24 hour convenient store, money exchange, grocery story, pharmacy, internet cafe and charming bookstores. Also, the Bailey's restaurant was scumptious. Their English breakfast included fresh, hot English favorites such as eggs, ham, potatoes and sausages. They also had fresh fruit, fruit juices, cereals, and pastries. And the hot tea was &quot;to die for&quot;. Finally, the entire Bailey staff was outstanding!! They were friendly, helpful and knowledgable. Our London vacation would not have been as memorable without the Bailey.	
Jul 13 2008 	We love this hotel we will come back!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for two nights and we love it!!!Wonderful hotel, wonderful location, we love the bar that the hotel has, the tube is across the street, the room was a good size for London standards, I think is the best hotel that we have stayed in London, we did not think that the size of the hotel was small like many hotels in London.I use the gym that is actually next door the hotel and it was very nice, it was free!We travel to England once or two times per year and we love to stay a few days in London, for our next trip we will stay here!!!:-)	
Jul 3 2008	Special Surprise for Our Anniversary	After booking with Expedia, we wrote the property to inform them it would be our 25th wedding anniversary during our stay. We were assigned a very spacious room with a king bed. In addition, they brought us a wonderful, delicious cake upon checking in. We were very pleased with all facets of our visit, and we recommend the hotel highly.TIP: Don't miss the wider selection of neighborhood restaurants by walking east to the South Kensington Station.	
Jul 3 2008 	Comfortable Clean and Convienient Hotel!	Got a good deal on this hotel as it featured on Lastminute.com as a 'secret' hotel but its quite easy to figure out!£122 got my wife and I a room for one night with breakfast and a 2 course evening meal.The hotel is originally 100 years old and though the carpets on the stairs are a little threadbare it has a very comfortable and relaxed feel to it. The hotel has been sympathetically updated but keeps its original charm. The room (233) was a little small but still very acceptable, everything was very clean, the mini bar well stocked and decent plasma screen TV. The bathroom was OK and everything worked to our satisfaction.The staff were pleasant and efficient.The restaurant for the evening meal was modern but still in keeping with the style of the updated hotel, the food was excellent and service matched. The breakfast was buffet style and reasonably well run with a choice of hot and cold foods.Do be aware that the restaurant will include a service charge, so check your bill when you come to check out, you don't have to pay this, just tell the receptionist you tipped the restaurant staff direct and want the charge taken off.The hotels location is right opposite Gloucester Road tube station, just turn RIGHT when you come out of the station and Baileys is across the road.	
Jun 23 2008 	Fantastic Location ... Pity the Customer Service Response	Stayed 2 nights at the Millennium Bailey 28 - 30 May. Location is unbeatable. Great also to have a TESCO Express rigth across teh road, KFC, Starbucks and a Waitrose supermarket. Plus the tube station at the doorstep, literally! Plenty of eating options as well, and the area's not dead by 8 o'clock unlike some other places. Room was small, but clean and comfortable. Nothing to complain about if you've been to London because the price you pay is nothing short of miraculous in that city.Just one little sticking point. At check-in, gave my frequent flyer number. Was told .. no ... should give it at check out. Beats me why? At check out, no reminder. When I cam back, wrote an email requesting that the miles be credited. Wasn't even obliged with the courtesy of a simple acknowledgment, much less any response. It's been nearly a month!Would love to recommend the hotel. In fact a friend was in town same time. I only had good things to say about the hotel ... well that ws before the hiccup I talked about.	
Jun 18 2008 	great location	I was a bit concerned if the hotel would be as nice as it looked as we got it for a really cheap price (well for london). The location was excellent, just make sure you turn right out of the tube station and not left as we did. The hotel was lovely inside, the room was nice. The only complaint i would have of the room is that it hadn't been restocked from the last people, there was only one robe, no breakfast ordering information. Also there was a lack of instructions on how to operate the t.v and it wasn't straight forward. The other advise would be not to bother with the breakfast, there are plenty of eateries near by, ours came in the room rate but it wasn't very good. The coffee is like nuclear fuel, the hot breakfast wasn't hot, the fresh orange was undrinkable. however the fresh fruit salad was the nicest i had ever had. I would have filled the questionaire in to give feed back directly to the hotel but this was also missing from our room and we were not asked on leaving if everything had been ok. in summary I would stay there again because it was in a nice area and easy to get arround from.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great location pleasantly surprised	Stayed here with friends for one night on Sat 31 May and was slightly apprehensive after reading some of the previous reviews. The location is ideal for any stay in London as it is so convenient. The rooms I saw were average size and contained everything you would need and tv, etc were modern and in good order. Some of the previous criticisms were a bit unfair, it is an older building therefore you are not going to have power showers and all modern fittings but the room and furnishings were very clean and the shower was fine, no problems with pressure or temperature. We had booked early and paid less than £100 for their weekend rate which included breakfast therefore given the overall standard of the room and the location were very pleased with the hotel. Might be put off staying again if the price was more than £150 per night as there may be better offers but do not be put off by the reviews if you are looking for an standard hotel in a great location in London as there is nothing wrong with this hotel by London standards.	
May 29 2008 	Great Location 	We stayed at Bailey's Hotel for 2 nights, the hotel is in an ideal location, literally across the road from the tube station and there are great local amenities. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, they even upgraded my sons single room to a double. The bedroom was clean and tidy, we had a problem with the TV but that was repaired whilst we had our evening meal. The bathroom was huge but it could do with updating. We enjoyed our stay, and we would definetly stay there again.	
May 22 2008 	Expensive Broom Closet	I was completely unimpressed with this hotel. The website shows a spacious hotel with superb facilities, however my experience was quite different. The hotel is ideally located, but the rooms are terribly small. It was slightly larger than a broom closet, with none of the pomp it promised. The shower was small and on one day I was without hot water for several hours. The cost of internet was astonishing, a whoping 12 pounds for 24 hours. Upon check out, I waited in line for 45 mins as they fixed their technical glich, resulting in me missing my flight....	
May 15 2008 	A bit disappointing	First impressions were good as the hotel was located right outside Gloucester Road tube station which was ideal as I was quite tired after my long journey. The door was opened for me as I walked in and the reception looked lovely. However, I found it hard to understand the man on reception and found myself asking 'sorry?' on several occasions which was embarrassing. I told him quite clearly that I wanted to purchase wifi in my room as I was there on business, and he told me it had to be done though the TV in my room (the wifi by the way is quite expensive! but I was prepared for the cost as I'd called up previously) So when I eventually found my room, I walked in to find that the TV did not work - it didn't even turn on. So I called reception and they sent someone to my room, and fair enough he arrived within 20 minutes. He said this room's TV had been broken for quite a while (So why was I sent to this room when the man on reception knew I wanted wifi?). I asked what was going to happen now, whether I would be offered another room and he said he would speak to the duty manager. But this never happened. I waited over an hour, by which time it was late and I was tired. I couldnt even get comfy and put my PJ's on as I was waiting for someone to move me! I was quite annoyed that I had lugged my laptop all the way to London, and had to carry it all around London the next day for no reason at all.I didn't have breakfast as it was £17.50 ! There was a lovely friendly cafe opposite that offered a lovely full breakfast for less than a third of the price. Overall, it's a shame what happened with the room, but I doubt I will stay there again.	
May 12 2008	Absolutely Fabulous	We stayed here for 3 nights and from checking in to departure all we can say is 5* attention. The room was large, with large LCD TV, fridge, vast bed and spotlessly clean and comfortable. Breakfast included fried and scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, tomatoes, mushrooms, waffles, toast, hashbrowns, beans and wide variety of a continental breakfast too. The staff were all very friendly and attentive to your every need. including nutella! It is in an excellent location, opposite Gloucester Road tube station and starbucks and eateries for convenience. Our bags were looked after on our day of departure at no cost and perhaps the only negative were the prices at the bar!!Lovely to have staff in London with a smile on their face.	
Apr 30 2008	Adequate at Best	I stayed at this hotel for three nights. While the hotel is charming from the outside and has an inviting lobby area, the rooms leave a lot to be desired. The first night I was given a single room, slightly larger than a broom closet. If I were the least bit claustrophobic, I could not have stayed there. The room was very hot and the air conditioning didn't seem to cool things off at all. In order to get to sleep in the heat, I was forced to sleep with the window open (fortunately my room didn't face the street). When I finally got to sleep, I was abruptly woken up by a deafening fire alarm around midnight. I called the front desk and was told it was a false alarm and that they were trying to turn it off, which they did do within a minute or so. The next night I was given a double room, whose loud, creaky floorboards and uneven surface made me concerned for my own safety and that of the guests staying in the room below me. I was then given another room whose floor was slightly less creaky, but had a faint displeasing odor to it. I felt that the ventilation in the hotel was below par, as I could smell cooking odors (especially garlic) in the hallway four stories above the restaurant. I also felt that the acoustics could be improved, as I could hear the guests in an adjacent room talking and laughing until after 1AM.On the positive side, the hotel staff was polite and helpful for the most part, the hotel rates were very good for London and the South Kensington location was excellent. Overall, however, I feel that this hotel is in dire need of major remediation work, in order to come close to its three and one-half star rating.	
Apr 26 2008 	Great location acceptable stay	Prior to catching an early flight from Heathrow, I stayed overnight at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel. I'd stayed here before (in a similar situation), and decided to stay there again because the location is very convenient (right outside Gloucester Road Tube Station) and I was able to get a reasonable rate.The hotel is not particularly large, and features a small, yet comfortable lobby and a rather grand central staircase. I had a room on the second floor, overlooking the Tube Station. The room was small yet comfortable. I didn't bother with breakfast as I had an early start.Pros:+ great location for the Piccadilly Line. Lots of restaurants, pubs, and shops in the area (though you may want to walk for a bit to avoid the obviously touristy ones). Hyde Park isn't that far, either.+ room was tidy and clean, bathroom had been fairly recently renovated+ staff were friendly and helpful, if a little harried at busy timesCons:- the room was a little noisy, due to traffic;- the room was way too hot, and the climate control couldn't do much about it- I had booked a non-smoking room but was given a smoking room; I was able to change rooms without any difficulty, but you may want to double-check this on booking.- hot water failed shortly after I arrived and they weren't able to get it repaired until late that night. It was working again in the morning, so it wasn't that big of a deal.- internet access was crazy expensiveI wanted somewhere convenient for getting to Heathrow via the Tube, and the Millennium Baileys served its purpose. Everyone there was friendly and helpful. I have no compelling reason to go back, but would consider it if I could find a good deal.	
Apr 23 2008 	Perfect location and a chaming older building	My family stayed here for just one night in March on the last night of our european vacation.We had two rooms on two different floors - both very large and comfortable! The front desk staff was so courteous and helpful and breakfast at the hotel the next morning was very good.Location? Literally right across the street from an underground station - absolutely perfect as it made it so easy to wander around the city on our final day and night.Yes, as stated in few other reviews, the floorboards in the hallways really do creak - loudly and a lot. But it is a very old building and I thought it just added to the charm. If anyone is familiar with the Mansion House in Sherrill, New York, USA, this hotel is quite similiar to the Mansion House : ).Will plan to return here on my next trip to London.	
Apr 21 2008 	Woken by fire alarms twice!	Lovely hotel and very convenient for tube &amp; shops. Very helpful staff except for when the fire alarms went off twice (once at 11pm and once at 7am) when I was told they didn't know what was happening... luckily I didn't burn to death in my room!Rooms are nice but I wouldn't class them as 4 star and in need of some repairs, two of the cupboard doors in my room didn't close properly. Reception &amp; restaurant areas are in great condition.Lots of traffic noise if you are in a room facing Gloucester Road so if your after a good nights sleep ask for a room facing in the opposite direction.	
Apr 20 2008 	fantastic central london hotel	This hotel is opposite the gloucester rd tube station and i mean 50feet away ,it is with out doubt a fantastic hotel especially for the vistor who wishes to sight see london or if you are going for a show .The hotel is beautiful inside the room we had on the fifth floor was a very good size the staff were very plesant ( one thing i could not understand was the concergie was a girl from poland i think and did not have a great deal of knowldge about london unless she had maps infront of her , i only wish this was the one place in all regional hotels were the used a local person who would always have great local knowledge)I have to give this hotel 5 out of 5 for its good looks cleaniness and its postion, even though it is so close to a tube station we had very peacefull and quite sleeping times. i recommend this hotel to all.	
Apr 12 2008 	small expectations	The hotel was stylish and elegent. Convienently located across from the tube, natural history museum, science museum and hyde park. The staff were friendly and eager to help. We had stayed in two different classified rooms, a club room and a standard. The club room being supposedly better. It was bigger and with a few more furniture pieces here &amp; there but that's were it stopped. The air-conditioning did not function properly, the shower head was inconvienently placed (not allowing an average height person to comfortably shower without hitting their head) and there was constant disturbances e.g. to check the mini bar. This is when the do not disturb sign came in handy. We were told that there was a complimentary bottle of wine &amp; a dvd player but there was none to be seen. We were better off in a standard room, where the television was better &amp; bigger. The room was a decent size and the bed did not separate as we slept. Only one problem was the internet connection did not work, which was an important factor when you need to do some work on a business trip.	
Apr 10 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Baileys the last week in March. We both enjoyed this hotel. The decor is lovely. W arrived around 10 in the morning and were not expecting to go straight into our room, it was a lovely suprise when we were told that our room was ready . We had booked a CLUB Room. Inga at the front desk, was fantastic, checked us in and this was done very quickly and with no problems. Our room was great, but it was right outside the lifts, which did not please me, so down we went to see Inga to see if we could change rooms. No problems she said and within a few minutes we were given a different room away from the lifts, Room 115. Raymond the conceirge was just wonderful and was very helpful with train directions to Windsor. He also organised tickets for us for the same night at the theatre. Now with this being said we both found that the BREAKFAST STAFFall need a good kick up their backsides. They all need to go to bed earlier to get a good night sleep or take courses in how to SMILE ,everyone we found we all grumpy. I felt that asking for tea with lemon was such a big deal. Had to ask 3 times for the lemon. Yes smiling would gone down a real treat. So all the breakfast staff even the ones standing at the door as you enter the room need a major change in their attitudes to their guests. The second negative was HOUSEKEEPING every day something was missing. We had a top sheet for the first 3 days. Day 4 no top sheet also no face washers, I discussed this with (can't remember her name) at reception on our way out and she rang housekeeping to tell them. This was done in front of us, so when we arrived back after a few hours still no top sheet and no face washers. The next day we left the hotel early for our tour 5 hours later when we returned the room had still not been cleaned. We ended up going and sitting in the foyer while they cleaned our room. When we got back up, one was still cleaning 20 mins later I ended up goiing out and catching her to tell her she had forgotten the towels and shampoos, she didn't speak english so she called another I explained what I wanted and about 15 mins later another arrived with what was missing. So housekeeping also need a good shake up along with Breakfast staff. But we would definately stay here again, because the LOCATION in fantastic, Gloucester Road Tube is just across the road with plenty of shops around for all your needs. Love this area, Kensington . This was our 3rd trip to London and our 3rd stay in this street. The Baileys Hotel gets a thumbs up from us.	
Apr 10 2008	Not Quite Hot	I booked this hotel as a Theatre package and I have to say that although it was a pleasent looking hotel it didnt look so good in the flesh as it does on their web site. It is great for the tube as you only have to cross the road and your there. The parking is situated underneath the hotel and it cost us £70 for 2 days which bumped the hotel price up more than expected. The room was ok, it has a tv and phone and internet access at a price. I am cold blooded as a rule but the room was far to warm as the heater was constantly on even when we turned the termerstat right down, I asked reception for someone to look at it but nothing changed and no one informed us as to what was happening.My advise would be to go somewhere elts for breakfast, you can have a continental B/fast or an English B/fast a a slightly highter price at around £15 per person...alot of the continental B/fast not available even though the it was on the menu and when we asked for something thats was on the menu they said there was no more left even with an hour left fir B/fast and this happened both days.. so in a nut shell i paid £13.50 for a continental B/fast and ate some fruit and a crossant. We complained about the service and said we paid for a b/fast we never got and was told we would receive a call with a possible refund.....to date I have not got that call.I would not stay here again, not cos the hotel wasnt ok i feel we were ripped off with the B/fasts as we paid £54 between us for a b/fast that was half of the menu and the parking was too expensive to.	
Apr 10 2008 	Very Very Good Hotel	A small but very nice hotel. Price per night of £98.00 is a far better deal than the Millenium hotel around the corner who are charging £175.00 per night. The rooms are a little old but they have plenty of space and have been updated with large screen LCD TV's.Honestly could not complain about this hotel.	
Apr 10 2008	Great But!	The Millennium Baileys is in a great location directly opposite the Gloucester road Underground Station. The underground will take you any where within the Greater London area. A weekly ticket is ideal and very cheap. The surrounding area has great restaurants, food halls and grocery shops and is a short walk to Hyde Park and Harrods.We were lucky enough to be up-graded (many thanks to our travel agent Natasha at Harvey World Travel, Fountain Gate) to a club room which was spectacular. There was nothing to complain about the room. The bed was comfortable and the furnishings within keeping with the style of the Hotel.Front desk was extremely helpful (Inga and Raymond) and could not do enough for us. Reception staff always were friendly and helpful. Raymond the concierge was fantastic in being able to secure &quot; Lion King&quot; tickets at very short notice and for his helpful hints on what was happening around town. The only criticism about the Hotel was the very poor standard of housekeeping we experienced. On arrival the room had face cloths/washers and a top and bottom sheet, after the first night we had to continually request these items. Even when we spoke to the front desk about the problem we still found that there was no top sheet fitted. We had departed one day for a day trip and on returning after only five hours found our room had still not been serviced and had to wait a further 20 minutes whilst the room was serviced. And you guessed it no top sheet, face washers or replenishment of toiletries.In the six days we stayed at the hotel, it became obvious that the floors were not being vacuumed.Overall the Hotel and Front desk were fantastic and it is disappointing that such a splendid Hotel could be let down by Housekeeping.	
Apr 8 2008 	Great	Stayed here on a girlie weekend. The hotel was great it is right beside the tube. Very clean and comfortable. The staff were great and could not have done enough for us.	
Mar 22 2008 	OK	Great location for the tube, right outside Gloucester Road station which is on the Piccadilly Line, for the airport.The reception was efficient and after check-in I went up the sweeping staircase to my first floor single room. The floorboards creeked a little on the way, but this is an old London building. Hotel is in reasonable condition for the building age and communal areas are clean and tidy. I found my room small but cosy. Large comfortable bed with fresh white Egyptian cotton sheets, small wardrobe with safe and ironing board, no view except the fire escape and surrounding courtyard rooftop windows and an en-suite bathroom which was compact but practical.Wired internet (chargeable and expensive) and tea / coffee making facilities were provided in the room, plus basic toiletries in the bathroom. No luxuries such as bath robes etc.Great choice of TV with full interactive facilities, on a modern plasma screen. Breakfast was expensive, but Starbucks and coffee shops right across the road, plus a Waitrose supermarket to stock up on nibbles and drinks. Bar area, with plasma TV lacked atmosphere. In summary, if you can get a good internet deal, it’s worth staying for the central location	
Mar 12 2008 	Impeccable. Beyond Stellar.	I booked one night in the hotel to see west end theatre with a close friend. Having only ever stayed with relatives in England I was at the mercy of London and its accomodations I'd booked in advance. Check in was fluid and the staff: pleasant and helpful. Having arrived one hour and thirty prior to offical check-in I was offered a chance for my luggage to be looked after and then it only took thirty minutes for the front desk staff to locate a room for me for checking in. The business center facilities at the sister hotel proved to me invaluable and the availability of meals in the hotel was a plus for someone so unfamiliar with London as I am. Without goiong into detail it seems my British 'friend' was troubled and as things had turned out the next morning I was accosted by someone I thought I knew. I immediately rang the staff explaining the situatuion. The manageress on duty came to the room instantly offering for lack of better term; tea and sympathy. Staff scrambled to find me another room, safely gaurded from this offender. The security, peace of mind, discretion &amp; overall genuine assistance in a time of need to a foreigner was exemplary. I came near to staying another night. However I chose instead to return to a hotel at Heathrow and lfy back home immediately. Its a shame I didnt get to stay the second evening (my first overnight stay having been prepaid with a package) I plan to return when again in the neighborhood and of course under better circumstances. I cannot state how incredibly professional, security conscious, and honorable are the staff at the Millenium Baileys. And now come to think of it the accomodations here are worth every pound spent. The beds are like sleeping on a cloud. The ironing, tea/coffee making mini bar (be careful I didnt use it very expensive) the bathroom all facilities of this hotel are bar none the best Ive encountered abroad. Yet still a warm cozy setting in such a big city. Bravo to Millenium Bailey's. May your hotel flourish and gleam as you do for decades to come...	
Feb 21 2008 	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Millennium Bailey for the last week of December 2005 (including new years). It was very nice. The staff was very professional. The room could have been larger, but it is a hotel in a major city so one could not expect too much more. It was very well located, being directly accross from the underground, which we used often. We found the city to be quite easy to navigate. The bar/cafe just off the lobby was relaxing and quiet, which was perfect for tea and snacks after sight-seeing. I highly recommend the french pastry shop (I do not recall the name but it is maybe three blocks away from the hotel) which we did not find until the last morning of our trip. On the whole it was quite an enjoyable stay.	
Feb 18 2008 	Unique unsatisfactory customer service!	My wife &amp; I were looking forward to a relaxing 2 night, &quot;get up when we feel like it&quot; kind of weekend. No chance! For some reason (which I still have not been given) on the first morning, we received an unrequested wake up call at 6.30am. Despite being very bleary eyed, I made the most of it, and got up to go &amp; queue for &quot;Terracotta Army&quot; Tickets. I left my wife in bed. As I left the hotel at 7.30am, I pointed out to the concierge that I hadn't made a wake up call request, and would he please ensure that it wasn't someone else that had required one. He showed me the list &amp; sure enough, our room number (140) was on it. I wasn't too concerned because mistakes do happen. I did however point out that we didn't want another one thankyou. You've guessed it, next morning, 6.30am another unrequested wake up call. This really was too much, but we didn't want it to spoil the weekend, so we didn't make an issue of it. As we checked out we were asked if everything had been okay. I said that actually, no, it hadn't. It was very busy at reception at that time, and I agreed with the manager to sit down and discuss later in the day when we returned to collect our baggage. I also had to point out that I don't drink Becks lager, so why was there an £8 charge showing on my bill? To be fair, it was immediately removed - no question.Upon returning that evening, staff had changed, but the new manager was available to speak to. She was very pleasant and listened to my complaint, but, I remain totally unsatisfied with the outcome. I must take a lesson in the way she handled the complaint. Lovely smile, and a sorry, but no suggestion as to what could have happened, not one suggestion about how this could be put right. I was left to do all the talking, and as someone who deals regularly with complaints, I have never, ever, felt so damned awkward. I wanted some feedback, some suggestion as to what might be done to put things right, not just a smile.I said that we would love to go back again, but on reflection, I don't think we'll bother.	
Feb 18 2008 	Needs a refurbishment!	Booked through Travelzoo where hotel had a special offer. Reception, bar and restaurant on arrival looked impressive but that's where it stopped. Allocated room 113 on check-in which was a superior room according to the receptionist Piia. Bathroom was ancient with dreadful shower, cobwebs on the ceiling above the door, loose floor tiles and my pet hate someone elses hairs on the floor. Wallpaper was torn in several places and lifting off the walls outside the bathroom. In areas paper was rust stained. On going to the restaurant for dinner we noticed water dropping from the ceiling outside out door and also dripping down the wall. We informed reception who thanked us and said she would get it seen to. The blanket on the bed was a disgrace as was the spare one in the wardrobe. I would not use them for my dog. Noise from squeeking floorboards both above our room and in the corridors resulted in us been woken up several times during the night. There was also some sort of a/c or extract fan near our window.The following morning on going down to breakfast water was still dropping from the ceiling and the carpet was now wet. WE again told reception.Due to everyone being told on check-in to come to breakfast before 9am there was a large queue and so we were given the option to go to their sister hotel next door which we did - big mistake. Everything on the hot buffet was cold including the plates.On getting back to the hotel we complained about our room and were moved to 327 which although slighly better with a duvet and bathrobes, had the smallest bathroom I had ever seen in a hotel. We gave up as we had only 1 night left to stay and could not be bothered to complain again.The food for dinner in Olives was great however as was the general attitude of the staff.We both work in the hotel industry and know a 4 star hotel when we stay in one. Baileys Kensington is not what we would call a 4 star hotel. We shall not be returning.	
Feb 15 2008 	Special Night in London	A romantic Valentine's Day, capped off with a special night at the Millennium Bailey Hotel! It will not disappoint!I originally booked through lastminute.com – a thinly veiled &quot;Top Secret Hotel” - for £119. However, cancelled this is preference of hoteldirect.com which included a full English breakfast for £102. The £20 administration fee meant my bank balance didn't notice the difference ... but I'm a man governed by his stomach and that was enough to swing it for me!The breakfast buffet costs £16.50pp so definitely VFM if you can get this included in the deal. As typical with the &quot;morning after the night before&quot;, there was a rush between 9-10am, with all of the late risers descending upon the restaurant at once. Other guests had to queue to be seated and there was little room to move between the tightly arranged tables. The buffet was a welcome sight and was replenished frequently while we ate (at our table ... might’ve been hungry, but we're not animals!). Only the scrambled eggs remained untouched as the consistency bore a closer resemblance to soup. The hash browns were first rate and the sausages extremely tasty.On arrival, we were upgraded to an executive king size room. Disarmed by such generosity, I completely forgot some of the comments I'd read on TripAdvisor - but by the time I realised ... it was too late (was Valentine's after all). Two twin beds pushed together does not a king size make. A small chest concealed the divide ... however the separate headboards fixed to the wall were a bit of a give away. Well they would have been, if I wasn't so easily distracted! Aside from that, I can have no complaints about the room - was truly superb! Spacious, luxurious, a special night in a special hotel. The beds were so comfy; it would have been tempting to stay there all day!A word of warning to those with limited ingenuity … the room was quite cold on arrival - “arctic” and “freezing” were two words my girlfriend used to describe! We failed to get any response out of the a/c / heating unit but put this down to the size of the room plus being an old hotel. In the morning, I discovered that the outer part of the dual glazing window was left open … a well ventilated room, but on the uncomfortably “parky” side. I chose to stay here based on it’s proximity to the Uncle Albert Hall … walkable if that’s your thing and you’ve all the time in the world, taxi £4 if you just want to get there! We enjoyed fantastic evening at the Cirque de Soleil. Disregarding the “soulless” reviews by most arts critics, this was entertaining and breath-taking in equal measures – a perfect choice for the occasion.On the door step of Gloaster Road tube station, the Millennium Bailey would make an ideal choice for tourists wanting to be based within striking distance of the museums. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and will definitely consider when arranging another romantic night in this part of London.	
Feb 7 2008	Excellent birthday treat	Stayed at the Millennium Baileys Jan 27 and 28th for my 40th birthday. Location couldn't have been better after our journey on the train from Yorkshire. Got the tube from Kings Cross to Gloucester Road and the hotel is immediately on your right when you come out. It couldn't be any closer! Looks nice from the outside and, generally speaking, it maintains this inside. Friendly reception staff (all foreign, but good command of English) were able to check us into a room even though it was only 11.30am (they also let us check out an hour late).Room was compact (typical of lots of older London hotels) but smart. General decor in the hotel is of 3.5 star rating in my book, not quite the 4 star it is rated. Some building work was going on while we were there but it wasn't an inconvenience.Had drinks both nights in the hotel's Olives bar which was nice enough. Breakfast (full english included in our booking for £100 a night) was in the adjoining Olives restaurant.Overall, a very enjoyable stay.	
Jan 26 2008 	Couldn't be better	My sister-in-law and I always wanted to be in London at Christmas and we booked two weeks at Bailey;s. When we arrived, the room we were assigned was rather cool, so we were upgraded to a spacious room with sitting area overlooking Gloucester Road. It was warm and confortable and the thermostat was easy to control. The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. The beds were super comfortable--so much so, in fact that we often slept later than we intended. On Christmas, we found gifts of candies and small bottles of --what else--Baileys Sherry. Room service was fast, courteous and the food tasty and a great bargain for London. There's also a nice dining room and a day or so before Christmas we were seated in front of the fireplace and presented with &quot;Christmas crackers.&quot; The hotel is attached to the Millennium Gloucester and the facilities there are open to Bailey's guests.I can't say enough about the staff, especially &quot;Debbie&quot; who was so nice and accommodating. I became ill on New Years Day and they arranged for a doctor to come to the hotel. I had pneumonia, but he gave me medication and I recovered in a few days. The concierge arranged several tours for us and our transportation back to Gatwick.The location is perfect. Right across the street from the Gloucester Road Tube station as well as a wonderful grocery store--Waitrose's which has all kind of baked treats which, I must admit, we overdid a little and I am now dieting.I have been to London many times and have stayed at a number of hotels and have even rented flats for several weeks. As far as I am concerned I won't be back to LOndon in the winter, but when I go in the summer, which I definitely will, I will stay no where else. As an American, I have always felt welcome and comfortable in England and this trip was no different in that respect.Thanks to the wonderful staff for helping make our stay outstanding.	
Jan 17 2008 	Honestly?... Overrated!	We stayed at the Millenium Bailey's for Christmas and New Years this year. We had read that it was a nice 4 star hotel with friendly staff. I think the biggest disappointments were the fact that the hotel room itself was rundown and shabby. Our room had everything from torn wallpaper, to loose and dislodged tiles in the bathroom. We stayed there for 9 days so we also had plenty of interaction with the staff and it wasn't pleasant. Everyone was a little surly and very unhelpful when it came to solving little problems such as having toilet paper sent up because our room had not been stocked. Stay here only if you must...	
Jan 14 2008	Good location	This hotel is literally next to Gloucester Road tube station making it very easy to get around London from. The area has lots of nice restaurants.The hotel itself is OK value by London standards. Cosy bar and OK restaurant. My room at the front of the building was a little noisy early in the morning but otherwise the room was fine.	
Jan 10 2008 	Recomended if you get the price right!	Sayed here for 3 nights in January. Got a good deal through Travelzoo - £95 per double room, per night, including full English breakfast.We were early and our room wasn't ready, so we were (very kindly) upgraded from a Superior to an Executive room, available immediately. The room was very spacious but poorly lit. No lighting at all beside the wardrobe, which was where the full length mirror and hair dryer were. Only one spotlight in a very large bathroom and little light around the one bathroom mirror. This made it difficult to apply makeup etc (and even worse for my wife!). Room a little noisy, with the squeakiest floorboards ever! But, overall, and for London, not bad accommodation.Breakfasts excellent. Bar very welcoming. Staff were fine, friendly and professional. Great location, just next to Gloucester Road tube station and close to museums etc. Lots of restaurants around including Chinese, Indian etc.All in all, we recommend this hotel. Would suggest that you ask to see your room beforehand as we were very unclear as to what the difference between a standard, a superior and an executive room might be (particularly if you are paying anything like the full price).	
Dec 22 2007	Sadly far below what you expect and pay for.	Reception staff kept us waiting whilst they argued on the phone with another member of staff about clean rooms. They could also say please and thank you, which would be rather nice.Room - Decor faded and dated. Fridge had a patch of bacteria in it.Bathroom - Shower was old and couldn't be adjusted. Fitting around the bath was coming away and rotten from water damage, mould could be seen on the sealant between the bath and the wall. Shame as the style was 1930's and had great potential. Room service - Had to ring three times for a second bath towel, as one does with two people staying. It arrived five hours later.Bar- Nice staff and decor, very expensive.Breakfast - Adequate. Overall - Great location and potential. Needs extensive overhaul. Not again.	
Dec 16 2007	Not that impressed	I stayed at the Millenium Baileys for business and had asked our travel booking people for a hotel in the Gloucester Rd area becuase of its convenient location with well lit streets and plenty of restaurants etc. The hotel is very convenient for the Tube being a few metres from the exit but fortunately on the other side of the road so there ie no tube noise.Check in was efficient. The receptionist asked if I wanted a double bed, when I said yes please, she mentioned that it would be an extra £50 per night - which I felt was a bit annoying. I asked for a room with a bath (not all the rooms have baths, some only have showers) and was given a room opposite the lifts. This made me feel slightly uneasy as there was a lot of traffic throughout the night and also the shrill beeping of the lift was audible so I didn't sleep very well. The air con was working though - if anything (and to my surprise) the room was slightly chilly.The hotel itself is in need of a refurb, everywhere looks rather dated and shabby. The single rooms are small and poorly lit - there were two lamps but not overhead lighting which made working awkward. It all seemed fairly clean although I id have to rinse two curly hairs from the bath - ick!I missed breakfast so I can't comment on the food, although the bar menu looked good value for London.To summarise - I wouldn't actively avoid this hotel - it was convenient, service was OK and it was fairly clean - but neither would I actively seek it out.	
Dec 3 2007 	convenient for tube station	this hotel convenient for getting around as right next to gloucester road tube station. adequate rooms by london standard although like us guests were complaining rooms far too hot. could not turn heating down below 10degrees, advised to open window but no difference. In contrast full english breakfast was stone cold served on cold plates. My advice would be stay on a room only tariff there are plenty of places nearby serving breakfast at a more reasonable price (£16.95 in millenium) Staff were pleasant, all in all an okay 2 night break but due to heating problem 2 sleepless nights	
Nov 20 2007 	Was livable but because of the staff	Arrived at the hotel at around 1PM but had to wait in the bar for about an hour as was advised that the hotel was full and the room had to get prepared for us. We had booked into the Club Room which was located at one corner of the hotel on the second floor.The staff were excellent, very friendly, helpful and always smiling. The breakfast was included in the hotel rate (211 GBP incl. VAT) but considering the high rate the room was not upto the mark.Old fashioned room with basic amenities and very basic bathroom. The room was spacious and very much so by London standards but that was expected since it was the Club Room. The bathroom was big also but a very basic layout and old at that too. The major downside was that the room safe was not working. Complained about it on arrival but even after three days nobody turned up to rectify it.The airconditioning was not working. The room was like an oven. Turned down the temperature to 10 Deg on the thermostat and maximum speed blower but it kept heating. Finally called the engineer and he arrived perfectly on time. Checked the Unit and said that a Valve was broken and since it would take time could he do it in the morning. He was asked to and that was the end of it.Called them down in the evening (which was about half an hour back since am still there) and was advised that since the heating was turned on there was no cooling. Very wierd since the situation changed overnite. The gentleman at the reception advised me to open the window or in case required he could send up a pedestal fan. Not what one would expect from a hotel and that also somebody paying extra for a club room.Other than the above two problems the stay was excellent. The room and bathroom was clean and overall a good experience but would not recommend the CLub Room since not worth the rate and also the Internet Connection charges were extra (20 GBP).	
Nov 17 2007 	Good considering the alternatives	The location of the Millennium can't be beat -- literally a few steps from the Gloucester Rd tube station. The hotel itself ... hmm ... it is nice enough. The rate I paid was a bit absurd ($350 US), but for a decent hotel in London (which is a hard thing to find!), it was probably comparable to anything else in the area.The rooms are a bit tired, but clean. Hot water -- well, I never really had any 'hot' water. It was warm, at best. Thank goodness for heated towel racks!No breakfast included in my rate. They have a $10 'take-away' breakfast (which consists of a cup of coffee, piece of fruit and a pastry) in the lobby. Expensive (darn the exchange rates at the moment) and the same can be had across the street at Paul's, Starbucks, or one of the other shops -- just don't eat it in the lobby of the Millennium, as I saw someone get reprimanded for that! Internet access in the lobby was free (not sure if it was supposed to be but I was able to connect.) Access in the room was something like 25 pounds/day. Wow.My one concern here is that somehow while I was in London my credit card number was stolen ... I expect it was at the hotel as that was the only place I actually handed it to anyone for any length of time ... either by someone at the desk or ... one day before I realized there was free internet access in the lobby, I paid for TMobile internet online. So beware.I would stay again. Not overwhelmed with the hotel, but it is perfectly adequate.Note to entrepreneurs ... there should be an incredible market in central london for a super clean, decent business hotel with new furnishings and free internet access. They are hard to come by.	
Nov 16 2007 	One step off the tube	Catching up on some trip reports for older stays.We stayed here for an extended weekend stay (5 days) coming from the states. Our primary reason for selecting this property was its location on the tube line direct from Heathrow. What a pleasure to get off a long flight and after a short tube ride find ourselves standing on the doorstep of this hotel.We arrived early from the States and they were still able to accommodate our check-in. And upon our request for a quiet location we were given a fairly spacious room that had absolutely no noise at all. (There wasn't any view but that was OK - we were not there to look out the window!) They also offered us a free breakfast upon our arrival which was very generous as well.Within suitable walking distance there are plenty of small and interesting bars and restaurants - one restaurant we liked so much we went back a second time. There are also numerous nearby tourist attractions. Using the tube we were also able to venture further afar (including a day trip down to Stonehenge).The next time in London we'll likely choose this hotel again.	
Nov 6 2007 	Superb Location	Stayed here for a saturday night - on a visit to theatre and sightseeing. Got a great rate through Travelzoo of £95 for double room including full english breakfast, which is good value for a hotel in the city. Great location just off the main road into the city so no hastle driving in. It is opposite the entrance to Gloucester Rd tube station which was great for getting about. There are also a few shops and restaurants accross the road from the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. At breakfast there were so many waiter's and waitresses - service was excellent. Breakfast was good with a resonable selection of food. The room was of average size, bathroom was a bit small but was adequate for a nights stay. The bed was lovely and comfy. There was tea and coffee making facitlies and a mini bar. Overall we would definately stay here again when we go back to London.	
Nov 1 2007 	outstanding	We stayed at the Millennium Bailey for 4 days in October. Our visit was excellent. The front desk staff was welcoming and very knowledgable. We were upgraded to a club room which was very large and well equipped. The bathroom was so British and we loved the towel warmer. We arrived the evening England was playing in the rugby final and the bar was alive with fans. The breakfast room was lovely with large rooms overlooking the street. My husband was very pleased with the full English breakfast buffet. The location is terrific, just steps to the tube or walking distance to the V&amp;A Museum. There is a Tesco across the street and a pub and other restaurants. We do recommend Black &amp; Blue, a steak house. We have stayed in London several times and this is the best in this price range [we paid 95 pounds] We will return.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great location very "English."	There are two great things about this hotel: the location, which is right next to the Gloucester Road Tube station and on pleasant bit ofroad with shops and cafes; and the very &quot;English&quot; feel. When you arrive, you know you are in London, with the grand (if small) lobby and the maze of hallways. It is very unlike the standardized look of modern chain hotels. To me this is a plus. Breakfast is very good andserved in a very elegant room--again, &quot;English&quot;-- but if it is not included in your rate there is a Paul cafe/bakery opposite!The rooms can be small--very small--but on two stays, I had one teenyroom and one quite spacious so apparently it is the luck of the draw.Otherwise, standards of comfort and cleanliness were fine and the rooms were both quiet. Staff were pleasant although they weren't too keen on storing my bag while I was away for a few days even though their website advertises &quot;luggage storage.&quot; Overall I wouldl certainly stay here again although I would hesitate to pay more than the rate I got of about $240 for a &quot;standard&quot; room.	
Oct 26 2007 	Great Location Staff fabulous	We stayed here from October 12th to 14th for a family visit to London through Travelzoo. We booked two rooms, one was a standard double and the other was an Executive twin. Both rooms were adequate, Mini bar and Tea/coffee making facilities. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was spacious, shower powerful. The Executive room also had a sofa and chair and was a little bit more spacious than the double room. When we arrived at the hotel the reception staff were fantastic, very helpful and even phoned us later to find out if everything was ok with our room. We had small problems - our TV and one of the lamps did not work, but within minutes the hotel engineer was in our room and they were fixed. Room service was reasonable and delicious, however breakfast the next day was a disappointment. We had the full English breakfast package, but the food was not hot, they kept running out, and the waiting staff were very slow. The main lure to this hotel would be the lovely location, very close to shops, restaurants and not far from the Albert Hall, Natural History Museum and Victoria and Albert. It is also just across the road from a bus stop, where London bus tours commence. As other people have said before it is ideal for the Underground - literally across the road. (Get an Oyster card before you go, it saves you money and you don't have to hunt for cash for buses or tubes.)I would stay here for the location and the staff, but at the end of the day the hotel was nothing special, albeit clean and comfortable. Just what you need for a trip to London, and I would return here for the location and reasonably priced rooms.	
Oct 24 2007 	OK hotel in a very good location	Stayed there by myself for a few days a couple of weeks ago. The hotel is situated in a very nice part of London. It is not in the center, but it is very easy to get anywhere, including particularly easy to get to and from the airport (Picadilly line). It is also close to the Science Museum and the Natural History Museum, which are very, very good.The room was on the small side and the hotel felt impersonal. I mean, it is OK, but nothing special. I would stay there again if it was convenient to what I wanted to do in London, but would not really prefer it to alternatives.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good location nice staff run down room	We stayed here for 1 night in September. It is located almost across the street from the tube station. We arrived about 11am in the morning, and the staff let us check-in! That was really nice since we had been traveling for a while. Our room showed it age and our blanket was really dirty with several stains. The bathroom showed its age as well, and could have used a good deep clean. Since we were only staying one night we did not make a big deal about the cleanliness of the room.	
Oct 13 2007 	One of the Best in London for what it is	The Bailey's Hotel is a very well-located hotel, across from the the Gloucester Road Tube Station. I have stayed here on and off perhaps 20 times over the past several months.What distinguishes the hotel is the friendly staff, in particular the porters and some particular members of the front desk team.Price wise, the hotel offers excellent value for money, given that this is London, and its central location. Internet service in room is generally reliable, though if you need it, make sure that the room you are going to has it when you check in, as many of the rooms have problems with it from time to time.What is less good about this hotel, and where they should make positive strides, particularly as I have noticed that rates have been creeping up lately is the quality of the furnishings and fittings in the bedrooms and the bathrooms.The &quot;King&quot; beds are always two beds that have been pushed together--which is not good in the best of circumstances, but here, one always finds there is a substantial gap, or mattresses are at different heights. The sheets are cheap, poly feeling sheets, and the pillows are all synthetic and not very nice.The bathrooms are functional, but there is rarely enough shelf space to put things on, some of the rooms have showers that don't seem to get as hot as the others, the towel rack heaters are often on the blink...and in-room temperature controls often don't work (whether for heat or for AC).That said, they don't rip you off with internet charges, and given that I often live in hotels, I have yet to find a place that offers better overall value for money in London. Book ahead, as they are often sold out.	
Oct 9 2007	Excellent location service and reasonable price	Across street from Gloucester Road subway station; Station has 3 subway lines - Circle, District and Picadilly and one of them can take you to London Heathrow; You save 45 pounds for a taxi ride to the airport; It was good to have 3 lines just in case one of them is out of service, especially on weekends; All day subway pass is 5 pounds and 10 pence; Across the street from Fun Pub, grocery store, Starbuck's, Fish and Chips place, Internet Cafes (1-2.5 pounds per hour); Compared to Hilton Kensington, the service was better in Baileys and lots of tours offered; Baileys offers many sightseeing and tours at hotel - The Windsor, Stonehenge and Bath trip was awesome; Friends from Hilton came over to book tours at Baileys; Casino was behind hotel, which is open till 6AM; Room was very clean - small, which is typical of European hotels; Very safe neighbourhood. Reasonable price; Walkable to famous places; It has Internet access; Would definitely stay at Baileys again if price is less than 100 pounds per night for a double room!!! I highly recommend to friends and tripadvisor viewers...	
Oct 6 2007 	Large Boutique Style Hotel	The Millenium Bailey's is a reasonably priced well located hotel for those that want to stay near downtown but have a budget in mind. The staff was quite friendly, the rooms clean although dated, and the location - across the street from Gloucester Road Station was excellent.I was both fortunate and unfortunate to have difficulty in getting aninternet connection. This resulted in me seeing 5 or 6 different rooms of all shapes in sizes as I was escorted around to find a room that had functional internet. I can tell you the rooms were all unique, thus my &quot;boutique&quot; comment in the title. The larger rooms were quite nice while the smallest rooms were a bit cramped (just enough space to walk around the bed). The King beds were actually twosingles bumped up against one another. The bathrooms were semi-functional. The toilet didn't always flush well. As I said, the internet was not functional in all rooms. That said, the staff was very accomodating in helping locate a room that had working internet and moved me there at no additional cost.The area around the Bailey's was ok. There's a nice pub across the street. Restaurants in the area are fairly decent and Covent Gardens and Soho area a short train ride away. Being across the street from Gloucester Road station is quite nice. If you're on a budget this is a fine place to stay. If you want to spend a bit more for a less boutique style environment you could go next door to the Millenium Gloucester. Same great location but more of a traditional finer hotel appearance.	
Oct 3 2007 	Outstanding!	My wife and I stayed at the Millennium Baileys for 4 nights in September 07. Our stay at the Millennium was simply marvelous. I will follow the same format for this review as I did in my previous one regarding Hotel Abbatial, Paris FR;NEGATIVES;~ Can’t think of anything negative regarding this hotel When I read some of the other reviews, I couldn’t help but ask myself if those folks had stayed at the same place as we did.POSITIVES;~BUILDING: Simply WOW….. a beautiful Victorian building successfully converted to a modern hotel yet all the elegance and décor was kept as close to the original as possible. They paid such close attention to the ambiance, at the lobby there was a LCD computer screen which was put in a wooden case to match the desk and the rest of the décor.~STAFF: From the front lobby to housekeeping, everyone was attentive, friendly and willing to help with whatever they could. I wanted to attend a soccer match at the Wembley Stadium which was sold out, fellows at the front desk went out of their way and tried getting me tickets from the black market.~AREA: Safe, lively, busy, close to some main attractions and definitely one of better parts of London. There are nice restaurants within a stone’s throw away from the hotel. If you are into trying out things locals do, there is a little café directly across from the front door, which seems to have been picked by cab drivers as a hangout. Owner is friendly and the food is very reasonable and tastes very good. Don’t leave town without trying their English Breakfast.~ROOM: Clean, comfortable, cozy and everything in it worked including the towel warmer which we thought was a very nice touch. The bed was very comfortable and plenty big. ~TRANSPORTATION: Another WOW about this hotel. I counted; you are within 50 steps of the tube entrance and the bus stop. There are cabs around at all times, especially when the café across the street is open.~PRICE: I would definitely include the Millennium Bailey’s in the reasonable category but after staying there I may change to “ best bang for your buck, or Euro or Pound” ~SUMMARY: One sentence- someday I hope to go back and stay there again.	
Sep 26 2007	Great Location	My neice and I stayed at the Millennium Bailey's in early September we were very pleased with the hotel and its location. I would recommend eating breakfast off property, there are plenty places in the area to eat including Starbucks. The Black and Blue retaurant across the street has great steaks. I have to say that Nancy the concierge was the best - she recommended great places to eat, secured theatre tickets and was extremely friendly. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Sep 23 2007 	Nice Hotel - Pity About the Staff	Nice hotel, if somewhat in need of a paint. We were on the 4th floor at the end of a corridor which we had to get to down a flight of stairs from the elevator, which is not easy if you have two large suitcases to haul.The staff tried to be helpful, but as some on the desk only had a grasp of the English language and not an understanding of it, we found that we were left having to ask at the underground station across the road for directions on how to get to places.I had to make one phone call to confirm our tours which we had booked from Australia and it cost me 2 pound 50 per minute, which I thought was a bit rich.The breakfast was included in the price and was quite adequate although I don't know that I would have wanted to pay the 20 pound for the English breakfast if it had not been included.The hotel is in a great location, with the tube literally across the road, plenty of places to eat in the vicinity and a pub directly across from it.We would most likely stay there again.	
Sep 19 2007 	Wonderful Hotel--Except for the nickel and dime stuff (shilling and pence?)	This is a great little hotel in a fantastic location. I certainly paid too much to stay here (179 pounds a night) but London was completely full and all the hotels were charging way to much! (There was a huge Arms convention in London at the time). I've booked that same hotel for others in the recent past at around 100 pounds which seems much more sane to me. But London is an expensive city--strike that--&quot;the world's most expensive city&quot; so you have to just have to pay what you have to pay.The Baileys is first of all in one of the best locations in London. It is literally steps from the Glouchester Road Tube station and everything you could possibly want is right there--lots of places to eat, a good pharmacy, a 24-hour grocery store, pubs, and pubs, and pubs....The hotel itself is quite nice. The room I stayed in was small (one bed) but had a great bath and nice furnishings. It also had great light and decor so I was quite comfortable. The closet space was quite small, so if you have a lot of clothes to put away, you may want to go with an upgraded room. The coffeemaker was a water boiler with teabags and instant coffee (which was a disappointment), but the instant coffee was good. The TV had about 25 channels which is excellent for a London hotel. The hallways were nice and the lobby, though small is comfortable. I also was surprised to discover that I had left my safe wide open one day with about 100 pounds in it. The maid did not touch it, bless her heart! (She did get a tip!)The only problem was that some of the extra charges were quire ridiculous. Two-and-a-half pounds to call a toll free number? Twenty pounds to use the internet for the day? At least the staff were able to suggest alternatives so that one wasn't forced to use overpriced services.Still, this small irritation was more than made up for by the incredibly nice staff. I've stayed in a lot of hotels all around the world, but I've never seen one where the staff was more concerned about making sure my stay was nice or finding ways to help guests. Ultimately what makes or breaks a hotel is the staff and the Bailey's staff is top notch.I'll stay there again!	
Sep 17 2007 	Excellent value for money	Stayed for one night at end of August 2007.Great location, perfect for getting around London. Great value, we paid £111.00, booked on hotel website. Arrived at hotel early, 1215 but still allowed to check in and offered smoking or non-smoking room. All staff we met were friendly and helpful.Room slightly on the small side, but not enough to be a problem. Really comfortable bed and no noise problem at all in our second floor room. The room we had was very slightly shabby, eg bath panel cracked around edges, but again nothing that caused a problem. Room was very clean.Slight problem when we returned to our room after an evening out. We were locked out as the room door card pass didn't work. It took 2 trips to reception, a call to both hotel maintenance and hotel security before duty manager turned up with pass key to let us into our room half an hour or so later. To be fair to the hotel, these things happen and a member or the reception staff stayed with us the whole time.	
Sep 17 2007 	great location	Two of us stayed here for an overnight. the hotel was beside an underground which was great for getting into theatre land. three underground lines passed that way so visiting others areas of london was an option. The room was spacious for two - twin beds. Staff courteous and friendly. A definite place to stay again for an overnight in London. We didn't eat at the hotel but there were other eateries and bars nearby.	
Sep 8 2007 	Loved the Bailey's	We stayed at the Bailey's for 5 nights, August 22-27, 2007and it was a wonderful old hotel. The lobby has a beautifulchandelier and there are 2 lifts and a restaurant. The concierge,Raymond, was a real jewel. He was so helpful anddid everything for us from restaurant reservations to the BigRed bus tickets. We upgraded from a standard to a deluxeroom and it was very large with a very modern bath and 2large windows we could open. It is air conditioned and thelocation was great, right across the street from the GloucesterRoad tube station and the bus stopped across the street. Therewere several wonderful restaurants and pubs within walkingdistance. I would recommend it highly.ClaireSlidell Louisiana	
Aug 28 2007 	Fab hotel	I recently had the pleasure of staying at the hotel with my family, booked after we stayed at the equally stunning hotel The Millenium Gloucester and hoping for the same quality. We were not disappointed, our rooms were huge (rooms 435, 433, 437) and the beds were that comfortable I wanted to take one home. Breakfast was good although not as good as the Gloucester (which would have been hard to beat anyway). Bar prices was a bit of a shock although beer was more reasonable than spirits..but hey your in London there are plenty of bars about and the prices found in hotels are in all hotels! Tube is 10 seconds away and there is a 24hr Tesco opposite as well as an excellent patissierie that offers great service and good meals. Will be back to one of the hotels when I next stay in London.	
Aug 21 2007	Charming hotel ritgh next to the tube	Bailey's has the charm of an old, but a reasonably well-taken-care-of hotel: the building is beautiful with nice lobby and old-fashioned decor from the lifts to wallpapers and bathroom design. The floors are not quite even and squeak a bit, but there are no holes in carpets or walls and the place is clean.We paid £107 for a standard double room that was undeniably rather small. A possibility to update for an executive or superior room was provided on check-in for extra charge but as we were on budget and did not intend to stay in the room too much we stayed on standard level. This was maybe not quite four star quality, but then again, looking at the price we paid for a well-connected London hotel, the deal was reasonable. Still, we could have used at least a couple of drawers for clothes rather than the mini-bar.The underground station for three tube lines is 30 m from the hotel door. The area around is pleasant and there are convenience stores and pubs nearby. Our price included continental breakfast we were happy with: croissants were fresh and orange juice (a good quality indicator of hotel breakfasts) tasty and strong. Still, £16 for this morning snack or £20 for British breakfast seems simply ridiculous when stylish pubs nearby offer the same for £5!The staff was really friendly and helped us several times with our needs within the hotel or questions concerning the wanderings around the city. What was most important, the room was silent and we slept well. A nice extra was that we got the room on our arrival at 11 am, 3 hours before the usual check-in time.All-in-all we can recommend the Bailey's as a reasonably priced quality hotel - if you get a deal as good as ours. Guests that are used to larger rooms you should consider options above standard rooms.	
Aug 8 2007	They need to get over themselves	First of all, if you are going to charge the prices that the Millenium Bailey charges, the very least you can do is have modern internet facilities for your travelers. That means wireless internet at the very least. Or a computer for the guests to use that is not crammed in a stuffy, overly heated closet, that doesn't cost a pound per ten minutes and which doesn't run on the most idiotic program ever designed which makes reading your mail virtually impossible, as it blocks all pop-ups and allows only one window open at a time. As most email programs require new mail being read and written to open in a new screen, and this program prevents you from having more than one window open at a time, you can see the title of your new email, but when you want to read it or compose it, you are screwed. There might have been a way around it, but at a pound per ten minutes, I was going to go broke before I found it. Then of course, there is the toilet paper situation. Bailey's has the CHEAPEST most horrid toilet paper I have ever had the misfortune of having to use. I was sick during my visit and as I was too ill to go out the first two days I was obliged to use the sandpaper on a roll that they provided. It rubbed my poor nose raw, not to mention what it did to more tender areas. I have stayed in $25 a night roadside crapshacks that had better paper goods than this place. And do not get me started on the $30 continental breakfast. What Bailey's does have going for it (besides way too high an opinion of itself) is a fantastic location, a professional staff and well appointed, well organized and spacious rooms. The linens need an overhaul as my bed spreads all had holes in them and my towels were on the mangy side but overall, the room accomodation were more than adequate.	
Jul 11 2007 	Excellent location and value	This hotel is directly across the street from the tube - no additional walking , out the tube and across the street. You can take the tube directly from Heathrow to Glouchester road with abolutely no challenges. Vert easy and direct.We stayed in the club room with a King size bed. Very comfortable, large and roomy for Europe. Excellent shower with good pressure. Only drawback is the tube in the bathroom has high sides and young children and persons with lower mobility ssues will be challenged. I received a few bruises on my lower extremities as I am vertically challenged (i.e. short). We were inside courtyard with no view but also no street noise. Good trade off in my opinion. Room was always cleaned very well. Elevator is 2 person with luggage. Not unusual in Europe. Do not expect larger. Is a Hotel of it's age (older hotel with some wrinkles but lots of character). Staff at desk were extremely helpful. However, staff at Oliver's need a lesson or two in customer service. Go to the Pub across the street. Cheaper and more realistic of Britian and better customer service. Remember you need to order at the bar. when in a pub Always packed, a good sign! Check out TESCO's across the street. Avoid Italian restaurant on tube side of road in little mall. Over priced and not great food or service.Easy access to all of London - Enjoy!	
Jul 10 2007 	Definitely worked for us!	We recently stayed at the Baileys as sort of a 20th anniversary present to ourselves. We were there for 8 nights and got a rate of 129 pounds per night which we thought was pretty decent for a London hotel. Our room was not a club level room, but was very spacious - even generous. The queen sized bed was great and very comfy with nice linens. We had 2 clubs chairs and a desk with plenty of room to spare.The bathroom was fine - towels were great! Only problem I had was the first time I got out of the shower - I fell! HA! It is elevated a bit and being short, it was a much bigger step out of the tub than I thought and went down flat. But no harm done!Used the concierge only to get tickets to the Globe for us. Did everything else ourselves. Ate at several of the local restaurants and they were all fine.Would not hesitate to recommend for location, size of room, room amenities and niceness of the staff. A very pleasant experience!	
Jul 8 2007	Overall very nice...	I spent 10 days at Bailey's and must say it was worth it.I had the Standard Queen, which I think is the smallest room available. Having seen what's available elsewhere, both cheaper (often tiny and scary) and expensive (luxurious and very nice if prepared to pay over £200.00) I think the rate for my room was fair.The bedroom was a very good size as was the bathroom. There was a writing desk with chair and an armchair. Some of the furniture was tired, greasy armrests and frayed fabric - if you looked closely, but the overall impression was nice.I had asked for a quiet room so I did not complain that my room faced an interior space made up of fire escapes and misc. pipes etc. This made the room very dark. Even with all the lights on reading was difficult.There was no noise from outside or from adjoining rooms. The bed was comfortable and I slept well. However, the doors to the rooms close with a very loud bang and if your neighbours come and go a lot then it can be annoying at night.The location is wonderful.Everything from a post office, dry cleaner, internet cafe, Waitrose, 24hr Tesco, bank machines, pubs, restaurants and a tube stop with acess to the 3 most useful lines are all just outside the hotel on Gloucester Road.The pièce de résistance is the Paul's Café across the street.I, too, heartily recommend Bailey's as good value for anyone seeking medium range accommodation in an excellent location.	
Jul 4 2007 	Would stop again	We stayed for one night and this was booked as a last minute.com secret hotel.Our two rooms 116 and 122 were a good size, comfortable with a large bathroom that had a very powerful shower.The beds were very comfortable and room was quiet at night.We did not eat at the hotel as there are many cafes across the road for breakfast etc.Mini bar very expensive but no other complaints.Recommended.	
Jun 26 2007 	Faded gentility or in need of TLC	This is an excellent location for a hotel, and usually an excellent place for an evening meal. Once the smoking ban comes into force the lounge area will be an excellent place for a drink or afternoon assignation.The overall impression is very pleasing – but I wonder if it’s not time to spruce up the faded gentility, replace the aging carpets and paint the walls. Bedroom was good if a little scruffy, the bathroom had obviously been refurbished, the bed was very comfortable, the shower excellent and the room was quiet and so met one of the aims of the Millennium group’s boss to provide a good night’s rest. (Quoted 25 June 07 in a travel mag in the BA lounge).My evening meal was very good and the staff attentive and friendly as usual - excellent rhubarb-based pud. Breakfast was a little disappointing though – dry and uninspiring with soggy toast and orange-juice that needed a thorough mix ………..No BA air miles now though.	
Jun 26 2007 	great location lovely hotel	We booked this hotel through londontown website, had a good rate with continental breakfast.The location couldnt have been better, we wanted to visit the west end and hyde park for a concert, when you get off Gloucestor Road station it is literally across the road, brilliant. There is a 24 hour Tescos opposite and various shops, cafes and restaurants all very near.We arrived half an hour early for check in and was attended to immediately, the room was ready for us, we were also given a £20 voucher to spend on food in the hotel!!! So after we unpacked we ate in the bar which came to just over £20 with drinks and was lovely.The room was perfect, just like the ones shown on their web site, it was a standard room but was large and had tea and coffe making facilities, iron and ironing board, mini bar, seating, pay per view movies. The bed was large and very comfortable and everything was spotlessly clean.Breakfast was nice and we got seated straight away even though it was busy.It was definately better than we expected, the power shower was wonderful after travelling. My one and only moan would be the expense of items in the mini bar but arent they all like this !!!!When we stay in London again we would definately book this hotel, I am very fussy and used to work in the hotel business so always find something to moan about so belive me this is praise!!!!! indeed !!!	
Jun 16 2007 	Pricey but accessible location	My family of five stayed at the MB in June as my wife was attending a convention. This was our first time in London.The hotel itself is old as mentioned in other reviews so don't expect modern amenities and furnishings. Its location on Gloucester Road is perfect for families whose main purpose is to visit the Natural History Museum, Victoria and Albert Museum and the nearby Kensington Gardens. The tube station literally across the street and nearby cafes, a Tesco store, KFC and Boots pharmacy make life on the go more convenient. The proximity of the underground allows access to the rest of central London. It's pretty easy even with three children under 9 to go to the Tate Modern, cross the Millennium Bridge to St. Paul's Cathedral, the London Eye, and other attractions.The room price for a Millennium Club room is too much, though. Internet access is not free, and as of June 2007 was priced at 8 pounds per hour or 20 pounds per 24 hr, which is ridiculous but necessary unless you want to go into Net withdrawal. There is no wireless access. The room itself is antiquarian and tired looking but clean with adequate temperature control and hot water. The warning on the towel heater rail is appropriate, as it can get very hot. The TV is a CRT with DVD player and few watchable channels with at least three foreign language ones. The bed itself is soft and comfortable. The room is kept clean by the staff, who are uniformly courteous and helpful.Breakfast is served buffet style and can get old if you eat there almost daily as we did. There was a sufficient selection and it was free. There are nearby cafes should one venture out. We did not try room service so I will not be able to evaluate that. We sampled some sumptuous Asian fare at the Singaporean restaurant Bugis a block away, which is actually still part of the Millennium complex. Should your path lead there, try the fried rice.Again, its proximity to nearby attractions and the underground station are very attractive. The hotel itself is above average but not stellar, in keeping with its unassuming facade. The amenities are not up to par with US standards for a hotel at this price but this may be the norm for its London peers.	
May 1 2007 	Great Location!!	Great location!! We were so glad that we were so close to the Gloucester Road tube stop, a 45 minute ride from Heathrow(Picadilly Line). It was easy to get anywhere and we were there 4 nights. Yes, it is older with some creaky floors - but it's London. It was CLEAN and the water pressure in the shower was nice and strong (always one of the tests for hotels), plenty of hot water, too. Large room (219) at the end of the non-smoking hall. Too late to go out to eat one night, the sirloin from room service was very good. We did go to a very good French restaurant that is within walking distance - La Bouchee (56 Old Brompton Road). The Salad Paysanne was so delicious - could have made a meal of it. But, we had the scallops and the haddock and both were excellent. Truly a delicious restaurant worth trying - Entree's plus salads totalled 47pounds, a little pricey, but really a nice evening out.	
Apr 30 2007 	Would Not Go Back!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the hotel. Certainly would not stay here again. We had booked a club room, took one look at it and walked out again, the floor boards squeaked and groaned as soon as you walked over them, really noisy! The bathroom still had hairs lying around the toilet! We went down to the reception to ask for another room, they apologised and then upgraded us to an executive suite. This room was a lot larger, still wasn't anything whow! Carpets and furniture were very worn as well. The breakfast at the hotel was okay nothing great though. Went down at 10.20am on sunday morning and there was hardly anything left. The only good thing I can say about the hotel was that the bed was very comfortable.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great Hotel	We stay in London hotels 1 or 2 times a year and normally end up in a very cramped room because we're on a budget. Needed a bit more space and comfort this time as now have a 4 month old baby but money tighter than ever! We booked this through lastminute.com as a 'top secret' hotel but I'd been looking at a lot of hotels and was quite confident from the description this was the one we were booking. Paid £156.00 for two nights.Reception staff were great - efficient but very chatty and friendly so made us feel very welcome. Room was large - plenty of floor space even with a travel cot - and clean. Decorated in a traditional ratherthan contemporary style. Bathroom was decent. Didn't hear any noise, either from other rooms or outside. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 5 2007	fantastic london hotel	Ihave to take this oppurtunity to write a review about this hotel. i came up to london for a weekend away with my mum, i chose this hotel because of the location and the other reviews we had read on trip advisor!! very handy site!!! We were not dissopointed, on arrival we were promptley checked in and also given a free room upgrade!! The room was beautiful, very spacious, clean throughout and the beds were incredibly comfy and came with a duvet!!. The staff were all friendly and very helpful and when asked the where abouts of certain locations gave more than helpful advice and even gave us a map which contained all the major sites and shops!!! What more could 2 ladies want!!! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a bit of luxury in a fab location at a good price. So much so that my mum and i are planning our next trip upto london!!!	
Apr 4 2007 	Loved it !!!	Booked via lastminute.com and had a brilliant stay - the room was spacious, clean and comfortable and just as described. Large bathroom with bath and shower was spotlessly clean, with fresh towels left each day.Very convenient for the Tube, and the wonderful museums, nearby. Had an excellent time and it was certainly good value for money.Front of house staff - where polite and efficient. The lounge was lovely with lots of period atmosphere- it was like stepping back to a bygone era. Used a local cafe as featured in one of the reviews (next to the cleaners) and it was wonderful, build your own breakfast for 2 came to £7.50 including coffees -superb value !!!!!!!!!!!Will definitely use this hotel again, if I ever return to this part of Kensington - loved it !!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 3 2007	Not wonderful	I stayed at the Bailey's recently for a few nights. I have to say that I prefer modern hotels, so Bailey's was never really going to be a hit with me. Even so, I was not particularly impressed. My room was a reasonable (not huge) size, but the furnishings looked tired. One of the chairs in the room was so shabby and grubby that I was a bit reluctant to sit on it. The bathroom was large by modern standards, and even on an upper floor there was a decent flow of water through the (slightly rusty) showerhead.However, there was a problem with the sink draining. If I turned on either tap and left it for a while, the sink would overflow. I reported this to reception in the morning when I left and they promised to take a look at it. When I came back that evening, nothing had changed. This fitted in with my overall impression of the place - a bit tired, and a bit in need of attention.Please don't read this as meaning that Bailey's is a terrible hotel. It certainly isn't. It's just not very good, and the hotel market in London is so crowded that it falls down compared to most of the other places I have used.	
Mar 25 2007 	Another Enjoyable Stay	We've chosen Bailey's on our last 2 trips because we love the location and the hotel. On this trip , even though we had booked thru Londontown and gotten an excellent rate, we were very pleased to be welcomed by the Guest Relations rep., Diane, and told since we were repeat customers and were staying 9 nights she had upgraded us to a Club room with full breakfast.We were pleasantly surprised by the room, at least 400 sq.ft. and nicely furnished. As always it was spotlessly clean and more than comfortable. The duvets were far superior to those I have at home and I will be replacing mine!We have always found the staff to be very pleasant and efficient. I have never passed a member of staff that I have not been greeted with a smile and a welcome.The breakfast is extensive and good. The dishes are frequently replaced and kept fresh. Even the continental breakfst is more than adequate.Guests are also given a discount in the bars and restaurants associated with the hotel. The tube and bus connections, the nearby shops and services make this an ideal place for new visitors to London or to old hands.	
Mar 21 2007	Only 1 Night But Very Enjoyable	Stayed in the hotel on an overnight business trip in February. Great area, with the Tube station right next door making sure all of London was reachable (you need the Circle &amp; Picadilly Lines for getting around the best bits of town). Staff are excellent, providing me with a new room just because the internet wasn't working too well. The rooms themselves are exquisite and very big. Plenty of restaurants and bars in the neighbourhood so you've got plenty of choice.	
Mar 17 2007 	Great Place	I've stayed at the Millenium Bailey on a number of occasions and its great for the price. Spotlessly clean at all times. The rooms I've stayed in have varied from extremely spacious to average sized. The decor is lovely and the beds comfortable. Its well located right opposite Gloucester Road tube station. The last time I stayed though, I did have a problem with the shower temperature - or lack of temperature. The hotel bar is lovely - fairly expensive though - and if you want a drink late on, it tends to get very busy and you may find you can't get a seat. The local area is ok - at least 3 or 4 decent restaurants - try the organic restaurant just down the road - very nice food. The pub across the road is a little run down, but great for a cheap (ish) drink. Average prices for the hotel are £90 - £115 a night - you can do a whole lot worse for your money in London!	
Mar 15 2007	3rd Great Stay	This was our third stay at Baileys, this time for 8 nights. We always book a club room which, for the small increase in price makes all the difference regarding space in the room (sofa, armchair and large coffee table)and bathroom(with large windows). There was a small plumbing problem from the room above, but the hotel staff responded immediately and were very helpful. Having read some of the negative reviews I can only say from experience &quot;treat as you wish to be treated&quot; and &quot;you gets what you pays for&quot;. Thanks again Baileys for another great visit, see you in the summer!	
Mar 12 2007	Very good experience!!!	We stayed at Bailey's for our 15th anniversary. Our online booking process didn't allow for requesting a non-smoking room, and sure enough when we got there we'd been assigned a smoking room. The front desk person was not only very gracious about reserving the next available non-smoking room for us, but upgraded us to a club room when she learned we were in town for our anniversary. The room was great, and the double we saw would have been fine too. We found all staff to be courteous; the decor and cleanliness of the hotel was very good. I like feeling like I'm somewhere other than the US when I travel, so the fact that it didn't look like a US hotel was a plus for me. The high ceilings and traditional art and decor were a constant reminder that we were in London. Floors squeak in old buildings! We also had perfectly good service from the consierge, who got us tickets to see Wicked. The guest services manager was also available, gave good suggestions, and seemed sincerely interested that we enjoy our stay.We found the Malaysian restaurant others have referred to (it's part of another Millenium hotel very nearby) and agree that it's excellent. We also loved a tapas restaurant called Ten Tables a few blocks away, and a steakhouse called The Green Door about a block away. We agree that the hotel bar is extremely expensive. Unfortunately, the pub across the street was way too smoky and crowded, so we found the bar at The Green Door a welcome alternative. As others have commented, the location is terrific. I would definitely return to Bailey's.	
Mar 5 2007	Loved the hotel and location	We have stayed in at least 6 London hotels in various locations over the years and this had the best overall location. The hotel had &quot;old world&quot; charm which is what we go to Europe for. The stained glass windows along the wrought iron stairway made one feel like old England. Yes, the floors squeeked in spots and the plumbing was dated but worked fine in our large bathroom. Our room on the 5th floor was also plenty large, bed comfortable, furniture English hotel style, just fine.The front desk staff was fine when we were around. The reservation manager, Patrick Graham, helped so much when it was found our friends from Leeds coming for the weekend had no internet reservation because they had neglected to end their confirmation properly when making it. We had a 6th night free package booked with our travel agent which included breakfast and made the price very reasonable for a London hotel. The surrounding pubs, grocery stores, a charity shop, bakery, fast food place and restaurants, etc. couldn't have been handier and the 3 tube lines at Gloucester Rd made things complete. When we go back to London we will stay there againGoldig	
Feb 28 2007 	very poor experience	february 18th.2007.Arrived at the hotel at 3pm to find that the rooms were not ready.We were told by the surly looking staff that they would be ready in about 5 minutes but took close to half an hour.When we did get to the rooms the trays from the previous occupants were still outside from breakfast!The rooms were small,very dark and shabby and the bathrooms in dire need of renovation.The air con/heating unit was so loud we could not sleep.Tried to turn it off but wouldn't switch off.Next morning went down for breakfast to be met by more surly looking staff.Decided to leave straight from breakfast.On checking out asked the receptionist how to pay the london congestion charge and was given no help at all.I was told that I would be sent a bill through the post.This I did,but for a late penalty charge of £50!!All in all a very poor stay.Maybe they give airmiles clients the worst rooms but this was definitely not a 4 star hotel by a long shot.NEVER AGAIN.	
Feb 28 2007 	teeny tiny itsy bitsy room	Stayed here in Sept 2006. Needed a hotel for 2 nights in the middle of my 10 day stay in London and got a decent rate directly from the hotel website. I agree with all other posts in that the hotel has a great location next to the tube, the lobby is charming, and the staff was friendly.  My only warning would be booking a single, I paid $190 USD for a room with a twin bed, I knew that going in but was not prepared for the shoebox they gave me. I could barely squeeze in the door with my luggage and once in there I literally could touch opposite walls of my room without taking a step. My luggage had to sit in the doorway as it was the only place where there was enough floor space to put my suitcase. I had to step over it everytime I entered and left. It was just overall a very depressing and confining space and I would not wait to check out.Not a total disaster but I think you could do better in this price range.	
Feb 21 2007	Disastrous Hotel	In the spirit of fairness I'll start with the nice things:-right in front of centrally located tube-cool old buildingThat's about it though. This was one of my worst stays ever in London and pretty bad value for money. I even got sick!-The room was tiny and claustrophobic. I felt horrible in the room and really hated spending time there. Furnishings were average to bad.-The staff provide HORRIBLE service and do not speak english in general. This harmed me twice. The first time I asked them three times to take away the feather pillows in my room (I am allergic). They did not understand and when they finally brought pillows they were feather again. I didn't notice until the next day at which point I had a raging allergy attack that got me sick for the rest of my trip. Another example was when I asked them to send a fax. I asked about the fax for the next few days but noone knew what had happened. Finally , two days later they found the fax 'confirmation' which said that it had failed. when i pointed it out to them they staff didn't understand what I was saying and just shrugged.There are much better hotels in this price rage. I stayed at the Guoman Cumberland for about the same price the next few nights and had a tremendous stay in a much nicer room.	
Feb 14 2007 	Good for price	Stayed one night at the Bailey Millennium after a 3 night stay in Oxford. Was happy with the location of the hotel given that it's literally right across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station. My main objective for my short stay was to visit the Tate Modern as well as checking out some shopping around Soho and Knightsbridge (Harrod's). Being on three tube lines, Gloucester Road proved to be a supremely convenient home base. The only time that its location proved less than satisfactory was late in the evening as most restaurants and pubs were closed. However, there is a nice and relatively clean 24hr Tesco express across the street for those late night munchies.As for the hotel itself -- Check in was rather painless. Although the staff had rather thick E.European accents, they were friendly and helpful. The room, I stayed in a single on the 4th floor, was small, but then again it was a single. The room was somewhat dark but had a warm and cozy feel despited the dated and worn decor. The bed was ok -- kind of lumpy and had a noticeable dip in the middle. The bathroom was huge and probably the size of the bedroom. All said, a pretty excellent deal for London.	
Feb 11 2007	Great Hote Great Location and Price	This is a great hotel, traditional London Hotel. The rooms are among the largest you can get in London. The rates are unbelievable for London. Book the Club room with breakfast, you cannot beat the price. The location is fantastic, it is right next to the tube station. You can walk to Knightsbridge in 10 minutes. I have stayed in many London hotels and this one is one of the best. The bathrooms are bit too small, but you are in London! The only warning is DO NOT make calls from the hotel room locally or otherwise, you can get hit with a huge phone bill. Many great restaurants within few minutes walking distance. One I recommend is La Bouchee (make reservations) this place is full all the time.HN Houston, Texas	
Feb 6 2007 	Great stay I'll go back!	I was extremely apprehensive about booking a hotel in London after looking at over 60 properties on the internet and then checking their respective reviews on Trip Advisor. It seemed that most hotels in my price range (approx $150/night US) got a 50/50 review: half the people hated the place and the other half didn't. When I stumbled on the Millenium Bailey's I was surprise by the overwhelmingly positive reviews. Much to my pleasure, they turned out to be true. My friend and I enjoyed our 7 night stay. We were fortunate enough to receive the largest room on the 5th floor (judging from the emergency exit floor plan on the door) in the front of the building. No noise from the street (double windows), all the amenities (safe, ironing board, soaps, shampoo, coffee, stocked bar, sitting area) we needed, and a great location.We had no problems with the elevators or staff. The room was in good condition (nice) and the bathroom was clean. The maid spruced up the room and refilled everything to our satisfaction every day.The Tube, a French bakery named Paul (a chain, but the food and pastries are fantastic), a Tesco (well stocked market) and a bank (HSBC) are all across the street from the hotel.For the sake of fairness I'll throw in a few digs, but truthfully I feel like I'm being petty. Our bathroom didn't have a window or fan to air it out and the floors creaked when you walked on them. Also, judging from the fire escape floor plan of the building it looks like most of the rooms are fairly small, but that's typical of most small, older hotels in London so it should be expected.And lastly, I was looking for history and charm and the Millenium Bailey's had plenty of it. The lobby is nice with a beautiful stairwell that winds up to the 5th floor.Cheers!	
Feb 3 2007 	Nice place well located in London	Location: Gloucester Road. accross from the Tube station. Very convenient. Direct to Heathrow and Victoria Station (Gatwick Express).A few restaurants on site, as well as in the enighborhood. Also, Waitrose (supermarket is opposite the street which is convenient for small snacks)The best place remains Paul, a french bakery on the other side of the street. Great croissants, brioches and french sandwiches. Highly recommended. Hotel: Nice entrance, not too flashy. Maybe a bit small when they get groups. Elevator: the sticky point: there are three, but I seem to always have the middle one which also means that the other two were maybe not working. The wait was somewhat long, even though it's only 5 floors. My room was on the 5th floor and I preferred taking the stairs. Good exercise!I couldn't locate the exercise room by the way (if there is one). Room:On the 5th floor, overlooking the Tube station. No noise from the street thanks to double windows.Good space, nice bed, large bathroom, all in working order. TV, desk and side chair with small table. Amenities also includes Iron, valet dresser, safe. The bed was nice although a bit dated (mattress seemed to have a bump in the middle). Other:Internet connection. since my room was towards the street, I was able to pick up an internet hotspot from T-mobile. There was also one from BTonline. Rooms in the back may have to rely on the hotel internet service, which is a wire on the desk. A bit old fashion these days. But not terribly problematic.A good place, reasonably priced and convenient. PS: The Millennium Gloucester is right around the corner (but on Harrington Road I believe) which makes things somewhat confusing.	
Jan 28 2007	Good could be better	Two of us stayed two nights at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel, each in our own single room and overall it was a positive experience. The location of the hotel, especially being across the street from the Tube station is great. There are lots of restaurants and shops in the area as well. The single rooms are very small, but they were nicely decorated and comfortable. The rooms were also nicely eqipped, minibar, ironing board, etc. Staff were friendly. The rate for a London hotel was reasonable. On the downside my room, at least, showed some signs of neglect. The only shelf in the bathroom was a glass shelf that lacked, well, glass. This made it's utility as a shelf nonexistent. Notifying the desk did not produce a shelf during my stay. A cupboard door lacked a knob, and an electric outlet appeared to be damaged. Except for the shelf none of these things was an inconvenience, but they were noticeable in a hotel with somewhat elegant pretensions. We ate at &quot;Olives,&quot; one of the hotel's restaurants. The decor was nice and the food was very good. It was also very expensive, perhaps a bit more expensive than either the food or decor merited. Overall it was a comfortable place at a reasonable price (dinner aside) to stay for a couple nights on a nontourist trip. Given the location I'd would recommend the hotel, but suggest modest expectations.	
Jan 22 2007 	Good hotel	My husband and I have just returned from a stay here for the weekend. The location is excellent. Walk out of the tube station and there you are. The hotel itself is really nice and our room was of a good size with a wonderfullty comfortable King size bed. The hotel is quite expensive but then you are paying for location but equally there are deals to be had if you do not book with the hotel directly (we used hotels.com) Breakfast was included for us and the breakfast was good but if you are paying for it then you would be better off eating outside the hotel as it is expensive. As with all London hotels the drinks in the bar are very expensive, this hotel has a pub just opposite which is about half the price of the hotel for a sprit and mixer £8 in the hotel, £3.50 in the pub. The hotel bar is very nice though and if you want a quiet drink with no crowds then paying the extra may be worth it to you.Overall a great hotel which was only let down by some staff who although not rude could not be excused of being friendly.	
Jan 17 2007 	Just "ok" hotel	It was a good hotel but not great. The staff were really nice and helpful except the room service staff was a bit rude. The room was old, the bathroom floor were craking, some of them even broken. The floor in the room made lots of noise when we walked because it was old wooden floor. Our room's heater was broken and got fixed. Overall It was ok room, if you stay only couple of days, but I would not book this hotel again in the future just because the room is so old. They really need renovation for the hotel.	
Jan 17 2007 	Stay in London a lot for work and this is one of my favorite	I probably stay in a London hotel every couple of weeks for work and sometimes pleasure, and this hotel is one of my all time favorites (I have a short list of about 6, and a very long long list of not so good places). Though Canadian, I've lived in Britain long enough to not complain about heating, hot water taps and the like, but even if I wasn't used to the infrastructure/cultural differences this hotel would still shine. I often access online web deals for hotels but I was so surprised by the good value this time 'round I took a picture of the room to show my partner back in Cornwall. The staff are excellent, the lounge/bar has very nice decor, can't speak for breakfast as the french patisserie across the street is first rate. Convenience is 2nd to none (the tube really is the way to get around if you're in london and you could spit on it from the steps of the hotel (ok, maybe not, others might not appreciate). Also in near spitting distance is a fantastic Malay/Singaporean restaurant, literally attached to the hotel so about 100 ft up the cross street. I've eaten here now on 3 separate visits to London, even when not staying at the hotel, and the food is super. If you stay in this hotel in London consider yourself lucky.	
Jan 16 2007 	Excellent hotel	Really impressed with this hotel. Our room was very spacious, room service was excellent, as were the staff,Location is brilliant for shopping/touring, and is classy.Only minor complaint was breakfast could have been hotter!! Will stay again.	
Jan 13 2007 	superb	Upon arrival we were greeted and offered a glass of mulled wine, this was late December so coming in from the cold,this was much appreciated,a really warm welcome.The receptionist muttered something about taking our visa number in case we wanted any addons,which we didn't completely understand,as we normally pay after we have bought something and are satisfied with it,but she didn't venture to explain,rather told us to forget about it. We thought the lobby was beautiful,huge Christmas tree etc. really nice.So we lugged our bags into the elevator and up to the second floor.The place was spotlessly clean,we noticed on the suprisingly long hike to our room.Upon arrival we found the room to be very nice,spacious and clean.The bed had no duvet,as seems to be the norm these days,so we were slightly concerned about the coldness of the room and the aircon didn't seem to work.The bathroom was also clean but had a slightly wierd plumbing system(the shower head was weak but the second one attached to the taps was great,but had no holder)This would be fine if you could have bath,but the bath had some kind of rough pads so you wouldn't slip in the shower,and these pads were a bit mucky,so I didn't really want to sit on them.Anyways,to have a good shower you had to hold the best shower head in one hand and clean yourself with the other,not impossible but a little awkward.(picky...moi?)So on our way out,I mentioned our room was a little cold and we couldn't work out the heating system,and the man said he would look into it.When we got back the room was boiling!...so they had fixed it really good,and quick too.It was too hot for a duvet and we slept really great.Hard to open the window,but it is possible with perseverance.In general the decor was slightly short of absolute perfection,but really nice and well done.(I wasn't expecting perfection).So you can get cleaned up,have a good sleep,there is lots of the usual facilities,coffee,trouser press yadayadayada.The best thing is the location,within stumbling distance of the tube,in one of the only areas of London I feel completely safe at night.I mean it,it's really convenient.Cabs right outside too,and supermarkets,couple of restaraunts,a pub...I fully recommend it,there's a lot of really crap hotels in London,but if you're looking for something reasonably priced,in a safe central location,with spacious rooms and helpful staff,well,this is what I would recommend,based on my personal experience.In this price range,it has to one of the better ones.	
Jan 9 2007 	Excellent hotel in excellent location	I was at Bailey's from January 1st to January 5th, 2007 Excellent location, close by metro station, restaurants, coffe shops, and few block s from Victoria Albert Museum. Spacious room, clean and well equipped. The personel is kind and very helpful. I strongly reccomend this Hotel.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great concierge	Very well placed. The reception staff were above average in helpfulness, the concierge in particular. However, the room was tired and needed redecorating. The bathroom needed updating the shower did not work and the grouting and bath surrounds were dirty and cracked. .	
Jan 3 2007 	Good Position bit dissapointing	Just returned from a 2 night New year stay to celebrate our 25th.The hotel is in a good position and the reception is warm and welcoming. The double bedroom was next to a service elivator so extreamly noisy and all the floor boards through the hotel creak all hours of the day and night.(so not much sleep) we ordered room service and it was cold and the salad was disgusting. The breakfast was dried up and the staff were running round and not overly pleasant. However the reception staff were nice and the bar area is inviting and although expensive nice to relax after a day sightseeing.A bit dissapointing that a hotel with 4 * in our own Country does not compare to a 3* in Asia.	
Jan 2 2007	Great Pre-Christmas Stay at Bailey's	I stayed at the Millenium Bailey's for three nights just before Christmas and found this a perfect hotel for my single traveler needs. Located just steps from the Gloucester Road underground station (Circle, District and Piccadilly lines), all of London is readily accessible from this hotel. The hotel itself has a fine lobby that during my stay was furnished with a beautifully decorated tree within the well of a grand staircase. The reception and security staff were friendly and wonderfully helpful. The upper story hallways and my single room had relatively new carpets and wall coverings, and the room and ensuite bath were well furnished and extremely comfortable. Mine was an interior room on the next-to-top floor that looked onto an inner court (or spacious airshaft, depending on your perspective) and so was well-lit and airy. I was initially concerned because my room was adjacent to the lift shafts and Bailey's three lifts, otherwise perfectly fine, have doors that, on my floor at least, had a tendency to slam. But once inside my room I couldn't hear a thing. Pre-Christmas week was clearly low season for Bailey's. In fact, other than in the lobby I neither saw nor heard any other guests. My stay was during the freezing fog that caused the three-day cancellation of domestic flights at Heathrow. The front desk assured me that if I couldn't get out there'd be no problem extending my stay because even with the reflux of passengers back into London from the airport, they'd still have plenty of rooms available.My Expedia reservation didn't include breakfast, but there's no dearth of breakfast places in the area. Overall, this is a conveniently located, well-maintained and very comfortable Victorian-style hotel. Next time I'll bring the family.	
Jan 1 2007	Nice Hotel in a nice area	I've stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for one night just before the Xmas Holidays. It was his first London Trip and we really enjoyed it. The Reception was decorated with a beautiful Xmas Tree. I have to say that we really enjoyed it although the bathroom was not really like I imagine for a 4 stars Hotel. The Room was very clean. We had a lovely breakfast in the main living room. Regarding the location, it's a little bit far from the Center of London but quite close to the Natural Museum and Harrods but still quite near if you use the Tube (the Metro Station is just in front of the hotel). It is still a nice hotel in a quiet area of London. The staff was very professional, kind and nice. In conclusion I would recommend it ..... Well if you go there ENJOY .... Cheers ... C.	
Dec 31 2006 	Spotless Hotel; Great Service!	Last spring I achieved a life-long goal of going to London. It was a last-minute decision so I was understandably nervous booking a hotel and knowing nothing about it. The hotel is in a perfect location (right next to a tube station AND across the street from Starbuck's and Paul's, a wonderful French bakery - line up early for your breakfast pastry), and the hotel staff could not have been more pleasant, polite or helpful. The room was so clean that there wasn't even any dirt in the corners on the bathroom floor - you can't say that about most hotels in the U.S. You can ride the tube or walk to places like the Victoria and Albert Museum, Harrod's, Hyde Park, and Kensington Palace.I was so pleased with this hotel that I'll be staying here again for a week in March, 2007.	
Dec 5 2006 	Loved Bailey's Millennium	Bailey's Millennium is perfectly located. There are numerous restaurants nearby, as well as the British Musuem and Kensington/Hyde Parks. The rooms are immaculate, the staff very friendly and helpful, and ammenities such as coffee/tea service in the room very helpful. The breakfast is excellent, as well as the on-site restaurant. A major advantage is the Underground that is located on the opposite corner and a mall containing a great grocery store, pharmacy, and Italian restaurant. We have stayed in this hotel on two different occasions and in the future would choose this hotel over any other in London.	
Dec 2 2006 	Excellent value for money	I stayed at this Hotel during August for a three night stay and would highly recommend it. We booked a flight and hotel package with expedia and it worked out to be approx 75 GBP per night. The room and bathroom was spotless clean and large by London standards. Location is great we used the big bus tour two days out of three the stop is right outside the hotel as is the underground which made it a breeze getting from Heathrow. There was not one negative about this hotel check in was quick, front desk held our luggage until our room was ready. We were due to fly out of Heathrow on the morning of August 10th which was the same day as the terror threats due to our flights being cancelled we were stuck in London. Front desk let us check out late at no extra charge 1pm so we could make other travel arrangements trying to get to Manchester. I would recommened this hotel especially if you are going to be exploring all of central London.	
Nov 27 2006 	Extremely useful staff clean and reliable hotel with charm	We stayed for two nights on Nov 25, 2006.Having arrived to the hotel with my guests I discovered that I booked the hotel on the Internet for December not for November by mistake. I had no reservations, it was Thanksgiving holiday and all London’s hotel was completely booked including this one. I asked for help and the reception staff has managed to find for me two rooms and they even charged me a discount price like I booked it via Internet. They also had the rooms ready before the check-in time.The single rooms were small, but acceptably small and perfectly clean. One of the rooms happened to be noisy, very small and hot. I complained next day and immediately got free upgrade to a larger double room without any problems.The hotel has an old English charm. The food in restaurant is good, the location is great - walking distance to the Hyde park and Museums and Royal Albert Hall. One hundred meters to the Gloucester street tube station with direct link to Heathrow and other central London areas.The reception staff was very kind and helpful, especially young men at the reception, they were outstanding.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 29 2006 	Not the best but great location	We have just returned from a two night trip to London. We went just to see some of the museums which we hadn't seen for years so location was the key factor. Hotel was reasonable but the room was very small and as one other review mentioned, lights were needed at any time of the day. The rooms were spotlessly clean but in need of care and attention as far as repairs and decoration were concerned. Having said all of this, the location was great, right opposite the tube station and within easy walking distance of a lot of the museums. The reception staff were helpful and as we stayed a Friday and Saturday night advised us not to pay for two nights parking next door at the Millenium Gloucester but to park outside from 1.30 on the Saturday as it was free from that time until Monday at 8.oo a.m. This saved us £30 in parking fees. Cafe/Restaurant opposite the tube station is great for breakfast and very cheap compared to the hotel. Good restaurants nearby are Bugis St (part of the Millenium Gloucester) which is Singapore/Chinese and a good Italian at the top of Gloucester Rd. OK the hotel is not brilliant but not bad for the money but location is great	
Oct 26 2006	A decent but somewhat disappointing hotel	My husband and I recently stayed for five nights at the Millenium Bailey's hotel. It was our first trip to London and though it's a three-plus star hotel, we understood that the European rating system is somewhat different than the US.The location was right across the street from the Gloucester Rd Underground station -which was very convenient! However, we were disappointed by the lack of quality restaurants in the area. And in hindsight might have been better situated in the Notting Hill neighborhood for its character and charm.The room itself was small, but large enough for two people. The bed was comfortable and the air conditioning worked great, as did the filter to make it a non-smoking room. The room was cleaned and tidied every day, and the room safe was secure. Additionally, we arrived early and they were able to provide us with a room. The glaring negative of the room was the bathroom...the shower curtain did not wrap all the way around the tub/shower and it was impossible to avoid drenching the entire bathroom. Also, the tub shower was set so high it was difficult to get into, and the feature of a heated towel rack that could not be turned off made it a dangerous combination! ouch! Also, while we were able to check in early the bathroom was not well-cleaned.The staff is courteous, but not very friendly. We typically like to take advantage of the expertise of hotel concierge, but found the staff unhelpful in identifying restaurants and insider tips. And, the deciding factor to never staying there again or recommending the hotel happened towards the end of our stay. On the only day it rained, we left in the late morning to grab some pastries for breakfast, as there was no room to sit in the cafe, we brought the pastries back to the hotel and found the housekeeper in our room, - ruling out that option, we returned to the lobby. While there was no one sitting in the lobby the hotel guest services staff would not let us eat in the lobby as the food was not purchased in the hotel. I thought this lack of customer service - sending guests out into the rain (literally) was beyond rude.	
Oct 21 2006 	Great Stay	I stayed at this hotel with my 13 year old son, on a sight seeing trip, for 7 nights. I booked with superbreak.com, (amazingly this sight will let children, under 16 stay at HALF PRICE, when only 1 adult was in the booking, at selected hotels. At most sights I have to pay for 2 adults ) I paid about £500 for 7 nights.I arrived at 3pm, and things didn't go well. There was some confusion at the desk, and I had to wait on the sofa for 15mins. When I got the keycard, it didn't work, but a nice lady sorted it and we got into a HUGE ROOM. I have never stayed in a larger room, and infact the bathroom was bigger than some rooms I've stayed in. I looked at the fire plan on the door, it showed the floor plan of the first floor, and we had the biggest room on the floor, but on the plan, it seemed most rooms were good, but a couple were small.Decore in the room was very good. Nice quality, with desk, minibar, etc. (minibar really expensive). Air conditioning was the best I've ever had in UK . The bathroom was huge, but needing an upgrade. It was fine, but needed new paint and fittings.Breakfast was in a lovely room. It had very good service, and there was no queue for a table. The food was a really great buffet selection (I had full english) My only niggles; the tables were squeezed a little too close to the buffet,the tea was too weak, and the coffee too strong, as I said niggles.Location; Fantastic, just across the road from the tube, tesco supermarket, KFC, chip shop.Overall, maybe I was lucky with the size of the room, but I didn't find the place worn-out. The hotel didn't seem very busy, so my advise is, if you get a small room, ask for another.	
Oct 13 2006	Location location location	If you're looking for a good base, conveniently priced, this place is pretty good. A nice hotel, nice staff, BRILLIANT location.I only had one, well two, slight problems - the room was miniscule, but it's all I needed as I was out and about most of the time. The second problem may have been particular to my wee room but I doubt it - I felt very sorry for the people in the room below me as the floorboards in my room were noiser than a great big noisy thing on national noisy day. Any step at any point on the approx 10sq ft of floor led to squeals and sqweeks, moans and groans of the boards. Apart from that, it was a great base, handy for everything. I was traveling alone and felt very safe in the local area.	
Oct 4 2006	Bailey Millenium; Value and location	I'm in the Bailey Millenium Bar as I write this review. The Hotel is literally outside the Tube in Gloucester Rd. so location is perfect. It is an old hotel, but built before space became a premium. I was upgraded to a Club Room which is huge....20X20 feet. The hotel is a fading beauty....looking like it needs a few million spending on it. The carpets are shabby, the doors on the cupboards in the room do not close properly....the ceiling tiles look cheap, the Internet broadband in the room does not work, which is why I am typing this in the bar.. The bathroom is big and classic...no complaints here...in fact the hotel is spacious and comfortable and convenient. If it had been recenlty renovated, rooms would be another £50 more expensive...so you get what you pay for. A fading beauty, fraying aound the edges, but good value for money in a great location and first class customer service..	
Oct 4 2006 	So so......	We stayed in this hotel in Sept 06. We arrived around 12ish and while the receptionist was efficient, she was very abrupt and did not make us feel welcome; after checking in we asked if we could go up to the room, she stated that check in was at 2:00 and to come back around 1:30 or 2:00. While I fully understand that we were earlier that the checking time and our room might not be ready, I think the manner in which we were told was rude and made us feel quite uncomfortable. In saying that, later in the afternoon, the reception staff changed and they were very courteous and really nice, but first impressions count.The room was quite spacious but incredibly dark and had to have the lights on all the time, the view from our window was straight to a concrete wall, so one can say no much of a view! The carpet was definitely faded and did not feel like walking bare foot, so I was glad that I packed slippers from another hotel. Our room was just opposite the service entrance and we have been travelling all day the previous day and that morning and were exhausted; tried to go for a nap but it was quite difficult, (noise from bagging trolleys, slamming doors and staff talking loudly to each other,) and we ended up giving up. The bathroom was quite airy and light in contrast to the bedroom and the view was quite nice from the bathroom window. However the shower was position were the window was and kept spilling over the window and the curtains.I have stayed in better hotels for the price and while we got a nice discount via LondonTown, I would've been really annoyed for what we got if we would paid the full price.	
Sep 26 2006 	A little rough around the edges	Fantastic location, with the Gloucester Rd tubestation across the street for easy access to the rest of London (and Heathrow airport). Very nice neighbourhood.Beautiful décor, helpful staff, smooth check-in and check-out. Room was ready when I arrived (at 11am).Had some trouble finding the room (529), but once there found it to be spacious, with a spacious bathroom (with bath). Internet-access, large closet, airconditioning. A little welcome-note on the TV when you come in. Coffee/tea making facilities cleverly hidden away in a cupboard. Some downpoints: windows couldn’t be opened. In-room safe was broken (so had to leave my valuables with the front-desk). TV lists many satellite-channels, but many of them didn’t work (and no CNN or CNBC what’s that all about?). Only 1 chair in a double room. Only the “High” and “Off” options on the airco worked, “Medium” and “Low” didn’t. Airco is in a sort of box jutting out into the room, with the underside showing signs of leakage and with paint flaking off. Walls are very thin (I could hear the people in the next room talking –“talking”, mind, nót “shouting”!), and there’s a lot of noise coming in from the corridor. (If you’re a light sleeper: bring your earplugs.) Nevertheless a pleasant stay. Public areas of the hotel are definitely 4-star, but the rooms need a little updating, thus slightly overpriced.	
Sep 15 2006 	Better than Expected Quirky Affordable Charm--Best Locale to Sightsee	My husband and I stayed here in March 2006 during a typical late Winter week in London and had such a delightful time, much of it due to the convenience and charm of this lovely hotel.This is not a modern hotel, so for those of you looking for sleek modernity, you need not come. But, for those looking for a place to stay that FEELS like London, looks like London and is charming as all get out, then this is the place to stay.Our room was just as advertised, clean and comfortable with no super-bells and whistles, but attractive nonetheless. That being said, after perusing this site extensively, we found the hotel to be surprisingly better than we had anticipated. We expected something really basic and got a lot of quirky old-world charm. This hotel has the oldest elevator in London, so they say. Neat.Its location is absolutely essential to the London experience, so that you can walk and jet about on the Tube with ease. Get the week pass so you can go everywhere on a reasonable budget and make sure to do the Jack the Ripper Tour (yes, we thought it sounded ultra-touristy cheesy-weesy, but guess what? It was FUN). Avoid Madame Tussaud's-overpriced and not that super. After living in London for four years of my life and coming back after not visiting for ten years, I was a little (only a little) taken aback by the prices, but it is still such a wonderful city, it is absolutely worth the trip. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.Cheers!	
Aug 29 2006	Great Hotel Comfortable and Convenient!	This hotel was so wonderful. I was worried about what I would find behind the door of Room 419 at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel, but what I found was a spacious room with all the comforts anyone could ask for. Of course, anyone can pick apart a hotel. This hotel was in an old building, and there were little things such as worn carpet on the steps, and dark hallways, however, the comfortable room we stayed in made up for those things. The lifts were always quick, yet they were small, they were big enough for about 3 people, however, there were 3 lifts, and a beautiful square staircase you could use if you didn’t like the lifts. In the room was a comfortable double bed with cushy pillows and a fluffy comforter. A large bathroom with a towel warmer awaited us and a nice shower. We had our very own refrigerator which was stocked with drinks the hotel provided (for a fee) but I opted to visit the market which was next to the Underground to purchase my drinks, fruits and snacks to keep in the room. There was a coffee/tea maker available, but I ended up visiting the little coffee shop on the corner. The hotel is perfectly situated right across the street from the Gloucester Road Underground. Also in the area were so many choices of places to eat and drink, and as stated earlier, the Waitrose food market was a good place to buy your own choices of fruits and snacks. There was an internet café directly across the street and a Coffee Republica on the corner! You must visit this Coffee shop. I ventured into this coffee shop one morning, and never went anywhere else, because of the wonderful man behind the counter who gave me a lesson on how he made coffee, and he made my coffee for me just the way I liked it, not too strong, and not to weak. Every morning, when I walked in, he would start to make my coffee for me. So you must visit the Coffee Republica on the corner of Gloucester Road by the Bailey’s Hotel. I would not hesitate to recommend this place to anybody lucky enough to be traveling to London. What a wonderful place!	
Aug 24 2006	Huge room - but I think I got lucky!	I had a good stay here - the room was ENORMOUS, but I have spoken to collegues who have also stayed here and I appear to have been the exception to this rule, so if you can, request a big room. The location is fantastic, right opposite the Tube station, bathroom was very small and old-fashioned but with all the bedroom space I didn't care. Only problem was the bed - kingsized (well, I thought it was) was actually 2 singles pushed together with a big split down the middle - not very comfortable so I ended up in virtually a single anyway.	
Aug 23 2006 	Charming hotel in a fantastic location!	I stayed at the Millennium Bailey’s hotel in South Kensington for one week in August 2006 and loved every minute of it! The staff were prompt and efficient, but also unfailingly pleasant at all times. The public areas of the hotel, including the lobby and winding grand staircase, were breathtaking in their Victorian opulence. The space featured ornate crown moldings, wrought iron railings, and original stained glass windows. I reserved a non-smoking Club room which more than met my expectations. The room was huge, clean, comfortable, quiet, and attractive. It also included some of the most robust air conditioning I’ve ever seen--a real delight in the summer since few places in London have it. Finally, the location of this hotel was very convenient. The surrounding neighborhood offered every possible amenity, including restaurants, a grocery store, ATM machines, pharmacy, and internet cafe. The Gloucester Road tube stop was directly across the street and joined the District, Circle and Piccadilly lines, the latter of which went directly to Heathrow airport. As a result, I found that many major sites in London were just 10-20 minutes away. The hotel was also within walking distance of Kensington Gardens, the Royal Albert Hall, and several museums. As Mary Poppins might say, &quot;it’s practically perfect in every way&quot;!	
Aug 14 2006 	A great choice!	I used the reviews of others to select this hotel on my recent trip to London and was quite happy with the result!! This hotel is accurately described as being 3 1/2 stars: sometimes it's a three-star, sometimes it's a four-star. Inconsistency is a good word. It is a beautiful building with an absolutely PERFECT location in beautiful Kensington next to the Gloucester Road tube station. This is its greatest asset in my opinion and I cannot rave enough about the location. The building itself is fairly old but beautiful with a great deal of street appeal. The lobby is also beautiful. The room, number 101 was spacious with a very comfortable king-sized bed and a nice view of Gloucester Road. Huge windows, nice decor, and very comfortable. Downside: thoroughly irritating and terrible shower curtain that attacks you while you shower (ever heard of magnets or a more heavy duty liner?). Room service was poor the first time (order was never received) and great the second (fast with great food). Service at the front desk was great, laundry/maid service was satisfactory, concierge was helpful. Never ate in the restaurants but (see above) tried room service. Price was baked into a package through expedia but I feel their prices are appropriate for the quality of acommodations and service. Overall it was great and I would recommend it to friends and family as a great place to start each day's adventure in the wonderful city of London!	
Jul 18 2006	A great place to stay	Our room was ready early and we were invited to check in early following a long trans-atlantic flight. The lobby is lovely, and the hotel is a lot bigger than it seems. Our room was large for London and the bathroom was huge! And it was not a &quot;club&quot; room; just a regular reservation. We were there in early June and there was an extreme heat wave. Our air conditioning was perfect. The hallways were hot, but so what? We made several requests of housekeeping and they could not have been nicer. All in all, it was an excellent, comfortable stay, and a fabulous location in Kensington, right by the (deep under ground and totally quiet) tube station. Thanks, Bailey's!	
Jun 9 2006	4 star!!!!!!!!!!	Our rooms were small. and one of the rooms was extremely hot and if the window was open all you could hear was the noisy the fans. Service during breakfast was poor, food was good. To cap it all we received a bill when we arrived home for some thing we did not have and they took it out of our card without discussion. it is in a good spot ,right next to a tube station , a little latenight tescos and pubs.	
Jun 5 2006	Only Handy hotel not worth to paid more than £70	Stayed in this hotel in June, very handy location. Hotel is very English style if 10 years ago must a good hotel but not now!!!Because I only paid £50 per night through priceline so can't complaint too much. I understand people paid more than £70 must not too happy. Service very average although I requested the quiet room 2 months ago when I check in the staff not really bother. Next time if I go to London would like stay in Convert Garden area.	
Jun 2 2006	Great Value for London	I stayed 3 nights and paid $120/night (incl tax) through Priceline. The price did not include breakfast, nevertheless this was a fantastic deal for London. I received a very spacious, well appointed (if a tad overused) room with two twin beds along with a very spacious bathroom. Mattress was good and at least one of the pillows was down. Gracious Lobby and helpful staf. As others have mentioned, the location can't be beat as its directly across from the Tube station.The workout facility is in the neighboring hotel. It provides a nice variety of cardio equipment but is only marginal for weight training.My biggest beef was with internet/wi fi..... the hotel was charging extortion rates of 20 pounds per day (nearly $38!). Instead I brought my laptop over to one of the many coffee shops in the area. I've experienced some real dives in London for the same price so this hotel was by far the nicest experience I've had in the city.	
Jun 2 2006	Very ruff around the edges	The location is fantastic - Just across the road from the Tube station at Gloucester Rd! Wonderful.The staff were very good and check in was quick and painless and then off up the grad staircase to find my room (I could see a lift but I guess they must have one?)The carpet on the stairs started to give the hotel away - it was worn through in places and looked a bit shabby and old. It was a sign of things to come.I had seen other peoples pic of the rooms and they looked really big and bright. I booked a single room and when I pused back the door it was like a box room with a bathroom off it - TINY! there was space for the desk, the bed and that was about it! The bathroom was not much bigger and it would have been hard to walk in and close the door behind you without hitting yourself with the door in the process. The room was clean but not very well lit.The kettle was one that needed to be pluged into the wall but there was no plug scoket on that side of the room so I had to use the one under the desk (note under as the lead for the kettle was to short to put it on the desk and reach the plug at the same time).in the bathroom the toilet seat was lose and the top of the tank was cracked and the crack had turned brown from the dirt that had collected in the crack (not a recent thing).For a 4* hotel i was very badly let down. It has all the parts to be a grad hotel and in its day it may well have been but it needs some work doing to get it back up to that level again.	
May 14 2006	Excellent Location	We stayed here for one night in a standard room. The bed was sooo comfortable, although the pillows were stained under the pillow case which was a bit off putting!The bathroom was very small and had a weird smell when we first walked in. The shower wasn't very powerful either and could have done with a clean.!!Location wise this hotel was fantastic, its next door to the tube station (Gloucester Rd) and in a great part of town.The only big problem I found was that we were on the 3rd floor and our room faced the main road, which if you are a light sleeper you would find it hard to get to sleep as it is quite noisy!!The hotel interior is beautiful and the staff are very helpful!	
May 11 2006 	Pretty poor for a 4-star hotel	The Millennium Baileys Hotel is described as a 4-star 'deluxe'... but I'm baffled why!I stayed here on business for two days in May 2006 and found the hotel to be in serious need of renovation. Good points are that the staff are friendly and helpful, and the location is great - right next to a Tube station with good local shops, bars and restaurants.My room on the 5th floor was very musty-smelling and quite unpleasant. Faults included:broken trouser press; no iron; windows couldn't be kept open; grubby bed spread (but sheets were fine); loose electrical connection to bedside lamp; broken TV (kept randomly switching to the hotel's text pages when viewing programs); broken and loose floor tiles in bathroom; peeling wallpaper; and the room was located next to creaky steps in corridor and adjacent to exterior ventilation machinery so was very noisy.Breakfast was fine, but nothing special. Would not stay here again; there are other hotels of a much higher standard in Central London for this price.	
May 2 2006	Great place to stay	Great Location, hotel upgraded room from standard to executive, lovely breakfast, nice dinner. Good deal. We loved staying here for 5 nights!	
Apr 23 2006	great location	Just returned home from a two night stay with friends at the baileys, london. this hotel is in a great location just across the way from the gloucester road tube station which covers three main tube lines, so getting around is not a problem at all... There are plenty of local shops, bars and restaurants nearby, particuliarly recommend the 'green door' bar and restaurant around the corner from the hotel which is really nice.The hotel itself is good, check in check out really efficient, breakfast great, lovely victorian style foyer and nice bar. The rooms are clean and spacious if a little basic :ie no frills for the ladies... and the general decor is a little tired. There is secure parking at the hotel, but peace of mind security wise can be pricey...All in all an average four star hotel but in a fantastic location.....	
Apr 22 2006	Good Value Great Location	A safe choice hotel - you won't be amazed or disappointed. Like many others have said - the location is fantastic, right across the street from the gloucester road station...Double bonus is that the gloucester road station is a good tube location itself for just about everything in London - except tower hill.Room was fine. It was nice to stay in a &quot;real&quot; room for a change and not a cookie cutter hotel room. Floorboards squeaked - felt bad for the people below us. But it made for a fun game - how to move across the room without making the floorboards squeek. Air con. doesn't seem to work too well - but no wonder in such an old hotel. Shower also a bit funky. We have stayed in other &quot;authentic&quot; hotels in London - the kind where you have to climb over the lumpy bed to get into the bathroom designed for micro-midgets. It's not like this here - at least not in our room, and judging by the other reviews our room was pretty standard.We didn't eat at the restaurant - didn't have breakfast included in our room rate. We had breakfast at a little place across the street to the left of Starbucks - I think it had a french name but was run by Indians. Good English breakfast for about 6 pounds. Had beers in the bar one evening and was dissapointed with the selection of beers on tap. A few more british beers would have been nice.We will stay here again. I think we have finally found OUR hotel in London; it is clean, quaint, in a good location, the price is right and it's called the Millenium Bailey's hotel.	
Apr 21 2006	Yeah what's up with the stuffed cat?	Really, the stuffed cat looks real until you give it a good kick. Anyway, the hotel had a room ready though we checked in early, and it was pretty large by whatever London standards are. Don't ask for a rollaway bed unless you really need one, because it will cost you 40 pounds extra to get one for a third person. But the rooms were nice and the staff very helpful. Make sure you know whether or not breakfast is included in the room rate because it's very pricey (16 pounds, I think) but tasty.Friends that were familiar with the hotel referred us, and it is extremely convenient to both the town and to Heathrow. We brought luggage with us and the only issue is that the Picadilly station had stairs that you need to navigate, but otherwise very convenient.Overall a good experience, with a clean room and a nice if dated bathroom. The floors creak but that's not a big deal. The Bombay Brasserie restaurant in the hotel is outstanding. It's also very expensive, but I'd have to say it's one of the more memorable meals I've had in some time.Nearby there are many services, though I'd recommend you pass on the tourist trap restaurants and look for something more interesting. There are countless choices and many are worth the search.	
Apr 17 2006	Nice spot	In London, the Millenium Bailey is a nice place to stay and great value. The tube is directly across the street with three different train lines connecting there, so you are never far from anything. There are several restaurants nearby as well as a 24 hour Tesco, which was very convenient. The room was very nice and staff was very pleasant and helpful. For the money, we were very happy with our stay.	
Apr 13 2006	Great value loved it	My husband and I stayed at the Baileys from March 16th to the 19th 2006. It is steps away, across the street from the Gloucester tube stop. The location is excellent as there is a Tesco, supermarket, Starbucks, and Burger King right across the street. There are also a couple other restaurants and an organic pizza place nearby. It is walking distance to the V&amp;A and Science musuem. The hotel itself is very quaint. The staff were always very helpful and courteous. Our room was on the second floor and we found we had plenty of space. The bathroom had a bath and shower combo and lots of space for toilettries. There is a writing desk and a plasma television as well. Comfortable bed. Location was all in all pretty quite, not much noise from the street. As it is an old building the lift IS very small. If you have lots of luggage like we did you may have to travel to your floor in seperate elevators. Olives bar which is located in the lobby had good snacks and was a nice cozy place to end the evening with a drink. I would definetly stay again.	
Apr 11 2006	Loved it	With so many to pick from, we listened to a friend, luckily. The bed was so comfortable, as well as the pillows, we could hardly get up! The water was hot quickly with a good strong shower head and the bathroom was roomy. (Loved the towel warmer too.) The location was ideal!!! The hotel was attractive and the staff was helpful. The concierge was able to get us great seats for a show that evening. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 9 2006	excellent location well-meaning staff	I stayed here for 1 night.LOCATION: Cannot be beat. It is literally a few steps from the Gloucester Road stop on the Picadilly Line, which you can take directly to and from Heathrow.ROOM: The room was spacious by London standards and decorated in your typical big chain hotel decor. The bathroom was also a decent size.SERVICE: The staff were well-meaning, if not always on top of things. For example, when I checked in, a very eager young man upgraded me to a better room. I really appreciated his friendliness and this gesture. However, in the middle of checking me in, he answered a phone call and I never saw him again. One of his colleagues had to finish checking me in.NEARBY EATERIES: In addition to the hotel restaurant, there are a ton of restaurants and cafes only steps from the hotel, including a Paul bakery, a fish and chips place, an Indian restaurant, a kebabs place, and fast food. Also, a small supermarket is right across the street so you can get bottled water and other drinks easily.	
Apr 5 2006	Great location - Excellent value	My cousin and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in March/April. I booked a package deal on Expedia and spent about $90 per night which I think is an exceptional value for this type of hotel in expensive London.Our room had 2 twin beds (as requested) and was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was very spacious and clean as well. The location was excellent with access to the Picadilly, Circle and District lines. Also, direct access from Heathrow (about a 30 minute journey). Note that until September 2006 if you are arriving/departing terminal 4 you must take a quick, free shuttle bus to Hatton Cross Station as the Heathrow Term 4 tube is closed until then.Only 3 complaints...1) The towels smelled as though they had been stored away for ages but had the same smell everyday.2) The hairdryer was the kind that you have to hold the button on to use - makes styling difficult.3) Our safe was broken so we had to use the safe deposit box at reception - a bit inconvenient.All in all a good stay and I would recommend.	
Apr 5 2006	Attenton Non-Smokers	This hotel is in a great location with the underground across the street and a local market adjacent from it. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I requested a non-smoking room which I did receive.I stayed on the six floor where three rooms were sectioned off. I thought that was kind of strange but realized that these must be the non-smoking rooms. WRONG! My neighbor smoked up a storm (and why not since Europe is a smokers dreamland) I called the front desk and informed them and their reply was &quot;sorry there is nothing we can do&quot;. So the only reason my room was non-smoking was the fact I wasn't smoking in it!!! All in all this was great hotel and would stay there again	
Mar 23 2006	Great value	England is expensive, the subway costs double that of New York, so does the train from the airport, taxis are more than double, gasoline is $6.50 a gallon, so don't expect the same level of luxury for the prices you're used to in the States, but do stay at this charming, friendly, economical hotel, so evocative of all things English. We got a club double from Expedia and the room was huge, the water pressure strong, the bed very comfy. We stayed 5 nights. Yes the floor creaked overhead occasionally, and there was a slight hum from traffic thru the double glazed windows, but so what. All that space, prompt service, internet connection for your laptop, and GREAT location for the Underground, taxis, and services in the neighborhood. And yes, my wife the princess complained about not having designer shops in the neighborhood - this didn't bother me at all! Actually, never mind, I want this place to myself.	
Mar 20 2006	Great Location Above-Average Hotel	My daughter and I just returned from a week at the Millenium Bailey's. The location couldn't be better. It's right across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station, which makes transport to and from Heathrow a snap. There are plenty of stores, restaurants, ATMs, etc. in easy walking distance. Our room was larger than we are accustomed to in European hotels. The bathroom was spacious, if dated. Our room was kept spotless throughout our stay. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. One unpleasant side note that I didn't discover until I returned home was that the hotel charges for toll free phone calls, which I have never encountered while traveling. Since my bill was not ready when I checked out, it was mailed to me as a fait accompli. I was shocked to discover that each toll-free call was charged at 2.50 pounds (about $4.50 USD). This added nearly $100 onto our bill. If you use an international phone card, you're probably better off to go to the nearest phone booth.	
Mar 6 2006	Great for Business and Pleasure	I've stayed in the Baileys a number of times over the last three years and have always found it to be highly satisfactory. The staff are friendly if a bit overwhelemed at busy times. The rooms are comfortable; some are very small but some are large though not particularly trendy. The bar at night is a bit hit and miss for atmosphere. It's the location of this hotel that is it's forte. The tube station is only paces from the front steps and there are plenty of bars shops and pubs in the immediate vicinity. You can walk to Kensington High Street in 7 minutes, Harrods in ten and Hyde Park in less than five. If you intend on being out and about enjoying London or doing a bit of work this is great base	
Feb 28 2006	Bailey's was excellent!!	My son and I stayed at the Millenium Bailey's Hotel 2/17-2/21 and could not have enjoyed the hotel more. Service in the bar,the restaurant and front desk was attentive and cheerful. Our room(519) was much larger than I expected after reading other comments and beautifully decorated and quiet. The tube station being just across the street was a bonus. Excellent location! Dinos's Italian Restaurant (also across the street) was a favorite of ours. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to London	
Feb 25 2006 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel in February. The hotel is opposite Gloucester Road tube station which is great for easy access to Picadilly, District and Circle Lines. The rooms are ok (a little dated) but clean. Breakfast was really good. The bar does tend to be very smoky though. Service was good although quite slow. I would definately recommend this hotel for business.	
Feb 23 2006	Very Disappointing	Myself and my husdand stayed at the Millenium Bailey from the 17th to the 19th of February 2006 and we were very disappointed. Firstly the Bar was lifeless and the drinks were very expensive, £16 for two drinks. Secondly the room was so small we practically had to edge our way along the wall to get into bed. A 4 Star hotel it is not! Joanne from Ireland	
Feb 20 2006	Great Hotel (for the right price)	We just got back from a three night stay at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel. Initially when we booked this hotel, most of the reviews were positive, but as the months went by, the reviews were getting more negative so I was a little nervous. Maybe my expectations were lowered, but I was pleasantly suprised and pleased with our stay.First off, the location really is AMAZING. As you leave Gloucestor Tube Station, turn to the right and the hotel is right across the street on the corner. It really couldn't have been closer unless it was attached to the tube station! Also, this particular tube station is convenient as there are three different lines that run here. (By the way, from Heathrow, just take the Picadilly Line to Gloucestor. It's only 4 pounds and will get you to the hotel in about 45 minutes. The train comes every five min. Cheaper than the Heathrow Express and probably only takes a few minutes longer since you don't have to transfer and potentially wait for the next Heathrow Express train which comes every 15 min). This neighborhood is not touristy and feels safe. If you turn left out of the station, there is an indoor mall with a grocery store. We didn't eat nearby except picked up some breakfast at Paul's (a bakery across the street) which was very good. We didn't eat at the hotel for breakfast (we checked out the buffet and it didn't look so good especially for the price 16 pounds, that would be almost $30 US).Check in was a breeze -- we had a standard double bed room on the first floor. The room was nicely decorated. And although not large, it was spacious enough not to feel cramped. The bathroom was much larger than most in London but it was a outdated (but clean). The bed was very comfortable too.The main caveats: Our room was on Gloucestor Rd and we definitely heard a lot of street noise, garbage trucks, delivery trucks, etc in the middle of the night. Also, you could easily hear people in the hallway going in and out of their rooms. If you are a light sleeper, this may not be the best place for you. Also, I think we got a good price on expedia (~$140 US/night) which I think is good for a London hotel especially in this neigborhood. Another time I looked up the hotel on expedia, it was $300 a night in which case this hotel WOULD NOT be worth it. Would I stay again? I would probably look around a little but if this was the best price for the neighborhood, I wouldn't be disappointed.	
Feb 5 2006	Very Good Quality Hotel	Stayed at this charming hotel at the beginning of February 2006, it is in a brilliant location opposite Gloucester Road Underground Station. We found the staff to be extremely courteous and helpful in all respects and attentive to our needs. We were upgraded to a Club room on arrival which was of a very good size and very comfortable. The furnishings were bright and the bedding was spotless, the mattresses were firm but springy and very comfortable. The only fault I could find with the room was the enamel bath in the bathroom was chipped in two places and had been repaired at some time, it looked a little unsightly but was still fully functional.We had a meal in Olive's restaurant attached to the hotel which was of excellent quality but the restaurant itself was very cold for diners sitting near the entrance. The staff were very attentive and the overall experience was an enjoyable one.Would I recommend this hotel to a friend - certainly! Would I go back - definately!	
Feb 3 2006	Late check-in but perfect location	I have experienced the same issues as previous reviewers. Though we have already confirmed our booking and non-smoking one bed room via email. When we arrived at 5:30p.m. after 13 hours flight, the room was not ready yet. Though the reception asked us to go back after 15 mins., the room was still not available after two hours. Then we have a two beds room at the 5th floor. We have to go back and then we have a one bed room at the smoking 1st floor. We complainted and requested a late checkout after several complaints and little bit shouting. This was not good for the beginning of a trip. The Porter broken my luggage case... The room was comfortable. The bath tub was not working well and the phone cannot contact direct to the housekeeping and frontdesk. We stayed 5 nights and the guy from the frontdesk just pretend not seeing us. Only the Concierge was OK with smile.However, the location is excellent. The Gloucester road tub station is just 1 min away. There are Tesco Express 24 hours, Dinos serve excellent Italian food. Starbuck, Paul the bakery, Burger King are just opposite to the hotel. There are Boots and a Supermarket at the shopping mall next to the tub station. We have talked to the reception regarding the late check-in problem that already experienced by many people from the Interlet but they just don't care.	
Jan 18 2006	It Was Ok	We got to London, after being on a very long flight, early in the morning. The hotel could not find our reservation, and when they finally did, the only room that they had was a smoking room. It seemed like someone had just smoked in there only seconds before we arrived. Being nonsmokers, it was fairly difficult to breathe (especially when sleeping). We tried to open the window, but it was a bit chilly. The lobby was also smokey most of the time. It was right next to the bar. Also, in the room, the hairdryer would only work for a few seconds and then turn itself off. I finally gave up on fixing my hair since it rained most of the time we were there. It was an older hotel, and as would be expected, it appeared that way. The carpet was worn, etc. (I guess giving that nostalgic aura to the whole place)On the flipside, the staff was VERY nice! They were always so friendly and helpful. The location was also great! We were able to get onto the underground and get almost anywhere within just a few minutes. The tube station was right across the street.	
Dec 26 2005	Nice Hotel with Issues	This hotel was very nice, but could have been better. The room itself was quite comfortable. After reading that the rooms were smallish, I went for the king size bed in the hopes that I'd get a bigger room for the extra cash. Nope! But the room was spotless, and the bed was great! I slept very well in a quiet room. Some other friends of mine stayed in a noisier room near the front of the hotel, but peace and quiet can be had if your make the request. There were little nuisances, however, like the toilet lid that wouldn't stay up. I had a lamp that could not be turned off short of unplugging it. I asked for help, and someone came promptly. But the replacement lamp did not arrive, as promised, the following day. I made a reservation that promised an iron and board, and although it was not in the room, they delivered it promptly when I made a call. If you can, make a booking with the continental breakfast included. If you decide to buy it, it's over $25! The hot food isn't included in the continental, and the single egg and hash browns I had one morning wound up costing me a &quot;supplement&quot; of more than $12. I stayed during Christmas, and the lobby was beautifully decorated. With a little more attention to detail, this would be the perfect London address. I can't imagine a better location!	
Dec 22 2005 	Not the best except for Location	Location to the Tube is great, but that's it. Really disappointed in this hotel. Our non-smoking room was so smokey we had to sleep with the window open in December (It was about 2 degrees). There were at least 4 or 5 false fire alarms within the first 3 days of our stay. Room service was wrong, but was taken off our bill. The place is really old and needs work. The sounds from upstairs were so loud we couldn't sleep. You could even hear them lock their door at 5am. We stay in London frequently, and won't stay here again. The manager did move our room and comp breakfast, but in the new room the toilet didn't flush, and the bathtub didn't have a plug to allow you to take a bath in our new room and one door on the credenza wouldn't stay closed. The remote control was held together with tape. This just is not a 4 star hotel. Better money can be spent at other London hotels with good position to the Tube.	
Dec 15 2005	What a gem!	I am a frequent traveler who always looks for a hotel that is comfortable, convienient, clean, and worth a second visit. I look for a hotel that reflects the city I am visiting. After staying in the Baileys Millennium, I have found MY hotel in London. Every detail of this hotel is worth mentioning, but I won't bore you with that. It is located across the street from the Glouster Rd tube stop, on the Piccadilly line. A 40 minute ride from Heathrow. The hotel is charming,from the minute you walk into the lobby till the moment you enter your room. Every detail is first rate, the prints hanging on the walls of the room, the wallpaper, the furniture, the hot towel rack, the comfortable bed, in room tea/coffee set up, a window that is double glass....I could go on and on.If you have a chance to stay in this hotel, do so. The single room I had, was large for London, with a very large bathroom and full size bathtub. Believe me, I have stayed in some hotels in London, where a single room is no larger than a closet. The rate for this charming hotel with a decent sized single was the same as many other hotels I have visited and would never return to.On my next trip through London, I will definately book the Baileys Millennium.	
Nov 30 2005	Great Experience	My wife and I stayed at the Bailey's for nine nights and could not have been happier overall for the price. The room was large by London standards and quiet. Bathroom was also spacious with great water pressure in the shower. The room was clean when we arrived and refreshed everyday when we were out. The front desk people were quite pleasant and very courteous. We didn't take advantage of there restaurant so no comment on that amenity. The hotel location is very convenient, only steps away from the Gloucester Road tube station. Will definitely stay there again!	
Nov 18 2005 	I do not know thee	First off, I would have felt more welcome buying a tube of toothpaste from Tesco's across the street. Come to think, I did buy a tube of toothpaste at Tesco's across the street and, yes, it was a more fulfilling transaction.Second, I do like a place with ambience but draw the line at importing a whole northerly weather system into the bedroom. Friends, she was cold.Third, the available space. It wasn't available.Fourth, the facilities. I looked. I searched. I tried hard but pretty soon fell under the grip of a creeping disillusion, to the point where I began to feel nostalgia for the old hypothermic claustrophobia. Finally, I am not Canadian. Got that Bailey's? I am Irish. The other person with the same name and I are distinct entities and unique human beings with, evidently, different credit ratings. Does that explain the declining of the Mastercard?	
Nov 10 2005	Loved it!	You can't beat all you get for the price.First off - yes, this is an older hotel. If you want a standard, more modern one, go right next door to the other Millenium hotel.However, the feel of this hotel is pure European - combining old world charm of the townhouse with modern touches (like the bar). The service was great from the moment we walked in. The room was clean and of a fairly good size (for London). The floors are a little creaky, but you can get past that.The thing that absolutely can't be beat is the location. A 24 hour supermarket across the street (buy what you need here), the tube station across the street, a money change place, a pub, several restaurants, a Starbucks, a KFC...take your pick, it's all here! And Kensington is a lovely area to walk around.I really can't say enough about this hotel - loved it!	
Oct 30 2005	The Real Truth about the Bailey	There are wildy divergent opinions about this hotel and it reminds you of 4 blind men describing an elephant from different parts. Here is what it is after several stays and a total of about 18 days and multiple rooms. First if you want a modern hotel do not stay here stay at the Millenium Kensington it is 100 feet away -the Bailey is 100+ years old it is above the door when you enter. So do not look for modern amenitites when you can get them 1 minute away.The good part is this is the best located hotel in London. Across from a great tube station, around the corner from the Natural History and the Science, and in 10 minutes you can be at almost every place you want to go in London. Now the hotelThe rooms at the bailey vary from the smallest room you will ever find (the guy in front of me called it a dog kennel and said his dog had a bigger space)to very big by most standards which is about 5 meters by 6 meters. The small ones are miniscule but my trick is you send a letter to the manager describing your millenium status or the length of your stay or you are bringing people with you they will automatically upgrade you to the larger room at no charge. Next the rooms facing the street are very very noisy as the windows are very old and the inserts do not do the job. So if noise is an issue ask/insist in your reservation for a room facing the banquet room in back or the side of the hotel not facing the road.There are no amenities in this hotel that are worth listing. No work out room or pool, or decent breakfast place, but walk around the corner to the cafe on the back side of the hotel where they serve great cheap food 18 hours a day and there is free wireless internet. Or walk across the street for cheap internet.The bar is smokey and unbearable so walk across the street to a great pub with tons of sports and outside tables.The temperature is an issue every time because they have a simple system which either airconditions the entire hotel or heats it. Period no choices so if you go in summer or winter it is great. The problem is if you go in spring and it is a hot day they only have heat for the rooms the same issue in reverse for fall. So get one of the rooms I described and open the window.So this is what the hotel is like. My favorite hotel was the Mayfair till it was sold and the Hyde Park till they got too expensive.Hope this helpsJim	
Oct 26 2005	Victorian Charm	Quaint and Charming! True Victorian and comfy! Room was a double and nice size.. Windows were great with lots of light... quiet charm....Victorian decor in bath...deep bathtub... Nice personell... I felt the breakfast like many other hotels was too pricey for what you got.. $38.00 was too high for the small buffet they offered... I found a small diner 1/2 block away called &quot;Dino's&quot; on the corner...great English breakfast for 5.90 BP..sometimes breakfast specials for 4.90.. just as nice as the Baileys and 1/3 the price. The couple who operates Dino's is very nice... Olive's was great for dinner.. excellent cuisine... Great bar... Lots of markets and eateries which are very close... Location is fantastic! Room comfy...and larger than the Marriott down Glouchester. I did not need a lot of services this time so I cannot comment on it..but service that I did receive was great....they allowed early entrance into my room. Hotel guests were great. I would definitely go again! Cute tiny Victorian Hotel... a visit to the past. The photos displayed on this board were very accurate of the room. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 19 2005	Couldn't have asked for more!	My husband and I spent 7 nights at the Millennium Bailey's and enjoyed every minute of our stay. This was our first trip to London, and we were overwhelmed by what a great hotel we'd selected through Expedia. The hotel met all of our expectations. We found all of the positive reviews that we'd read about it on Trip Advisor to be true. It was so close to the tube station, very clean, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. However, when we arrived, we accidentally went to Bailey's and were told that our reservation was at the &quot;sister&quot; hotel next door. This caused us to panic because all of the pictures that we'd seen online were of Bailey's. We didn't realize that there was a Bailey's and a Milennium Bailey's next door. In the end our fears were for nothing. We had a great stay and loved the hotel- we'd definitely go back again!	
Sep 30 2005 	Good Location but Unfavorable Opinion	I have stayed at many of the hotels in the immediate area including the Millennium Kensington just next door. It seems unlikely that I will ever stay in the Bailey's again for several reasons.First, let me describe my room. I had a &quot;Millennium Club&quot; room, one of the better rooms in the hotel. It was quite large, especially by London standards. Although well appointed, many of the amenities were simply unusable. Yes, it did have a personal safe but the safe was mounted on the very bottom floor of the closet. It was impossible to see the numbers or read the instructions unless you were prostrate on the floor. Similarly, the heated press for pants was in the closet. To use it, one must get inside the closet, preferably with a portable light so you could see the switches. Actually mounted behind the pants press was the hair dryer. It was nearly impossible to use unless perhaps you are left-handed. I suppose if one could dry their hair in the dark inside the closet it would be okay. There was even a mirror inside the closet.There were many problems with the room. First, the air conditioner did not work. When I reported it to the front desk the clerk explained to me that there was something she called a thermostat and I needed to adjusts it to get it to work. Although I think she was trying to be helpful, it was pretty insulting and I did reply sharply. I could explain to her the circuit design the theory of thermostats but she had to tell me to turn it on first. Suffice to say that this was not the problem and the engineering staff did manage to fix it. This was not the end of the problems I had. I needed to call the housekeeping staff to replace three different lamps or light bulbs during my four day stay. I like to read in bed but could not do so one night because of the lack of light. There were additional problems with the room such as a poorly draining sink, etc.Breakfast was in the Olives restaurant but it was decidedly uninspiring. Just as I was going to get some scrambled eggs, one of the staff took the 1/4 full pan away and said they would be right back with more. I went back to my seat and managed to finish everything else and have a couple of cups of coffee before the new eggs came. I even had to ask when they were coming back. I think they must have rushed after my comment because when the eggs came back they looked only partially cooked and were very runny. Mind you, I can cook scrambled eggs well done in a few minutes; 45 minutes for runny eggs seems a bit off. The breakfast room itself was well lit and comfortable. Coffee or tea was also brought quickly. The croissants, when available, were excellent. My recommendation would be not to eat breakfast there but rather go to any of the close coffee shops or cafes in the area and get better food and service for half the price.The concierge was also less than satisfactory. I asked for a map to look up a particular street address. They asked to help me find it but the concierge was unable to find the address despite me giving him the general location. His response was that it did not exist. Since I got the address off a website, I suspected otherwise. I stepped outside in the light and was able to find it on the simple tourist map in about two minutes.In summary, the hotel at best was adequate. I paid a premium price for a premium room and was disappointed. The location next to the Gloucester Road tube station is excellent. Kensington is an excellent area of London However, there are other, better hotels than the Millennium Bailey's in the same area. .	
Sep 18 2005	Great find	My husband and I stayed at this wonderful little hotel last week. It is in a nice area, very safe, and charming actually. Lots of cafes, bakeries in the area. The rooms were very nice, large modern bathrooms, comfortable mattresses, and the location could just not be beat. The service was also exceptional. We actually prefer this hotel to the Millenium Knightsbridge for charm. We will stay here in again the future whenever we visit London.	
Sep 17 2005	Great London Hotel	We just returned Sept. 13 from a 6-night stay at The Bailey's and were extremely please with our choice. However, on check-in, we might have thought otherwise! Our room wasn't ready when we arrived at 10:55 AM, no surprise there, so they stored our luggage and we went off on The Big Bus tour of London. Returned around 4 PM, got room key-cards, trudged off to locate our room, and the keys didn't work. We walked back down to the lobby, got different cards, and went back to the room. Opened the door and WHOA!, it's under renovation - everything askew, linens off bed, furniture in disarray. By this time, we're exhausted and not in very good humor. The man arrived with our bags to find us in this situation, and immediately went back to the front desk, telling us to wait there. When he came back, he told us there'd been a huge mistake, that the desk person was new and &quot;doesn't know much&quot;. I'll say. Anyway, we finally got a room, on a different floor, and I think we definitely got upgraded.Our room had a queen-size bed, a trunk at the foot of it, a desk and chair, a loveseat, an upholstered chair, a small table, a chest of drawers, a chest with mini-bar and coffee/tea set-up, with TV on top. The bathroom was huge, although the tub was high and difficult to step in and out of. Our room was #337, overlooking Courtfield Rd. and the tube station.It was kept extremely clean, the bed was firm and comfy, 2 pillows each, very quiet, no street noise due to double windows, and really no noise from the halls or other rooms.There's a small hair dryer in the closet that must be used while standing there in front of a door mirror, but it didn't have much power. I used my travel one and plugged it in under the desk, where there was one 110-volt plug. This was handy for charging camera batteries, and we never had to use our converters.The coffee/tea set-up was kept well stocked and we used it every morning.We were provided with American-style face cloths. There are 3 lifts and we never waited for more than a few seconds for one. There are no ice machines, but we got pintglasses of ice from the bartender whenever we needed it. Everyone was friendly and helpful, except for the concierge. When I needed some info about a concert, he told me I could just phone them myself. Well, we made 2 local calls, and it came to 2.50GBP at check-out - a definite rip-off, as it stated on the phone that local calls were 50p.The location is superb, as noted in other reviews. Really only 40 feet or so from the tube entrance, so you'll never get too drenched in a rain shower! Many choices of places to eat - for breakfast: La Liaison directly across Courtfield, continental with O.J., coffee, 2 pcs. toast or croissant, 2.95 GBP; Cafe Forum, turn right out of the hotel, around the corner about 30 feet, jumbo coffee with free croissant 1.40 GBP; Paul's french bakery across Gloucester Rd., delicious pastries and desserts. I highly recommend The Hereford Arms Pub, 1 short block to the right of the hotel - great atmosphere, outdoor seating, welcoming staff, consistently excellent food with fair prices (typical dinner for 2 with a pint each under 20GBP total). There's also an internet cafe just down the street, again to the right, the Gloucester Arcade adjacent to the tube station that has the Waitrose, Boots, several restaurants, and the 24-hour Tesco across the street. These are in addition to KFC and Burger King, so you'll never go hungry.The Big Bus stops directly across the street for the Blue Tour, and there are 2 city bus routes. I'd have given it 5 stars if the carpet were in better condition - fairly stained and frayed in places, but overall a fantastic experience. I'd definitely recommend it and would stay there again.	
Sep 12 2005	Why the stuffed cat?	The hotel was clean, service was good and the room was fine, if anything on the large side. Could maybe do with a lick of paint though as everything did look a little jaded. Not sure about the stuffed cat in the lobby. Didn't sample the food in the adjoining restaurant but the aroma coming up from there certainly smelt good.None of that matters though when you take into account the best thing about this hotel - its location. Just across from Gloucester Road Tube it's perfect for Heathrow (half hour away on the tube) and all the sights.	
Sep 10 2005	Great Location Superb rooms and okay service	My family and I stayed here for five days and found it to be wonderful. The rooms were nice, supplied with every thing you need. I was pleasantly surprised with the rooms size (compared to usual Euro hotels) and the ability to keep the noise from below out! Great location close to yummy night dining (although I do not reccomend the Tex Mex restaraunt down the street). The tube was amazingly close (just right across the street) with direct service to Heathrow. There was just a little bit of a smoke smell but it wasn't to bad. Service from the desk and house keeping employees is okay, nothing special but you won't mind them. We had a personal belonging stolen, (not quite sure if it was at the hotel) and the staff security were very attentive and faithful in setting up an investigation and giving me a refund for my stolen item. I would reccomend the Millenium to any one! Happy travels!	
Sep 4 2005	best location	the hotel was very convieniently located with gloucester road tube station across from the hotel, a 24hour supermarket across the road and a good few restaurants along the same stretch. so easy to get around london from here. staff friendly, hotel and room clean and very comfortable. definately recommended.	
Aug 29 2005	Very good value for money	As a last minute desperate find, this hotel was a very good bargain. Close to South Kansington attarctions, it has an &quot;old world&quot; feel to it. The restaurant was particularly good. Ideal for a shopping weekend.	
Aug 3 2005	Great Stay	Stayed six nights from 7/19/05. Although we booked via expedia, I emailed the hotel to confirm a room with 2 twin beds. they confirmed back the same day. The room was on the front of the hotel and was larger than expected with plenty of drawers and closets for clothes. The bathroom was also large and very light (windows). The air conditioner in the ceiling worked just fine and was very quiet. We had previously stayed in the Holiday Inn a block away so we knew the area well. Will definately stay here on future trips to London but will request the same room. No ice machines, but a bucket of ice can be obtained at the bar.	
Aug 1 2005	Definitely a nice place to stay	This being my first trip to London, I'm glad we chose this place to stay. My partner and I purused the web until we came across the Millenium Bailey's.What a pleasant place. The staff was excellent and if you're a first time visitor, rely heavily on the concierge-he definitely found us some great prices and locations you can't get on your own. It was also pleasant to find a hotel that was gay friendly. Very close to many restaurants and the Gloucester tube station (across the street). The rooms are a bit small, but it didn't matter since most of our time was spent trapsing around the town.A note to the international traveler - if the queen is giving a public appearance (even if by special invitation), all you have to do is ask.	
Jul 25 2005	Average - Needs at least a painjob	Check in: Easy, and quick, hasle free, typical.Room: 443. Small, looked overused, needed a paint job. The TV was too small. Overall, looked &quot;tired&quot;.Bathroom: Large, but mildew and rust buildup in some parts of the tub. At least it was clean.Breakfast: The high point. Included in the price, eggs, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, hasgh browns, croissants, etc. The work, and really tasty. Good stuff.Overall: At 130 UKP per night (business rate) it is overpriced. But then again which London Hotel isn't?... A paintjob could do wonders for the place. Location is good.	
Jul 21 2005	Perfect London Hotel	I would highly recommend Millennium Bailey's Hotel to London travelers searching for good location, friendly staff and very clean, spacious rooms. I had not previously traveled to London, and so relied on Tripadvisor for hotel recommendations. This hotel received good reviews, and deservedly so. I would certainly stay there on future trips. It is located within walking distance to some very good restaurants (the curry house next door is excellent, as is the Chinese restaurant housed in the hotel building) and directly across the street from the Gloucester Tube station, which has a few shops and a large grocery store (great cheese and bagettes for a snack!) For a nice, quick breakfast &quot;Illy&quot; is across the street as well. Overall a great experience!	
Jul 19 2005	The location is the best thing about the hotel	I stayed at the hotel in June just as a heat wave was beginning. It took two full days before the air conditioning kicked in enough to cool the room down. I would highly recommend that no one stay at this hotel in the summer. The lobby is not air conditioned and the lobby, bar and restaurant were uncomfortable except early in the morning.The room (a double) was large enough but very noisy from street traffic. The hotel furnishings were &quot;tired&quot; but adequate except for a strange arrangement with the hair dryer. The dryer is in the closet and unless you have mirror in the closet you can't style your hair very well. The women in my group were very unhappy about the dryer arrangement. Or you might want to bring your own.A majority of the hote staff does not speak English very well which led to all kinds of problems. Not only did many staff members not understand my fellow travelers but they didn't understand each other. The maid didn't think she needed to change the sheets and towels unless specifically asked to do so. The mini-bar didn't work and I had to stand at the front desk and refuse to move before they would even look at the problem. The maintenance guy finally came to the room with me and then said the mini-bar expert was out for the day. After four days of asking, they finally replaced the mini-bar. It was very difficult to find the day or night manager; the staff seems to be very good at not hearing any complaints or problems or ignoring them. The single rooms are very, very small and depressing looking. The bathrooms for these rooms are also very small.As other reviewers have mentioned, the local is excellent. You are right across from the tube station and a few blocks in the other direction is a very attractive residential area which is quiet and gives you a sense of upper middle class life in London.But I would never stay at the hotel again.	
Jul 17 2005	Lovely stay quiet and quaint	My family and I (4 guests) stayed for 2 nights at the Baileys hotel in July 2005 and we were pleasantly surprised. I hunted top to bottom for a decent hotel which did not have accompanying horror story reviews, and found this hotel to be amoungst the very few (at a reasonable rate anyhow). We paid £75 per room per night, booked through (---) and it was quoted as a &quot;secret hotel&quot; - of which you don't find out the name of hotel until you confirm purchase. The hotel is a 10 minute walk from Hyde Park and Oxford Street, and on the doorstep of the tube - liiterally. The lobby and bar were friendly and efficient. The decor refined and traditional. Rooms varied in size but not dramatically, if you are a tourist - there is more than enough room for suitcases and movement around them. There is a desk, decent functioning tv , many sockets and a mini bar. The bathroom was super clean with bottles of goodies and a heated towel rail. We had a room on the street and I heard no excessive noise at all. The curtains had black out blinds so the room was pitch black, lovely.I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel, especially if you can get a good price, better than so many of the dated, tiny, noisy --------- I have stayed in before, claiming to be an overnight haven at nearly £100.My only advise - put a DO NOT DISTURB sign on the door if you want to sleep late as they are very efficient with early cleaning!	
Jul 13 2005	Very convenient	This hotel is a stone's throw from eateries, coffee shops, a grocery store, and assorted other establishments. A Big Bus Tour stop is right there, too. Across the street is the Gloucester tube stop which is a direct line to Heathrow. We took a cab ($71) to the airport, however, because we were unwilling to negotiate tube stairwells with our heavy luggage. The hotel staff was courteous and helpful and the amenites were standard. My single room was very, very tiny and without storage. I didn't mind since I spent little time there except to sleep. My only complaint was the incessant hum of an outside generator (I had an interior room). The air conditioner cooled just fine, and the closed window provided sufficient insulation from the generator noise.	
Jul 12 2005	Best Hotel Location in London	We stayed for the five nights immediately preceding the bombings in London. In our opinion, the Millenium Bailey's combines old world charm with modern functionality. It's location is ideal. Across the road from the Gloucester Station for access to the Tube and within a block of a number of really great restaurants, coffee shops, convenience stores and pubs. A couple of museums, Hyde Park, Kensington Gardens and Harrods are within walking distance of the hotel. Even a grocery store across the street. Rooms were of adequate size with a comfortable bed and mini-bar and even had 115 volt electricity for american shavers! The staff was extremely helpful and friendly during our stay. The full English breakfast was great and we found this hotel to be the only one on our trip that served skim milk and fresh fruit for breakfast. They also provided wash clothes for us, somewhat of a rarity in European hotels. Tour buses stop next door, an ideal spot for seeing London.All in all, a great place to stay and when we next return to London, we'll return to Millenium Baileys.	
Jun 14 2005	Great Price Great Service	Just returned from a week long vacation in London, escorting my 85 year old Mother-In-Law. The accomodations and service at Millenium Bailey's in London could not have been better for the price. While the bath tubs/showers might not have been the most handicap friendly, the concierge and staff at the hotel more than made up for it with their care, concern, and assistance. Use of a hotel wheel chair made our mobilization efforts very easy. With the Gloucester Underground Station just across the street, Taxi's available on the corner, Bus Services just across the street, transportation was not an issue. There were restaurants within walking distance that were reasonably priced. ATM just across the street made getting cash a breeze. A grocery was located inside the mall area behind the underground station and a grocery/pharmacy (TESCO) was just across the street.If you are traveling with someone that can walk up four steps to get into the lobby and are looking for a comfortable accomodation, with elevators, and easy access to London, at a very reasonably price, I would highly recommend this hotel. Staff and accomodations would be hard to beat!	
Jun 2 2005	Loved it!	We stayed at the Millenium Bailey's from May 20th - May 29th and were very pleased. We booked a vacation package through Expedia and were never treated as second rate guests! The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. We were placed in a twin room on the fourth floor (#441). The room was a very good size for 2 people... plenty of room to walk around, store luggage, etc. Big windows and huge, bright bathroom. There's a good number of english channels on the tv and there is a small mini-bar, but there isn't room to put your own stuff in the fridge (unless you've already drank some of the things in the fridge - however they do refill it daily unless you tell them not to). The room had just enough closet space and drawers for 2 girls, and there was an ironing board, towel heater and hair dryer available. The bathtub is deep - perfect for a bath. Our A/C wasn't always working (though it wasn't really needed most of the time..) - when it got warm we would just open the windows. This caused a slight problem during the day..... we played host to a quite a few flies at times. So I guess my only complaint there would be that they should invest in some bug screens!! :) Also - one night we returned home to find that NONE of our lights were working - apparently a fuse blew or something.... however, we just called reception and they sent an electrician up, so no big deal. As for the area around the hotel - it really could get any better. The Gloucester Road tube stop is literally a stone's throw away and there are SEVERAL restaurants, pubs, delis, coffee shops, fast food, supermarkets, etc. Specifically - there is a huge Waitrose (supermarket) across the street (next to the tube station) and a 24 hour Tesco (formerly Sainbury's) across Gloucester Road - Tesco is basically a small grocery store/convenience store. There's a Burger King, KFC, Starbucks, pub (forgot the name), a restaurant called Pizza Organic and another called La Patisserie (great breakfast) also on that street. Next to the tube there is a great restaurant called Ask! Pizza (awesome pizzas!) and a wonderful little deli called La Liaison (awesome egg &amp; cheese &amp; crispy bacon baguettes!). There is also an internet cafe, Post Office and Bureau de Change all within 1-2 blocks. It's also a short walk up Gloucester to Kensington Gardens/Palace and High Street Kensington which has some great shopping and restaurants (Wagamama and Cafe Pasta are great!) - there's also an internet cafe and grocery store on this road. I always stay in this area when I visit London and so far the Millenium Bailey's is my favorite hotel!	
May 18 2005	Great stay	We stayed six nights at this hotel and it was wonderful! The lobby is very elegant, and the room was very large (for British standards). The staff was helpful and friendly. As previously mentioned, the location is ideal - right across from the Gloucester tube station. I would most definitely stay there again whenever we get back to London (soon I hope). Another thing to point out is that my in-laws met us mid week and booked the hotel for convenience. As they are Dr's used to really fine hotels, I was of course nervous about having booked through the Internet. However, they were also very pleased with the hotel and complimented me on my choosing it. Thank you, Bailey's!	
May 17 2005	Location location location!	We just returned from a 10-day stay at Bailey's. We were very pleased! For comfort and convenience it would be hard to beat. Right across from the Tube station means it's a noisy area on a Friday night, but otherwise our room was quiet for such a busy area. We were on the 3rd floor (that's 4th floor in USA) so above the street level noise. And anyway we did not go to London for peace and quiet!The room was large, clean, comfortable and cosy; big bathroom with great plumbing; firm flat beds; TV was normal and stations were all in English. I believe A/C is available (we sure did not need it!). It's an older building so plenty of character (including creaky and somewhat uneven floors), not a big sterile hotel that could be in any city. The staff were pleasant and cheerful and the maid service excellent.There are restaurants, pubs, news agents, grocery stores, drug stores, banks, ATMs, bakeries, coffee shops, internet cafe (well, not a cafe, but a place that has multiple computers with internet access for 1GBP for 20 minutes, long enough to check your e-mail and send out a few messages), all right in the neighborhood. Tube stop, bus stops, taxis are right there. Lots of shopping on the main street, a 10 minute walk from Kensington Gardens/ Hyde Park. Nice safe area (full of other tourists), fun to explore the side streets of Kensington.We booked as part of a package through Expedia, so we paid less than the posted rate, but were not treated like &quot;second class&quot; in any way. Certainly we felt it was excellent value for the price we paid!	
May 12 2005	Not best by a long shot	Got to check-in, although friendly, the receptionist could find no record of our booking, but as they had a room free it wasnt a big problem. The room was like a cupboard with more arabic tv channels then english..surprising for london i must say. The following morning we woke up to a fire alarm, upon opening the door we saw fellow guests in their night attire running for the stairs so we did the same only to get to reception to be told it was just a test of the system, so we were just stood their looking like we were at mass slumber party. The following morning we were awoken by the chambermaid ignoring the do not disturb sign and just walking into the room. Not a very memorable experience.	
Apr 23 2005	We Liked It So Much....We Stayed Twice!!!	We stayed at the Millennium Bailey's for 3 nights on a layover on the way to Kenya in early October, 2004. As has been pointed out in several reviews, the hotel is conveniently located to the Gloucester &quot;Tube&quot; station (right across the street) which was great, especially after flying all night from California. It was also convenient because it was only a short walk across the street in the rain, which London is known for. The location is also convenient to many different restaurants (Starbucks, KFC, Black &amp; Blue, A great Italian restaurant which I can't remember was in the mini mall attached to the Tube station) and pubs (We recommend the Bear and the Lion) in the area, which are all within a one or two block walk. There's also a &quot;Big Red Bus&quot; stop across the street from the hotel. We recommend that first time visitors to London take this guided tour, as it gives people an idea of what they might want to visit in more detail, as well as the opportunity to just see the sights of London, which it is famous for (i.e. Big Ben, the Tower of London, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace) which some people just want to see, but don't want to explore. The hotel itself is decorated in a traditional English style. Our room was well kept and clean and seemed bigger that I had expected due to hearing about &quot;small London hotel rooms&quot;. The staff were extremely helpful, especially the concierge, who booked tours and theater tickets for us. The floors of the hallways were uneven and creaked in certain places, but that can be expected after existing for over 100 years, and just added to the atmosphere of an English hotel. Because of our positive experience at the Millennium Balieys Hotel, we booked our room for 4 more nights on our layover while returning from Kenya, in late October, 2004. Our second stay was just as enjoyable as our first stay, which helped to give us the opinion that it is consistently a nice place to stay while visiting London, as well as being a good value, compared to other hotel rates in the city. We would definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends who would be visiting London.	
Apr 17 2005	Convenient	Don't be fooled by the photos of the grand sweeping staircase of this hotel. It is a nice staircase but hardly the main attraction of this hotel. The best thing is the neighborhood - plus it is about twenty steps (just across a small street) from the Gloucester Road Tube Station on the District, Circle AND the Picadilly lines. There are plenty of cheap eats all within one block of this hotel, including a Starbucks, Burger King, a breakfast take out &amp; lots more. The hotel is quite old, including rickety unlevel floors, but the room we had was HUGE by London standards with 12 foot ceilings + the old black &amp; white tile baths were nostalgic. The hotel was also quiet - but we weren't on the outside near the road. You can't beat this location for convenience to the tube stop - plus the Picadilly line goes to Heathrow airport.	
Mar 17 2005	Comfort and convenience	This review is based on a stay from March 8 to March 14, 2005.The Millennium Group pitches Bailey's as a hotel with old-fashioned elegance and modern conveniences. For the most part, the claim is accurate.The building is red-brick Victorian, the lobby quite elegant with decorative ceiling moldings and staircase. The rooms don't match the decor of the public spaces, but are tastefully furnished. By British standards our double room was agreeably large -- there was actually space for four suitcases and enough territory to walk around! -- and the bathroom (again, by British standards) was huge.Perhaps because of those old thick walls, we barely heard a peep from anyone in the neighboring rooms. Although I think we may have been lucky in that there were no directly adjacent units.A few annoyances: The bedside-table lamps had the dimmest bulbs I've ever seen in a hotel; they were the size of bulbs that you string on a Christmas tree. If you like to read in bed, bring a flashlight. There was an ironing board but no iron that I could see. The tiny fridge was so jammed with the usual overpriced drinks that to put any of our own items in there we had to remove the hotel's. I only discovered the phone books the morning we left; instead of being where you would expect them, in the drawer of the desk where the phone sits, they were in the bottom drawer of the bedside table.Check-in was fast and the receptionist, whose hair was colored in stripes like certain brands of toothpaste, was pleasant. It took a while to locate a porter to bring our baggage to the room, although in fairness we checked in rather late, about 11 pm. During the daytime when there was little traffic in and out of the lobby, there were two, count 'em, two doormen on duty; in the evening, when most people arrive, they were absent and one had to drag the luggage up the stairs and push the door open unaided.There is an attractive bar off the lobby and a posh restaurant, Olives, which I didn't sample. The location can hardly be beaten: classy South Kensington (which I much prefer to the frenzied and touristy West End), and right across the road from an Underground station with three different lines, so you can get to lots of places in the city without changing lines. Dining options in the immediate vicinity range from KFC to a fantastically expensive Indian restaurant, the Bombay Brasserie. There is also a small grocery across the street and a large grocery, Waitrose, in the mall adjacent to the Underground entrance.On the whole I thought this was a well-run and attractive hotel. As usual in London, your opinion of it will depend a good deal on how much you pay for your accommodations. I recommend trying to find away to get a discount, as the official rates are pretty steep for what you get.	
Mar 15 2005	Wonderful experience at Baileys!	Just returned from my first visit to London and I commend the staff at Milennium Baileys Kensington. We arrived on March 6th and left March 12th. They are very busy on the weekends. We knew that check-in time was 2 p.m., but since we took the red-eye, we arrived at Baileys at 9:30 a.m. We were told to &quot;go have a cup of coffee&quot; and come back. By 11:15 a.m., we had our room. There were two twin beds, as requested, for me and my elderly mother. The room had a view of the street, but was surprisingly quiet. Beds were very comfortable. Bathroom was sizable, with wood-paneled bathtub and toilet seat. Temperature was too warm in the room, even with the thermostat on zero, but I think a lot of hotel rooms are like that, and you can't open the windows. The best feature is that this hotel is about 15 steps from the Gloucester Rd. tube stop! After traipsing around all day, it was great to have the stop so close to the hotel. Staff was very friendly and pleasant - would definitely stay here again! Here are some tips: we took the Hotelink shuttle from Heathrow to the hotel and back - for 2 people = $124.00 - worth it when you think about lugging your suitcase up all those flights of stairs at the tube stops! Also bought a 7-day &quot;visitor tube pass&quot; for $36.00 from Rail Europe, good for Central zones 1 &amp; 2 - that was the best value all week! Since the American dollar is worth 1/2 a pound, it was a pricey trip. Ate sparingly - spent the money on shows (go see &quot;Woman in White&quot; at the Palace Theater - spectacular!) The Barbican Center is the largest performance arena in Europe - saw The London Symphony Orchestra for about $30.00 - super! All the museums are free - you must go to the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square, the Tate Modern is new and exciting, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum was enthralling and the British Museum in Russell Square has the Rosetta Stone and Elgin Marbles, the most important exhibitions ever! Spent the day at the Tower of London, which was worthy! Big Bus Tour is a rip-off. Don't bother with Kensington Palace - another rip-off! Don't waste money seeing the play &quot;Festen&quot; either - billed as &quot;a gem&quot; by critics, and was the worst show I ever saw (about pedophilia-ugh!) Had my picture taken at Abbey Road - hurray for Beatle fans! The fish &amp; chips were delicious! Pubs are a decent place to get food. Visit Fortnum &amp; Mason in Picadilly Square for fine teas - the store displays are exquisite and their staff is dressed formally - very &quot;up end&quot;. Loved Harrod's, too! All in all - a great time - weather is cold, cloudy &amp; windy - bundle up! And, cross the street very carefully - I thought we drove fast in Boston - not compared to Londoners! Cheers!	
Mar 8 2005	Good Location Good Rate Comfortable Room	Rated above average in comparison to other London hotels I have stayed at. Had to book a room at the last minute as the key to the flat I was to be using got held up in US Customs and never made it to Chicago. In any event, the location is great with almost everything you would need within a block or two and very close to the Tube. Reception was efficient and my room was ready when I arrived at 2:00p which was great after an overnight flight. The decor is what one would expect from an 'English' hotel and visitors who want a bit of charm will like it. A fellow guest from New Jersey commented that the rooms were small but actually, I found them to be a nice surprise. Granted, the room was a little bit worn but it was clean, nicely decorated and had a double bed which is a bit of a luxury in London. It wasn't huge but perfectly adequate and at 72.50GBP a night a very good deal. The bathroom had been updated, there was natural light and the heating was individually controlled. All in all, I would recommend this hotel and, at the rate I paid, would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 2 2005	Location location location!	Booked through Priceline at a very attractive rate by London standards. Was confirmed a twin room with two beds but upon check-in the staff asked if I minded accepting a single as they had many groups of two to accomodate. I accepted and was given two complimentary drinks in Olive's bar. Room was the usual closet sized affair that you would expect from a hotel built in the 1800's, but was very clean and well appointed. Can't say enough about the location. I've stayed in about 20 different London hotels and this is hands down the best. Gloucester Road tube station is literally crawling distance from the front door. Fabulous Waitrose grocery and Boots pharmacy behind the station. Tons of restaurants in the area.	
Feb 7 2005	Loved the hotel	The Hotel was clean and comfortable. the staff were lovely and helpful. The restaurant attached to the hotel were lovely and the food was excellent. would highly recommend this hotel	
Jan 26 2005	A good experience	We stayed at Balieys for two nights in November 2004. I found Baileys to be a lovely hotel. It was in a great location and the staff was friendly. We took the Big Bus Tour right across the street. We loved the Big Bus Tour! The room was small (as most european hotels are) but it was decorated nicely and it was very quiet. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 3 2005	Gave a bad first impression!	My sister and I spent 5 nights here over Christmas. The first impression upon entering the hotel was a very musty smell. The desk clerk was not friendly and I had to hold my ground for close to 20 minutes to get the room that I confirmed 2 months prior and paid for in advance. On a positive note the housekeeping staff did keep our room clean. There was a pleasant coffee shop around the corner called the Forum Cafe and a nice Fish and Chips place across from the Forum Cafe that had great hot tea to go. Koodoos also goes out to The Patisserie for their wonderful pastries. If I go back to London to visit it will not be in December...brrrrr... and I will not stay at the Millennium Bailey's Hotel.	
Jan 2 2005	LOVED Bailey's	Great hotel right across from the Gloucester Tube stop. Staff checked us in early which was WONDERFUL after flying over night! Very nice hotel, highly highly highly recommend!	
Dec 20 2004	Great location shabby bedrooms	Having read the reviews here I had high hopes for the Millennium Baileys but was rather disappointed. The location is fantastic and the public reception rooms impressive (although the bar service was slow). However, the bedroom we were allocated was in need of refurbishment and was frankly rather shabby. Admittedly, 85 quid is a very reasonable rate for a Saturday night in Central London and it was fine as an overnighter but I had expected more from Millennium. I would stay here again purely for the location but cross my fingers for a better room.	
Dec 14 2004	Second Visit... Still Worth The Trip!	I stayed at the Millennium Bailey’s over the first weekend in December 2004, during a quick visit to the UK. I had previously stayed at this hotel about three years ago (2001), and little had changed. For the price (about $210 per night), the accommodations and service were acceptable. The hotel’s location across the street from the Gloucester Road subway station provided easy access to all Central London trains, as well as to Heathrow Airport. And the food in the hotel’s restaurant (Olive’s), at least for dinner, was quite good. Without question, I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 14 2004	Okay But Too Many Shortcomings For Me	My wife and I stayed here based on the recommendation of a friend. I'll keep that in mind next time he recommends something. Actually, it's not his fault. The quality of the rooms at the Bailey's is highly inconsistent. Ours ranked of smoke (we're non-smokers and they knew it) and that's enough to keep me out of the Bailey's ever again. The view out of the window was ugly enough for us to keep the curtains permanently drawn. The bathroom fixtures would confuse a world-class plumber. We couldn't figure out how to turn off the water, and often neither could the help we summoned from the front desk! While the room smelled horribly, it was clean. The bed was comfortable, but, as I mentioned, it's hard to sleep well in an ash tray. If I could be guaranteed a non-smoking room and fixtures from at least the 20th century, I might reconsider. However, I've stayed in much nicer places in London for about the same money, so I have no reason to return. I should mention that the location is awesome, with a tube station literally across the narrow street and a 24-hour convenience store across another street.	
Nov 30 2004 	Good reliable hotel	This is a decent quality four-star. The location is good, with ready access to South Kensington's stellar sites. It's directly opposite a tube station, and the area makes for a good base. The hotel itself is a pretty standard four-star offering. The rooms are comfortable and clean, if on the small-ish side (although that's pretty much standard for London). All in all, a worthwhile booking if you can snaffle one of the many deals on offer: I paid about £50 for a Sunday night stay, including taxes but not breakfast, via Priceline.	
Nov 30 2004	Great Location 	We stayed at the Millennium Baily's Hotel in October 2004. The location was perfect, right across the street from the tube station. We had asked for a non-smoking room, but since we checked in at midnight there were none left. The concierge told us we would be able to change rooms in the morning. The next morning we were immediately given a non-smoking room, which turned out to be much bigger and nicer than our original room. The staff was very accomodating. I wouldn't really call it a 4 star hotel though it's in need of an update, but the rooms were clean and the location was perfect. We booked it for around $100 a night online so given the great price, I'd definately stay here again.	
Nov 29 2004	Very Enjoyable stay	Stayed in September 04 and found the hotel very nice. Room was good though not much of a view, restaurant was ok - though breakfast was expensive (we recommend Deanos just across the road as an much cheaper alternative). Very impressed with the waiters who spotted an intruder to the restaurant just as he was about to steal my partners bag apparantly.Bar area good and quick service. Good central location with easy access to central London via tube etc.	
Nov 21 2004	Good Stay at Bailey's	We stayed at Bailey's from 7 November to 11 November. We had a very pleasant stay. I read all the other reviews of this hotel so for the most part I knew what to expect. We were not disappointed and there were no unpleasant surprises. Our room was larger than I expected and I was impressed by the size of the bathroom. There was plenty of hot water and the bath towels were larger than most. I thought Bailey's was very, very charming and the staff was friendly. We asked for a wake up call one morning and not only did they call our room but the TV came on with a wake up message. I thought that was cute! We hired a car to take us to Euston station very early one morning and the driver arrived promptly and was very friendly. The price was right and the location was fabulous. The Gloucester Road tube station across the street was sensational. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2004	Palatial and great value!	We discovered this hotel while we were staying in a cruddy backpacker place nearby, and were looking for a restaurant. The food at Olive's was wonderful, and the fixed menu price quite reasonable.The next day, we checked out of the hostel and went looking on lastminute for somewhere better to stay. Delighted to find a vacancy at the Bailey for little more than we were paying for the backpacker hostel, we checked in, and liked it so much we decided to extend our stay in London by another day. The staff were friendly and helpful even though we were usually dressed like backpackers (as were many of the guests); the rooms were enormous and well appointed (ok, the a/c was a bit noisy and the shower a tad eccentric); the food in the bar (also available from room service) and restaurant was fantastic and good value for money; and it was directly opposite a tube station with a direct line to Heathrow. We then returned on our next visit to London, and would be delighted to do so again.	
Sep 18 2004	Good stay	I stayed in the Millenium Bailey's in August 2004 for four days. I have a small single bed room - but well equipped and very clean. The service was good, the air condition a little bit weak. I had no breakfast in the hotel. There are many good breakfast stores just outside of the hotel.	
Aug 30 2004	Nice hotel bad A/C	Overall, the hotel was nice and clean with very good service. If you're getting b-fast included, I would avoid the full breakfast and go for the continental. My only complaint is that (like a previous reviewer) we had problems with our A/C. In the end they upgraded us to much larger &quot;club room&quot;, but before this we had to move rooms 3 times, once at 2:00 am. If not for the AC problem, would have given it a 4.I think this would be a great place to stay when the weather is cooler, but would probably avoid it during the hot summer months.	
Aug 9 2004	Good location average accomodation	An average hotel in comparison to some of the other Milleniums. The room was large given that it was only a double, but the air conditioning did not work particularly well and the room was situated above a set of generators, so even with the two layers of windows, there was still humming throughout the night.Service was OK, but the lobby and the surrounding areas were unbearably hot and muggy, although this is probably not so noticeable on colder days, it just highlights the lack of air conditioning in general.It's major plus points are location - there are lots of places to eat very close, plus Waitrose supermarket just across the road. The tube station is a stone's throw away.So, overall it was a good stay, mainly due to the location.	
Jul 24 2004	We loved it and would definitely stay there again:	I can't say enough about the staff--they couldn't have been nicer and were eager to help us in any way they could. This was good because we were there during a tube strike and had to figure out alternate transportation. We stayed here for two weeks and every staff member we met was professional and friendly. The location was great for us because it is right across the street from the Gloucester tube stop. Just beyond the tube stop is a mini-mall with a wonderful grocery, coffee shop, pharmacy and two restaurants. There are also a number of good restaurants within easy walking distance.Now the warning: If you've not stayed in British hotels before, you'll be disappointed in the size and age. The bathrooms are small (except for the tubs, which are HUGE!), the beds are small--a four-star hotel is the equivalent of an average Best Western in America. If you keep that in mind and just accept it as the standard, I don't think you'll be disappointed. (We had no problems with noise as our room did not face the streets, which are very, very busy.) If you insist on luxury accomodations, this isn't the hotel for you, but if you'd rather spend your money on books and sights and just want clean, safe lodging with a nice staff, I think you'll be happy here!	
Jul 10 2004	Couldn't sleep all night	Stayed here for four nights this past June. Booked through Londontown.com, we got a great rate and based on the review were expecting a good stay. Unfortunatly, every night like clockwork, the air conditioning broke. It was so hot in our room I couldn't sleep, when I asked to change rooms, they gave me the &quot;we'll try and fix the problem&quot; but never did. I'd recommend choosing another hotel, they were not attentive to our needs.	
Jun 8 2004	Second stay as good as the first!	Stayed at the Millennium Bailey's back in Feb. (see my earlier review &quot;All in all, a good stay&quot;). As promised, we were upgraded to a club room for the same cost as a regular room. Upon arrival to the hotel at 8 a.m., our room was not ready, but we were given a temporary room to shower and change in, which was great. When our room was ready later in the day, we were so delighted! This room was huge...plenty of room to store 4 pieces of luggage without having to see them or trip over them for our entire stay! The room had lots of windows, a sitting area and we were sent a complimentary bottle of wine our first night. Location is ideal for public transport and is in a beautiful and quiet neighborhood. If you want to stay out of the major tourist areas and have a nice quiet room to retire to after a night out, this is definitely a good choice. 	
Jun 8 2004	Great rooms and location	We stayed at Bailey's Millennium Hotel for 5 nights in May 2004. Rooms are larger than most in England/Europe and clean and quiet. Bathroom was big and clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. The location is the best part ... it's right across the street from the Gloucester Road (pronounced &quot;glosster&quot;) tube station, which is on 3 major tube lines to get you anywhere in central London, one of which is the Picadilly line from Heathrow Airport. Breakfast wasn't included in our room rate (we would have had to pay something like 30GBP more to get breakfast), but we found a little cafe/diner across the street that has a great breakfast (eggs, sausage, bacon, coffee, etc.) for 3GBP. There's a 24 hour market across the street (great for that bottle of wine and snack after sightseeing all day ... we learned this after paying 15GBP for 2 drinks in the bar at the hotel), a very good Indian restaurant a block up the street at the Montana Hotel, and a very good French cafe about 5 minutes up the street called Cafe Flo. Also 2 pubs in the same block as the hotel, a good Italian cafe, and a couple fast food restaurants (Burger King and KFC), and an internet point a block away. 10-15 minute walk to Kensington Palace, Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, and Harrods. If they had reasonably priced breakfast and bar drinks, I'd have given them a 5.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Hotel for weekend break	We booked the Millennium Hotel through the internet at a very reasonable price. I have to admit I was rather wary of what to expect but really I needn't have worried. The reception area looks very impressive with a beautiful staircase. We were on the 4th floor and our room was spacious and clean with a TV and tea making facilities. Our room had a couple of current magazines which I found a nice touch. Breakfast was not included in our package but we found 2 lovely cafes close by where we had a lovely, leisurely breakfast reading the papers. It actually felt less formal than eating in a hotel and I particularyl enjoyed that. All in all I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone.	
May 27 2004	Bailey's Hotel	Bailey's, or Bailey's Milleneum Hotel is a nice or very nice, hotel for London. I say this because structures are not as new in London and the accomodations to an American seem a bit dated compared to the newness we see in the U.S. One reason I picked this hotel was it's proximity to a good underground station (Gloucester Road) and the underground is THE way to get around and see London. In fact, the station was immediately across the street so close you could hit it with a tennis ball. Remember to get an underground or Tube pass before you leave for London. You can buy them cheaper in the U.S. than you can in England. I got passes for the wife and me that allowed travel to all zones, 1 through 6, in London on any mode of public transportation. Zone 6 includes Heathrow and the tube goes from Heathrow directly to Gloucester Road station. The hotel is also convieniently located, again these are just across the stree, to a 24 hour small grocery store, a Burger King for a desperation meal, and a bank with an ATM. There is an excellent Pub down the street about 2 blocks away that was frequented in WWII by Air Corps pilots. It's called the Hereford Arms and has a plaque attesting to the Americans visiting there, raising cain and it mentions that the American Airmen still owe them for the windows they broke.The only problem we had with the hotel was the fire alarm went off at 2am the first two nights we were there but the staff got the problem fixed or the guy smoking the big Cuban stogie moved out.I would recommend two things for your trip. One is a good guide book to London, I had Insight Guides-London, and a good map of London. I had Berndston &amp; Berndston's city streets of London. It was plastic coated and was absolutely essential because it showed where the sights were, or at least you could find them after reading the book, and it had all the tube station locations which made getting around very easy.	
May 24 2004	The Good the Bad and the Ugly	The Good: Excellent location, fast and reasonably good service, decent room size (Club and normal rooms), most amenities -tv, sat, safe, dvd player, minibar, even iron with folding table available.The Bad: Too much price variation in favour of late bookers, permanently smelly aisle and rooms in need of fresh air before visitors arrival. Aircondition in one of the rooms occupied didn't work during first night, was easily repaired next day, after a freezing wakeup, on request.The Ugly: &quot;Fresh&quot; linen and towels repeatedly dirtier than those being replaced, a malfunctioning toilet and the good old UK &quot;freeze or burn&quot; separate tap problems. A hotel ought to solve this.	
May 18 2004	Not too bad	We stayed at this hotel for one night with a very good last minute internet deal. We got such a good deal we knew we wouldn't get the best room in the hotel, but it might have been the worst room in the hotel. Although there was a king size bed and the room was large and nicely decorated, there were big stains on the carpet. Nice area though and just across the street from the tube stop. 	
May 4 2004	Recommended	We stayed here April 2004 for four days, and we were very happy with the place. The room was large by British standards, and we got a good last-minute deal. The staff was helpful, although it did take a couple phone calls to get our broken remote control replaced. We will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 29 2004	Lobby staff location great; rooms just ok	These reviews are basically right; the staff is very accomodating, the location and the lobby are terrific, but the rooms need some work. When you come in from Heathrow, the hotel is right at the Glocester Rd. tube stop, which is nice when you are tired from the flight over. There were no non-smoking room available at 9 am, but the staff promised and delivered a nice sized room at noon that was non-smoking. It was worn; old carpeting and wallpaper, a so-so bed, and a dated but functional bathroom. But on the other hand, this is about what you would get in NYC for $150. You get what you pay for. We did not do the breakfast, but instead found a GREAT cafe nearby; Cafe Forum. When you come out of the hotel, go right up Glocester St. and just as the hotel ends, it is right there. The food is great and cheap for the area, and with your big morning cup of coffee, you get a free hot croissant!	
Apr 18 2004	Staff nice... little else desireable...	Took into consideration previous reviews and chose the hotel with mixed feelings. Should have listened to my instincts not to book it! The staff was wonderful. We had a great checkin and when our room had a horrid odor they quickly offered 3 alternate rooms for us to choose from. Doris at the front desk was fabulous and when our rooms (we had two) were overheating, she called maintance to check on it . Although the problem was slightly rectified, we used towels to prop up the window to get fresh air. The beds were uncomfortable and the showers were by handheld rather than from wall unit. I also found a couple of our towels and the shower curtain to be stained and dirty. Breakfast was ok... very standard and felt rushed by the waitstaff as they were quick to clear our plates as we finished our last bites. The location is good across the street from the Gloucester Tube station making it easy to get around. The worst was when my young son found a copy of an incredibly raunchy magazine under our bed! It makes me question the thoroughness of the housekeeping staff... and solidified the fact that with so many alternate choices in the area, there is no way we'll stay there again.	
Apr 7 2004	Great staff except on woman in glasses and long hair!	I stayed in this hotel for a long period of time and I am so pleased with the warm greeting of the staff esp Mr. Tim! He is nice enough to give us early check in and also always so cheerful and nice and make you feel so warm. Actually all other staff are nice except one (see the title of this review).The room itself is ok. The bedcover could be cleaner! The housekeeping is adequate and I agree somedays are better than the rest. But overall is ok.The location is really unbeatable. Supermarket and pharmacy plus a 24 hours grocery is all that you need when you are travelling abroad. Also is soooooooooo convenient as it is just steps away from the Tube. It makes you feel safe, esp if you are a woman travelling alone.Breakfast is ok and I prefer the continental instead given the full english is quite oily to be honest for breakfast. Staff in the restuarant are helpful and nice!Having said that, it seems that Gloucester Millennium is a much better hotel next door.......next time I may go to that hotel instead if I am staying in Gloucester Road area. The Tube station itself is convenient as it is a major station for changing lines.	
Feb 18 2004	All in all a good stay	I just returned from a four day stay at the Bailey's. All in all, my stay was fine.Upon arrival, the staff was pleasant and my room was available well before the established check in time of 2 p.m. The room was clean, decorated with a traditional English theme. I had reserved a single queen-bedded room, and the size was perfect for a single person. Although each room has its own safe, I never trust those in-room safes. Hotel staff was more than happy to give me a safe box behind the front desk for which I had my own key. My room faced the street which was nice because it gave me an opportunity to size up the neighborhood, yet the double glazed windows provided good insulation from noise.My room rate - 100 pounds per night - included a full English breakfast and the spread at the hotel did not disappoint and included all the usual staples - eggs, bacon, beans, mushrooms, tomatos. Unfortunately, I don't think my American stomach was ready for such a heavy meal first thing in the morning. If I were to return, I would go with the continental breakfast...much easier to digest when you are on the go.The location was ideal. Steps from the Gloucester Road tube stop and adjacent to a 24 hour market. The pub across the street, Stanhope Arms, proved to be a good starting point for a night out and was also a good place to catch a football or rugby match. Other establishments in the area included Starbucks, Burger King, a fish &amp; chips shop (wouldn't recommend, there are better places to get a good fish &amp; chips meal), a travel shop (perfect for me b/c I needed to buy an extra piece of luggage for all my shopping and the prices were very reasonable), Boot's Pharmacy, Waitrose supermarket, a travel center with an exchange counter and souveniers, and other various restaurants and cafes.I had a couple of complaints when I was checking out and the Hotel Manager sat &amp; listened to me and offered to match my rate with a room upgrade the next time I visited London. All in all, it was a good stay, a safe location for a single woman traveling alone, and I would recommend to anyone visiting London.	
Feb 17 2004	Nice Europe Cruise Ending	Nice hotel, we were there when the hot weather was so bad in London (Aug 2003). The hotel has Air!! and it worked. The room was plesent and large enought for two. The morning breakfast we received was not bad. For a few bucks you had a &quot;full&quot; english breakfast, but we perfered the Contenial breakfast. Good location for everything, Tube access was nextdoor, lots of shopping close by and banking was easy. The folks at the hotel were over-whelm, when they had a gas pipe in the street cut in front of the hotel. But they were nice and had offer us a upgrade breakfast the next morning, due to the lengthy time we all had to wait to get back in. Would stay again, when in London. Oh yea, there is a Irish pub call the Black Widow about 3rd of a mile from the hotel that is worth going to. We stayed there during the gas leak and enjoyed several pints!! Cheres - DuaneO	
Jan 29 2004	Nice hotel bad restaurant	We stayed at Bailey s for 10 days over Christmas this year. Our room was large and pleasant, and although we couldn t adjust the heat, the windows opened. Thus we were able to maintain a comfortable temperature throughout. There were too few drawers for our clothing and not enough hangers, and they were the annoying kind with rings fixed to the pole. The other half of the closet was taken up by the pants press and in-room safeThe bathroom was large and white tiled, and once we discovered how to use the shower, it was great. Plus it had a proper shower curtain!While the room safe was inoperable, the concierge set us up with a safe deposit box, which was just fine. The front desk staff could not have been nicer and more helpful.The pleasant lobby was decorated for the holidays with a large real Christmas tree done up in red and there were various garlands and wreaths about, giving it a festive glow.The hotel is directly across from the Gloucester Road Tube station and there is a Waitrose food store and a Boots Chemist adjacent to the station. There is also a Post Office and an internet service on Gloucester Road, just across Cromwell Road.Housekeeping was a bit of an off-on sort of thing. One day there would be a extra sheet covering the blanket (which I prefer), the next day it would be gone! Several breakfast trays lingered in the hall for 3 days, until we called room service and complained about them. They then vanished.For some reason breakfast was not included with our room. We ventured out trying several unsatisfactory local cafes, until we discovered a gargantuan Holiday Inn about half block away on Courtfield Road. They had wonderful, reasonably-priced full English breakfast and a marvelous breakfast buffet with fruit juice, fresh fruit, yogurt, every sort of cereal, cheese, ham, salami and other preserved meats, all sort of breads, croissants and sweet rolls, and a bottomless cup of coffee.We did have one lamentable dinner at Bailey s on Christmas Eve, which we reserved a day or so in advance. The wait staff and kitchen were clearly overwhelmed, and most things on their special Christmas Eve menu were gone. So we were stuck with whatever the kitchen could conjure up, which turned out to be steaks, not very good and over-priced, accompanied by a remarkably bad bottle of wine.We never had anything more challenging at Bailey s restaurants except for two coffees in the bar on Christmas morning. They were fine.	
Jan 27 2004	Charming Excellent Service Room good use improvement	Stayed for three nights 1/23/04 -- 01/27/04. Cute hotel in a great location... right across from the tube. There are many nice shops and places to eat in the immediate area as well. The staff was exceptionally friendly and went out of their way to make you comfortable. We were able to check in at 8am and checked out late at no additional cost. The breakfast was quite good (though at 15 pounds a robbery) -- ours was included in a package. Otherwise, I'd just walk across the street to any number of cafes or even Starbucks to eat.My only, and minor complaint, was that the room was slightly under par for a four star hotel. It was nice, but a bit small (but not tiny) and slightly worn around the edges. We were in a standard twin and I suspect the doubles are a bit larger and nicer. Unlike the other reviews we didn't have any noise problems and our windows faced the street on the seconds floor. Overall the room was nice enough for all our needs, but lacked any suprises or luxuries.	
Jan 14 2004	Beautiful location. Nice hotel.	We spent a week at Bailey's over the Christmas holidays, and we fell in love with the neighborhood and, to a lesser extent, the hotel. Our room was a little more worn than expected, the receptionist was definitely unfriendly, to say the least, but the location is gorgeous, excellent. And the concierge was very nice and helpful as well. The room was a good size, as was the bathroom. Overall, we probably would stay here again.	
Jan 6 2004	Not as good for the price	During our vacation to the UK and Ireland we stayed in several hotels in different London neighborhoods between excursions. We found that the Millennium Bailey's offered the lowest standards in the price range. In particular the rooms were smaller and felt more &quot;used.&quot; It does however have a very nice location in Knightsbridge among some pricier alternatives and close to the tube.	
Dec 12 2003	Recommended	Friendly staff, clean and cousy rooms and great location ! Everything I was looking for a 2 night visit for 8 people in Nov 2003. Hotel turned out to be as expected with no surprises. Stylish lobby and nice decoration. Staff was helpful and took our backage for a few hours before we could check in on the arrival day. We also got delayed check out for one room. Moving was very convenient as the Gloucester Rd tube station is right across the road. Easy access from Heathrow by Picadilly line. Pubs and restaurants across the road. Nearby is a nice italian cafe where we had breakfast which was not encluded in the discount price (85 pounds per twin room). Perfect choice, I would come again.	
Nov 30 2003	Nice hotel in a good location		
Nov 14 2003	Good all round		
Nov 2 2003 	Excellent Hotel !		
Oct 25 2003	recommended		
Oct 16 2003	Charm and Location		
Jul 25 2003	brill bailey's!!!!!!		
Jul 9 2003	Great Location		
May 14 2003	I recommend the Millennium Baileys!		
Jan 7 2003	Old and Charming....and Old		
Sep 24 2002	A Hot July in London		
Nov 21 2009 	????????????		
Nov 15 2009 	?????		
Nov 11 2009 	Hôtel très correct à Londres		
Oct 26 2009 	Quello che cercavo!		
Jul 21 2009 	??????????????????		
Jun 12 2009 	Tolles Hotel in toller Lage		
May 27 2009 	Bon hôtel 4 étoiles à Londres		
May 25 2009 	????????????		
Apr 21 2009 	????????????		
May 29 2008	Preis-Leistungsverhältnis optimal...		
Mar 19 2008 	Attenzione all'orario di arrivo		
Dec 14 2007 	piacevole		
Dec 14 2007 	Hotel honorable staff de qualité		
Dec 6 2006	Situation imprenable		
