Nov 15 2009 	Excellent location	The hotel is a good value for London. It is close to 2 underground metro stops and the Portobello Market was right around the corner. There are lots of restaurants and shops close by as well as laundry and postal facilities. The room we had was very reasonably sized and the bathroom was also bigger and more modern than expected. The hotel is clean. It is a hit and miss with the hotel reception employees. Some are great, others are not so nice and helpful. We did try the breakfast once or twice. Not very good, nothing what we expected. We are vegetarian and it really makes it hard to have a good breakfast when all you can eat is bread. Overall, I would probably stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great Stay	Recently stayed at The Best Weestern Phoenix Hotel because its sister hotel the John Howward was full. No worries since the Phoenix is also very well situated on the other side of Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park. Queensway has the great shopping mecca &quot; The Whitelys&quot; and a host of restaurants to chose from in the area. Queensway is always bustling and has a livelier atmosphere to the location of the John Howard. The rooms are smaller than the John Howard but they are extremely clean and well cared for. I found the rates extremely reasonable for London Great friendly staff who are always so eager to assist and give you directions around London.Absolutely a wonderful gem in London.	
Nov 10 2009 	good hotel for london	I booked a single room, quite small, but ok for one person. good position, 2 undergroung station nearby, lots of places to eat (most of them fast food). breakfast decent and good. the bathroom much more modern than the room.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great value	Second stay here, good experience both times. Clean, great location, good size room. Comfortable bed. Check in/out can be busy. Breakfast is good, lots of choice. Close to both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations. Great shopping and restaurants nearby. Will always try to get a room at this hotel when visiting London. Great value.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Location Great rooms and the friendliest staff I have every experienced	I don't normally write reviews, but I've just returned from a weekend in London with three cousins (all girls). We stayed in a family room at the Phoenix which had 4 single beds... in a really large room, with tea/coffee free wifi and a really spacious bathroom... perfect for 4 girls getting ready to go out. The hotel staff were so nice and spent lots of time recommending things for us to do. There is also a really cute wood pannelled bar, although not that busy was great for a little drink before going out and when we returned. Breakfast was a real suprise as there was so much choice on the buffet, although it was the same both days but really set you up for the day. The area is great and only minutes walking from two tube stations but loads of resturants within walking distance if you did not want to travel. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location	Location - The location of Phoenix is great. While we got around the city by Tour Bus and Cabs, the Queensway, which is just around the block is a great late evening shopping location. Kensington Palace, Portbello Road, Hyde Park are all within walking distance.Rooms - The hotel is an aggregation of double storied buildings, which have rooms laid along connected corridors. We got a room for 3 which was large by London standards, with a picture window on the road,Service - The service was good, save that some staff had some problems with English ! Breakfast was good. Be careful, though, as the eggs-to-order are not included and are billed as extra.	
Oct 18 2009 	tiny but worth it	I stayed here for 8 nights in early October, I had a single room on the 3rd floor facing the street.The hotel is nice, quaint could be used very easily. Starting off from the moment I got there things went well. The front desk checked me in, gave me my room key (an actual key, not a card) and the info so I could use the hotel's free wifi. When I got to the room it was tiny, I'm a big guy so it felt very tiny. I could easily touch two opposite walls standing in the middle of the room. The bed was a single but fairly comfortable. There is a small desk, tv and armoire in the room. The bathroom was just as tiny with a shower stall. Housekeeping did a good job keeping my room in order.The ladies at the front desk were helpful, some more than others. At the worst they were disinterested, they helped you if you asked for something but no friendliness. Most of the ladies were not like this. After the 2nd day I pretty much didn't have to tell them my room number, they would just hand me my key. Patricia in the office helped me out with my reservation and let me use the office computer to print off something.Breakfast, boring but plenty of it. I stuck with the continental breakfast and it was the same every morning, The ladies that worked down there were always polite.My only piece of advive is try to get a room that doesn't face the street, the hotel can't do anything about it but peopel are very loud as they go by and there is roadwork being done at the moment and I think they start about 8am. I would stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	decent lodging in london	room was very small, yet it was conveniently located close to kensington gardens	
Oct 9 2009 	Back again and still ok	Had not been to the BW Phoenix , Bayswater, London for over a year. Found it 's still ok for me. Furniture may be dated to you taste. Carpet of my room (203) was showing wear/tear as did wallpaper. Shower/toilet room small. Room came with tv, hair-dryer, coffe/tea making facilities. Breakfast still ok. Staff still very helpful &amp; kind. If unfamiliar with the hotel: breakfast-room can be full if you're not early. There's only 1 elevator so between say 08:00 and 10:00 when breakfast is served, guests are checking out, and rooms start to be cleaned, you may opt for the stairs. If you don't mind trafic-noice go for a front room with view of the private garden/park. I loved waking up in the morning hearing wind in the trees &amp; birds singing. Hotel is within walking distance of Hyde Park, Queensway (plenty restaurants), Whiteleys shopping centre (small), Queensway tube station of the Central Line and Bayswater tube station (Circle &amp; District). I'd checked the hotel's rates on Tripadvisor in euros using the currency selection field on the left side of Tripadvisor screen to see if a stay was affordable. The price shown on the screen while selecting the hotel &amp; booking it through fastbookings.com, definitely did not tally with the bill I had to pay at the end of my stay. What was supposed to be the amount in euros turned out the be the amount in UK pounds. So travellers beware!	
Sep 22 2009 	Average hotel in a good location	you won't be dissapointed, if you don't expect much from this hotel.the rooms are small and noisy but clean and have free wlan. the breakfast is poor and the breakfast room is often cramped. the front desk staff could be friendlier. the location is good though.	
Sep 15 2009 	Recommended good value	LOCATION Great location, especially for first timers - short walk to Hyde Park, so quite centrally located - short walk to two Tube stations (therefore access to Cirle, District and Central Line) - surrounded by many other hotels, so while you won't really meet any locals, there are a lot of tourist-y shops, fast food and late night minimarkets and even a small shopping mall around, which can come in handy - safe neighborhood (at least it felt safe enough to me, a solo woman traveler) --&gt; ROOMS All together good - old building, which makes it charming in my book, but also showing in creaking floorboards under the carpet, hearing every sound from the hall and - once - old fuses popping out (which was taken care of right away) - rooms are a little tired, but overall enjoyable and - most importantly - clean - comfortable beds - clean - and in comparison - new bathrooms with lots of hot water and good water pressure - keys (left at reception upon leaving the hotel), no modern keycards --&gt; STAFF Overall good - they were polite enough, but not overly motivated - answered questions and assisted where needed (as seen with other guests) - breakfast staff seemed a little overwhelmed but got the job done in the end - cleaning service was good, felt safe enough to leave valuables in the room (tipped them, though) --&gt; OTHER - small bar (not used) - cute little lobby that felt like a living room - computer with internet (for a fee) in the lobby - safety deposit box at front desk free of charge - breakfast not great, but enough to get you started (a breakfast person might want to plan ahead for eating out) CONCLUSION: Would go there again anytime, especially for good value. Got a good price over christmas, 4 nights for approx. 250 € (360 $) for a single ensuite room, which is quite cheap by London standards. Might not be worth the normal rack rates, though.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great location	We stayed in a tiny, tiny room with great views. Apparently rooms in London are notoriously small so I wasn't that surprised when we found that you could only walk around two sides of the bed and the bathroom door couldn't open all the way as it hit the bed. The bed was comfortable enough, the breakfast was very good and the service friendly, so a great for the price.	
Aug 3 2009 	An avaerage and old hotel	Stayed for 3 nights in December 2006, very small room, very old and squeaky bed. Nothing special about this hotel but good location and very good and stylish bar! Next time would spend 5 pounds more and stay in more comfortable/clean Ibis.	
Jul 28 2009 	The service and hotel was good great location and decent price	I chose this hotel mainly because the reviews were so consistent- This hotel is very conveniently located in Bayswater, near two subway lines and lots of shops and places to eat. (Avoid the nearby Pizza Hut, it's dreadful.) The staff was very helpful and the rooms were adequate. NOTE - if it is hot, you will suffer as the rooms are small and there is no air con. The service at breakfast was quick, the breakfast itself was good. Single rooms are VERY small, but overall the price is right, the place is clean and it is, most importantly, as described in most of the other reviews. No surprises, which is very important to me when I pay in advance for a room! I too had a multi level single room, but given how small the room was, it was actually nice to have the bed on a second level. The rooms on the bottom floors are probably even warmer, so request an upper floor would be my suggestion. This hotel is about a 6 pound taxi ride from Paddington, which is where the Heathrow Express brings you in from the main international airport, so that makes this even cheaper for those of us with too much luggage to take the tube.	
Jul 23 2009 	Clean room safe area and decent value	I checked out a variety of hotels through Trip Advisor and eventually chose this one because a review said it was a safe area. The price was not out of the way either. When I arrived I noticed the hotel's reception was clean and the decor a bit dated. The staff were pleasant...some reviews had mentioned unfriendly and I can understand why. I would say a bit cold rather than unfriendly. They were perfectly pleasant to me. As a solo traveller I expected a bit of discrimination (although solo travellers really shouldn't be discriminated against) and my room was tiny. But I just needed a bed. The shower / toilet room was small but spotless. The room's decor was dated but again the room was clean. I had tea/coffee facilities, toiletries, access to a safe (in reception)and somewhere to hang my clothes. The hotel was a good budget one for London very near to two great tube stations and Kensington Gardens and I felt safe. Breakfast was fresh, nothing outstanding. I'd have no hesitation in recommending this hotel based on my experience.	
Jun 13 2009 	Good hotel.	Great location in Bayswater near to 2 metro stops (Bayswater and Queensway), also near to shops, restaurants and Hyde Park. The room was clean and quiet. Staff were fairly courteous, although we wanted to check into our room early since we took the red eye over to London. They had told us over the phone prior to the trip that they could not guarantee anything and when we arrived there we had to wait in the lobby for 30 minutes. The rate is decent for London and comes with a very nice breakfast. Room was small and basic but came with free wifi. I would stay here again.	
May 31 2009 	GREAT VALUE HOTEL FOR LONDON STANDARTS	I ve stayed at phoenix hotel in november 2008.The location is great 2 metro stations 5 min walk(Bayswater green and yellow line and Queensway red line).The hotel was very clean with descent breakfast and the staff was very helpfull.Rooms were well heated very clean but a little bit small as the most hotel rooms in London.The area near the hotel(Bayswater) is very safe, quiet with a lot of restaurants and shops.I definetly suggest it for great budget SAFE stay in london	
May 27 2009 	Stay away from this hotel	staying in the below hotel last month for a business trip. Despite their describtion , it is a dreadful hotel. The staff were extremely rude to me (I checked in late, it may have been night staff) and the room was without doubt the worst I have ever stayed in.I spend a lot of time in London, and have stayed at various locations, this is without doubt, the worst hotel room I have ever seen, and absolutely not as described in any of their advertisments It was not fit for purpose, the bed linen was old and dirty, my single room was so small there was barely room for my luggage. The decor and furnishings were old and shabby beyond belief.Do yourself a favour and stay away from it!	
May 13 2009	Great Value	My mother and I stayed at this hotel. We had separate single rooms. We checked-in on May 9th and checked-out on May 12th. We paid about 76 Pounds per night for each room. We booked the room on the Best Western site in the beginning of March. Overall I was very pleased with this hotel. The room is small but it was bigger than my room in Paris last year. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The room was clean. The bathroom is pretty small. We were in rooms 203 and 204. The staff is fine. They are neither rude nor very nice. There is a computer next to the lobby that you can use for 1.5 Pounds for 30 minutes. There is a complimentary Continental Breakfast. It consists of croissants, toast, fruit (apples and oranges), cereal and yogurt. The breakfast was okay. The hotel is close to Kensington Gardens. Here are a couple of little things that bothered me about the hotel: 1. The walls are pretty thin so you can hear quite a bit from the rooms next to you (I wore ear plugs when I went to sleep so it was fine) 2. There was a stain on the comforter (the main thing is that the sheets were clean!)Here are exact instructions on getting from Heathrow Airport to the hotel (it is only 4 Pounds) (it takes about an hour):1. After you leave the Arrivals area at Heathrow, walk to the right and go down to the Underground. The walkway down is located by the bathrooms. The subway in London is called Underground. It is also known as the The Tube.2. We purchased a ticket from the person at the counter for 4 Pounds to get to the Bayswater station3. You will be getting on the Picadilly Line at Heathrow. You will get off at the Earl's Court station.4. At the Earl's Court station, you will take the District Line to the Bayswater station. You will want a District Line train that is going to Edgware Road.5. When you leave the Bayswater station, you will be on Queensway Road. Take a left.6. You will walk about a block or so to Porchester Gardens Road. Take a left. At this intersection, there is a Whiteley's on the other side of the street.7. Walk about a block and the Phoenix Hotel will be on the left side of the street.	
May 11 2009 	Top value.	We were 3 persons who wanted individual beds. We got room nr XI, on 4. floor. There were 4 large comfortable beds, enough space but not spaceous. A small wardrobe, could have been larger. Tiny TV. The bathroom was large enough and modern, and clean. The room was also clean. The staff was friendly. Quiet area but thin walls. 4 min walk from Bayswater Underground. 1 min walk from large shoppingcentre, 1 min from Boots, 1 min from busy street with bars, restaurants etc. 3 min from beginning of Notting Hill area. There were no airconditioning, one elevator (take the stairs on the way down in busy morning hours). Watch your head in the breakfastarea! You really risk banging it if you are tall and not careful. Breakfast was good enough to get the day started. I think it was great, and it doesn't take much for me to be critical.	
May 2 2009 	Great choice	We have stayed at Best Western Phoenix from the 26th of December until the 2nd of January. The breakfast was decent and the staff really helpfull. The unique advatage of this hotel is its location. Two metro stations in a 5 minute walk! Also, the area is quiet, something that we really liked. Many stores are around the hotel and that was very good for the days that we didn't want to go downtown. The room was heated very well and the bathroom was good enough.	
Apr 28 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	I stayed at the Phoenix hotel for 8 nights, and would have to be nit picking to find things to complain about. I had a double room, which was certainly spacious enough, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom had a great shower and the bath towels are large. Wash cloths are not in the bathroom, but are available at the front desk.The hotel was very clean, and the free wi-fi was great. The free continental breakfast was nothing spectacular, but certainly served its purpose. Location was terrific, very near the Bayswater and Queensway underground stations, so its easy to get anywhere from those stations. I had read a few reviews that mentioned the staff was not friendly, but of the 4 or 5 people that manned the front desk, most were very nice.I stayed on the 3rd floor facing the street, so it could get a bit noisy outside at times, but luckily I was too tired from walking all over the city to mind.There are certainly cheaper places to stay, but I'm sure you would sacrifice some things to stay at one of the less expensive hotels.Overall, I would heartily recommend the Best Western Phoenix Hotel.	
Apr 26 2009 	Would definitely stay there again!	I stayed in this hotel for my UK trip that ended in London last year (and am finally getting around to posting a review). The Ritz it isn't, but I wasn't expecting it to be, and it really was the perfect hotel for everything I needed in London.I was a female (mostly solo) traveller, and felt perfectly comfortable using this hotel as my base (though to be fair I wasn't out until the very wee hours). It's right near a busy and bustling street that has everything you need, but just off it which eliminates noise or any other concerns. There are two tube stations within just a few minutes walking distance, which was my mode of transportation outside of my own two feet, which allowed access to everywhere in London. Kensington Park is only a few minutes walk as well. Technically I did walk from the hotel to venues like Harrods and even Buckingham Palace, but unless you have a lot of time and energy you will probably be using public transportation to get to any of the main touristy things.The room itself was small, but no more so than any other place I'd stayed in Europe. There was plenty of room for the stand to put my luggage on, and to maneouver around it as well. The bed was perfectly clean and comfortable. The bedding etc was older, but not worn or threadbare. The bathroom was a perfectly adequate size, and very well kept. The one downside to the room and the surrounding hallways was the lack of air conditioning, however I had no problems just by using the little fan that they provided and keeping my window open (and I don't tolerate excessive heat for sleeping well). The one thing that was mildly annoying was the bulky keys/key chains, however with my large purse it wasn't an issue. I ended up using the available computer in the lobby area most evenings to keep in contact with people back home. One of the internet cafes would have been cheaper, but for the convenience at night it wasn't a bad price. Outside of one evening when a large group was taking turns, there were no issues when I wanted to use it. The small bar was very quiet and sedate even at night (pro or con depending on how you look at it). The staff were fine, though not overly helpful. I wasn't impressed with two of them - however it never detracted from my stay. They were kind enough to store my luggage in their back room the last day as I didn't fly out until later, and it was there and as left when I returned. The breakfast that was included with the site I booked through was adequate, but not memorable.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The one downside was the lack of A/C, but never to an extent even in the middle of summer that I had any problems. It was also (relatively) close to the train station, however you certainly couldn't handle it walking with significant luggage - it was convenient walking there for my day trip out of the city, however for taking the Heathrow express from Paddington to the airport I did cave and take a cab there as the metro was simply too much of a hassle with luggage and walking was a little far.	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent value for money	We stayed four nights last week-end. The hotel is perfectly located, the area is full of ethnic restaurants, and several shops; Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are quite close to the hotel, and Hyde Park / Kensington gdns. are an easy stroll. The room, on the 2nd floor, was basic but larger than you may expect at a tourist hotel in London, very clean and quiet (our room had the window on the square but we never had any noise); maybe no one was in the rooms next to our, but we hardly could hear any voice or noise from other guests, and the hotel looked pretty full.The bathroom was big enough, and completely refurbished; very good shower flow, only inconvenience there was no bidet, but that's the rule in the U.K. The TV channel choice was limited, but this did not represent a problem; wi-fi web connection is not always at full speed, but is free and, in any case, good enough for a web browsing/e-mail use.The continental breakfast was OK, not too much variety but always plenty of food. The personnel of the hotel was kind and attentive, and any request we had was answered quickly. We had no problem with their english and, in any case, they did not have to keep a conference on us...In a nutshell, a good hotel and a very good value for our money, much better than others hotels in the area; if this will be the standard even for the future, for sure we'll come back.	
Mar 19 2009 	Some flaws but a descent experience	I stayed here for six nights. The room was tiny, about 7'x14, but I guess that's pretty common for a single in London. The room was clean and despite leaving the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign up, there were clean towels waiting outside my door everyday when I returned. The free wireless Internet was perfectly serviceable, even with the low signal strength I was getting.The free continental breakfast was very good with a nice assortment of breads, rolls, cereals, croissants, fruit, yogurt and juices, and the waitstaff was very polite. Its a very short walk from both the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, so that was convenient, and the nearby street had a wide variety of useful shops and economical ethnic cuisine and fast food.Now the flaws. Despite the cool March nights, the room was quite warm and I had to sleep with my window open to be comfortable. The problem with that is the hotel is adjacent to a very busy street, so loud passersby from the nearby pubs, bars and restaurants were quite annoying at all hours of the night, forcing me to sleep with earplugs. Also, they were renovating the room next to mine, and the work started at 8 A.M.. As that is when I was getting up anyways, it didn't present an issue, but someone that wanted to sleep in would have been disturbed.For what I paid, (less than $90/night) I would say it was a pretty good deal, but would be concerned about re-booking a room in warmer weather.	
Feb 27 2009 	Excellent value for money	Came as part of a group. Can't fault the service or hotel. The staff were really friendly and helpful, the location was superb, a good area and lots of good restaurants within a minute's walk. The bathroom was good size, and the room was immaculately clean. Breakfast self service continental but fine. For value for money,can't fault. Another plus point is the bar (large glass red wine only £2.50). Look forward to returning soon.	
Jan 7 2009 	Basic but comfortable	We stayed one night at the Phoenix before taking the Eurostar. We arrived in the evening and immediately had trouble with the staff. The receptionist barely spoke any English and did not think to tell my wife where our room actually was other than &quot;you can't take the lift&quot;. When I returned to enquire I got the directions with an air of contempt from her. The room XIV between the ground and first floors, the bar tender whom we met on the way by contrast was very helpful. The room itself was comfortable and warm, and the bathroom was clean and unusually big for a London hotel. Bizarrely it had 4 single beds instead of the double we had booked, but the beds were clean and comfortable.The next morning the included breakfast was tolerable, but the staff again did not speak English particularly well.	
Jan 4 2009 	great inexpensive hotel	We booked this hotel as a package through BA. To be honest, I was worried with the rating. We usually do 5 stars in Europe. We were very happy with the location, Short walk to tube, and very convenient to many restuarants. The room was suprisingly large with a new bathroom and a loft area for my teenage daughter. The staff was over the top helpful!!! They even included breakfast :)	
Dec 28 2008	Good location - good for London	Chose this hotel for three reasons. Best Western is an average standard so thought it won't be too bad, price was good (not too cheap &amp; not too dear) &amp; finally located near tube stations (handy as our main mode of transport).Upon checkin we received no smiles, no customer service at all &amp; the ladies could barely speak english. The hotel employs alot of Russians &amp; in fact the whole area it was difficult to find anyone actually English but that wasn't a drama for us.The hotel was clean and seemed to have all things necessary &amp; was a nice little place. The rooms were not big but hey that's London. They were warm, we had a pleasant view &amp; they were very clean &amp; the beds comfy. Only criticism would be the bathroom which was very small. Shower was half or less than half the size of a standard shower, you were in trouble if you dropped the soap! There wasn't really anywhere of any reasonable size to put a toilet bag or two &amp; towels. On checkout we had a man on reception &amp; he was no friendlier, not even a thank you for staying or anything. The customer service really was what let this place down &amp; can so easily be fixed. It doesn't cost anything for a smile or a hello as people come &amp; go but we got nothing like this. The area was good, lots of shops from the tube to the hotel so one could pick up anything from a salad in a tub to subway, KFC, chinese etc - all prices to suit. Most people in the shops in this area &amp; surrounding areas are foreign, asians, muslims, russians or others. Oh &amp; there is no fridge in the room only tea &amp; coffee &amp; that only got filled up once.	
Nov 27 2008 	Great hotel great location	This hotel was great!!! I have stayed at many hotels and this one was the cleanest by far. The location was extremely convenient. i went with my sister and brother-in-law who live in Endland as well as a friend. We were within easy walking distance to two different tube stops as well as bus stops. Queensway was up the block with great souvenier stores, Tescos, Boots and many different places to eat. The complimentary breakfast had more than enough variety to keep us satisfied and full. The staff was very helpful as well. I had left my adapter at my sisters house and couldn't charge either my phone or camera, but the front desk loaned me one for the duration of my stay. I am planning on going back in February and have no hesitation about staying here again.	
Nov 11 2008	Great hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Best Western Phoenix hotel when we were in London for New Years Eve 2007 and were really pleased with our stay. I go to London quite often so I have stayed in several hotels over the years, but for it's pricerange this is the best. The staff were extremely helpful and serviceminded, the room was clean and ok size and the location is great. Plus the price of the room was more than exeptable! I would absolutely recomend this hotel to others travelling to London.	
Oct 26 2008 	Horrible.	I really only planned to sleep there and nothing else, but even that didn't work. I slept in a single bed room and it was loud outside. Closed window didn't help. The person in the room next to me showered at 2 am and you could hear everything. The state of the bedroom was disgusting. Bed sheets stank. Bathroom was nice and new. Breakfast was ok.	
Oct 22 2008 	Cheap but better around Paddington for a little more cash	Its clean, small, cheapish, good breakfast, quiet street, old and creaky, has internet PC at small charge, short stays on budget only. Night shift staff a little grumpy but who wouldnt be at night. Can really complain too much so gave it above average for the price.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Location and Fair Price	Just got back from a 6 day, 5 night stay at the Phoenix. In a word, the hotel and the rooms (we stayed in a room for 3 that included a queen bed and a single on the other side of the room) are basic. The rooms are relatively small and the hotel amenities are few. However, the rates are reasonable by London standards, the place is clean, and the included continental breakfast is decent. A recent addition is free wireless internet access throughout the hotel (you have to obtain a code and password from the front desk). Our bathroom also appeared to have been recently done over. A couple of negatives were the one very small elevator that seemed to have a mind of its own, the inside temperature of our room (it was always very warm and you can only open the windows about 7-8 inches), and the difficult time you have getting ice (you go to the bar and get a small cup filled).The biggest positive of this place is its location. It is very close to two tube stops (Bayswater and Queensway), which makes it very easy to get to many attractions such as the houses of parliment, big ben, the london eye, Thames River cruises, the Tate Modern, Buckingham Palace, the Tower of London, London Bridge, St. Paul's Cathedral, and more (you can get to most of these through the Bayswater stop on the &quot;Circle Line&quot; tube line). The hotel is also within walking distance to the Notting Hill area and Kensington Park and Palace. The Bayswater area also has many nice and reasonably priced ethnic restaurants and there is a shopping center just down the street where you can buy food, wine, beer (that's why we were looking for ice), snacks, and more. In all, I would stay there again and I recommend this place to anyone who values price and convenience over elegance and prestige.	
Oct 12 2008 	good location fair price	I stayed there 2 nights in september in a single room, as I wanted to visit London : perfect location, you have shops and restaurants just around the corner, and the tube is only 200 m away. As I will have to get used to, rooms in London are just as small as a closet, but the bathroom is clean and new, what is important for me. Be early and go and have breakfeast before 8.30 AM or you will have to queue. I would return to this hotel if I get a good price, I paid 70 £ / night.	
Oct 2 2008 	Basic all the Way	I booked this hotel mainly for the location. It appeared to be very convenient to tube stations, shops etc., and I was not disappointed. The tubes were close enough even for a &quot;non-walker&quot; like me. The choice of restaurants and pubs was extensive. Now to the hotel itself: the best word is &quot;basic&quot;. The single room I had was tiny (even by London standards), and the bathroom was reminiscent of a bathroom on board ship!! The carpet looked as though a good cleaning wouldn't hurt - but everything else was clean. I was amazed to discover one face cloth is issued to each guest ...... but you won't get another one unless you go to the front desk and request one!! There is an elevator, but it was out of service one morning which meant walking up and down five floors - not a good prospect four months after knee surgery!!The receptionists were very helpful and friendly. The free breakfast was very good, and the cooked breakfast was good though a bit high priced.Not a great hotel for a vacation, but if you are planning on being out all day and just need a place to sleep - it's not bad.	
Sep 20 2008 	Great location good value	As many others have described, the hotel is very close to 2 tube stations. Bayswater stop is closest which gives you access to the Circle and District lines. Queensway tube is a bit farther and that gets you access to the Central line. There are restaurants, pubs, and shopping right down the street from the hotel. Hyde Park and the Notting Hill area are just a short walk. Room: Small but clean. Comparable to other European hotels I've stayed in. No air conditioning, but the hotel did provide a fan. No mini-bar/fridge. A continental breakfast was included (toast, juice, cereal, etc. - nothing fancy).	
Aug 27 2008 	Good Location	The Hotel is situated in Bayswater.5 min.walk is located underground station. The room was big enough, if you compare it with rooms from other hotels.The negative was that it was no fridge in the room.Very clean with good heating.The service of the personnel was very good and especially from the reception (A girl from Spain).Very close is Pharmacy, Restaurants and mini markets and shopping center.It was great and definitely I would choose this Hotel again...!	
Aug 25 2008	Superb location great affordable hotel	This hotel represents exactly what the other reviewers say, which is an affordable, clean hotel in a perfect location.Pros: Location (3 minutes from Bayswater station, 5 minutes from Queensway station - walking). Restaurants are numerous - maybe 30-40 - between the Queensway station and the hotel. Internet computer in lobby (usually busy though). Internet cafe across the street at Whiteley's (a small mall). Free breakfast which met our needs (coffee/tea, bread/croissants, jams, ham, yogurt, cereals/milk, canned fruit). Staff was friendly, although we never asked for much. Safe area. The area felt good and we stuck to the major streets. No problems. The hotel also has a safe downstairs at checkin that you can use for your time (for free, and you keep the key to your box). Pubs are down the street - maybe a 1.5 minute walk at most.Cons: No AC. Even when it's cool outside, those who need quiet to sleep will have to shut the windows and tough it out. It's warm, but they do have portable fans.As you can see, the pros outweigh the cons, and although it was warm in our room, the location and affordability more than made up for it. Book this hotel with ease and enjoy your stay.	
Aug 19 2008	Great value family room	Great location close to Bayswater tube. Booked on the morning of my stay with LateRooms and got a room for 4 people for well under £100. Ideal for our family - breakfast was better than expected as well!!Great places to eat in Queensway, so altogether a great location.	
Aug 19 2008 	Nice!	The staff is really nice. The room was clean and most of all small but that's typical for London. The location was great! really near to hyde park and one of the biggest underground tube place. Breakfast wasn't that great but yeah...it's London..	
Jul 31 2008 	Good small hotel	Got a free night here with my british airways ticket. Nice small hotel in historic neighborhood in central London around the corner from the Bayswater underground station. Near many restaurants and Whitley's shopping center and short walk to Hyde ParkVery clean though small single room with a tiny bathroom. Friendly staff, nice lobby with sofas, a bar, and internet access for a fee, wi-fi for free if the signal is good. They also have travel adapters for electrical outlets for you to borrow. Nice continental breakfast usually included, full hot breakfast for a fee. No air-conditioning but thankfully the windows open and there was a small fan in the closet. This hotel actually has an elevator so would be good for people with disabilities.	
Jul 27 2008 	Good economy accomodation for short stay in Central London	When booking this Hotel, we were looking for no frills budget accomodation that supplied a good breakfast and central, yet quiet location.And that is essentially what we got. There were some initial problems with being allocated the wrong room and then we had to move as soon as cases were unpacked but otherwise this was an efficient stay.Unless you book a suite, it will be a very small box room however, not ideal for an extended stay.It appears that the bathrooms have been recently refurbished.Ideal location for all the usual attractions i.e. Hyde Park, Kensington, Knightsbridge, Kings Road, Oxford Street etc. 2 Tube stations very close by (Bayswater and Queensway).If you are coming to London to stay for an odd night for the theatre (as we did) etc. then this is an acceptable option.If your booking includes a complimentary breakfast, then please note it is a buffet/continential offering. You will have to pay an extra premium for a 'full english'.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good location really nice staff	My daughter and I went to London on pleasure for 5 days/4 nights, through a special with British Air that included this hotel. I could tell from looking up the hotel online and from the reviews on trip advisor, that we would probably be okay, but I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the hotel was. Plus, it was extremely close to both the Bayswater and Queensway Underground stations which provides you access to three different lines (Central Line, Circle Line and District Line). There was just about any kind of food you could want in the area and we even went Ice Skating at the Queen's Ice and Bowl one evening (which was wonderful in the July Heat) right on Queensway (included for free on the London Pass).The desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The breakfasts were ample (yogurt, croissants, cereal, toast, farmer's cheese, ham, juice and coffee) and you could order a full English Breakfast or an omelet for a nominal price if you wanted more. There is a small pub on premises that is open late and internet access in one of the 3 small lobby rooms (for a fee). There is also an internet cafe around the corner on Queensway that is very inexpensive. So, all in all, I give this hotel a big thumbs up!!	
Jul 18 2008 	Great	After reading reviews of the Best Western Phoenix in London, I was worried about staying here, but when I arrived and checked in, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is located really close to the Bayswater Tube station, which made it perfect for getting around town. The hotel staff was friendly, there was cheap internet access, and the included breakfast was pretty good after the other continental breakfasts I was used to having in other European countries. The room was terrific, I was staying with a friend, but we had requested a room with 3 beds, since there was no extra charge. Instead we were given a room with 4 beds, which was nice and spacious (again this is in comparison to the tiny hotel rooms we'd had in other countries.) The room was clean and had a fan, so it didn't get too hot. Overall, I would stay here again if I were in London.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good choice	Having returned from the Best Western Phoenix Hotel in Bayswater I recommend this hotel to budget travellers who want a clean accomodation in a tourist-friendly area of Central London.The building is a terrace house and the interior design is plushy, so don´t expect a modern/puristic styled place.Room: small but still reasonably sized (was able to move without hitting the furniture, no need to walk sideways).The room was furnished with a bed (clean sheets, good mattress), a desk with a chair and small tv on top, a small wardrobe and a tiny bench for luggage. There was also a hot water kettle for preparing tea/coffee. The bathroom though was very tiny (ca. 2.50 m x 1.50 m), and was equipped with a shower cubicle, toilet and a mini sink. It was ok for me as I´m just 5.5 ft. (1.65 m), but tall or big folks, think twice. The overall cleanness of the rooms was good.Breakfast: buffet: rolls, croissants, sausage, cheese, müsli, joghurt, marmelade, jam, coffee/tea. Quality I´d say, was average.Staff: friendly, had no problems with any of them.Location: In Bayswater, you can walk to Paddington Station for airport connection (Heathrow Express, ca. 20 minutes walk), there are 2 Underground Stations near the hotel and it is a 3 minutes walks to Bayswater Road where buses go directly to Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus and Victoria Station. The area is very tourist-friendly with many restaurants, money exchange, ticket shops, small supermarkets etc. nearby.To sum it up I´d say the Best Western Phoenix Hotel Bayswater is one of the better hotels of this price category though it doesn´t compare to the Best Western Hotels I stayed in in the States (might be interesting to know for people from the US). I found the standard of this one a little lower than the usual Best Western chain hotel, but then, you´re in London.	
Jul 7 2008 	Good location convenient for tourists but loud	This hotel is in a great location, just a short walk from 2 tube stations and near fast food, touristy shops, a nice mall and cinema, and some good ethnic and authentic restaurants. The streets are loud, which is a pain because the rooms get quite hot (even in February with the heat off) so you'll need the windows open, there is no fan. The rooms are small by American standards and the pillows are lumpy, but the maids are accommodating, though I recommend you not have them clean your room as their version of cleaning is spraying some aerosol perfume all over the room. If you're just using this as a place to sleep and rest, it's fine. There's a quaint little bar, a very slow computer you have to pay to use, and a decent continental breakfast buffet included in the price. The location is the best asset, it's in a safe area close to 2 tube stops- about a 5 minute walk. It's also near Kensington Gardens. I'm not sure how this place would be in the summer, because I don't think it has air conditioning and it was unbelievably hot in the winter. The staff are friendly, you can leave your key at the front with them when you go out each day. They'll let you leave your bags with them if you arrive before check-in. Overall a decent but not luxurious place in a very good location, with some loud street noise that is especially easy to hear with the open windows (no screens either).	
Jun 17 2008 	Worked for us!	Just returned from a week in London. There were 4 of us in our party so we booked a 'quad' room at this hotel. Like others, we were a little anxious about what we would find due to the wide range of reviews on this hotel. Our room was on the 4th floor and we found a nice-size room with 4 twin beds in it. It looked exactly like the picture provided on the website. The beds were comfortable and the linens were clean. Bathroom (also nice-size) was spotless and was kept that way throughout the stay. A large fan was already provided and waiting in the room for us. Staff was friendly and helpful for questions (although there is a little bit of a language barrier for some). Complimentary breakfast was good! A great location on a fairly quiet street for shopping and ideal for riding the 'tube'. Downfalls: no A/C during the day is a bit of a problem as the room does get heated up but at night (with a fan) the room was very comfortable. Leave windows open! There are no vending machines and no ice machine on the property and only one outlet in the room is an inconvenience for 3 women (including 2 teenagers) trying to get ready in the morning. TV only had 5 channels but it's okay, we were gone most of each day and don't go on vacation to watch TV. Bring an alarm clock, the 'wake-up' call worked about 50% of the time during the week. We will definitely consider staying here again should we come to London.	
Jun 9 2008 	Bad Bad Bad	Do not believe the reviews below. Don't do it. We were scheduled to have a one-night stay at the Phoenix on our way back from Paris, and, based on the reviews written here, this looked like a pretty good hotel value. I can tell you it is not. The gory details follow below.Upon our Saturday night arrival, we were given a &quot;ground floor&quot; room (G-10, if I recall) that, when we opened the door, was notable for three things - (1) the worn, 1980's era 'Kansas motel' decor (including a bedspread that was clearly 15+ years old); (2) a wide open window, and (3) a horrible mildew smell that pervaded the room and made it smell like a crypt. Upon seeing this, we went back to the desk and asked to be switched to the other room. The woman at the front desk appeared irritated and told us there were no other rooms, but, after asking her to see the room roster she had in her hand, she conceded she had one other room. She then led us to another room (this time the 'basement' level) that may well have had the same mildew smell but for the acrid smell of cigarette smoke that had leeched into every square inch of the room. (Hoping to have us accept the room, she helpfully added &quot;it has a flat screen!!!). We told her this was also unacceptable since we had booked non-smoking. Although she was clearly irritated, we returned to the front desk and asked to be switched to one of the upstairs rooms (of a guest that had not checked in yet.) She begrudgingly relented and pushed a key at us (the hotel does not have modern hotel locks or any modern conveniences - e.g. refrigerator, iron, safe) and sent us to the second floor. When we got there, we found the same decor as the previous two rooms, with a tiny TV (10&quot; max) shoved in the corner of a worn out desk. (The TV had a melted lower corner, to boot). A small wardrobe and luggage rack were provided for clothes storage, but the remaining luggage had to end up on the desk. The shower and bathroom were clean (thankfully) but incredibly small (think medium closet size). One interesting feature was that the faucet had no mixing of hot and cold water (both came out of the same faucet as separate streams a few millimeters from each other). For electrics, only one outlet was readily available in the room to plug things in, so we couldn't power up anything other than one at a time. We put our things down, cleaned up for a bit, and went out to meet friends for dinner.When we returned, just out of curiosity, I pulled back the bed to see the sheets beneath the bedspread. The first thing I noticed were the multiple (7+) stains on the underside of the spread, including 3 that appeared to be old blood. The sheets were no better - although the sheets were made, there were hairs (not ours!) all over the sheets and pillowcases, making it appear that the bed had been slept in and then made. We called the night clerk (different than the first woman) and he agreed to get us new sheets and pillowcases but insisted on asking us &quot;are you sure you didn't sleep in the bed yet?&quot; (!!!) Shortly thereafter, we got the sheets, made the bed by putting the new sheets over the old sheets and the new pillowcases over the old pillowcases (I did not want to see what the mattresses and pillowcases looked like after seeing the underside of the bedspread), and slept a very uncomfortable 5 1/2 hours in a room with no air conditioning.The only pros, as I see it, of this hotel are the proximity to the Bayswater tube (about 1 1/2 blocks), free wi fi (you have to get a code from the front desk) and the good (included) continental breakfast. This hotel does not live up to the Best Western standard by any means, and do not be fooled by the name when you book.Also, someone here mentioned proximity to Paddington Station. It is not close, so don't book here if you think you can walk to Paddington for Heathrow Express.	
May 28 2008 	A very pleasant surprise!	You want a detailed review? You got it. Sorry in advance ;)I am a frequent visitor to the UK, but generally stay with friends or relatives. This particular time I was by myself and decided to take advantage of London by picking a place in the city core. After reading multiple reviews about the average 3 star in London, I was prepared for the worst - I know that hotels in Europe aren't generally at the same standard as our Canadian hotels, particularly when booking a single room. First: Gatwick Airport to LondonNot as awful as I anticipated. If flying into Gatwick, pre-book tickets on the &quot;Gatwick Express train,&quot; which are available online. You can print the tickets and, if you are travelling overseas, save the trouble of waiting in a long line after an exhausting trans-atlantic flight. A round-trip pass costs approximately $60.00 (CAD) when booking through expedia, though it's roughly the same when converted from pounds if purchased online through the gatwick express site - and well worth the money - it saves you a world of transportation headache. The train takes approximately 30 minutes and runs every 15. It was quick and easy - far easier than the bus. The GE comes into Victoria station. Here, I would HIGHLY recommend purchasing a travel pass for the tubes - if you're a tourist, stick with zones 1-2 - any guidebook should really tell you that anyway. You can purchase the pass for approx. 24.50 pounds per week - otherwise it's 4 pounds from Victoria to Bayswater (where you get off for the Phoenix Hotel), and then if you decide to travel the tubes later you'll have to pay the full amount for the week pass. Just a tip. I accidentally paid the extra, obviously. Live and learn.  The Hotel: It's approximately a 5 minute walk from Bayswater, which is about all I could handle after trudging through Gatwick and Victoria with my massive suitcase (don't worry, no big hills to attack - but there are no elevators in the tube stations and LOTS of stairs, so if you are tubing it, make sure you have a lightweight suitcase). Mapquest the directions as they are easier to follow than my instructions. The location is very ideal for anyone interested in tourism. The Bayswater tube is extremely close to all the tourist attractions in central london, and makes it very convenient when coming back to the hotel during a late night. Check-in was completely easy. Very pleasant lady at the desk. The decor was modern, clean and fresh! Adjacent to the reception area is a bar that doesn't seem to keep any particular set hours, but it's a pleasant enough area to sit and have a glass of wine when it is open. The only problem with this area is that the only internet station is set up directly across from the bar and in plain view of all the &quot;Lager Louts&quot; that had no problem harrassing me when I was trying to check my emails. As a lone girl in a foreign city, I was fairly uncomfortable to say the least. It happened on more than one occasion so my suggestion to the hotel would be to move it to a less conspicuous area. And maybe add another computer - it was really hard to get in any time as someone was always there before I could sneak in! The room itself - #114 - GREAT. Honest. Yes, there was a single bed - a twin size. Super small by North American hotel standards. But hey, I was alone and it was actually VERY comfortable. The bed was actually on an elevated platform with a staircase leading up to it, so I felt as though I had my own private loft! There is a small bathroom with a shower only (no bathtub), again, no biggie. Always clean as a whistle though and nice, modern decor. There is a desk area below the platform with the television, which was quite small and had the usual London total of four stations. Getting satelite would be a very nice customer service addition, in my opinion. However, most people aren't there to watch tv. Right? Room got HOT. I was there during a freak heat wave in the beginning of may - 25-28 degrees every day for a week, so to be fair, I don't think the hotel anticipated it lasting and if they had central AC, it didn't appear to be utilized. I asked for a fan, which was brought promptly and advertised as available in &quot;limited quantities&quot; (note to people who may be there in the summer - check in and get a fan asap) and kept it on me while sleeping and it was completely fine. There is a small safe available for free at the reception desk - use it for your passports! Safety: I generally felt safe in the hotel and relatively safe around it. I had a few late nights and the side road leading to the hotel later on in the evening is a little sketchy, but there always appears to be a gaggle of touristy-looking people meandering around at all hours of the day and night so it felt safe enough. Be on your guard generally in London, though. Breakfast: Very nice indeed! I never ate in the main room myself but usually went downstairs to grab some fruit and a bit of cereal to take up to my room with me. I asked for coffee and they brought it out to me in a full decanter on a tray - terrific service and the coffee wasn't bad - this became my morning routine! That's really all I can tell you about the hotel. It was a really nice surprise considering all the horror stories I had heard of here and from others. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to singles. Now note - I DID look into a room with a double bed. It was VERY cramped looking and I probably would not have been as satisfied. If I go back with my boyfriend I am honestly not sure I would book there as it looked really small for two people. However, I only got a peek or two, so if travelling in a pair, then get your info from someone else who booked a double at the Phoenix. I tried to make this review as general as possible but I am personally recommending this hotel to individuals who are travelling alone and need a single room. NOTE: This hotel was not wheel-chair accessible. Long-winded, I know, but I have tried to be as thorough as possible. Book, go, have a blast! This hotel won't disappoint :)	
May 15 2008 	Good Choice	This was a good location for my first trip to London. Only a few blocks from the Bayswater Metro Station. Safe area with lots of restaurant choices. The hotel room was small as expected, but very clean and quiet. The free cold breakfast buffet was better than expected in a nice basement breakfast room. Very reasonable price for comfortable accomodations.	
May 14 2008 	great location - good base for london tourist	Great location - very close to tube station, restaurants, shops and bars. Staff friendly enough &amp; we didn't experience any major problems. Breakfast very good - good selection for continental. Room clean &amp; comfy bed. Would agree with reviews about heating - couldn't seem to adjust it at all. We stayed in February &amp; although it was quite cold outside, the heat was too much later in the night but this was only a minor problem. Would stay again.	
May 10 2008 	Phoenix Hotel - great base for London holiday	Great hotel in Bayswater which is a bustling area with plenty variety of places to eat. 5 minute walk to Hyde park and about 10 minutes from Notting Hill. 5 minutes from 2 tube stations so handy for tourism. Hotel itself was clean and roomy enough. Good breakfast and friendly helpful staff. Nice bar area. Only drawback was the heating couldn't be adjusted and we found it too hot and leaving window open could become noisy at times. Otherwise would recomment this hotel and would certainly stay again if in London.	
May 5 2008 	Great hotel in Bayswater	I've stayed in the Bayswater area before and I think it's a great section of London to base yourself in. It's close to a couple of tube lines, has all the amenities close by, it's safe, the price is right, and it's close enough to central London to see all the sights.This is a great hotel for this neighbourhood and I would gladly stay here again and recommend it to friends.The shower and toilet facilities (often the most questionable things I come across on my European travels) were impecable. Clean, newly renovated, and in perfect working condition.Every London TA hotel reviewer is obligated to mention (or perhaps even complain) about the small state of the rooms. Yep. They're small. Get used to it. However, The Phoenix is clean, comfortable, and quiet enough.Continental breakfast was quite good....especially for the UK! Lots of cereal, fruit, cheese, yoghurt, and so on to choose from. Optional cooked breakfast cost extra but I didn't try it. I didn't need it. Wait staff is extremely capable and quietly work away to get things done efficiently.Front desk staff were helpful in pointing out night bus routes to me and directing me to a local pub for afternoon football on TV. Didn't use the small hotel bar as there are plenty of larger full service pubs close by.There is a good sized mall nearby with all the amenities.Safe, secure, comfortable, and quiet hotel that I would recommend to friends.	
Apr 18 2008	London for us!!	i stayed in this hotel in october in 2004. the room are very nice and the bathroom very clean but also very small, almost impossible to make the shower!! very close to the underground,maybe 500 meters,and also very close to the kensintong garden and notting hill. the breakfast are not very good (we are italian!!) but its ok because also in london is nearly impossible ti find a good cappuccino. the staff are very friendly, so,i want reccomend this hotel but bayswater its not the our favorite place in london.	
Mar 17 2008 	Keeps up Best Western values	Good location with a Tube station about 5 minutes away. This hotel is right off of Bayswater Road which has a lot of small local stores and a few neighborhood restaurants. On a Saturday night, some of the noise of the drinking crowd drift down to the hotel.Clean, room a good size for a city hotel although the bathroom was a bit cramped. Hotel is totally non-smoking, which is nice. And the lines were not smoky, which isn't always the case.Breakfast was good. Cold, but with a good number of choices. Of course, it never varies.A small bar next to the lobby.Pay internet access, which was terribly slow. I believe they had wireless, however.	
Mar 9 2008 	A very comfortable hotel	I recently went on a girls weekend to London with 3 of my girlfriends. We were looking to stay in the Hyde Park/Bayswater area. We found a great deal on Hotels.com for the Phoenix. We had a very comfortable stay. My two friends were in a much smaller room, but still found it very comfortable. The hotel offered a great location and easy access to the tube. It offered a light brunch in the morning. We were very happy with out stay. If you are a person traveling for sightseeing or work and need only comfort this is the perfect hotel. We didn't spend a ton of time in our rooms, but used it mostly to fall into bed at night and get ready for the next grueling day of sightseeing. : ) I would absolutely stay there again and reccomend it to other people.	
Feb 28 2008 	Only for sleeping	First the pros:The location is good. West London, just by the park. Quiet side street with no disturbing noise compared to other London areas.The price is really good considering that breakfast is included.The bathroom is new and clean.The minuses:Interior is not horrible, but quite worn and you do not feel like walking around in your socks exactly. Colours are murky brown, orange red - and not the trendy kind either.The room first smelled of smoke so I asked to change. I wasn't greeted with a smile but they gave me another room without any fuzz. Outside the elevator was left a tray with half-eaten breakfast on the floor, and this was in the evening so it seems that there is no real inspection of the premises after the cleaning team has gone for the day.Rooms are normal in size, TV is very small and with bad reception. The cupboard smelled old dusty wood, wouldn't hang my best suit in there.The walls are thin, so if the guests next door are a noisy bunch you will hear them.All in all: You can't complain given the prize really, but I could only recommend this as an option to those spending only a few days and with a busy schedule so they don't have to spend so much time in the room. I'm sure there are better options if you are willing to spend a few more quid or if you are flexible with whereabouts you stay.	
Feb 21 2008 	Really nice hotel great location	Had a lovely triple room here, third bed is elevated above the other two, quite characterful! Everything lovely and clean and inclusive continental breakfast as substantial as you want it to be with a lovely choice of cereals and fresh fruit, breads and croissants. Excellent altogether!	
Feb 20 2008 	Good hotel but not for me!	I chose this hotel for business reasons working in London for a week in Feb. Its a real shame that it didn't score higher for me. I had stayed in some real horrors before and after a quick visit to the hotel, I seemed delighted to secure a room for a week. To be fair the hotel is clean and quite modern except for the lack of air conditioning which some of you may question as it was Feb, however, the weather was quite mild and the room was stifling. If my stay was taken in the summer then it would have been unbearable.I did seek the use of a fan, however, the hotel staff did not seem that bothered and did not provide one in the end. My colleague in another room did help out in the end.My room was a single room and it was on two levels, strange eh? The room was quite spacious for a single room and the bathroom was very clean with the shower being very hot when needed. The only problem I had was with the bed being very very uncomfortable and the tv being on the lower level away from the bed. This may seem daft but you were given a tiny chair to sit in front of it which can be very annoying after a while. The breakfast was very good with a very large selection overall. You can even upgrade to a full english breakfast for £6.50.Unfortunately I will not be choosing the hotel for the reasons stated above but the hotel is located in a great area with many pubs, shops and restaurants. It is only a five minute walk from two tube stations and Hyde Park.Oh yeah I secured this hotel for £60 a night, very reasonable for London.	
Feb 15 2008 	Decent hotel for a good price	Based on the good reviews my wife and I booked a five day stay at this hotel. I was a mixed experience. The personel was very nice and helpful. The breakfast was splendid though the restaurant is quite overcrowded especially in the late morning - if you are an early bird there is far more space. We had a room on the 4th floor. It was very small, barely enough space for a bed and the television was minuscule. Biggest problem though was the sink and the toilet. The sink was very efficient at making the whole bath room wet and the toilet was not able to flush very well. The house cleaning is excellent our sheets were changed each every day - quite amazing. At some occassions towels had an odd foul smell probably due to the place where they are kept. We had the exchanged and there were no problems.As many people has pointed out - the location can't be beet. There's the tubestations within walking distance - which gives you easy access to circle line and central line.The neighborhood does not seem entirely safe - at times there were a lot of rambunctuous young people roaming the streets. All in all, though it was a pleasent experience - and I would recommend the Best Western Phoenix.	
Feb 14 2008 	Delighted with this Hotel	Have just returned this evening from a four day stay in London at the Phoenix Hotel. After reading the reviews on this site about this hotel, was unsure what to expect as some were full of praise and others were not. However, we could not fault this hotel in any way. From check-in, which took only a few minutes, the staff could not have been any friendlier or more helpful than they were. The first impressions of the hotel were also very good. Outside looked very clean and inside, the reception and bar areas were lovely decorated and smelt lovely. No mustiness here. Was very nervous entering the bedroom, but need not have worried. Had booked a triple room, was big enough for our needs, after all we had come to see London, not laze around a hotel and its facilities for 4 days. There are plenty of other hotels for that type of holiday. It had 2 twin beds and then had a 3rd bed on a raised level - which our son was absolutely delighted with, claimed it was the coolest hotel room ever - and he had his own TV as well. The TV had the 5 English channels and Sky News which was sufficient. The room also had internet access. No problem here either. Just had to get a password and username from Reception and it worked perfectly for the whole time there. Our bathroom was spotlessly clean and beautifully tiled. A great relief after looking at some of the photos on this site of some of the hotels around. Plenty of hot water, clean towels, soap, shampoo, shower gel etc. For breakfast you had a good choice of cereals, toast, rolls, croissants, ham, cheese, fruit, yoghurts, juices, tea &amp; coffee. There was cooked breakfasts at an additional cost, but while we were there, I certainly didn't see many people ordering them. Everyone seemed happy enough with what was on offer. We were nearly last into the Dining Room some mornings and there was loads of everything still available to eat. The hotel itself is in a quiet square just off Queensway. It's hard to believe that you are so close to the main street when you're actually inside the hotel. There are 2 tube stations nearby, Queensway on the Central line and Bayswater on the Circle/District line. On the morning we checked out, there was no problem leaving our cases, heading off and picking them up again later for the journey home. The hotel is in a great area with lots of shops and places to eat on the main street. Also there is ice skating, bowling and the cinema. What more entertainment could you ask for, without even mentioning central London itself.	
Jan 18 2008 	good location but cramped	I spent 2 nights here on business, and on the plus side it is indisputably in an excellent location, close to tubes and buses and good shops. I felt safe there and going backwards and forwards as a single woman. It was clean too, and contrary to some reviews here, I found the staff friendly and helpful. So far, so good - and my room was cheap. Breakfast was adequate. On the minus side, my single room was absolutely tiny. I barely fitted into it! I had to juggle my luggage around and perch it on top of the wardrobe. The bathroom was miniscule. I am a small female - I can't imagine a big bloke coping with that room at all. The other major problem was the noise from other rooms. Guests were coming and going at all hours and with the paper-thin walls, you can hear every creak and door-slam. I didn't notice outside noise, but I was on floor four and as it was horrible winter weather, didn't open the window at night. It was the noise inside the place that was bad, the walls are soooo thin.I would only recommend it if the location means a great deal to you, you don't mind being cramped and you can put up with the noise... oh, and the lift is not up to the job - it's slow and there's only one, so often crowded at peak times. All in all, a claustrophobic experience!	
Jan 10 2008 	Lovely stay at the Phoenix Hotel	We stayed at the Phoenix Hotel in December 2007 for 3 nights. We were lucky to get a honeymoon suite for the same price as a normal room. The room was big and clean - 3 beds and 2 TVs. The atmosphere at the hotel was very friendly and nice. Breakfast was nice with several different things to choose between, and the staff was quick to get coffee and the. I would be happy to come back next time I visit London.	
Jan 5 2008 	Returning customer	I've stayed at the Phoenix before, I stayed this time around and I will stay again this May- made the booking just before leaving.Been to London many times and I was follish enough not to stay in this hotel. Great value for money!First time I was there on January 2006 and my review was;&quot;There were eight of us sharing 2 guad rooms for 6 nights. Due to a missunderstanding, one of the rooms was a triple. Manager offered me a single room to stay for a night untill our second quad was ready- free of charge.The single room was small, but in UK terms, larger than I ever seen! I mean, traditionally, english BnBs are beehives; rooms have enough space just to sleep and get changed. This single room was larger than any other room I stayed in London and with a wonderfull view over the park across the street. The quad rooms, were &quot;family&quot; rooms; two single beds standing aside and two more single beds up 6 steps with their own TV and window- it was so lovely! Both rooms were spotless. The stuff is unbelievably hellpfull, even with people not speaking english, and they can recommend places to see and eat; their idea of eating at &quot;Bella Italia&quot; just around the corner, across the tube station was very good- real italian food in reasonable prices. Ask for the &quot;espresso menu&quot;.Breakfast was the classic continental breakfast; coffee, tea, hot chocolate, nuttela, marmalade, slices of bread you can toast, rolls, cheese, ham, flakes, musli, youghurt and fruit- I found it more than satisfying. Location is... well, even if it is your first in London and you are blindfolded, you can't miss it; so close to the tube and bus stops, with supermarkets, pharmacies, clean restaurants from italian to morrocan to greek to indian just a few minutes walk away from it and a shopping center at the corner! I stayed before in the same area, but I was foolish enough not to book in Phoenix the first time...I unquestionably recommend this hotel to anyone. It is so cute and warm, so clean, so wonderfull, it is going to make your stay unforgetable.PS. If it is your first in London, concider booking a &quot;Classic London&quot; tour. This wonderefull service will you can find it in this hotel (a leaflet just by the elevator)	
Dec 5 2007 	Liked this hotel!	This is a very nice London hotel!! I have stayed in this area of London every year ,at least once, for 10 years. Nice neighborhood, very convienient for three major Tube lines. ATM, inexpensive meals and good take away, groceries, pharmacy, gifts, etc., all between the hotel and the Tube. The hotel is on a very quiet residential street, 5 minute walk to your choice of 2 tube stations. Elevator. Nice, attentive, and very helpful staff. Very clean, odor free rooms with large functional windows, high ceilings, and good lighting. Power shower was a welcome surprise. Room rate included a very good continental breakfast with fresh fruits, cereals, juices, cheese, meat, yogurt, and assorted breads. I will stay there again.	
Nov 10 2007 	A week at the Phoenix	The Best Western Phoenix Hotel is located a few blocks from both the Bayswater and Queensway Underground stations. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very helpful and knowledgeable of the local area. The room was a double and was fairly small, but adequate. The shower entrance was unbelievably small and very difficult to get into. There are many restaurants, stores, fast food chains within walking distance. Although it is expensive I recommend Bella Italia which is 1 block away, if you like Italian food. I rated this hotel as average only because there are much better hotels available, but I would highly recommend this hotel and I would stay again. I paid about $430 for 7 days which is fairly priced.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great location - all we needed	We've just returned from a weekend stay at the Phoenix hotel and were very pleased with it. If you're looking for a luxury hotel, then the Phoenix is probably not for you. But if, like us, you were looking for a well-located, reasonably priced, clean and comfortable bed for the night, then it's a great choice.We travelled to London by train into Paddington station and so the Phoenix's location in Bayswater was perfect. From Paddington, Bayswater is the next stop on the tube and then the hotel is very close - just around the corner from Bayswater tube station. We travelled with small suitcases and found the walk quite easy and didn't feel out of place trundling suitcases up the high street!The hotel itself is located just off the main street and is easy to find. The lobby is quite small but comfortable with plenty of seating, internet access, tourist leaflets and daily newspapers etc. We arrived at midday and the staff were very good at getting us checked into our rooms. We weren't expecting to be able to access the room that early. If you do arrive early they are happy to store your luggage until your room is ready in the reception area. Check in was straightforward and there is a lift to take you to the upper floors.The rooms are fairly small (as are most in London) but we certainly weren't squeezed into the room as some reviews here would lead you to believe. We had a twin room and there was plenty of space to move around. The bathroom was also on the small side, but there was still enough room to comfortably move around and get dressed in there etc. Both the bedroom and bathroom were spotless and the furnishings were in good condition. Simple toiletries are provided in the bathroom (shampoo, shower gel, shower cap, soap and facial tissue). The continental breakfast was included in the room rate and, while not anything to get excited about, was perfectly adequate. It is a buffet style service with a good choice of Kellogg's cereals, croissants, toast, rolls, ham, cheese, yogurt, fruit, juices, tea and coffee. Simple, but all I'd eat at home so I was more than satisfied. The breakfast room is quite small so try to get there early or be prepared for a queue.Regarding the area, Bayswater is nice, not overly touristy, but easy to get to and plenty of local facilities. Within a couple of minutes' walk from the hotel is the high street which has a shopping centre, cinema, large Boots store (chemist/drugstore), Tesco (supermarket), 2 tube stations (Bayswater &amp; Queensway) and plenty of restaurants including well-known &quot;family-friendly&quot; chains such as Bella Italia and Pizza Hut. Buses from central London stop outside Queensway tube station on Bayswater Rd - a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The area felt very safe, even late at night, as the high street is busy. Hyde Park is just 10 minutes away, and Notting Hill about a 15 - 20 minute walk.In summary then, the Phoenix offered everything we needed for a weekend break in London. We were out and about all day and during the evening, so the hotel was literally just a place to sleep for us. The location was fantastic and very easy to get to so we will certainly stay there again.	
Oct 29 2007 	You can do better elsewhere	I just returned from spending 8 nights at the London Phoenix Hotel, and my experiences echo those of “gottravelbug, Chicago, Illinois” (Dec 18, 2006). Don’t rely on the Best Western reputation here. The Phoenix isn’t up to that brand's standards.As every reviewer notes, the rooms are tiny. That’s not surprising in London, but it makes it important to use the space efficiently. The Phoenix flunks that test. For example, it wouldn’t be very costly to provide flat-panel, wall-mount TVs instead of the clunkers that take up half of the precious desktop, the only flat surface in the room. (And that only get a few channels, surely a disservice to the many non-English-speaking guests that the hotel hosts.) Most of the remaining desktop is taken up by a tea/coffee service. I didn't bring my laptop, preferring to shell out 50 pence per 30 minutes at a neighborhood cybercafe. I don't know where I would've put my laptop if I had brought it.Another example: closet space consisted of a standing wardrobe, about 3 feet wide and with cheap sliding doors that kept straying off their tracks. With so little clearance, hinged doors or pocket doors would have been much smarter. It contained only 4 hangers, inadequate for a scheduled 8-night stay. When I asked for more, the front desk grudgingly brought up 2 more.What is it with the clocks? Like travelbug, I found that mine needed a new battery. (Which the housekeeping staff provided, upon request….but why did we have to ask?) Maybe they figure the clock is invisible from the bed anyway, so who cares? Again, dumb design. (Memo: wear a watch in bed.)The room was very warm, even in October. I left the window wide open and tolerated the street noise. And the mosquitos. Yes, in October! (No screens. Dangerous, if you're traveling with young children.)The hotel encourages guests to reuse bath towels instead of requesting fresh ones every day. That's environmentally commendable (and I complied), but it would be pleasanter if there were more than a single narrow rod on which to hang used towels.“Travelbug” will be impressed to hear that my flimsy plastic bathroom glass was, indeed, replaced once during my stay.Décor was borderline shabby. Cleanliness and repair were marginal. The bathroom’s noisy exhaust fan, maddeningly, stays on long after the light is turned off. The one lift is inadequate. The breakfast room is unpleasantly crowded.The interior of the hotel is non-smoking, a plus. A consequence, though, is that smokers are almost always huddled on the entrance steps, so you enter the lobby through a cloud of tobacco smoke. The overwhelming impression is that the Phoenix is squeezing every pence out of this property, and dares its guests to ask for better treatment.I’m not some yahoo who’s never visited London before; this is my tenth trip or so. I stayed for 8 nights at the Phoenix only because I had prepaid through a booking service (big mistake) and dreaded the hassle of demanding a change. I would have been happier spending the same amount elsewhere, or spending less for a charming, cosmopolitan bed and breakfast (albeit with shared bath) that I’ve previously enjoyed greatly.	
Oct 29 2007 	Reviews are Correct...average hotel	All the reviews are correct...some bad, some good, some great, but all of them tell the truth about Best West Phoenix. We booked our stay at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel through Hotels.com for our stay in Late September. When we arrived we were told they were overbooked and that they would put us up in their &quot;sister hotel.&quot; I remember reading a review about this exact situation with this hotel so I stood my ground and said we were not leaving. They gave us a very small room, but we did not expect much since we knew before from this website what we were getting into. Advice for staying here: Don't except their invitation to stay at the other hotel, eat the wonderful breakfast before site-seeing in the morning and be prepared for very small accomodations. I would probably search for something better for the price next time I stay in London, but overall the location was great and we had an amazing time.	
Oct 24 2007 	Noise noise noise...	Hmm... how can one describe the noise level? It didn't seem to matter whether the windows were open or shut. We tried both, but the truck deliveries through the night were tiresome. After 5 days at this hotel, I was ready to check out. It wasn't a bad experience, but it just wasn't a comfortable place to stay more than a night. Also, don't forget that the hotel does not have air conditioning which prevents you from closing the windows (noise) on a hot night.	
Oct 21 2007 	Ok but nothing more	Pros: - Cheap for central London- Conveniently located close to the Queensway and Bayswater  tube stations and lots of restaurants, supermarkets, and stores. - Very quiet at night.Cons: - The hotel room was the smallest I have ever seen worldwide.  I had a single bed, and it could barely fit in the room. The  bathroom was closet-size.- The air condition in the bathroom is extremely loud and takes  about 15 minutes to switch off after you have turned of the light  in the room.- Breakfast was absolutely horrible - even for London. Far too  many people crammed into a very uncharming basement and  the food being of the absolutely cheapest variety bordering on  the inedible.- The staff at the reception could not /would call for a taxi for us  (when asked very politely.)All in all: An OK place to stay if you just want a bed to sleep in and nothing more.	
Oct 15 2007 	Don't listen to the negative comments...	Ok, the rooms are small. But staying in London is like staying in NYC. Many people want to stay in this magnificent place so do you really expect large rooms for the price you pay at the Phoenix? I have had a very good stay; check-in went without problems. Rooms were very clean and so was the lobby. It smelled like some kind of perfume I couldn't place. Continental breakfast was good; just take as much as you like. Receipt of wireless internet signal in my room was good; it worked all the time I wanted it too. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to others.	
Sep 5 2007 	Stay FAR Away!!	OK, it's been quite a while since I stayed here ... but looking at the pictures brought back the painful memories all too vividly. We booked this hotel through British Air, a 4 night layover en route to Cairo. It's location, the fact it was accross from a small park &amp; the reasonable rate for London sounded pretty good to us. Standard room, 2 beds, nothing fancy. We were given a room with one double bed -- and that was all that would fit into that room! Thank goodness neither one of us is obese, or we wouldn't have fit on the toilet -- no joke intended. If you dropped the soap in the shower, it was all over! I lived in our 24ft trailer while we were building our home, and our trailer bathroom &amp; shower were bigger than that bathroom. Believe me, I've travelled far &amp; wide &amp; I wasn't expecting luxury. This was just incredibly bad -- I had to crawl over my husband to get out of bed (or climb out the end of the bed &amp; over a table) ... the door into the room only opened half-way because it banged into the &quot;closet&quot; (getting our suitcases into the room was a real treat) ... no place to put our suitcases except on the bed or in front of the bathroom door (we travel light with 24&quot; bags). When we asked to be moved &amp; said we had booked a 2-bed double room, we were told they could move us to a larger room but we would be charged extra (I forget how much it was now, but it was quite hefty). Let's just say the location isn't all that great to suffer through that again -- I'd definitely beware of this place!!	
Sep 2 2007	must be the cleanest hotel in london!	This hotel was soo clean-we sat in the lounge on the last afternoon for about one and a half hours and during this time the coffee tables were polished by several members of staff at least twice-in fact the smell of polish was overwhelming!-not to mention the plumping of the cushions.The hotel is in a brilliant location-within a few yards of some decent shops and various eating establishments.The Notting Hill carnival was on the weekend we were there-so buses and taxis couldn't get to the hotel as many roads were closed off-however it was a very pleasant walk through Kensington Gardens to Oxford street taking about 30-40 minutes.I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 30 2007 	Good choice at a fair price in Central London	Conveniently located close to Bayswater and Queensway tube station, to Kensington Gardens and to Whiteleys Shopping Centre, the hotel is clean and comfy enough to have a good night sleep.Plus the included continental breakfast is good.Definitely recommended.	
Aug 29 2007 	GREAT VALUE	Very good value for money with good rooms and friendly staff. Location is a plus point as well.	
Aug 12 2007 	Great Value 100% recommended!	We arrived to this nice hotel and i was a little scared according to some of the reviews read here.Hotel has a marvellous situation, in a neighbourhood plenty of life, extremely well communicated with London Center (2 underground lines, and 24h buses running in every direction you can imagine). There is a lot of restaurants and pubs in the surroundings as well as a lot of people in the streets all day long!.The room was confortable, big enough for a couple and extremely clean. Bathroom a litlte tiny but also extremely clean. Towels were changed daily as well as linen. The room service is exceptional good.For freakfast you can eat &quot;all as you can&quot; but there is not a wide election to choice. Toast, Ham, Cheese, Croissants, Cereals, Yogourth, Fruits, Juices, and all kind of mermelades, nutellas and those things.So, as a resume, I will highly recommend this hotels because for the price we paid for it.... ir worths it!	
Aug 1 2007	Don't Know We Got Bumped	I chose this hotel because the reviews seemed good and there seemed to be lots of amenities in the area, however, upon arrival we were told that the hotel was over booked (despite us having a reservation for more than a month) and that they were putting us up at a sister property. This seemed to be a normal experience for them so beware!The sister property, John Howard, while reasonably nice, was in the middle of nowhere so we spent all of our time trying to get places. If you book at this hotel and they try to bump you to the John Howard and you don't have a car, unless you're a marathon walker, insist that they honor your reservation!	
Jul 11 2007 	A Good Value	I booked the hotel through British Airways Vacations because they offered an extremely reasonable rate in my opinion. I had stayed at the Phoenix previously so I had an idea of what to expect. On a previous trip, I had a double but on this trip, I had a single. Based on previous reviews, I expected the single to be very small. However, I was pleasantly surprised that my room was set up as a mini-loft with the desk/mirror/TV and bathroom on one level and the bed, armoire, and nightstand up some stairs in a loft – how fun! The location (near the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations) is ideal, the room was clean, and the hot water plentiful. The neighborhood is quite safe – as a single woman traveling alone, I never felt uncomfortable walking back to the hotel, even late at night. It is also in a relatively quiet location and so I was able to keep the window open. Of course, you would hear the occasional car horn but it never bothered me, even with the window open at night. The breakfast that is included in the room rate includes quite a selection of items and I was always filled up and ready for sightseeing after breakfast. The staff was also very helpful and courteous. I had e-mailed with questions prior to my trip and they were answered very promptly. The hotel is also near Whiteley’s shopping center, which includes a Marks &amp; Spencer store, some restaurants, and an internet café (although it’s not really a café, per se). I would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 5 2007	Nice little hotel but overpriced	We stayed at the Phoenix with a group of college students in May of this year while on a long weekend in London. While the rooms were quite small, the location was convenient--just around the corner from the Bayswater Underground station with many conveniences nearby, yet in a fairly quiet and very attractive neighborhood. The windows opened to let in fresh air--always a plus--and the free Continental breakfast was quite plentiful, including fruit, cheese, cold cuts, along with the usual breads and juices. We were unable to access the in-room internet service, despite instructions from the front desk, but a computer is available in the lobby--for a price, and quite slow. However, the bathrooms were of a good size and quite clean. Water pressure was good and hot water was plentiful. All in all, this was a nice, &quot;moderate&quot; hotel at luxury prices.	
Apr 28 2007	"Great London Trip and Great Time Staying at Phoenix Hotel	My wife and I and 2 daughters (ages 18 and 20) all stayed at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel from 26 Mar to 1 April (6 nights). We had absolutely no problems, and enjoyed our stay thoroughly. We had two different rooms on the 2nd floor, and both were rooms with twin beds. The Phoenix Hotel was booked for us through a travel agent using Delta Vacations. Out of all the walking and touring that we accomplished, I saw few other hotels as close and convenient to things as was the Phoenix, except those very costly hotels. The rooms were clean and in good repair. I was a bit skeptical after some reviews I had read, but we found everything to be great. Yes, the rooms were a bit small but not to the point of being uncomfortable. Yes, I can see why a few people complained about the heat, because our room had a small steam radiator that I could not turn off. Nonetheless, it wasn't that hot and as others have said, I simply opened the windows. I read somewhere of a complaint of street noise keeping them awake when the windows were open, but I had no problems. If you insist on sleeping in total silence, then save your foam earplugs from the airlines, and sleep with them in. We all found the continental breakfast to be good, and helped start each day out right, as we trekked throughout London and returned to the hotel exhausted each day. I particularly like the small bar at the hotel, where I would relax and enjoy a couple of pints in the evening, while talking to the bartender Jesus' from Brazil, and the other patrons from various countries. We thoroughly enjoyed being just 2-3 minutes walk from the Bayswater Tub Station where one can catch the Circle Line (Yellow) or District Line (Green). Just another ½ block further was the Queensway Station (Red Line). The convenience of the tub stations was outstanding, and we simply purchased four 1-day passes every day. Oddly enough, it was cheaper to buy each day than to bay a multi-day pass. HINT: Take a Taxi from the Train Station to the hotel. I found it much easier than fighting the crowds on the Tube Line, while dragging suitcases. (It was 10 pounds from Victoria Station to the Hotel). There were an unbelievable number of places to eat and drink nearby the Phoenix Hotel (on the same street as the Tube Lines) and then even more places to dine about 1 block further. AND, one of the most enjoyable days (but quite long) that we spent in London was walking from our Hotel, through nearby Kensington Park, past Kensington Palace, down to Hyde Park Corner, to Buckingham Palace, and on to Westminster Abbey. A tremendous about of walking, but the point is.... If you stay at the Phoenix Hotel, don't forget to stroll through Kensington Park.	
Apr 11 2007 	Wonderful stay!	Got a great deal on the Phoenix through British Airways but was a bit nervous given some of the negative reviews. I needn't have worried! We had a 2nd floor room overlooking the square which by London standards felt positively palatial! As others have mentioned, the room tended to be a bit warm, but this was easily solved by opening the windows a bit. The wardrobe was a good size, though I would have liked more drawers. Bathroom, while on the small side, was new with plenty of towels and toiletries provided. Breakfast was super... fresh, plentiful and very filling. For those who may be interested, there is a PC in the lounge with internet access for a small fee. The location is absolutely fabulous, only minutes from the tube, restaurants and shopping.Some have said they found the staff diificult. That was not my experience at all. To the contrary, I found everyone most accomodating and helpful, from the desk attendents to housekeeping to breakfast room wait staff. I will definitely return!	
Apr 3 2007	Sardines On Toast	We arrived at the hotel late evening after booking through Hotels Com earlier that day, to be told there were no rooms available .Having been debited for the £150 accomodation (cost for two nights) we were less than impressed.Seemingly the hotel had not closed off availability and the provider sold the room in good faith .The initial attitude at reception was I have no rooms , end off.We were then told of a close by sister hotel but that would be quite a bit more , with Hotels Com unwilling to comit to any subsidy, presumably as it was not their fault. Best Western refused to subsidise the difference, though eventually offered a room descibed as a double yet only used for single occupancy,their only concession was free breakfast. Well at 11pm tired and desperate to secure a bed we elected to stay.Probably a mistake the room offered 124 was just able to accomodate a queen size bed and there was a large mount of damp evident on the walls.The next day we were given room 211 seemingly standard fare , but this was only marginally bigger and so warm that we sought soft drinks at 4am.Breakfast was good in terms of food , but the tables so close and so packed it was uncomfortable .All in all despite a further 10% discount due to my protestations I left the hotel thinking it was quite terrible and not what Best western would be proud of.the plus side was location and the bathrooms which were good.Downside incompetant / uninterested reception staff , rooms that were a disgrace and a hotel existing only on location &amp; unsuspecting foreign tourists who presumably leave with a very poor impression. Advice stay away and pay a little more.	
Apr 2 2007	Convenient location clean	Spend a weekend in March. Very helpfull staff. Very clean room, altough very small even by European standards. Walls are somewhat a little thin, but noise level ok overall. Marks &amp; Spencer Food and 2 Tesco supermarkets around the corner. About 2 minutes walk from the Bayswater underground. Very nice and quiet residential neighbourhood to the west. About a 5-10 minutes walk to Kensigton Park, Notting Hill antique dealers and vintage clothing stores. Would go back anytime at the Expedia rate (about 50GBP for a single room), however the 125GBP advertised by the hotel on their website seems a bit much. Nice continental breakfast included. If you`re not looking for luxury, this hotel is clean, conveniently located and if you don't mind walking you can get around town on foot very easily.	
Mar 25 2007 	Good place to stay	We stayed at the Phoenix Hotel in February. We were happy with the rooms (small, but that is normal for London), good beds, quiete street, a decent and clean bathroom, a nice breakfast with cheese, meat, rolls, cereals, fresh fruits and yoghurt. Nothing to complain about really. The location is again very nice: close to many shops and restaurants and two tube stations. We had a great time and will recommend this hotel. You don't find many hotels that give this standard of comfort and quality for a normal price. We were disappointed many times in the past because London hotels can be such a a dump. This one is absolutely value for money. Nothing fancy, but good quality, good location, fair price. Go there, really GO THERE !	
Mar 17 2007	We Liked the Phoenix	My husband and I spent four nights at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel and we really liked it. It was very tastefully decorated with a pleasant reception area and bar. The hotel room was tiny but definitely enough for the both of us. The bed had lovely clean sheets and the shower area &amp; toilet (no bath!) had towels of the same cleanliness. There weren't many sockets in the room however so we found it difficult having to use one electrical item at a time.The windows need to be looked at due to the fact that on one windy night we had to lodge a piece of cardboard in them to stop the constant rattling noise. We had a continental breakfast which was very nice although you did have the option of a cooked breakfast for £6.50. The location is excellent, right next door to Whiteley's Shopping Centre which also has a few places to eat and just around the corner from Hyde Park. It also has 2 tube stations nearby for Circle/District and Piccadilly Lines along with a street full of pubs, eating establishments and a bowling alley! It is definitely a place for couples rather than families but well worth it for the price.	
Mar 16 2007 	Don't expect a health breakfast!	We stayed one night and found it to be okay...somewhere to lay our heads. It was a reasonably quiet location, wonderfuly close to 2 tubes. The breakfast was far too sugary. Tinned fruit is not my idea of a healthy breakfast! The cereals were also 100% sugar. If you can get a deal on the price all well and good, stay.. but if not... look around.	
Mar 14 2007 	FANTASTIC I spent 3 nice weeks at Phoenix; I'll return next time I'll be in Lond	I spent 22 nights at Phoenix hotel for a business period in London. The location is excellent: close to 3 undergronud lines (Central, District, Circle) and close to a lot of restaurant. The people in the hotel is very friendly and try the best to help you. The breakfast is good but the restaurant room is too small so sometimes you have to wait for a table. The room was regular, considering London standard, with 2 windows; the wardrobe was small but I could use 3 big drawers. Resuming my opinion: the Phoenix hotel is a good hotel in London, close to the center, with friendly people.	
Mar 5 2007 	Perfect Must read...	Me and my best mate stayed here when we went clubbin last wkend. The hotel was perfect for what we wanted all round.The Hotel: 5 mins up the road from Queensway station off of high street, loads of shops around for convenience, quite area, no noise from outside when in room at all. The main part of hotel foyer, etc is lovely, part marble, part carpeted it is very clean with big sofas to chill on besides the bar.The rooms: not romantic or couple oriented, perfect for those who want somewhere comfortable to stay and are out most of the day enjoying London. Victorian fashioned rooms BUT not like draped in old furniture or heavy flowered curtains! I mean simple and nice. The bathroom was best feature which was nice 4 us girls when getting ready to go out in evening! Room was small but big windows meant there was plenty of air coming in, our room faced the front of hotel and overlooked gardens which was good. There was also a fridge in walk in wardrobe which was very handy for dinks. You usually don’t get one of these for the price you pay in other hotels!!The service: staff was very chatty and friendly with us; man at desk ordered us a cab from the hotel into Leicester sq which cost us £18 way there, £13 way back at 5am, which wasn’t too bad when sharing.Would defo go there again for a wkend away, would defo recommend it. If your a couple who are looking for a romantic wkend i would opt for somewhere else but since me and my mate paid £40 each for the night, booked on the web, in London u cant go wrong or be too disappointed with that!!	
Feb 13 2007 	Great deal	We stayed at the Best Western Phoenix for three nights in January 2007. We got a great rate online of 49GBP/night. A continental breakfast was included and was good. The location was convenient; easy to get to using the tube from Heathrow. It was a longish journey to the Eurostar, though. Room was clean and pleasant. Staff was helpful. The neighbourhood had lots of restaurants and there was a shopping mall at the end of the block. Also, there was a grocery store nearby. Overall, we were very pleased...especially for the price.	
Feb 13 2007 	Superb value for money well equipped and excellent location	Thanks to expedia, single rooms currently are going for £43.00 pounds a night. This includes:Refurbished Power ShowersHairdryerCable TVHigh Speed Wireless Internet AccessBarIron Continental BreakfastThis is a very tidy typical 3 star hotel - furnishings look a little on the dowdy side, old windows let in more noise than usual, single rooms might be a bit tiny and pillows may be somewhat lumpy,- But frankly for £43.00 a night who cares?This hotel offers excellent value for money, and it's location next to a street full of shops, restaurants and two tube stations is very handy indeed. Notting Hill and Kensington Park are very close by.A solid 4 stars, all things considered.	
Feb 5 2007	Very small single rooms	The Hotel Phoenix is in a great location in an ecclectic part of Bayswater. It is convenient to two tube lines and there is a bus stop across the street that, with transfers, can get you into central London.The staff was very friendly and helpful, the service was great and the breakfast was more than adequate.HOWEVER, the room was the smallest I have ever experienced and I had difficulty in just moving about (5' 9&quot; 175 lbs). Also the room was hot (January 31st). While the hotel is rated 3 Stars, I would put the room at 2 Stars. If you leave early in the day and get back at late night, the room is OK but do not plan to invite friends in for a drink because they will not be able to get into the room because of the small size!	
Feb 4 2007 	Great value at a budget price. Only issue wake up call was always 15 mins early	Great value at a budget price. Excellent location with 2 tube stops on great lines (central and circle), next to hyde park, and lot of places to eat and good sized tesco supermarket block away.Would stay again. Need to keep it a secret ... oops then why am i writing this review :)	
Jan 16 2007 	Perfect location!	This is a great place to stay in London. It is right off Queensway St. which is full of restaurants and shops, and even the Queensway Mall. There are 2 Underground Stations very near within 2 blocks and 3 blocks. The hotel was fine, the rooms were large enough, nice bathroom, wonderful breakfast [cereal, breads,cheeses, fruit, meats and drinks] and the staff was very helpful. In the evenings you can walk down to Hyde Park [about 3 blocks] and sit and enjoy the people and atmosphere. The hotel street is also very quiet, so no trouble sleeping. It also has a small elevator, so older people like us don't have to climb stairs. And the price was not expensive. So we really enjoyed it, and would definitely go again.	
Jan 11 2007 	Quiet Close Quant...	We stayed at the Phoenix for a week over the New Year Holiday and had a wonderful experience. We were a bit apprehensive when we read the earlier review about the bed bugs but we had already made our reservations. We have trusted Best Western hotels when traveling overseas in the past have not been let down yet. The room was small by USA standards but normal by UK standards. The bathroom was very clean but small. The hotel was very tidy. As mentioned in an earlier review, the room was hot but this was easily remedied by opening up the window. The shades allowed the room to be completely dark. The street the hotel sits on is quiet and the window being open did not cause any difficultly with sleeping. The lobby has a cute little bar in it. The free continental breakfast was very nice and a full english breakfast was available for an additional cost (6 pounds). The area is culturally diverse and close to quite a few small bars, shops and restaurants. The tube station is only 3 blocks away and there is a large shopping mall about a block away. It was located very close to hyde park (which is a wonderful walk on Sunday). Also, it is about 5 blocks from Notting Hill Gate where they have an open air market on Saturdays. The staff were reserved and helpful. There were no hidden costs and the final bill was actually 5 pounds less than I thought it would be. All in all, it was very enjoyable and I would recommend this hotel highly for the cost conscious traveler. A great value for the money. Oh yes... there were no bed bugs in our room. There are websites out there to help inform travelers what to look for when arriving in a room. I would recommend reading them prior to traveling. (Especially traveling overseas) We inspected our room top to bottom on the first night there and it was spotless.	
Dec 26 2006 	Good service	We had a good overall experience for the price. The rooms are small but the service is reasonably good. The staff was courteous to warm the milk for our kid at odd hours. The breakfast menu and the service were good for rating and price.It is also walk able distance from two tube stations.	
Dec 18 2006 	Unless You Don't Mind Sweating Don't Stay Here	I booked this hotel on the basis of the Best Western name through British Airways, knowing that British Airways usually has standards for the hotels for which they sell booking. I like to stay in Hyde Park by Lancaster gate but read the tube station would be closed in October and was afraid it might extend into December.I was very disappointed. In the 12 hotels I have stayed in in London, this ranks #11, just above one independent budget hotel I stayed in on Sussex Gardens near Paddington Station.I stayed in a single room. The room was very small and slightly shabby. The room was clean, carpeting clean, but there were spots and marks on the wallpaper. There was a small wardrobe at the foot of the bed with 5 hangers and half of it taken up with a shelf with a coffee/tea service on it. There was a small desk with two small drawers which had a small TV on it and telephone. There were no sattelite channels on the TV. There was a rack next to the desk for a suitcase. There was a clock on the wall above the door which was not working. The bathroom was tiny. The toilet was in a niche in the wall with about 2 inches on either side. I had to sit slightly sideways on the toilet because of the toilet paper roll just about overlapping the seat. The toilet faced the walk-in shower (which had no shelf in it), and in between against the wall was a sink with no room between with a small glass shelf above the sink. When I arrived, there was a plastic glass wrapped in cellophane with the Best Western logo. This glass was never changed throughout my 10-day stay. I probably should have thrown it away and maybe would have received a new one. There is no way you can dry off from showering with the door closed.The really terrible, unbearable thing about this hotel was that it was miserably HOT in DECEMBER. The radiator in the room was not on. The radiator in the hall was warm, so I don't know where all the heat was coming from. I spoke to several other people who said their room was very warm and they had to leave the window open. Looking up from the street, one could see many windows open. The problem with this was that you could hear all the street noise, which continued on to all hours of the morning. The hotel had a linen delivery at 1:00 a.m. right out in front of the hotel in front of my room with people unloading the truck talking loudly. Where is the consideration for hotel guests? I think cabs used this street to turn around to return to the main street. One night as I lay awake, I could hear snoring coming from the room next door. I received 6 nights for the price of 5, so the price was very reasonable, but in the end, you get what you pay for!! If you can't deal with these discomforts, spend a little more and stay in a better hotel in a nicer, more quiet area.	
Nov 29 2006 	Value and comfort if you get it at the right price	Pros: *Very close to both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations*Shopping and dining close by *Friendly and efficent staff*Larger double bed*Decent sized room*Elevator*Shower and bath*Nice continental breakfast - good selection &amp; quality*Very clean*Large towelsCons: *Warm room even in November *Bathroom was a wee bit small, but not horribly so*On an active road, so rooms facing the road are a little noisy (but not horrible)*Breakfast room is somewhat overcrowded with too many tables - if they lost two tables, it would be far better. *One girl on the front desk, when asked about a vegetarian-friendly restaurant in the neighborhood, told us she didn't understand vegetarians. During our stay, there was a rather boisterous group of drunken Swedes staying just a couple of doors down from us. Both nights of their revelry we called up the front desk - who then handled the loud partiers quickly and efficently. We were very impressed. We got this hotel through BA Holidays and paid a low rate for the week we stayed. There was no problem checking in with our voucher and we were not given an inferior room because we pre-paid (we had room 210). We'd definitely stay here again, particularly with the price we paid (a bit over 60 GBP a night).	
Nov 9 2006 	Great hotel 	Just returned from a weekend at this hotel and have to say it was great and met all our needs. The rooms were nicely furnished and had everything we needed, except an ironing board, however a quick call to reception and an iron and ironing board arrived promptly to our room. The staff we all very pleasant and helpfull. Breakfast was plentiful, not just the basics, which set us up nicely for the day. Every evening before bed we enjoyed a drink in the cosy little bar. The location is excellent being only a few minutes walk from Bayswater station and Queensway station and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. I would definately return to this hotel as it was great value for money.	
Nov 2 2006	Good Value Hotel	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel on Friday 27 October. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was clean and comfortable if a bit dated. The continental breakfast was adequate. You can leave your luggage at the hotel if you arrive early or on the day you book out.We booked through hotels-london.co.uk and paid £75 for bed and continental breafast.Bayswater is a lively cosmpolitan area with many good restaurants and pubs within walking distance of hotel. Queensway and Bayswater tube stations within a few minutes walk - handy for all the tourist sites.This hotel is certainly not luxurious. However, if you are looking for reasonably priced accommodation in London then it is a good choice.	
Oct 28 2006	Great location	I would stay here again. It's a great location, and the customer service was outstanding. They really went out of their way to help us - and we had a million questions. Only a few reservations about it - there's only one elevator that takes FOREVER, and doesn't hold but 4 people max (for some reason all of the stairs seemed to be locked??? -very weird), and it was just swelteringly hot there (in October, when it was cold outside). We were able to open the window, but it was pretty loud, as this is on a main street. Oh, and Best Western has this awful phone service - I couldn't use my corporate card to call out. I went round and round in circles with their phone operators, and finally just gave up. But that's not the Phoenix's fault. That's just Best Western.	
Oct 26 2006 	Heaven for bed bugs!!	I stayed there for 3 nights last week and got more than a hundred bed bug bites at the first night!!! Since I was from the city where there's no bed bugs, I didn't know why I had welts and itching until I searched information about the symptoms after I got back home.It looks clean and good but.....there are hidden vampires! (gross!)If you are going to stay there, examine bedsheets, upper and lower seams of the mattress, headboards, etc. On the first day of my staying, I noticed there was blood spots on bedsheet but I didn't take it serious because I didn't know what it was and....it ended up with more than a hundred bed bug bites and medical expense!!Except bed bugs, everything was good but I won't stay there again, never.	
Oct 20 2006 	Loved our stat!	We loved the location. It's just a short walk to the Bayswater tube stop, and right down the street from Hyde Park. The neighborhood is ethnically diverse with lots of great restaurants and pubs. The staff was quite friendly and accommodating. We had a lovely room (#119) and the continental breakfast was oh so good! We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great Location - Great Stay	We booked this accomodation well in advance after reviews we'd read on trip advisor. We were definately not dissapointed. We definately enjoyed a hastle-free, realxed stay at the Pheonix. We had booked twin share accomodation and we were very suprised at how spacious the rooms were - after reading reviews we'd expected our room to be like a shoebox but it was suprisingly spacious! The rooms were very comfortable, clean and homely. We were very pleased with the location - Kensington Sq Gardens is a very nice, clean area with not much traffic to tend with - we could even leave our windows open without worrying about noise from the street. Queens Way is only a minutes walk around the corner with has pretty much everything a hotel guest would need - including the Bayswater tube station. It was a very convenient launching pad for exploring the city.We found the sitting areas downstairs very nice - a nice little bar that was a little pricey but what can you expect?! The lobby was nicely done and the breakfast room was great - not to mention the breakfast! Staff were also very friendly and helpful - we didn't come across one person at all that displeased us.All in all we were extremely pleased with our stay at the Pheonix. We would definately reccomend it to anybody travelling to London, and of course would stay there again ourselves on our next holiday to the UK.	
Oct 14 2006 	Comfortable and good location	This hotel is very well located for 2 tube stations which makes it ideal for tourists. I have been to London on numerous occassions and this was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The room was quite big for London and the bathroom was very nice. The free wireless internet is great if you have your computer with you. The rooms are decorated to a good standard and the breakfast is good enough but a free english breakfast would be better. Around the hotel there are numerous restaurants which cater for all tastes along with all the shops you could need in the nearby whitelys shopping centre.	
Oct 5 2006 	okay hotel in a great location	This is a very average London hotel. The common areas were decent, but my single room was very small (typical of London). There is no AC (typical of London). The decor, carpet and furniture were very dated and worn, but the bathroom was modern and very clean. (I have also stayed in the Best Western Corona Hotel on Belgrave Road, and that hotel had much nicer, newer rooms.) The location was great, on a (relatively) quiet square right off Queensway. It is a short walk to two Tube stations with great access to 3 major Tube lines, and the area is teeming with great, cheap, ethnic eateries. It is a short 5 min walk to the quiet and beauty of Hyde Park. To sum it up, a clean, safe hotel with great location, but the rooms need a major face lift. However, you could pay a lot more for the same or worse in London...	
Oct 4 2006 	Good Base for London Trip	My opinion of this hotel is probably influenced by the fact that I stayed in two other not so great hotels during this trip, so this one seemed great in comparison. The room was small, and my room faced the street, but those are really the only problems I had, and to be honest, the small room wasn't a problem at all, I mean, it's just a place to sleep! Reception was nice and even let me use the computer for free for a few minutes (the rate posted for going on the internet in the reception area is highway robbery--1.50 for 20 minutes!) I enjoyed the continental breakfast, it was certainly a good way to start the day. The location is very convenient to the tube, and the area seems to have plenty of shops, pubs and eating choices. I felt I paid a fair price for this room and if I got the same rate again, I would definitely return.	
Sep 24 2006 	A bumpy start but things improved	My fiancee and I stayed at the Phoenix from September 9-14. We requested a non-smoking, double room, only to find out upon arrival that we had a smoking room with two single beds...in the basement (you couldn't even use the sink because it had a glass shelf covering most of it - - doesn't make washing your face very easy!!) They were completely booked the first night but promised to move us to a different room the next day. They did as they promised and we were moved up to the second floor the next day (a big improvment!) The only problem we encountered during our stay after that was on the third night when we got back to our hotel room to find a note in the shower saying that we could not use it. We inquired with reception and they said the problem would be fixed the next day. When we got back the next afternoon, all of the rooms had signs on them saying &quot;do not use, chlorination in effect&quot;. Again, we inquired with reception and they said that it would be safe to use the water in about half an hour but they would notify us. About 45 minutes later (we REALLY needed to shower at this point), we decided to just go ahead and use the water. It appeared fine and luckily we took the initiative because the staff at the hotel never notified us.Overall, we found the hotel decent for London standards but it was nothing special. The staff at the front desk were not overly friendly or helpful but they did their jobs so we had no complaints. The continental breakfast in the morning is very basic but it provides everything you need to keep you going until lunch. It's a no-frills hotel but it was clean and decent.Toronto, Ontario, Canada	
Sep 12 2006 	It is clean and central	Just back from a four night stay at this hotel. The major attraction of this place was it's location, as mentioned previously it is only a few minutes walk from either Bayswater or Queensway tube stations, from either of these anywhere in London is readily accessable.The hotel is clean, the rooms are small and the breakfast is good, but I thought paying £6.50 extra for the english breakfast was a bit much. The staff are good enought to deal with and while there isn't a safe in the room one is available at the reception area. We checked in early in the day and there is storage for your bags 'till you get back and are allowed into your room.The area is filled with multi cultural dining, so the ambitious people get plenty chances to try something new.We had a top floor room overlooking the square and at night people going home at 1am seemed noisy. The heat in the room was overbearing, the building needs air conditioning, I can understand how the people who stayed there during the heat of the summer must have felt. We had to sleep with the windows open fully, which didn't help with the noise form passers by or traffic.Yes we would stay there again, simply because it is so easy to get to the hotel from Heathrow and the proximity to the tube stations and Kensington Gardens makes it worth while.It is a great base from which to tour London.	
Sep 4 2006 	Amazing!	This hotel blew me away! First of all, the ladies at the front desk were extremely helpful, and even helped us book London tours for the following days. We were at this hotel for three nights and loved every minute of it. The rooms were small, but we're talking London! The hotel was greatly situated a few blocks from a Metro station, and there was a street of shopping adjacent to the road the hotel was on. There was also a great little pub just down the lane from it where the food was great and the bartenders very friendly!!! The room had two windows that worked, and a fan in the bathroom. The bathroom, although small was extremely clean - no mould in the shower!! There was a full length mirror, and a desk. . . . It was lovely. The breakfast wasn't bad, with croissants, buns, cereal, and ham and cheese. All in all, this hotel was absolutely phenomenal!!!	
Sep 2 2006 	Great hotel but got ripped off by their cab company	We stayed at the Phoenix from August 16 - 20, 2006 and thought that it was excellent value for money. The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast was buffet style and allowed us to start the day with a full stomach. The area is safe and there are lots of Internet cafes around should you choose to leave your computer at home but need to check your e-mail (don't use the hotel's computer , there are many cheaper options just down the street near Bayswater station).Here is our only complaint:Our plane was leaving on Sunday morning and we had to be at Gatwick by 8:00 am due to all of the extra security at check-in. The subway starts late on Sundays, so we had to get a taxi to Victoria to get a train to Gatwick. We asked the people on desk if we could order a taxi in the morning but they suggested that it be ordered on Saturday night. When the cab showed up on Sunday morning, it was a minicab and the driver charged £14. When we questioned the fare, the driver said &quot;Victoria Station is not that close.&quot; Victoria station is in fact 3.5 miles or 5.5 kilometres from the hotel. To give you an idea of a realistic fare, a black cab would have cost less than £8.00. Mini cabs are supposed to be cheaper than black cabs.It's really unfortunate that the hotel chose to phone a company that would rip off their guests because it was our last experience related to the hotel and it left us with a sick, disappointed feeling.I suggest that if you need a cab, you just go out into street near Bayswater station and not rely on the hotel.	
Aug 30 2006 	Good value for money	Booked 5 nights at this hotel via BA website. The non-smoking single room faced the street and was tiny and the bathroom even tinier. The first night the tiny TV didn't work and the showerhead in the ti... (OK, OK you guys get the picture) shower sprayed water everywhere except on my body. Both the problems were fixed promptly the next day. The street can get noisy (conversations carried quite loudly at night into the room even with the window closed) so I would suggest booking a room away from it if you want some peace and quiet. Add to that the thin walls and you hear a lot of door banging and conversation. The decor is showing signs of wear and tear. The hotel is located off busy Queensway road with a lot of ethnic activity and has a host of Middle Eastern, Thai, Chinese, Indian and other take-out/eating places (my favorite was Nando's Portuguese BBQ about 5 minutes walk away). The breakfast was basic and I would imagine it was meant to be tucked into to tide you over your morning activity.On the plus side is the hotel's location (a few minutes walk to the tube and to Kensington Palace/Park), friendly staff and reasonable value for money. Recommended.	
Aug 27 2006 	Fantastic value+very good staff	I read a lot of review and choose the Phoenix. I was very happy. Good location with very helpful staff. Very good value for money.	
Aug 22 2006 	I'd stay here again!	A friend and I stayed at the Best Western Phoenix in February 2006, and we had a very positive experience. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the staff were friendly. The hotel is in Bayswater which is a busy and sometimes noisy area; however, the hotel itself is on a quiet side street and we couldn't hear the noise from the main street. The only negative aspect of the hotel was that they're very strict about their check-in time and would not allow us an early check-in (not quite what we wanted to hear after an overnight flight from Boston!). However, they allowed us to leave our luggage in their holding area until check-in, and this minor issue did not affect the positive experience we had at the Best Western Phoenix!	
Aug 21 2006 	Inexpensive excellent location.	I stayed at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel in a single room for one night in August and have no complaints. The staff is not effusive but competent and friendly enough. The single rooms are small but very clean and even have a coffee/tea-maker in the wardrobe. I was able to check in prior to the usual time and to leave my luggage in the hotel the next day after checking out without surcharge. Although the breakfast-room is very cramped, breakfast is perfectly ok, though slightly on the basic side. The biggest advantage is the location, near to two tube stations and Bayswater Road with a good bus connection into town. The square is relatively quiet (for London). Those suffering from insomnia should, however, try to book rooms facing the back. In short, an excellent choice for a short stay!	
Aug 12 2006	Nice location the rest is average - but not more	I stayed at the Phoenix Hotel London for 7 days from Monday, July 24th to Monday, July 31st, 2006 with two friends.I'll quickly start with the exterior. The hotel looks very nice from the outside, one might even think it's a more luxurious hotel because of the facade.Inside, the reception area was quite as I expected it to be for a 3* hotel. Attached to the reception area is a bar with the possibility to get drinks and watch satellite-television on a 16:9 format flat-screen tv; they receive more channels there than on the room's tv - which is not quite hard to manage. Do already lower your expectations to the satellite-tv: Unfortunately, the television in the room is not pretty luxurious concerning the receiving, the only channels we got was BBC 1, BBC 2, itv1, Channel 4, Channel 5, EuroNews, CNN, SkyNews and one preset radio station; no foreign channels. We stayed in an intended double room, but with an additional bed. The latter did unfortunately cause the room to get an awful lot smaller, so, as a standard double room, it might have been quite comfortable, but with three people and an additional bed, it was damn small. The bathroom was okay, well cleaned but also very small - and this had nothing to do with the amount of people in the room. Generally, people taller than 1,80 metres have to move in their head a lot of times, especially in the breakfast room (luckily, some &quot;Mind your head&quot; signs try to make us remember not to bang our head against something).Breakfast was, in my opinion, average, but nothing more. You have the choice between the free Buffet Continental Breakfast and the full english platter at a cost of £6,50 per person. I haven't tried the english breakfast, so I can't say anything to that.The Buffet Continental Breakfast consists of some sorts of rolls (small and hard-to-slice), wholemeal- or pure toasts, croissants and different sorts of cereals. Advice: Pay attention to the toaster, it might cause some people's toasts and croissants to get pitch-black and burned - of course, good for those who like it that way, but most people might want them to become gold-brown. You can choose between different sorts of jam (apricot, strawberry, orange), some cheese and some ham. Available drinks are cold milk, orange juice and some other - for me unidentifiable - drinks and still water. Of course you can also order warm drinks like hot chocolate, coffee and tea IF you get the possibility to order something. Staff is not really the most striking positive aspect in the hotel's review. As some others already wrote, the employees are quite unfriendly and do not really have an eye for details - especially in the breakfast room. You can call yourself lucky if one of the &quot;polite&quot; ladies comes and asks if you want to drink something warm. Otherwise it is hard to catch someone and if you do succeed, they don't really burst with enthusiasm - quite the contrary, particularly when you arrive for breakfast 15 minutes before the 'official ending'. Mostly at this time, staff is sitting at a table somewhere in the back for breakfast themselves - obviously they don't like to be disturbed at all then. The female 'chief' of this 'troop' is detatched of the others with black clothes and a golden name tag - but nothing more. If the others are having breakfast, she clears the tables and the dishes are being dashed onto the tray - just as the others do when putting the dishes onto the table. Another disturbing aspect was the chlorine-smell coming out of the kitchen/cleaning-area. Luckily, this smell is only recognisable when entering the breakfast room and when sitting near the door to this mysterious area. Generally, the times for breakfast are almost 'unhuman'. Weekdays and on saturdays, you can get breakfast until 9:45 am, on sundays even until 10:00 am. Wow! Additional 15 minutes on sundays - how gracious!The location, however, was pretty good. There are two Underground stations, Bayswater and Queensway, reachable in under a minute and about a minute respectively. Paddington Station is just one stop from Bayswater and offers connections to Heathrow Airport and a lot of other routes. A lot of shops and restaurants (lots of fast-food restaurants like McDonald's, Burger King, Pizza Hut and KFC, but also some good italian and chinese restaurants) can be found on Queensway and the Whiteleys' shopping complex adds a lot more - you find some ODEON cinemas in there aswell!I must admit that I expected a quite good hotel since this one belongs to the Best Western group, but my expectations did not get fulfilled - except concerning the location.All in all, particularly the negative aspects of the hotel might be normal for a 3* hotel like the Phoenix, but a little bit more would not be amiss - especially for it to be part of the above-named hotel-chain.I can recommend the Best Western Phoenix to people with little pretensions to a hotel in London, but everyone who might expect more should look out for another lodging.	
Aug 9 2006 	Quite average	I stayed for 4 nights in August 06; the hotel is very well located (2 tube stations + Paddington Train station nearby, a shopping mall Whiteley´s just around the corner). The room however was that great; unbelievably hot (no airconditioning, the window did open but was no helpand the fan the front desk gave was broken) so sleeping was quite difficult. The bathroom was the smallest I´ve ever seen; I´m a skinny girl and still had trouble using it, so someone who´s a bit bigger will definitely have a few problems with it! Also, the water pressure was absolutely horrible. But for 4 nights it was bearable. The breakfast was nice and the staff was friendly, so overall I was satisfied. But I doubt I´ll go back, especially in the summer!	
Aug 2 2006 	Too hot!	England has just recorded the highest temperature in July since records began - this hotel does not have air conditioning, a distinct disadvantage. The hotel did provide a fan in each room but was so hot that it was impossible to sleep. Warning - while I was in reception a women had her bag stolen. Three men came in, asked her daughter where the toilet was and then disappeared with a bag containing her passports and money. The hotel receptionist did not seem surprised by this incident - she reported it to the police and cancelled the credit cards. Watch your bags at all times!Overall I would stay in this hotel again as the location is wonderful - it is in a quiet street but just around the corner is an amazing array of restaurants and shops as well as two underground stations. Until they install air conditioning I would only stay there in winter.	
Jul 26 2006	Surely there must be something better	Unlike the recent reviewers I found the Phoenix Hotel to be very average. We have just spent 4 nights at this hotel where the service was extremely poor - the desk staff were extremely impolite (although I will give them kudos for arranging the hotel link bus for us) - we asked for a fan and this seemed to be too much trouble for them - although we did eventually get one.The room we stayed in was tiny - you could hardly swing a cat and the bathroom although clean was also extremely small. Sure I guess I shouldn't expect too much for 70pd a night.Breakfast is ordinary with only a small selection of cereals and breads to choose from - the staff in the breakfast room were quite friendly though.The location of the hotel in Bayswater is good and is a nice walk to the city about 4 to 5 kms, however a majority of that walk is through Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park.	
Jul 26 2006 	Would recommend the Phoenix	My husband and I stayed at the Phoenix for 3 days this past July (2006). Based on reviews on this site, I was extremely impressed with the hotel for its price range. The Phoenix is very convenient with the Bayswater tube stop about 1.5 blocks fro the hotel, along a nice street with shops and restaurants. Upon arriving in the morning, we were able to store our bags until our room was ready, however it's not an extremely secure location, but everything worked out ok. We didn't get back to the hotel until late that evening after sight-seeing and found our room very warm. This hotel doesn't have airconditioning but they had placed a fan in our room already. Our one big problem during our stay was that the bathroom wasn't cleaned to my standards and even had the last person's soap still in the tub. Otherwise things were ok. The room was big for London, the street noise wasn't too bad with the window open, the breakfast was more than enough (rolls, croissants, toast, cheese, ham, cereals, fruits, juice, coffee/tea) and the people were pleasant for the most part. They do have internet available in the lobby for a fee which helped us with some last minute planning. Overall I think the Phoenix is overpriced, but actually a deal for London. Would stay there again if looking for that price range.	
Jul 22 2006 	Great Location	Like the last reviewer, we had spent ages looking for hotels when we came across the BW Phoenix, and booked based on the price on Expedia and the reviews on this site.Yes the rooms are small (the smallest I've ever stayed in!), but they are clean and comfortable and a desk fan was provided to help us survive the very hot weather. The breakfast is wonderful and although we didn't have all that much contact with the staff, they were friendly and polite.Regardless of how you travel to London, I would recommend finding a way onto the Central tube line and getting off at Bayswater, turn left out of the station and then left again at the Whiteley's shopping centre and you'll be at the hotel in less than 5 minutes.If you're on a budget but still want clean accommodation from which you can travel to just about anywhere in London in a few minutes, then I recommend the BW Phoenix.	
Jul 15 2006	Good location rather noisy	After reading all the good reviews here, I decided to book this hotel. Normally I stay in the Comfort Inn Earl's Court but that hotel was fully booked. I found the two hotels very similar. The hotel is situated in a nice block, in an old building. The street is a nice side street from Queensway road on which you can find many local shops, cafe's and restaurants. Also the Whiteley shopping mall is just around the corner, which is very handy. On the third floor of the mall there are some restaurants that looked okay. I didn't try them, only went there to check my e-mail on an Easy internet computer (1 pound for an hour). The Bayswater underground station is only a few minutes walking.I had a single room that was quite small, but that is often the case in cheaper hotels. The bed was comfy. The room faced the street which meant that you could hear the people coming back from the pubs, but it was not too bad. The walls though were very thin. Perhaps my neighbours were just very loud, but it sounded like they were in my room. The bathroom was small but okay and there were coffee and tea making facilities. The only thing I missed was a safe (there is one in the earl's court hotel). The hotel could do with some modern decoration I thought, but it didn't bother me. I liked the layout. In some (budget) hotels you get lost easily because of all the corridors, but in this hotel it's very easy to find your room.I wouldn't mind staying in this hotel again, because it is very difficult to find a decent, clean hotel in a safe area very close to a tube station that isn't extremely expensive. But perhaps it's best to take some ear plugs with you, just to be on the safe side.	
Jul 14 2006	A great place to stay in London	I spent ages researching hotels in the London area and came across the Best Western Phoenix Hotel last December. We made reservations for the first leg of our trip and ended up making a reservation for our return trip as well because we liked it so much. It's easily accessible from the Tube, clean, friendly, and comfortable. There is wireless internet available throughout the hotel (computer in the lobby near the bar for those without laptops) and the breakfast...I could go on and on about the lovely breakfast. Sure, the rooms aren't enormous but it doesn't pretend to be a five-star hotel. For London and in this price range it's the best hotel I've come across in 10 years of traveling to this city. If you're staying in London and this fits your price range, don't look elsewhere. You'll be very happy with your decision to stay here!	
Jul 11 2006	Nice hotel	Nice hotel....close to the Tube and buses....staff very helpful...close to mall, shops, Hyde Park. Wonderful breakfast, small but nice rooms. Not much to watch on the TV. Overall experience was great. Would go back again!	
Jun 26 2006	Quad Room - Family of 4 - Great Experience!!	First off I have to say this was a perfect place for a family! We chose the Best Western Phoenix because of all the other wonderful comments I read about it in the Trip Advisor and we certainly were not disappointed! It is very similar to our Best Westerns in the States - not super fancy, but not a Motel 6 standard either. We stayed there for 8 days in mid-April. We had 4 single beds which was great for my 13 yr old son, 15 yr old daughter, my husband and myself. We had enough room to put our “jumbo expandable” suitcases, (5 total because we were there for 2 ½ weeks and I wasn‘t washing) , on the floor and still have room to walk around without tripping on them! I was very pleased with the bathroom too! I was able to stand with my arms extended, spin around and not smack into a wall - which if you’ve ever been to an English standard room this is very uncommon! There was plenty of room to relax without getting into each others hair! The other recommendations are correct in the multitude of restaurants and a Mall with in walking distance as well as the Bayswater Tube Station which is on the Circle Line - a main line to all tourist spots. There is an internet Café on the 3rd floor dirt cheap - 1 pound for 1 hour! The staff was exceptionally kind and went out of their way to make sure we had fresh wash clothes (which they call “face clothes”) each day. That is not a traditional custom for England, but we requested it and they were very happy to oblige! They were also wonderful in getting us a great deal with a cab service for just 1 large van to the train station for 4 people and 5 suitcases for the second part of our vacation into Somerset, Devon and Wales for another week. We made the mistake of staying at a different hotel when we returned to London that was close to Victoria Station for our Gatwick Express Train ride back to the airport the following day. We stayed at “The Sydney Hotel - Victoria” and it was just horrible! The room was very cramped, unknown stains on the floor and I could literally go to the bathroom and brush my teeth at the same time! We were SO glad that we had our first 8 days in the Best Western Phoenix and would gladly go back there again on our next visit because they made our stay an awesome one! In fact, the only thing I could fault them on is that the basement dining area is too warm, but you go in have nice quick continental breakfast then you are out and on your way again - still SO well worth the money!! A tip when out touring London - make sure to have change (20p and 50p) for the bathrooms - they charge to use the toilets and the attendants usually don’t have change. I had forgotten about that.	
Jun 20 2006	A good value hotel	Just returned after 4 nights at the Phoenix. The room was good and a little bigger than I had expected after reading other reviews before we went. Bathroom was also fine and both were very clean and tidy. Comfortable beds with sheets changed after two nights. Situation of hotel was not as quiet as I had expected, with some late night revellers outside on two nights and early morning traffic. I'm very glad I had my earplugs with me! It was very hot during our stay, up to 29 deg, so the absence of air-conditioning was a major disadvantage especially at night. A small fridge in the room would also have been lovely. We had booked our stay via the internet to include English breakfast but found on arrival that it only included continental breakfast. English breakfast would have been £6.50 extra per person. As the weather was so hot, hovever, we were happy with the continental breakfast. It was fine apart from the final morning when the hotel appeared to run out of bread for making toast. The dining room was a little cramped. Overall, fairly good value. Would stay again, but not in summer.	
Jun 8 2006	Outstanding Value for Money. Great Location. Very Clean. Friendly Staff.	My husband, 3 yr old son and I stayed at the Phoenix in Aug 2005. We stayed there for 6 days. I would highly recommend this hotel to travelers who are looking for an affordable, clean hotel in a convenient location without having to pay through their nose. We had a queen bed and had requested a cot for my son which they had ready for us when we checked in. We arrived on an overnight flight and were there prior to check in time. The hotel had a closet where we could store our luggage, used the restrooms (very clean) to wash up, then headed out to sightsee. The location was perfect for us, a brisk 5-7 min walk to the Bayswater station. There were all kinds of not too expensive restaurants, a grocery store (Tesco) where we picked up milk for my son, water, sandwiches for lunches on the go, fresh fruit etc. A Boots, Marks and Spencer, a laundromat, a film and photo shop (where we downloaded photo images on to CDs--kinda expensive anywhere, so carry sufficient memory), as well as several souvenir shops selling the usual post cards, shot glasses and T shirts--all within easy walking distance. When we returned in the evening from a full day of sightseeing or day trip outside London it was very easy to drop into one of the many restaurants for dinner then walk 2-3 mins to the hotel. There were 2 great chinese places, an Indian restaurant, a Lebanese restaurant, an Egyptian restaurant, a pizza place, a subway. The neighborhood bustled well past midnight but the hotel was tucked away on a quiet street. Our room faced the street yet was not noisy. Room was on the smaller side but that is typical of hotels in Europe. Bathroom was very clean. No problems with maid service. There was no air conditioning but they provided a table fan which worked great. Breakfast was included in the price. The freshly made pot of tea was heaven! Buffet included 3 different kinds of granola and cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit, orange juice, tea/coffee/milk, different kinds of bread, croissant, butter and jam, slices of ham and cheese. Try to get there before 8:30 to avoid the breakfast crowd. There was also a great coffee and pastry shop just around the corner. Never actually ate there as the we found the b'fast at the hotel to be quite adequate.We found the front desk staff to be friendly. The 2-3 women we interacted with were from eastern europe, very friendly and nice, all spoke fluent english. Happily provided directions or other assistance. The person who worked the evening shift showed me downstairs to their kitchen so I could warm up a glass of milk for my son in the microwave. Even offered to store the carton of milk in their kitchen refrigerator. I regularly warmed up milk in their kitchen microwave and it was never an issue. We had a pleasant experience at the Phoenix, my husband and I still talk about it and we would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again the next time we visit.	
Jun 6 2006	Great location great price	This is a great place to stay. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from Bayswater station but there is no noise from the tube at all as the hotel is situated in a quiet garden square. We stayed in a lovely family room which was split level so our little one was upstairs and we could have some privacy downstairs! Although the hotel did not have any particular things for children we were made very welcome. Breakfast buffet was very good with lots of choice and there was a pleasant little bar in the lounge. Staff were very friendly helpful. All in all a good trip. I would definately recomend this hotel and it is great value for money.	
Jun 5 2006	Great value!	I choose this hotell because of the good reviews here :) And they did certainly not lie.. great value on this hotel. great service, my room was acually quite big for a single room. always clean everywhere and the breakfirst was great value. the bed was fantastic. almost as good as at home ;) the location is also great. very quiet neibourhood. good connections from bayswater station and also paddington in close area.. next to a biig shopping centre with cinemas , cafes , resturants and shops. all in all - perfect value for your money :)i`ll be back next time i`m in london!!period stayed; 28th may to 02 june 2006.:)	
May 17 2006	Prix Qualite Rapport	Location in a leafy Garden Kensington Park Gardens {see aerial photos available Google]Two minutes walk from what was Whiteleys Store - once the most exclusive store in London.  Now a shopping Mall with an array of shops.Five minutes from Kensington Palace Gardens &amp; Hyde ParkBuilding. About 7 houses built around mid nineteen century respectfully converted into hotel about 12o + roomsBreakfast - supplied pleasant dining roomOn a food budget? Several food places in Mall supplying food Scores of restaurants to satisfy almost ever conceivable taste &amp; most Budgets within walking distance.Staff courteous &amp; efficient. Rooms perhaps by some standards are not big but adequate for me particularly in view of price .Would I stay here again Yes. Recommend this hotel to friends? yes - unquestionably. Particularly those who do like to be nearGardens as distinct from corporate crash pad hotels situated on top of Railway stations. &amp; other unfortunate locations	
May 8 2006 	Tiny rooms but great location!	This hotel has tiny rooms but is an excellent location. As runners, the proximity of this hotel to Hyde Park was excellent. The underground (Bayswater station) is around the corner and there are a number of local restaurants and shops to choose from. The accomodation is clean and the bathrooms are newly renovated. Whilst the staff are not the friendliest (and can often barely speak English) the hearty breakfasts make up for much!	
Apr 26 2006	We loved the Phoenix	My husband and I stayed at the Phoenix for 9 days in march. We stayed at the hotel based on the reviews we read on this site. It was the best choice in our opinion. Our room was a nice size for the two of us. There is a bar on the main floor that is open after 5pm for drinks. continental breakfast is in the morningon the bottom floor. Whitley's shopping mall is at the end of the block. We went here almost every night for a late dinner. resturants open till 10-11 depending on the night. My husband fell in love with the italian resturant and their cheesecake on the 3rd floor. Also on the 3rd floor is an internet cafe that is open till midnight. There is a Mark &amp; Spencers on the 1st floor for groceries and snacks. The bayswater tube station is about 2 blocks away. The surrounding area is friendly and clean. Kennsington park is 3 blocks away. Very nice for a leisurely stroll. My husband and I would definately stay here again. Friendly staff and great area. many shops, resturants, pubs, and fast food open till midnight. We loved it.	
Apr 21 2006	Perfect start to holiday	My wife and niece stayed at the Phoenix Hotel for 4 nights just before Christmas 2005.We arrived from Australia at 5am and although we weren't due to check in until 3pm that afternoon, the hotel let us store our bags in a secure area beside the check-in desk. After a great walk around Hyde Park and a look at the London Eye, we returned to the hotel at noon to find that our room was ready for check-in.The facilities at the hotel are excellent and the room size was perfect for the three of us with the two extra single beds in the loft area. The bathroom facilities were very clean, and the shower was good and hot !The breakfast was also excellent, and very filling, and on some days we didn't need lunch at all. The staff were also very friendly.The location near Bayswater tube station is also perfect, and by purchasing an all day tube ticket, we could visit all of London's highlights.We also found the area around the hotel to be very safe.There are a large number of shops and restaurants near the hotel, including mini supermarkets which stock enough for evening meals, sandwiches, drinks etc.	
Apr 9 2006	Great location!	This hotel was quite lovely and in a great location. Walking distance from Bayswater Tube Station. Had a great weekend in London. We would love to stay here again. Good deal for Central London.	
Mar 19 2006	Good Location	From reading the reviews at Trip advisor, I booked the hotel here. Most of the previous comments were right on, A few Pros and consProsvery close to a Whiteley (sp) shopping mall, in case you are into shopping, also within a block of numerous restaurants of all types and pubs. We thought the Standard Indian Restaurant was not touristy and was very good value for the moneyAlso near Kensingston Gardens and Hype Park, so if you are into running or even walking in the park, it is right there.Easy access to the Circle line as the Baywater tube station is really close.Room was decent size and clean, Staff friendly when asked, even booked transit to Heathrow no complaintsConsThe Breakfast &quot;scene&quot; was not worth the trouble, we wound up having coffee in a few shops in the Mall.Some of the Pubs near by (including the Rat and Parrot) do not allow children (even in the day).I Have no complaints, would stay again	
Mar 13 2006	Great location	We stayed 3 nights in this clean and well-managed hotel, checkin was quick, our room was simple butclean, didn´t miss anything except for a larger TV!Check-out was as quick and easy as well, and therewas no problem to store luggage for a couple of hours,since our fligt wasn´t until the evening.Breakfast was a better than usual contintental, with a friendly and efficient staff. The absolutely bestthing is the location, in a quiet street just in themiddle of everything. A lot of subways and busesjust around the corner, and a lot of great restaurants. We will absolutely stay at this hotelagain, and can absolutely recommend it!	
Mar 13 2006	Great Location Good Value Best Western Phoenix Hotel UK	After reviewing this site over and over again, I decided to book us at the Best Western Phoenix in the Bayswater section of London. I really wasn't sure what to expect but, all the reviews were very good. I have to say the majority of the reviews were dead on. This hotel is in a great location. You are only a 5 minute walk to the tube (Bayswater - Circle Line) and can be to Westminster in 10 minutes. You are also remarkably close to Paddington Station if you are taking the Heathrow Express. It was only a 10 minute walk from the Hotel to the station. The rooms were modest and some how we lucked out by getting a triple suite instead of a twin room. We had a room and a loft were the 3rd twin was stationed. The room was clean which was all I was looking for a place to shower and sleep. While it could use a little sprucing up, the accomodations were fine for us. The bathroom was a nice size. They had a change on the door for security and I have to say the room was very warm and we needed the window open the entire stay. Breakfast was continental and was ok enough to get you going in the morning without having to spend money.By far the best part of this hotel is the location. Queensway is home to a variety of ethnic restaurants. There was chinese, indian, thai, pubs, italian, fast food and cafes. You name it and it was there. It definately made eating at night easy. There is also a mall about 150 yds from the hotel. They have restaurants on the 3rd floor as well. I will give you our best secret. It is called Marks and Spencer. If you are looking for a quick snack, water, soda or anything to eat in your room, head there. We purchased 2 L bottles of water there for 60p and if you simply want a sandwich you can get them for 1.60 - 2.00 pound. They were great and above all help save a few bucks for dinner.My other advice if you are going is to get a tourist tube card. It can save you alot of money everyday if you use the tube. My last piece of advice would be if you are a student or have students, take you student ID, you can save a lot of money by showing it at all the attractions. Good luck and have a great time in London.	
Mar 11 2006	Good value for the money	I spent a week at the Phoenix in February. This was my second visit in six months. Again I was very pleased with my stay. The room was clean and quiet. The halls were quiet. The breakfast room was efficiently managed. Although the food was simple, it was fresh. I still think that fresh fruit (instead of canned) would raise the level of the breakfast. I love the location--convenient for tube and bus and lots of restaurants and shopping near by. I will definitely stay here on my next visit to London.	
Mar 9 2006	Every Thing Just Perfect	Booking an Hotel in London is not so easy...specialy if you are a bugget travelerI stayed at the phoenix in March with my girl friend and we found this hotel a great bargain... Great price for a good quality hotel...Every thing was just fine.. The picture shown on their web site is what you should expect from your stay...Searching for rewies on this site I had high expectation ( that is not very good when you travel... you feal sad or angry when your expectation are not reached) ... but thank God these expectation were reached..The hotel seamed JUST REFURNISHED ... GOOD BREAKFAST( nothing special if you don't buy the english break fast for 6,50 pounds )but every thing was fresh ( fresh juice every day)I'm Italian and was fine for me but other traveller could feel tired of the same break fast after 3-4 days.Just two things they could improve on: Room are not very big... but fine for a stay of 3-4 nightsThe lift is very slow ...probably because is just one and it is used by the keepers aswell	
Feb 28 2006 	Small rooms but friendly and clean.	Friendly hotel with some small pitfalls as mentioned by others. Overall though, if you're not paying full whack, great value in a convenient location. Plenty of restaurants and shops within a minute's walk. Bayswater Underground Station within about 3 minutes walk. I was happy with the included continental breakfast, which could be upgraded to a max of £6.50 for a Full English. Would certainly stay again now I've been once.	
Feb 17 2006 	Convenient cheap clean	This is an excellent budget hotel. For its price it is a bargain, in London. The single room is as small as in most London hotels (also in more expensive ones) but space is well-organised, so that you don't feel like squeezed in a sardine-box. The hotel is perfect for a short stay, if you are not going to spend long time in your room. Linens, carpet, and bathroom were spotless clean. The shower did work well with adequate water pressure and temperature. The only problem was that the room was overheated and a bit stuffy, because the radiator knob didn't seem to work properly. A person from the reception fixed it as soon as I reported the problem, though. The personnel was rather friendly and helpful, though none of them was English; actually, some of them had little knowledge of the language.The continental breakfast (choice of cereals, yogurt, croissants, fresh bread, toasts, jam, cheese, ham) is fully satisfactory and is included in the price, while full English breakfast can be had for £6.50.The location makes the hotel very convenient for travelling about London: the Bayswater tube station is only 5 minutes walk from the hotel. There are several restaurants, pubs, internet cafés and shops nearby.It must be added, though, that there is no air conditioning, and this may be a problem in the summer.	
Feb 14 2006	good value for money	If you're looking for a nice budget hotel with basic services this hotel is an excellent surprise.Unlike in many other cities abroad, in London the major problem with hotels of this category (3 stars or below) is the relative size and cleanness of the rooms compared to the price charged. If you're expecting amenities and spaciousness here (as I read in some previous comments), make peace with the idea that you will have to spend at least (!) twice as much. Personally, this time my need was to have just a clean, convenient, comfortable place to sleep and possibly have breakfast while leaving my belongings safely kept during my stay, because I would have to spend all day and evenings out and about in town. Room: Single. It was small but bigger than most you'd find in similar hotels: the space was used rationally so it didn't give me the beehive impression of some unpleasant experiences of the past. The bed was comfortable, clean linens and covers, two pillows... no bedbugs! The room and the bathroom were spotless. Curtains and carpet clean too. The shower was working properly (with good pressure) and of normal continental size.Security: Chain locks on the door and safe boxes downstairs.Breakfast: Good. Offered all the basics: juices, milk and yogurt, choice of cereals, cheese and ham, jams and honey, breads and croissants. English breakfast option upon request (not included in buffet). I'd suggest not showing up at the last minute or you'll most probably have to queue up, the room will be crowded and the staff busier. The breakfast room, may have small iron bars at the windows (as someone pointed out) but at least this one has good natural light... breakfast rooms of other 3 stars hotels were in basements lacking windows and fresh air altogether. Location&amp;Transport: Extremely convenient. I needed to be flexible and independent in order to meet different people in different parts of town and indeed it was never a problem. Besides the tube, look into buses on both ends of Queensway so you'll enjoy additional sights of the city. Note that Queensway tube station is closed until May 06. When I'm flying to&amp;from Heathrow, I personally prefer taking the Express (15 min only vs almost an hour by tube). Paddinton-Hotel: you can either walk (15min), grab a black cab (5£), or take one of the many buses (one bus stop journey). The hotel in general is well kept and the staff helpful.	
Feb 13 2006	Lived up to Expectations	I read the reviews here before selecting this budget hotel on [----------] for my London stay from 2/2-2/6. This was my 2nd trip to London and the hotel was exactly as the positive reviews described (I stayed at the Ascot not far from this hotel on my first stay - my review is on TripAdvisor). Check in was a breeze and the front desk were cordial. I had a double room that was on the 2nd floor. Although compared to American hotels, it was a small room, it was a normal European double room. I wasn't there to lounge about or entertain guests in the room and was only in the room to sleep and shower. I am very meticulous about cleanliness and this room fit the bill. The sheets and towels were changed each day. There were no odd stains on the carpet, curtains or bed linen. The bathroom was sparkling clean and modern with an overhead shower. I was concerned about facing the street but the noise level was fine. The only instance of loudness was a jackhammer at 9:30a.m. one morning, but that's normal operating hours for street work anyway so I can't complain. There was a very small tv in the room that I wish were larger but I wasn't in London to watch tv anyway so I didn't mind.Regarding safety, the room had a chain lock, which not all European hotels have and a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign which was very helpful as maid service made their rounds very early each morning.The inclusive brekfast was great! The staff were pleasant and quick to clean the tables as guests waited for tables. It was VERY crowded at the hotel and there was a small wait 3 of the 4 days I had breakfast there, but it was included in the price so again, I can't complain. For those who do complain about the menu selection, they are probably used to American hotels and mistakenly expect the same standardization of large breakfasts in European hotels. I had cereal, milk, bread, ham, cheese, juice and tea each day. If I wanted somthing different I could easily have gone to any small cafe or fast food chain around the corner.The neighborhood was very lively with a large Middle-Eastern community. While there was Internet service in the hotel lobby for a fee, there were several Internet cafes around the corner which I stopped by each day. The only craziness I encountered was Waitangi day which took over the tube for one day so I had no problems taking the bus as an alternate. I plan on staying at this hotel in the future when wanting to stay in London on a budget.	
Feb 9 2006	Better spare your money	We spent a day and a half in London, and we stayed at the Best Western Phoenix hotel.The fact is that this was not a 3 star hotel as easyjet and hotelopia claimed it to be.I even wonder why Best Western chose this building to be a member of their family.The space given to us as a double-room was exactly the size of an almost double bed. You open the door and actually step on the bed, there was no more available space even to stand and get dressed.The restaurant was down at the lower basement with some windows protected by iron bars and we had to wait for almost half an hour in the queue in order to be seated and have breakfast, if someone can call breakfast the poorest buffet i've ever seen.We certainly felt like prisoners going from the cell (- so called room) to the dinning area (- so called restaurant) to have our portion of bread and water (- so called breakfast).The floor was covered by wall-to-wall carpeting and was squeaking on every step giving the impression that on any minute you were going to fall in some hole covered by the carpeting. Not to mention the odour in the corridors and the room.Ok the location was good, near the underground, peaceful neighbourhood and we had room service and clean towels every day but thats it. As a conclusion i don't recommend it, didn't deserve the money spent. Definitelly won't go there again and you shouldn't too if you respect yourself.	
Feb 4 2006	Good value and location!	Best value in Bayswater, I believe. No frills - e.g. no one to open your cab door annd take your bags, but there is an elevator and a good breakfast. Rooms are clean and comfortable, but London-size. The twin rooms are bigger than the double-bed rooms, and you can move the beds around easily because of their wheels, so we improvised for the sake of a bit more space. Don't use their phones without a card! Their internet is also more expensive than nearby internet cafes. Lots of shops and good restaurants in the area which stay open late -- don't miss the Persian restaurant Alounak on Westbourne Grove!	
Jan 21 2006	Average hotel	I went to England for two weeks, for all but 4 of the days I was elsewhere besides London and stayed with friends of mine. But I needed a hotel for the first and last two nights of my trip. The first two I stayed in the Thistle Charing Cross which was much better than the Phoenix cost twice as much. It probably had my expectations higher. I got to the Phoenix and realized the location just wasn't as great. I preferred being in the west end. With the Phoenix you had to take the tube to get pretty much everywhere. One of my biggest problems with the location was that I wanted to go to a club or bar in Leicester Square at night however because the tube stops running at around midnight I would have to find a taxi and pay a lot or take the bus back. I couldn't just walk back in less than 5 minutes like I could at the Charing Cross. Otherwise the location was fine because the tube got you anywhere.As for the room, I got a single room. It was small, but that's fine, I was a solo traveler so I didn't need huge. The bed wasn't great, just average. The room was on the warm side even with the window open. It was pretty clean though. The free breakfast was average...better than nothing as it had breads with all sorts of spreads, cereal, coffee, ham, and some fruit. One thing I noticed is that all the staff was foreign whereas at the Thistle many were British. So some couldn't speak english well. The lady at checkin was rude. So service wasn't great. However, I only paid about $150 for two nights here. So I can't complain, it was a decent place to stay and if I were to come again and couldn't get the Thistle for that price, I might stay here.	
Jan 18 2006	Will go back	There were eight of us sharing 2 guad rooms for 6 nights. Due to a missunderstanding, one of the rooms was a triple. Manager offered me a single room to stay for a night untill our second quad was ready- free of charge. The single room was small, but in UK terms, larger than I ever seen! I mean, traditionally, english BnBs are beehives; rooms have enough space just to sleep and get changed. This single room was larger than any other room I stayed in London and with a wonderfull view over the park across the street. The quad rooms, were &quot;family&quot; rooms; two single beds standing aside and two more single beds up 6 steps with their own TV and window- it was so lovely! Both rooms were spotless. The stuff is unbelievably hellpfull, even with people not speaking english, and they can recommend places to see and eat; their idea of eating at &quot;Bella Italia&quot; just around the corner, across the tube station was very good- real italian food in reasonable prices. Ask for the &quot;espresso menu&quot;. Breakfast was the classic continental breakfast; coffee, tea, hot chocolate, nuttela, marmalade, slices of bread you can toast, rolls, cheese, ham, flakes, musli, youghurt and fruit- I found it more than satisfying. Location is... well, even if it is your first in London and you are blindfolded, you can't miss it; so close to the tube and bus stops, with supermarkets, pharmacies, clean restaurants from italian to morrocan to greek to indian just a few minutes walk away from it and a shopping center at the corner! I stayed before in the same area, but I was foolish enough not to book in Phoenix the first time... I unquestionably recommend this hotel to anyone. It is so cute and warm, so clean, so wonderfull, it is going to make your stay unforgetable. PS. If it is your first in London, concider booking a &quot;Classic London&quot; tour. This wonderefull service will you can find it in this hotel (a leaflet just by the elevator) or at ----	
Jan 16 2006	Worth the small hassles....	The RoomI had a single hotel room which, as expected was small - Not tiny but not very big either. The room was very tidy, not only on arrival but every day after the cleaners had gotten in. The bed was comfortable also. The shower pressure however was not only weak, but squirted in every direction but down! The television seemed to be mistuned, with no satellite available, there was no radio in the room (I ended up leaving one there I had purchased for the next guest) and what point is it having a Kettle if the jug doesn't fit into the bathroom sink to be filled up? Also, a toilet right next to a huge window which meant, if using the toilet with the light on, EVERYONE outside could see through the mesh curtain.The LocationI dont think you could ask for a better location! 1 block from the Bayswater tube station, 2 blocks from Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park and heaps of shops and restaurants nearby.The PriceThe price was fantastic. I got a deal from another website which meant I got this hotel for less than other, obviously nastier places.The StaffMany of the staff didnt seem terribly interested in being helpful at all. I had to ask 4 different waitresses in the restaurant how I ordered something from the menu for breakfast and was each time either told to wait and forgotten about, or in 1 case just had a finger held up to me to wait. I was quite shocked by it. The bar staff however, were very nice, and keen to start conversations.The Other stuffThere was building going on in the building next door which, unfortunately started at 8 every morning and involved drilling and nailing directly against the wall my bedhead was at. Not the hotels fault, just something to be aware of if your in a room near the far end of the building. Luggage storage is free which was handy. Laundry service however was INCREDIBLY overpriced! Im used to staying in places where there is a laundry in the hotel you can use yourself. From memory it was around the 3 pound mark for a single sweatshirt! Use the laundromat around the corner. Much cheaper and only takes about 45 minutes of your time.	
Jan 9 2006	Not Good at all......	We stayed in 2 rooms here in November. The good news first- The location is awesome, very close to the Tube and a lively neighborhood just a block away. Other reviews have it well chronicled here. The free breakfast buffet is adequate, but very boring after a couple of days. The pub /lounge is good, comfortable, affordable, and friendly. They offered complementary snacks during happy hour, which was nice.The bad news- They really messed up the reservation and gave us the wrong room, so we had to move the next morning. They charge absolutely criminal rates on phone calls ( 1 pound for a 10 second call to an 800 number). We were using several kinds of 800 number phone cards, and had to pay an additional $100 in calls when checking out. They charge a very high price for internet access in the public lobby. $3.00 for 20 minutes is not a good deal. They claim to have &quot;satellite TV&quot;, but the TV's in both rooms only received 7 channels each, while the TV in the pub got several hundred channels.They claim to have &quot;concierge&quot; service, what a joke. All of the deskstaff was cold, pompous, and unfriendly. The maid service was lousy, they only emptied the trash cans, ignoring used coffee dishes, empty bottles, etc. They didn't replace coffee cups, spoons, etc, they let trash pile up for days. The heaters in the rooms were very hot and couldn't be turned off for some reason. We were forced to constantly have the windows open (in Nov) to keep from sweating.The shower water was scalding if you weren't very careful with the controls. I think the value for this hotel was decent, but don't expect too much, and you will be happy here.	
Dec 26 2005	Highly recommended	What a great bargain/find. The posts about this hotel are all correct. I had prepared myself for a tiny European room, however, my room here was more than ample and perhaps only a touch smaller than comparable hotels here in the states. The staff was extremely friendly.The hotel does not provide safes in the room, but the front desk will assign you a safe deposit box free of charge, which rivals a bank safe deposit box. You have a key and the receptionist has a key and you need both to access the box.Breakfast was good and plentiful but did get a bit tiresome after a week. It included 3 varieties of rolls, butter, jams, nuetella, hot tea, coffee, toast, yogurt, fruits, cheese, and ham.The neighborhood is superb. The hotel is literally a few buildings down from a Mall (Whitely's) and on Queensway there are a ton of restaurants (both fast food and nicer ones) as well as a Boots (drug store), and 2 Tesco's. There is also a M&amp;S in the mall.The Bayswater tube stop is at most a 10 minute walk away and its through the commericial areas so even walking late at night is not a problem.No complaints about the bed/furniture or the maid service. Everything was perfect, and considering the price, this is truely a great buy.Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a safe, clean, quiet, cheap/not fancy hotel.	
Dec 6 2005	Great Bargain	Comfortable, spacious, quiet rooms. Triple room had a separate loft area for the third bed with separate TV. Quality breakfast with cold meats, cereals, pastries, etc. No lunch or dinner served on premises but 1 block from a variety of restaurants. 2 blocks from the Bayswater subway, 1 block from an indoor mall. Internet access is available in lobby for a small fee. Able to check in at 11am to stash our bags as our flight arrived early in the morning. Highly recommended.	
Nov 2 2005	I will come back to The Phoenix	We have just returned for 4 days at Phoenix. We were 7 people in 3 rooms.All has been good, clean and nice rooms, quite small but quiet.Full breakfast included with the room price, with good cereals, cheese, jam, rolls. It has been more than expected. Perfect hotel for a visit to London stay. Definitivelly I can recomend Phoenix to every body that looks for a good price Hotel in London.	
Oct 28 2005	Excellent value for money	At £60 per night for a twin room, including breakfast, this is a great London hotel. The room was tiny - we had to edge round one of the beds to get into the bathroom - but it was quiet, clean and comfortable. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Oct 18 2005	Great location great room	The Best Western Phoenix Hotel is very centrally located, off of Queensway, a lively street with restaurants of all kinds of different foods--Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Italian, Fast food, etc. There are convenience stores there too, so if you need bottled water, juices, or snacks, you'll find them there. There is also a shopping center on the corner, Whiteley's which has many stores, good restaurants, and an easyInternetCafe, which is open until very late, so you can keep in touch with your family/friends back home. The Underground station Bayswater is a short walk from the hotel, so you can get anywhere from there. There is a lot of security in all the Underground Stations, so we felt very safe coming back late. The room itself is small, but very clean. The bathroom has good size and the morning breakfast is good (cereals, yogurts, juices, coffee, tea, breads and spreads). All in all, we had a great stay at this hotel, and we would certainly go back there again.	
Oct 4 2005	Good Value	We booked in advance from Bestwestern.com, and got an excellent rate (58 GBP per night per room - all in). Location: excellent, short walk from the Bayswater tube station and Whiteleys shopping centre. This is a big shopping centre with many brand name stores (which we didn't discover until the last day of our stay.)When we got there, they gave us a room with twin beds instead of double as per our reservation. We were told they don't have a double room available until the following day. So we, honeymooners were stuck with twin beds for the first night.The twin bed room: no fan so the window has to be open and it was very noisy at night. Room is small, basic but clean. Mattress is a little soft.We got moved to a double room the following day and what a difference! Better bed, more room and there was a fan in the room. Included breakfast was above average.	
Oct 3 2005	Great Place to Stay	We stayed in London for 2 nights and booked this hotel based on the reviews I read stressing the value. I couldn't agree more.We got a very clean, large double room at a very good price (expedia). Rooms can be very expensive in London, so it would be foolish to stay anywhere else. The breakfast buffet (included in room price) is a good way to start off the day. Typical buffet food (bread, cheese, cereals) etc ...The hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood, but just off a busy street so lots of restaurants, internet cafes, pubs, shopping mall are accessible by foot.Furthermore, the tube station Bayswater is a very short walk away so you can access all the sites from there.We're all looking for a good clean hotel in a quiet neighborhood at a resonable price. This hotel fits the bill.	
Sep 29 2005	Excellent Value	I have stayed in many hotels in London and the Phoenix Hotel (located in the Bayswater's area) is excellent value.The rooms are pleasantly decorated, with modern tiled bathrooms and are very clean. The beds are very comfortable as well. Nothing terrible fancy but none the less very pleasing. The staff are accomodating, the continental breakfast (included in the room price) is more than ample and served in a pleasant breakfast room.The location is just a short walk from the Bayswater tube station and there are many shops, including the all important Tesco's, on the main thoroughfare, Queensway. The Whiteley's Shopping Centre is located at the end of the street. There is also internet access (located in a sitting room just off the main lobby - nominal fee) and a little bar as well with a couple of nice seating areas. There is an elevator in this hotel (big plus)The only drawback is the lack of air conditioning in the hotel main areas and the rooms themselves. This did not pose a problem as the weather was very mild but might if one was staying during the summer months. On the plus side, though located just off the main road (Queensway) the hotel and surrounding areas are very quiet and quite pleasant. All in all a very good value for one's money.In future I would not hesitate to book again with them.	
Sep 21 2005 	Nice hotel	I spent 7 nights at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel.Located in Bayswater area of London, at 200 meters from Bayswater Tube Station and three stations for Earls Court Convention Center. The staff were pleasant and very helpful. Room was small but comfortable, no air conditioned.The whole hotel is in mint condition and very clean.The bathroom was almost new with large quantity of towels. The continental breakfast included in rate (GBP 68.00) had a good selection of cereals, cheese, ham, several rolls and breads, juices. coffee and tea.Restaurant with excellent service and very clean.Wireless internet worked only at the lobby area where a nice lounge allowsto take break after seeing London.It is surrounded by restaurants, stores and a shopping mall and at walkdistance of Notting Hill and the park.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 21 2005	Great Hotel Clean and Comfortabel	Just came home from a four day trip to london. We booked two double rooms in advance for only 58,- Euro/Night/person/room We got very got value for our money. The rooms are very clean, large enough and very quite. Staff is friendly and helpfull.Had some drinks at the bar in the night, and the usually close at 1 o´clock in the morning. But we asked and they helped with drinks much longer. I can recommend the hotel to everybody. Breakfast is OK as well, did not expect more, and you can eat as much as you like.	
Sep 14 2005	Good Hotel for Money	Just returned from London, spent 6 nights at the Phoenix and for the most part we were pleased. Yes the rooms are small, but I understand most are in the area - the rooms are clean and cosy! No AC but open the window during the day and use the fan at night, if a hot day in Summer, get a hotel with AC if you must. Location is excellent, very multi-cultural, close to the tube, and shops, pubs, and lovely indian food. Staff are ok, english is not their first language but no problems to report. The pillows were very hard, we asked them to change ours for us and they did. The reason the pillows were hard is that they are new pillows - good sign. Nice little Bar area and after a long day, a cold beer is just what you need to relax from touring. Food - the continental breakfast is one of the best I've seen - better than most in Canada or US. Lots of selection, and the tea is great. Price of hotel is good, we would have preferred AC, I guess we are spoiled. One final note, the bathroom is small, but modern and managable, if you plan to spend a lot of time in the room don't stay here pay several $$$ more or stay home. Good value for money. Would stay again.	
Sep 7 2005	Loved the Phoenix	This was a lovely hotel. Unbelieveable location -- Whitely's Shopping Centre at the top of the street (less than 1/2 block) and great bus service. The Bayswater Tube Station is just around the corner. While the rooms are very small, they are extremely clean as is the whole hotel. Very comfortable. While the continental breakfast is basic, it is plentiful. This hotel is very good value	
Aug 31 2005	wonderful locationclean and elegant lounge area	I visit London regularly and usually battle to find a hotel with a good location that is also very clean with an elegant ambiance at a very resonable price. The Phoenix provided all of this. I will most surely stay there again. Be careful that you ask for a room that does not face the main road. Friends that i travelled with got such rooms and they found it very noisy. I had a room that faced away and never heard a thing! The breakfast restuarant is pleasant but the food very plain.	
Aug 25 2005	Great Spot	I would not hesitate to recommend this property. The location is excellent - just off Queensway in Bayswater within minutes of the Underground and bus routes. Service was very good and staff accommodating. Breaksfast is all you can eat and very high quality. Rates are excellent. So much higher standard than some of the older, more down at heel hotels in Paddington, but priced realistically.	
Aug 14 2005	a pleasant stay	We had a nice room. Every day cleaness.The breakfast was very good.The hotel is about 300 metres from tube station Bayswater and about 100 metres from Whiteleys, a great shopping centre.We had a room on the streetsite but it was rather quit.We stayed for four nights and have a great stay in London.Good service in Phoenix hotel	
Jul 27 2005	Very good hotel!	The hotel was very clean and comfortable although our double room was quite small. Bathroom was excellent! Nice location and everything. I would definetly stay there again.	
Jul 13 2005	Great Location - Good People	We stayed in a spacious family room for 5 days in June. The staff was very kind and helpful. The location is excellent - close to Bayswater underground, small shops/restaurants. The neighborhood is supprisingly quiet. My only complaint and this comes from a spoiled American...no air conditioning. (This is not uncommon in London.) Our stay was during an unusual heat wave. While the hotel gave us a fan; our room on the 4th floor was uncomfortable until the weather broke. We would definitely stay at The Phoenix again!!	
Jun 28 2005	I would stay there again without a second thought	I had never stayed in London before, and was warned that the rooms would be small, and a three or four star hotel meant nothing, but this hotel was more than I had expected! I had a great experience, and the next time I visit London, I would not hesitate to stay here again. I was traveling alone, and my room was perfect for just me, and the staff was very helpful with suggestions of where/ what to do for nightlife, getting around, etc. The breakfast (included) was more than I expected. Great area, with great restauraunts, shops, close to the tube stations. Thumbs way up for the Phoenix.	
Jun 2 2005	great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Phoenix in Bayswater May 18-20, 2005. I got an awesome rate of 66 pounds per nigt (inclusive of the VAT) at hotels-london. This was half the price quoted at all the other popular hotel reservations sites. The hotel was within 2 blocks, maybe a 5 minute walk, to the Bayswater tube stop (exit the tube, turn left, turn left at the mall/gallery, and the hotel is a short block down on the left).  Because our flight arrived at 9:30 AM, we were at the hotel well before check in time; however, our room was quickly prepared so we could drop our bags and head out. I was nervous about the size of the room after reading reviews about all the London hotels, but the size was just fine for sleeping and decompressing. It had large windows that overlooked the small square. No AC here, so I would hesitate about staying here in warm weather. The street was quiet, and we slept one night with the windows open, something I couldn't imagine doing in a big city. The bathroom was in almost new condition with mable tiles. Very clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast is exactly how it was described here: predicatable. However, since our trip took us all over Europe, we found that every hotel has virtually the same continental breakfast: bread/rolls/croissant, ham, cheese, cereals, milk, juices, coffee, fruit (usually canned), yogurt. The difference here was the presentation. At the Phoenix, you were seated in the restaurant area with beautifully set tables, and you made your way to the buffet room. Empty plates were cleared immediately. Very nice. As is the US custom, we thought we should tip the waitresses, however no one else was. We found out from our European friends that tipping is different in Europe. Most include the tip in the check, and if you would like, you can leave an extra Pound or Euro. Tip: look at your bill in London to see if the tip has been added! Tour tickets are sold at the hotel lobby desk for the same prices as at the attractions themselves, so save time and get them at the hotel if you don't have a London Pass.  We found the Phonix hotel to be clean and well kept for such an old building. The staff was very professional, too. The neighborhood was packed with small restaurants of every kind, and cheap internet access was easy to find, at about 1 Pound an hour. I have recommended this hotel to my friends and family and would stay here again fall-spring. It is a great location, so close to everything, quiet, clean, and a professional staff.	
May 7 2005 	Highly recommended	Stayed twice in April on business. Once had double bed, once single. Though not large, rooms were clean, breakfast great and location in Bayswater excellent. For the price, best hotel I have stayed at in London - and I spend alot of time looking for good chear 3 star hotels wordwide.Richard, New York	
Apr 12 2005	Perfect Place to Stay....	I stayed here for 8 days in April and it was a great deal. I payed 55GBP on the weeknights and 63GBP on the weekends and it was worth every bit. I stayed in a single room but was given a double bed at no extra charge. The rooms are small, but not any different than what I expected. The bathroom had a nice warm shower and a sink and toilet with a small heater next to it (which I never used). My room had a hair dryer and tv and my window over looked a quite street alongside the hotel. It's very centrally located, only a block away from the Bayswater tube stop and has shops all around it, but is far enough of the main street to miss the noise. The staff did their job but weren't overly enthusiastic which is my only small complaint. The breakfast was ample and I ended up skipping a few to go to the French Patisserie just down the street for some wonderful treats. My room was cleaned every day and I got fresh towels. The newspaper was outside my door every morning. It was perfect for what I needed it for and I had plenty of pillows and blankets and the bed was SO comfortable. In fact, one of may favorite parts of my trip was waking up to British TV and lazing around in my bed. Very nice hotel and well worth the price. I'd go back anytime.	
Apr 9 2005	Quite Surprised With This Hotel	I just spent 3 nights at the Best Western Phoenix Hotel in Bayswater area of London. I had read the reviews for this hotel and the majority were good. I was quite pleased with this hotel overall. It is in a very good location, a 5 minute walk from the Bayswater Tube Station and a 10 minute walk from the Queensway Tube Station. I had a single room, and yes it was small, but all hotel rooms in London are on the small side. It was tastefully decorated in neutral colors and clean. The bathroom was of good size for a single room and looked almost new. The towels were big and fluffy and the water pressure was excellent. I had no limitation of hot water either. I only had a shower without a tub though, which was a little disappointing as I like to take hot baths.I had friends who stayed in a family or triple room. They had a very large bathroom with a tub that was very suitable for taking a soak in the tub. Their room was very spacious and was easy for 3 guys to move around in.The continental breakfast that comes with the price of the room was filling. I have seen continental breakfast offered at a 4 star hotel I have stayed at in London that was worse. You had a selection of cereals, cheese and ham, several rolls and breads to choose from. Coffee and/or tea, and juice. The service was good as well.The staff at the front desk were pleasant and very helpful. You can purchase tickets from them for the open bus tours or just about anything you would like to see in London for the same price you would pay once you got to the exhibit. If you purchase from the desk, then you do not have to stand online. We did this for the Tower of London and saved us standing online. We walked straight to the will-call window and picked up our ticket.They have a small bar/lounge area and we enjoyed sitting there after a long day walking around seeing London. It was very pleasant and less smokey than a pub. There are some very good reastaurants in the area around the hotel, there is an indoor shopping mall across from the hotel.All in all, I say this is a very good hotel to stay at and I would put it on my short list of hotels to stay at in London. The price for a double was 80 pounds per night. The only drawback is they do not have air conditioning and I would hesitate to stay there in the summer. The front of the hotel looks out over Kensington Square.	
Mar 23 2005	Good hotel convenient location	I stayed at the Phoenix for 5 nights in August 2004 and found it to be a convenient and comfortable base. It is nice and close to the underground as well as food outlets in Bayswater. The surrounding area gets busy and noisy during the Notting Hill carnival but the Phoenix is just far enough off the main drag to avoid most of it. The bed was quite comfrtable. I do agree with one previous reviewer about the condition of the iron cord. My only gripe was, being in a non-smoking room, that whenever someone nearby smoked it came straight through the exhuast fan vent in my room.	
Feb 3 2005	Just What I Was Looking For	I stayed at the Phoenix for 8 nights in mid-January and it was just what I wanted: clean, comfortable, convenient and reasonably priced. I chose it based largely on the reviews here and so I thank those that reviewed it previously -- it was just as advertised. I was traveling alone but opted for a double room which was worth the bit extra. Bathroom was spotless and looked newly renovated. Plenty of hot water and water pressure. Breakfast was sufficient to get one going in the morning and that was all I asked of it. Extremely convenient. Bayswater tube station just around the corner (Circle and District lines) and Queensway station (Central line) another block futher along. Lots of restaurants and shops along Queensway and short walk to Notting Hill neighborhood. Although Queensway is a busy street, the hotel is on a quiet square just off of it. I had a room on the top floor which overlooked the square and was never bothered by noise. It's not a super posh neighborhood but I always felt safe, even when coming home from theatre. Even with the dollar in the tank, I felt I got my money's worth!	
Jan 31 2005	A pleasant hotel room at last!	On the 16th of January 2005, I arrived at the hotel lobby before10 a.m. for an overnight stay. Though I was too early, I was allowed by the frieindly staff to check-in into a non-smoking room.I was very pleased with this level of service. Thank you.Room, bath, and the inner decor were clean and pleasant and its definitely worth for the price you pay. Checked out early and therefore, couldn't comment on the breakfast. However, by seeing the bar &amp; the breakfast room gave me a good impression. Hotel location is pefect-very near to Bayswater/Queensway Tube. Either for the elderly visitors, or for the lonely female travellers, this hotel is idealas it is within easy walking distance from the tube, safe, and always people passing by even at late night. T.V. &amp; Toilet was small though clean and functional. It did not bother me. This hotel will give you a business like hotel feeling and it gives you a good value. Thanks for reading my review and hope you willfind it helpful for your next London visit!	
Jan 20 2005	Very satisfied!	We stayed here in early January for three days. It was perfect for us. The hotel was very comfortable and quiet (small bathroom but very clean and well stocked), the staff was helpful, the location couldn't have been better and they provided a good breakfast. There are many good restaurants nearby as well as small stores and the subway. I would definitely stay here again and thought the price was very reasonable for the location.	
Dec 14 2004	girls weekend	We-ve just got back, and we fully enjoyed our visit. Hotel location is great, restaurants, pubs and shops nearby. And easy connections in to the city, The Hotel is great, It was clean and the breakfast is enough to start the day with. The room was on the small side but not bad at all. The staff are very friendly and the barmaid makes the best cappuccino...Thanks ..we´ll be back.	
Nov 17 2004	Very nice accommodations	I travel to London often and usually stay in same hotel in Bloomsbury. The most recent trip I stayed at the Best Western Phoenix in Baywater and was very pleased with the room and service. The Breakfast room was bright and cheerful, there was plenty of hot water in the room, and the the staff was very courteous. The rooms were average size for a London hotel with two twins, desk. nightstand, closet, small tv and a nice bathroom. It is located in a busy area of town but the noise was minimal even with the window open! I definately recommend this hotel for it's affordability, location and accommodations.	
Oct 29 2004	Tiny room but good quality facilities and service	Excellent Location, 10 mins walk to Queensway or or Bayswater tube stations, Kensington Gardens, Queensway Shops, I guess I must have had one of the worst rooms in the Hotel as it was on the basement level and had a window of a brick wall and some wire fencing, and the room/shower was tiny, luxury if you're an ompa-lompa LOL. But it was still clean had tv, tea/coffee/kettle, nice hot high pressure shower, clean floor and beds and breakfast is included with very affordable rates.Not too shabby!	
Oct 26 2004	Disappointment	We selected this hotel based on the reviews from Trip Advisor. I have to say we were very disappointed. We are American Expatriates living in England so we have stayed in a number of hotels during our many travels around the UK and Europe. This one ranks close to the bottom! The room was very small, but not as small as the bathroom. We were only staying for one night as we were flying out of Heathrow the next morning. Had we been staying longer, I would have seriously considered moving to another hotel. The location was good as it was very close to the tube station. I wouldn't stay again.	
Oct 19 2004	Great location very clean and cozy	We've just returned from England and Ireland and stayed for 3 nights in the BW Phoenix. We were very pleased with our room and the hotel in general. It looked as though it may have been recently remodeled. Our room was on the small side, but not a problem since we were usually only there to sleep. The breakfast every morning was great! We never ventured out to sight-see hungry! We would definitely stay there again - the Tube station was less than a block away.	
Oct 1 2004	Nice hotel and great location	This hotel was nice and clean. Our room was pretty big and very comfortable, though the bathroom was tiny. The staff was friendly and helpful, we actually extended our stay and they were extremely accomadating. Overall the hotel was very nice. The area was really the best thing about this hotel. It is close to the Bayswater and Queensway Underground stops, which was nice for sightseeing, and getting to central London. However, most nights we stayed close to the hotel because there was so much for us to do there. There are many pubs and restarants within walking distance, one in particular was the Troller Hut, which has excellent food, entertainment and wonderful people.	
Sep 30 2004	Good Choice for Reasonable London Hotel	We stayed at the BW Pheonix for two stints of two night on our recent Europe trip in September. The Pheonix is a clean, reasonably priced choice in a very good location and we recommend it. Staff: Mostly friendly and fairly helpful. They accomadated a room change our first stay. The hotel is the typical European 'leave your key at the desk' deal.Room/Hotel: The Pheonix is the common Georgian townhouse conversion and fairly good sized. The lobby is pleasant and clean. Our first room was typically London sized (small) but fairly well furnished with newer furniture. The bathroom was very nice and recently remodeled. No AC but a fan was provided. No iron in the room (probably can request one). Tea/coffee, and small TV with usual channels. A morning Paper is a perk. Our 2nd room was again clean with a new bathroom. But... almost ridiculously small. There is basically the bed and about 1 1/2-3ft around it. We travel light and there was no place to open our bags. Anyone with actual suitcases would be in big trouble. The size of the room was frankly very irritating. We were going to request a change but looking at the fire escape floorplan it looked like most other rooms were similar in size. I think we lucked out our first stay. The room with two twin beds as opposed to one double we were originally put in was much bigger. Location: Very good. The hotel is right off Queensway and a very short walk to the Bayswater tube (approx. 3min), and a couple more blocks to Queensway. Then a 20min ride to the West End. Queensway itself is buzzing late and thus feels safe walking to the hotel around midnight-2am. Overall: Recommended given the quality of rooms, location, and reasonable price ($110-$145). However, you might be in for a squeeze (even by London standards).	
Sep 25 2004	good	The location of this hotel is good beauseboth Basewater(circle) and Queensway(cent.)are available.Although I am not good at speaking English,staffs are very kind.Plus price is not so expensive in spite of London.	
Sep 5 2004	Excellent Location	We stayed at the Phoenix for 5 nights in late August. The location is excellent. The Phoenix Hotel is only a block from the main street, Queensway. Whiteley's Mall, with its food court and Marks and Spencers grocery store is a block away. Bayswater is a great multi-ethnic neighborhood with plenty of restaurants and shops and activity. The Bayswater tube station is about a short 3 block walk, and the Queensway tube station only another block or so further. An internet cafe is only a block or so away on Queensway. We had a triple room on the first floor and found it to be spacious and clean. The high ceilings made it seem even larger. Since it was a bit humid, we asked for a fan and it was delivered to our room in a short time. The bathroom was small but sufficient and very clean. It was restocked every day with shampoo and bath gel. The included breakfast consisted of cold cereal, croissants, ham, cheese, yogurt, fruit and assorted rolls. It was the same every day but nicely presented in a breakfast room in the basement. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to London. The location is perfect. The only reason I didn't give the Phoenix a 5 rating was the breakfast. It could stand a little more variety since it tends to get a bit monotonous after the 2nd day. Other than that, we highly recommend the Phoenix.	
Jul 31 2004	Great value for the price	I stayed at the (Best Western) Phoenix Hotel on 1-8 Kensington Gardens Square for 3 nights in July 2004. On arrival the lift was being serviced but a member of staff cheerfully (!) carried my heavy bag up three flights of stairs. The rest of my stay the lift worked fine. Desk staff were friendly (but couldn't help with some tourist-type questions). Had single room on 3rd (US=4th) floor. Excellent en suite facilities, small room size typical of London (I've stayed in smaller rooms!). Breakfast fine (both continental and &quot;cooked&quot; options). Easy walk to two different tube lines; good restaurants and shopping too. I travel to London every couple of years and would definitely stay here again if the price remains comparable.	
Jul 13 2004	Great location small but clean	Stayed at this hotel for 1 week, 3-9 July 2004. Booked it based on comments from travel advisor and was not disappointed. The room was small (I expected that) but clean, plenty of hot water, great water pressure, clean linens, great bath towels and a fantastic location. Close to two tube stations, Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park and Notting Hill. Plenty of restuarants, pubs, cafes, and shops. The continental breakfast (included in room rate) was totally satisfying to us as we're not big breakfast eaters. Four different kinds of cold cereal, rolls, bread, croissants, ham, cheese, yogurt, juice, and canned fruit salad. No air conditioning, however the evenings were cool and comfortable. I'd think twice about staying here in August, though. Overall, a great place to stay.	
Jun 21 2004	good hotel in a good neigbourhood	We stayed her one week in june 2004. We had no troubles at all. The elevator worked, the clock worked and also the tv worked. A lot of water pressure, hot water and every day new soap and shampoo. Even new bed sheets every 2 days! The breakfast is ok, there is enough of everything, but yes it is every day the same stuff.The can be some noise on the street but nothing to really worry about for London standards.But the best is the location: near the 2 tube stations Bayswater and Queensway. A lot of restaurants and shops in the neigborhood. If you want to be in a green parc: Kensington Gardens at a five minute walk. So we were happy with it and will go back when we come to London again.	
Jun 11 2004	Stayed there in Feb 2004	thought it was a good hotel for the price. clean if not spacious. had nice gathering areas. good location, very convient to two tube stops and across from a mall with a few shops, restaurants and a movie theater.	
May 31 2004	You get what you pay for	The main advantages of the Phoenix are that it is inexpensive and that it is conveniently located. Anyone who stays here expecting anything other than a typical London budget hotel will probably be disappointed -- the rooms are small, the breakfast is minimal, etc. The bathroom in my room was quite adequate by London hotel standards. I found the staff to be quite pleasant. I stayed there in March, and would probably be willing to stay there again if I were travelling to London on a budget -- but since the rooms are not air conditioned, I'd probably think twice about staying there in summer.	
May 21 2004	Reasonable price made it a good choice.	I stayed here for three nights at the end of March in a single room. I have stayed in London a few times before and the room size seemed comparable to other single rooms I have stayed in. I choose this place based on the reviews from tripadvisor and because I found a good rate for the place on a London hotels web site, 49GBP per night. I had to laugh when I returned home and saw that some of the reviews that have been a bit more mixed in recent weeks. As I was having similar thoughts about the hotel. Here are what I thought were the best points. Great location, close to many shops and resturants. I felt safe walking at night back from the tube to the hotel as there were lots of people still walking the streets, even as late as 11pm. The room seemed clean and as I mentioned earlier, the price was very good. The room appeared clean, ironically, the wall clock in my room also needed a new battery. The bathroom was small but typical of London. I did, however, get sprayed a few times by the facet sink, as it could only be turned on very lightly, almost a dribble, or the water bounced off the small sink and hit the person in front of the sink. While breakfast was free, it was pretty bland and appeared of low quality. And the breakfast staff seemed overwhelmed and while not unpleasant, they did seem joyless in their work. I would stay here again if I was able to secure a reasonable rate but at the same time will keep an eye out for other possibilities. Perhaps back to bed and breakfasts, once a person has enjoyed a well cooked English breakfast it is hard to not want the same quality again. But I would recommend this hotel, especially for women travelling alone who need a budget choice.	
May 14 2004	Acceptable and satisfactory	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for three nights in December 2003 and had a good time. Yes, the elevator had problems when we were there. Bad start, but it got better. We got here on a cold, rainy day and were happy to find a warm hotel with friendly staff. When we got to our room, we found it to be clean and fine. Nothing fancy, but no complaints, either. The room was kind of stuffy, but an open window took care of that. Heater worked great and we had no cigarette smell troubles.The room was fine for two people, not big, but not bad either. No airco, but who needs it in December. The clock didn’t work, but who cares? The colour TV worked fine, but who cares when you’re in London. There was a water boiler in the closet, which was clean and worked great. The bathroom was not huge, but again, not too small either and was clean and fitted all our stuff. Warm water and plenty of water pressure.We stayed on the third floor (second for Europeans) and were at the front of the hotel. So, we had a beautiful view of the park in front. Since this area has lots of hotels, people walk by a lot, but it didn’t bother us and we found the area tranquil. Breakfast was the same everyday, but was good and not less than many of the other hotels that I’ve used. The area is fantastic as the hotel is located just a minute away from the tube (Bayswater). You can get to Paddington Station and from there to Heathrow super easily. The same place is packed with shops, eating places (fast food, regular) and there is an evening store across from the underground. Perfect for when you come back late and hungry. Whitelys is even closer and that was perfect as well. Whitelys is a beautiful mall with tons of shops (clothes, food, books, music) where we stopped by many times (to pick up our lunch: muffins at Starbucks!). Notting Hill is very close by and it doesn’t take long to get to any of the tourist sites from here.To make a long story short: the hotel isn’t great or flashy. If you are in London as a tourist for a couple of days and can take a few setbacks here and there, it is a fine place to stay.	
May 11 2004	Good place to stay	Reasonably priced, clean, attentive staff, great location, wonderful neighbourhood. For those with back problems, the bed was comfy - firm mattress. Nothing luxurious, but good value for money. Be prepared for small rooms. Buy room using online discounts.	
May 3 2004	I thought it would be great....	I had never booked a hotel over seas before and did my research pretty good. My travel partner left it up to me and she said that she wanted to be in a certain area. So as I narrowed it down I settled on the Phoenix hotel. The location was good, near Bayswater and one other tube, the food in the area is good but the hotel itself was smaller than I expected, the beds were hard and the sheets looked really old. The bathroom was tiny but ok, but the water pressure was horrible. I had to move back and forth to rinse my hair out properly. The breakfast was the same everyday and became dull quickly. The witnessed some of the staff being rude to other guests and that was a put off. Also every day when it was time to go back to my room after breakfast the lift did not want to work and we had to huff it up the stairs to our room. It seems that the lift did not take kindly to being used so much at one time, and this happened every day. So any one who has a hard time with stairs do not stay there.	
Apr 26 2004	Not so bad not so good	I stayed here for 7 nights. Read the reviews on this site before booking and found them mostly accurate, if a little optimistic. I was travelling alone, and booked a single room. Yes, it was tiny! Wee! Miniscule! Carpet was threadbare and stained in places, water damage to wallpaper and carpet in one corner. Although I had requested a non-smoking room, my room had an ashtray in it (although it didn't smell of smoke) and my neighbors smoked. My room was on the fourth floor, with a lovely view over the square. Mostly pretty quiet at night, although since I live in a big city I might not be as sensitive to noise as others. The room was extremely clean ... and I'm picky! Bathroom (also tiny) was spotless and the shower had good water pressure and ample hot water. I had no trouble getting an extra pillow and batteries for the TV remote. Never ate breakfast, so can't comment on that. Elevator is a little scary (clunky). No peephole or deadbolt on room door. Location is good; close to two tube stations and within easy walking distance of tons of restaurants and shops. Would I stay here again? Yes, but if I could find something better maintained at the same low price, I'd stay there instead.	
Apr 22 2004	Wish we hadn't bothered!	We booked in for two nights, London Marathon weekend. As soon as we got there the receptionist tried to tell me they were fully booked and they were moving us to a sister hotel the other side of Hyde Park. I argued because we had booked this hotel three months previous so we were going nowhere! They got their own back by putting us in the smallest boxroom they had in the basement with only one plug that worked the small tv, so to use any other electrical appliance we had to unplug that. The shower flooded the bathroom to at least an inch of water. The wall clock didnt work. The kettle was hidden in the wardrobe because the room was too small to leave it out anywhere. The french window opened onto a whitewashed wall and the foreigners in the next room were arguing at 3am!! All in all, it was crap! We wish we had let them move us but we had family staying in Hilton Hyde Park thats why we booked the Phoenix because it was near to them. My partner had to leave early on the Sunday morning to get to Marathon start and they didnt even offer an early breakfast, we had to buy breakfast in a local shop! I wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone, it may be cheap by London standards but it was still £145 wasted on one breakfast and two nights in a dingy, noisy boxroom!	
Apr 16 2004	Very Disappointing	We booked into the Phoenix Hotel recently for 4 nights as an Easter break. I can't really comment on the facilities in detail as, on our arrival, we felt our room was so depressing that we immediately booked into another local Hotel and left! We also had a teenager staying with us. The single, small, portable television in the room was in the &quot;loft&quot; area. Were we all supposed to cosy up together on the single bed to watch TV?? The furnishings and bed linen also looked extremely drab. I agree with the previous reviewer that this Hotel is certainly not to be recommended. I am amazed that this is rated as a 4* facility. There are much better Hotels in the area at about the same cost which are significantly more comfortable and welcoming.	
Apr 15 2004	Convenient but Lacking Big Time	I stayed at this hotel for five nights the week before Easter, booked by a travel agent. After reading the reviews here I thought it would be a great hotel. Although a convenient location, great shops, and the tube so close, the hotel lacked quite a bit. I've stayed in other London hotels, and yes there are the horror stories, but some of these reviews pump this hotel up more than it deserves and can misdirect someone. There were two of us and a teenager in a room that overlooked the side roof area with a dismal view of London and the hotel pipes and no where to put luggage became very frustrating. The small loft area was really a nusiance. Although clean, (even though the maid cleaned in her barefeet) it was tiring to leave notes to keep the screenless windows locked and shut and not wide open. Even that didn't help, and every day we would return to wonder if our belongings were gone. I finally put a travel lock on it so she would stop opening them. Doors paper thin and two nights running a group had their doors open into the hallway directly across from us, smoking and carrying on till 4AM, &amp; knocking on our door. Don't bother calling the front desk, seems they think you are the bother. And if you need an electrical outlet to charge anything, well, expect one usuable outlet which you have to crawl under the desk to get to after unplugging the fading black and white TV . The daily breakfast gets old after the first day, no changes, and not much choice. (Great pastry shop around the corner, and plenty of restarants in the mall across the street.) Elevator broke two times we were there, and yes, it was when we needn't it to carry the luggage up the stairs. Some staff were helpful, however, don't ask for an iron, because you have to pick it up at the desk, and the cord is so frayed that using it looked hazardous. I thought I caused a meltdown when I asked for a battery for the one wall clock in the room that I guess hadn't been running for awhile. I also had to bring that down and put it back up myself. They have no means ( or they tell you that) to hold luggage, and if you arrive when a tour group does, there is no room in their small lobby to even stand. The hotel is inexpensive by London standards, however, they will up the rate on weekends on you even if you have a package deal with a travel agent. We checked out a day early, drove to Bradford on Avon, and stayed at a bed and breakfast that was beautiful. Cheaper, cleaner, safer, and the staff much better. Sometimes spending the few extra dollars to upgrade to a safer and fresher hotel is worth it when you are exhausted and traveling with a teenager. If in a pinch, this hotel is worth the convience, however, any more than two days and it becomes downright depressing.	
Mar 31 2004	No complaint but no recommendation either...	I've stayed at this hotel just for a night. It was very, very convenient location with lots of restaurants and shops around. And I didn't feel uncomfortable walking by myself in the night.Breakfast was OK but can be improved as some cold meat and cheese I had were poor quality. Room was very tiny - specially the wash-basin was so tiny that I had to use the shower to wash my face! - but at least it was clean.	
Feb 29 2004	Have Been Back Again And Again	I travel to London approximately twice a year. Have been doing that now for five years. With the Phoenix, I finally found MY hotel. It is the right combination of location, price, ambiance and facilities.Usually travel solo, and have to admit that the singles are very small. They are clean and comfortable, though, and I have no complain about the bathrooms and showers. The included breakfast is more than satisfactory.It is the location that is awesome. It is one block form Queensway, in the Bayswater area. It is on a usually quite residential square (weekends late at night can be a bit loud, but this is true just about anywhere) One block away is Whitley's Shopping Center, which is similar to any American mall except it is in an old factory. There is a Marks and Spencer store that is 90% grocery. There is another supermarket around the corner. Queensway has many restaurants, small shops, newstands, fast food, etc. Other restaurants, pubs and such are on a nearby cross street. The Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are about two and four blocks away. Hyde Park is four blocks away. All in all, tremendous.One last comment. Nearby, on Queensway, is the Four Seasons Chinese Restaurant. The best Roast Duck I have ever had, and I'm from the New York area!	
Jan 13 2004	Conveniently located		
Jan 9 2004	Agreed perfect!		
Jan 5 2004	Ideal location		
Dec 1 2003	great starting point for doing London		
Nov 10 2003	Great Location!		
Oct 24 2003	Great Place!!!		
Oct 22 2003	High on quality low price Best Western Phoenix Hotel in London		
Sep 20 2003	Lovely staff and clean room		
Jul 2 2003	Nice place!		
Jul 2 2003	Soggiorno soddisfacente		
Nov 25 2009 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Nov 16 2009 	Calidad- precio muy buena		
Nov 10 2009 	Agréable et confortable		
Nov 5 2009 	Molto consigliato		
Aug 31 2009 	consigliato		
Aug 16 2009 	Consigliato alle famiglie		
Jul 25 2009 	Kann man weiterempfehlen		
Jul 15 2009 	Idéalement situé - Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Jun 1 2009 	Best Western Phoenix Hotel Londra		
Apr 4 2009 	un sans faute pour cet hotel pour buget moyen		
Mar 28 2009 	Absolut empfehlenswert - super gut gelegen!!!		
Dec 31 2008 	Klein Süß Sauber Lecker Günstig		
Dec 12 2008 	Perfecta ubicación calidad razonable		
Dec 10 2008 	A conseiller!!!!		
Nov 17 2008 	für London annehmbar		
Jun 23 2008 	Sehr empfehlenswert		
Jun 14 2008 	giudizio positivo		
Apr 9 2008	Bien mais...		
Mar 25 2008 	presque parfait		
Mar 8 2008 	Eccellente		
Feb 23 2008 	Hotel ideal		
Jan 15 2008 	Natale a Londra		
Dec 7 2007	Hotel perfecto para conocer londres		
Oct 21 2007 	sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt		
Sep 4 2007 	Una buena opcion		
Sep 3 2007 	Ottima sistemazione per Londra.		
Aug 26 2007	sympathique séjour		
Aug 19 2007 	Ottima posizione pulito colazione buonissima: un miracolo a Londra centro!		
Aug 17 2007 	Ubicación execlente-estancia agradable		
Mar 9 2007	Buena zona		
Feb 19 2007 	Très correct		
Oct 21 2006	très correct		
Jun 2 2006 	hotel ottimo		
