	Wonderful Find!	We needed to stay somewhere on the Jubilee Line to watch the Tennis at the O2. This hotel is just round the corner from London Bridge Mainline and Tube, and across the road from Borough Market....but quiet! We had a reasonably sized room...not massive, but well appointed and had everything we needed. The staff were great. Will stay there again, as there are trains from Gatwick to London Bridge.	
	Simply the Best	The Location of the hotel, the décor and the quality of food are highly commended, however what truly made our stay special was the service given to us by the Hotel’s wonderful staff. The staff were unobtrusive yet at the same time managed to always be available to cater for our every need in a friendly and most helpful way. The staff of the London Bridge Hotel are a credit to the management and owners of the Hotel and my family and I are very grateful for the time and effort they gave in looking after us during our stay. This special service played a large part in making our stay in London so memorable. Once again many thanks.	
	Very Friendly and helpful staff at this hotel	Excellent location just 4 stops on the tube from the O2. Smallish but very well furnished rooms with good storage and flat screen tv. Very friendly and helpful staff in every dept. Reception provided warm welcome.Breakfast buffet good with plenty of choice. Best London experience in a long time.	
	Clean comfortable and very affordable	We booked three rooms for four nights in August at the London Bridge hotel. The two twinbedded rooms and one double room we had were very clean and comfortable. We got an excellent deal for six people for four nights on hotelsclick.com.The hotel is situated on the Southbank close to Southwark Cathedral and lots of nice restaurants and bars. Be sure to visit Borough market one morning. There's lots of fresh and gorgeous produce. Restaurant Vinopolis is definitely worth a visit and for a real treat go to the Oxo Tower restaurant. The view of the city is amazing. The underground is just around the corner from the hotel, but on a nice day it's pleasant to walk along the Thames and to the other side of the river. Founders arms pub along the river is a nice place to stop for a drink.All in all, if you want to see a different side of London (instead of just W1) the London Bridge hotel is absolutely worth staying at!	
Nov 19 2009 	Once again a winner!	This was our second (10 days) stay in two years at LBH. Chosen because we were truly satisfied the first time, and LBH has a super location - if you want similar quality closer to central London, you would have to pay much more. Small rooms but still with plenty of space for our excessive shopping, small bathrooms but with a tub, and nice toiletries from The White Company (great quality - didn't have to bring own shampoo). Very clean rooms, complimentary bottled water and various magazines. Free daily papers in reception.Great breakfast with plenty to choose from (though, coming from Denmark, we would wish they served fresh bread instead of warmed frozen, and more different fresh cheeses), warm selection very tasty - sausages in particular is excellent!All staff very friendly, especially reception/concierge was very helpful. Breakfast staff seemed a bit un-experienced, but overall, just minor flaws.Great location for the South Bank, and easy access to all parts of London and Kent by train, tube or bus.Some noise from renovating the area for the Olympics 2012 ( www.shardlondonbridge.com ) but as we're used to living in a city, no problem.Many choices for eating in the area - 3 restaurants at the hotel alone, and many more across the street in and behind Borough Market. Or go to the station for sandwiches, cake and magazines.Will definitely be back!	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Value	We stayed her on the 13th November. The Hotel its staff and services were of a much higher standard than we expected. The room was modern and clean and far better than other Hotels of the supposedly same standard that we have stayed at in London on our many other visits. The Buffet Breakfast, covered both Full English and Continental tastes and the service provided by the waiting staff left nothing to be desired. We will be staying at this Hotel on our next visit, that is providing there are vacancies.	
Nov 19 2009 	Everything about this hotel was excellent.	This is the first time I have stayed at the London Bridge Hotel but it certainly won't be my last!!All the staff were very friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Lots of information on attractions was available and the tube station just around the corner.The rooms were lovely and although a little on the small side were very adequate. The breakfast was lovely and the Georgetown Restaurant was absolutely excellent, I have'nt tasted food as good, of this origin - styled on the Malaysian side. If this does not appeal there is a Traditional restaurant and also a pub/bar which serves bar meals so every taste is catered for.We were celebrating our 40th Wedding Anniversary and our room was upgraded courtesy of the hotel.The hotel is rated as a four star and it certainly lives up to that but don't expect to pay 3 star prices. On saying that, the pricing was acceptable for a hotel of this standard.I would recommend this hotel to anyone - overall excellence.	
Nov 15 2009 	Enjoyed my stay.	I have recently returned from a 3 night stay at the London Bridge Hotel,and the experience was a good one.Check in was smooth, with the rooms clean and tidy.Breakfast was good ,plenty of choice with good attentive service ,and a morning newspaper.Didnt try any of the hotels evening dining options so cant comment on those.Over all i would stay here again no problem.	
Nov 13 2009 	Superb hotel!	Had a great stay here! Hotel was 1 minute walk from London Bridge Station, and very easy to find!Bathroom was good, also plenty of hot water in the shower. Minibar was good, and the flat screen TV in the room was the best hotel-TV I've ever had, with good signals and lot of TV channels.The price is very good for a 4-star hotel! I really recommend this place! The best hotel I've stayed in so far in London.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great location terrifice staff	Our stay at the London Bridge Hotel was excellent. It is a very good value (for London) and although its on the &quot;other side river&quot; its proximity to the tube and train station more than makes up for it. The staff were excellent and the Conceirge went out of their way to help us.The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. Only an average breakfast. Tiring after 5 daya.	
Nov 7 2009 	great value in good location	We have stayed here twice when we have needed to stay in South London. ( the London bridge to Gatwick train is cheaper and almost as easy as the Gatwick express) The hotel has everything you need for a short stay- safe, ironing board etc and at just over £100 per night is very reasonable for London. Cooked breakfast was included in our rate and was hot and fresh. The staff are all very helpful and friendly. If on business or on a longer stay the rooms are a little small but everything is clean and comfortable. There is major building work going on nearby and might be a problem if you like to sleep late but I woulld definitely stay again	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent hotel all round	Stayed at the London Bridge hotel for 2 nights during half term recently with my wife and two young children. Could not fault the service, rooms or location. All the staff were friendly and helpful, particularly the concierge who advised on the best way to get to all the attractions. Breakfast was expensive on the face of it at £14.95 per head but we were given vouchers to discount it to £9.95 and the children were free. Excellent selection of hot and cold food.Not the quietest of locations but not a problem at night due to good secondary glazing on windows. Rear of hotel is quieter than front. Double deluxe room was very spacious for 4 of us and our bed was very comfortable.Very good location for sightseeing, 2 mins from London Bridge underground and overground stations. We used the RV1 bus most of the time as it runs along SouthBank to Waterloo and Covent Garden.Would recommend and we will definitely stay again. First class hotel.	
Oct 30 2009 	Good location for the O2	We found this hotel to be just what we wanted, close to the train station and only four stops from the O2 .The romms were clean and comfortable and breakfast was to a good standard.	
Oct 30 2009 	Spot on!!	We did a LOT of research before booking our trip to London and finally decided on the London Bridge Hotel. It was quite expensive but WELL worth it!!! The room (executive king) was fab! Nice size, very clean. The bed was VERY VERY comfy. We had a 3 course dinner there which was delicious - fruit platter desert was amazing!! Breakfast was good- a good choice. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Location was great- only a few minutes in a taxi from Waterloo. I would DEFINITELY stay there again- and fully intend to!!	
Oct 27 2009 	It was adequate not much more	I group of 6 middle aged women friends just returned from a four-night stay at the London Bridge Hotel which we chose based on a recent travel magazine article on European hotels that recommended it as a good choice for London Although our stay was not unpleasant, I would not recommend it for foreign tourists for the following reasons:the rooms and bathrooms were small (even for London standards ,each of our 3 rooms had twin beds), with no space to move around, the very small bathroom had not window or fan making it hot and stuffy, the lobby was too small with inadequate seating with a small bar with sporatic service, we like to have a nightcap in the lobby before retiring and this lobby was not comfortable for this purpose. The hotel is located on a unsightly and seedy street across from London Bridge train station with too much traffic and noise from all-night station activity. They did have a good front desk staff that my friends used and they found them knowledgable and friendly. In summary, this hotel is for business travelers (the rooms are adequate for one, not two persons), wanting quick access to the train station, otherwise tourists should stay somewhere else.	
Oct 26 2009 	Good location good hotel.	Booked London Bridge Hotel for a one-night stay. Bedroom was clean and well equipped with flat screen tv, walk in wardrobe etc. I found the staff very helpful in advance and on the visit. The restaurant was very tight for a hotel of this standard, and trips to the buffet were challenging spatially. Food made the effort worth the while.Recommended.	
Oct 22 2009	In a perfect world all hotels would be like this	We went for a club night at SEOne nightclub which is a very short walk away. I'd messed up the bookings and they weren't expecting us that day, a few clicks later we were checked into the class of room we wanted (one up from basic). Car parking nearby is reasonably priced. There are lots of takeaways, restaurants, bars and convenience stores just round the corner with buses, taxis and trains only two minutes walk away. The price is on the value side of fair for the location and standard and the rooms are very good: scrupulously clean, in good decorative order and quite well appointed - if only all 4*s were as good.But most of all the staff were helpful above and beyond the call of duty. It's independently owned and it clearly makes a difference. I stayed in a &quot;branded&quot; hotel of similar standard and price in London a few months earlier and it was impersonal to the point of unfriendly - this hotel really showed up how poor the other one was. Makes me want to find an excuse to visit London again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Best Christmas I ever had was at this Hotel!	If you will be traveling to London during Christmas, and you need:*a reasonably priced hotel that allows you to smoke in your room-*a central location for tube and train-*several choices for eating and drinking-*beds that double as comfy seating for guests-*and a staff that accommodates surprises-you simply cannot do better than the London Bridge Hotel.These people bent over backwards to accommodate our eccentric family of college-age artists and their friends, and gave us a wonderfully memorable Christmas.Don't expect a corporate type of decor or environment here, with anonymous servers. The London Bridge Hotel is quite professional; but it's more like a family run hotel, with real people.They take a lot of pride in their work, and they deserve your compliments and courtesy.The first night of my arrival I woke at 2:30 am, needing food for pain meds. The hotel guide said room service was available. The kitchen closes, however, around 11pm; so it was the concierge himself who made and brought me a sandwich!A silly little tree was crammed into my backpack, and my daughter contributed local lights. We decorated with ornaments of course, but the maids and room service leave you so many little treats, we covered the tree in biscuits and chocolates as well!While I'd packed some personal travel toiletries, frankly, the hotels amenities were superior. I used those.They advertise pillows and duvets of your choice. I had no idea how important that was.I slept like a rock there, because I could choose pillow plumpness, and duvet weight!Not bringing a laptop, I used the hotels computer, at the Londinium retaurant level-perfect!I had a &quot;smokers&quot; room that faced the street; it didn't get too smoky, because you can crack the window for fresh air. The decor in subtle browns and neutrals (with contemporary pops of color) was perfect for people traipsing in and out, to and from events. The bed decor is set up beautifully to double as sitting space. Since the tube stops running on Christmas Eve, I had an unexpected guest, which the hotel was happy to accommodate.One of our party got stuck at the hotel for an hour, temporarily penniless, until we returned from some errands. The staff thoughtfully provided him with drinks, by a warm fire in the lobby.When arranging Christmas Eve dinner at the Londinium, I asked if they could supply &quot;holiday crackers&quot;. They said &quot;No&quot;, and I didn't have time to get to a large grocery store before the event. However, up the street on the bridge, a group of hawkers were demonstrating glow-in-the-dark toys. (which of course became gifts that night!)The dinner was elegant, gourmet perfection, and lo-and-behold; Christmas Crackers at each place setting--in spite of the elegant setting! Across the street, Southwark Cathedral held a gorgeous Christmas Eve Midnight mass. Plan to attend if you are there; unforgettable golden glows of candles, flowers, music and goodwill.Christmas day was unexpectedly busy at the hotel. (The staff expected it-I didnt ;^) The dining room was packed, but they managed to accommodate all my family and friends, and give us a good hearty breakfast. When I waddled outside to see the day, the Cathedral Bells were bursting with peals of Christmas. Honestly, I felt like I was transported into Dickens, CS Lewis, and every good Christmas story you've ever read. I felt it just couldn't get any better.But it did.Imagine my utter surprise and delight when I got back to the room; and there sat 2 giant trays of piping hot teas, coffees, scones, jam, clotted cream and strawberries!! My sister had phoned the hotel, and arranged for our motley crew to receive a surprise Christmas Cream Tea. Unbelievable!I would go there again in a heartbeat. The London Bridge Hotel is both cozy and professional, and offers both thoughtfully organized and homey hospitality. Truly a home away from home in the big city; it surpassed my expectations.	
Oct 12 2009 	Seriously Good!	I managed to get this room at late notice, which is rare judging by the reviews on this website. It did not disappoint. Rooms were a decent size, very clean, very modern. Had everything we could want and more. The staff were absolutely wonderful, very helpful, very friendly. The location is superb - a short romantic walk along the thames to any number of london attractions, or 1 min from the underground station/bus stop for further afield. Or just stand on London Bridge for a breathtaking view in all directions! If you want a bit of luxury at affordable price, look no further.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location very good hotel	Stayed for one night. Situated next to London Bridge station so very convenient for transport around town. Also 100m from Borough Market-food heaven. Hotel very clean and staff very helpful and friendly. Autumn package also included fruit, chocolates and wine brought to the room. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nothing wrong but not as wonderful as other reviews make it sound	We spent one night at the London Bridge Hotel in September 2009 and a nice stay, but after reading the other reviews on here, I just expected something more. The room was paid for as a gift, so I don't know how much the hotel charges but maybe this would have influenced me slightly. If it is on the cheap side, then it is pretty good. The check in was painless and fairly efficient, albeit not especially friendly. I had to ask how to get to the rooms from the reception desk. The lifts are only just behind the entrance area, but it's not immediately obvious when you first walk in. The lifts are SLOW - I only used them a few times, and found it easier just to use the stairs as whenever you did try to call a lift, you were usually left with a fairly long wait. You end up actually wondering if either of the lifts are working! Didn't help as well that on one occasion we called a lift to go up, but when we got in the lift, it went down one floor to pick up a member of staff first, and then dropped him off at ground floor. The room was on the small side, but fairly clean and comfortable. I noticed some stray hairs on the bathmat, and the bathroom wasn't quite as spotless as I would like. Convenience is excellent for the City - right outside London Bridge station and just a short walk over London Bridge into the City of London. Not so convenient for the West End, but easily accessible by tube or bus. Breakfast was good, but can get busy very easily and I felt the plates were at the wrong end of the buffet table. On check out there was only one member of staff on duty who was on the phone, so after a minute or so we just left as we had nothing further to pay.Couldn't decide whether to rate the hotel 3 or 4, so plumped for 4. Nothing really wrong with it, but minor niggles left me feeling they could try a bit harder. Could be ideal for people wanting to be near the City, or people flying in and out of Gatwick because of the train links from London Bridge.	
Oct 7 2009 	Excellent friendly hotel	We were all very impressed with this hotel. The staff were all friendly but not effusive, the rooms were fresh and modern. The breakfast was wonderful and when we stay again we will dine there too as the evening menu looked good.A really pleasant stay, we wiil definately be backTony and Paula Joyce	
Oct 1 2009 	A well run hotel in a convenient location with dedicated staff.	From checking in to checking out we were really impressed by this hotel, the staff and the service provided. After many years of London business and leisure stays this is the first time that we have been moved to write a hotel review and to award a well deserved 'excellent' rating.Our fist visit was booked by our son to celebrate our Ruby wedding anniversary. The staff picked up on this and we were given an room upgrade with fruit and chocolates. The reception staff were welcoming, courteous and informative and we were treated to a complimentary drink while our room was being prepared following a late checkout by a previous guest. The room and guest areas were well presented, clean, comfortable and modern. The staff are obviously proud of their hotel and gave the impression that they were genuinely pleased to see you and were anxious to make your stay a pleasant one. We used the Londinium restaurant for an excellent evening meal and enjoyed one of the best hotel buffet breakfasts ever.The location of the hotel is ideal for both business and pleasure with the city and major attractions easily accesssable on foot or by conveniently situated public transport links.It was the extra touches provide by this hotel and its staff that made this visit memorable and we would certainly use this hotel again and recommend it to friends and family.	
Sep 29 2009 	terrific	hotel was wonderful, rooms extremely clean and comfortable. the staff very helpful at all times and the breakfast was one of the best i'd ever had. i will definitely use this hotel next time i visit london.	
Sep 29 2009	London Bridge is definately NOT falling down!	Celebrating a Ruby Wedding Anniversary is always special and our recent weekend stay at this realy 'special' made it even more so.From the outside the facade is not exactly inspiring with no huge atrium or acres of glass BUT once inside the modern boutique 'style' reception area is welcoming,smart and very,very polished,gleaming, in fact. The Reception staff and Concierge were very smart , extremely helpful and you felt they were really proud of their Hotel.The lifts,though small, were speedy and the corridors clean and quiet. Our room,on the 3rd floor,front did not have a large window but we were able to see most of London Bridge and some of the 'Gherkin'building.The rooms are modern,tastefully furnished and comfortable and most importantly extremely CLEAN.....the bathroom was modern and marbled and the towels the fluffiest and whitest we've ever had.The choice of lighting was superb,I could play on my DS using the small flexible LED whilst my husband read his motoring magazine under a modern anglepoise one.TV was flatscreened and placed perfectly.The welcome'trays' had perfect white china and all the necessities.Bed was king size and bedding beautiful,clean,crisp and WHITE ! the pillows were mainly feather, fine for some but not for me with asthma,rang for housekeeping and new lovely anti-allergenic pillows arrived within 10 mins!. Rooms had controllable air-con or heating and double glazing which slid so you could open the window,which was great as the weather was fantastic.Lucky us. Breakfast was absolutely fantastic,nothing too much trouble for the lovely staff.Seperate tables,good cutlery and china and good choice of a proper 'breakfast' service of tea/coffee and toast (unlimited) was great this did not vary on either morning.We would have liked to have stayed forever.........we will definately stay at the London Bridge Hotel again and again and again.........and so should YOU !!!!!!!!Sincerely Hilary &amp; Mike Randall,North Wales.	
Sep 28 2009 	Not Impressed - below Average	Booked this hotel due to mainly good reviews on here. The reception staff were business like on arrival but didn't give any info about free internet access, breakfast location or location of lifts. Room was ready for early check in which was a plus point. It was like doing the hurdles to get up the corridor past all the used towels and cleaning stuff in the corridor. The room was a further disappointment - just so small. Small window and the wadrobe was something else - like an old broom cupboard full of dirt and dust. The safe wasn't very &quot;safe&quot; as the whole thing could be lifted and taken away! The bathroom was ok - but disappointed that only had shower no bath. Wasn't made aware of this on booking. The wifi in hotel is free - but you can see why when you try to use it. The connection was poor - off and on every couple minutes. Annoying site to log onto with a timer to make sure you didn't go over 24 hours in total. The site didn't work properly so you couldn't always log out to stop the count. Other reviews have commented about room service plates and stuff getting left sitting in corriders for ages. I experienced this too during my stay - 2 wine glasses were left sitting for no reason by the cleaners from Sunday morning and still there when I left Monday lunchtime. Breakfast choice was poor as far as cold stuff goes - limited choice of breads and cold meats/cheeses. Hot breakfast was better but seemed to be a problem with undercooking of sausages! Some waiters/waitresses there seemed to have attitude problem - it took for ever to get coffee/tea and ordering toast was like a real episode. You were asked had you ordered it before and if it still didn't come out don't ask for it again or you be told in no uncertain terms &quot;its coming&quot; - maybe for the next morning! The last day of my stay had a nice water feature during breakfast - with streams of water being collected in pots from the airconditioning unit. The tables in this wet area were still getting set up for lunch! Wasn't a scene I was expecting to see in a 4star hotel! Housekeeping was slow to come to do rooms at weekend - was annoying as if you wanted to come back to room at 3-4 room still not cleaned so you had to go out again to let cleaners in. I would not stay here again as it was too noisy with construction work, airconditioning was not working - could not get any cool air at all. Overall disappointing stay. Better options in more central locations available. The street hotel is on is bit dreary and hotel looks part on surface but is lacking in many aspects.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great location great staff great breakfast -couldn't ask for more!	The desk staff were especially helpful to us, when we arrived to discover that our travel agency had gone bankrupt and our booking had been cancelled. We were given a room at a very reasonable rate, and the staff went out of their way to be extra kind to us. They even made us coffee when we were waiting for our ride to Heathrow at 5:30 a.m. The rooms were small, but immaculate, with everything you might need. We were close to the Tube and the sites of the South Bank.You should stay there - you won't be disappointed!Elizabeth Thompson	
Sep 17 2009 	Clean modern hotel in great location.	We stayed for four nights at the hotel. The rooms are clean and modern, with new (small) bathroom and amenities like flat screen TV, in-room safe, reading lights, etc. The standard room is small, just enough room to walk around the bed and that's about it. The service was very good, easy check in and check out, excellent help from the concierge on getting around and back to the airport. I reported a burnt out bulb and had someone at the door to fix it in 5 minutes.We enjoyed the buffet breakfast as it saved on time and money. Not an extravagant buffet, but good hot food (i.e. eggs, sausage, ham, cereals, fruit, beans, pastries, fruit juices and drinks).My only complaint is that part of the hotel is over a bar/club next door. We were on the first floor (second floor in US terms) and were right above the bar. The bass-heavy dance music thumped until after midnight on Friday (though not at all on Saturday). Our travel partners were on the third floor and were fine, so perhaps avoid the first floor on weekends.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Firstly let me say that i am extremelly fussy where I stay. I am an ex-travel agent and therefore research my hotel thoughly! I found this hotel via the Trip Advisor site and thought the reviews were balanced and so i decided to take a chance on this hotel. I booked via HotelDoorman on the internet and i paid £90 per night inc breakfast. When we arrived at the hotel the check-in was swift and the receptionist very pleasant. Unfortunately our room was over the bar and was extremely noise late that night. We were in room 121 so beware if you get this room on a weekday night. We asked to be moved to a different room the following morning which they did with no argument or hassle. They even offered to help pack our bags and move them to the new room! We were moved to room 323 which was much quieter. We later found out that the bar is closed on Sat and Sun nights so again beware if you want to have a nightcap in the bar on a weekend. The breakfast is served in the Londinium resturant which is quite small and the tables are close together but the food choice was excellent. The food was good quality and the hot food was topped up regularly so the food didn't get cold. There was a good selection of cereals, fruit, cheeses, meats etc and also the full supply of English Breakfast foods as well. The location of this hotel is great. It is really handy to get to the tube as it is only a 2 minute walk to the station and you can pick up either the Northern line or the Jubilee line at the London Bridge underground station. If you are a tourist in London and don't visit regularly then i would recommend getting a Visitors Oyster card to use on the underground and buses. It is pay as you go card and you just top it up at any ticket machine if you are running low. It automatically deducts the fare from your start startion to your end station and it shows you how much you have got left as you go through the barrier as you exit the underground. You don't have to worry about buying a ticket for each section of yur journey. It takes all the stress out of travelling on the tube. You can find details of it on the Transport for London website. Hope this information helps and i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone including my friends.	
Sep 10 2009 	comfortable	stayed 6 nights while in london and while room was a bit small had a comfortable stay.service was very good and buffet brekfast was plentifull with good variety.location was just 100 metres from london bridge underground and with an all day pass could get to all the sights easily.free internet connection in room and the only downside was there was a motor running all day outside our window that was very loud and annoying from 6am till 11pm,as most days were sightseeing was not much of a problem until the last day we were resting and mentioned to staff they were happy to change our room.would stay again if in london.	
Sep 9 2009 	WOW! Outstanding hotel that really impressed	From finding this hotel on TripAdvisor, to the end of our stay we have had a brilliant experience with this hotel. Excellent customer service, amazing luxury spotless room and a tasty breakfast. What more could you ask for, at such a good price??	
Sep 2 2009 	Very impressed	quiet, comfortable, nicely decorated and clean room. Attentive and freindly staff, prompt room service.	
Sep 1 2009 	Very Poor! - Go somewhere else!	The hotel was very disappointing on all fronts. The breakfast was very limited and awful, rock hard fried eggs, garlicly button mushrooms, crusty baked beans etc. Our room was average but the hairdryer didnt work and the one they sent up to replace it hadnt been pat tested for over a year. limited minibar etcThe in room movie choice was very limited and had nothing for children. Room service stopped at 11 and at 10pm they were unable to make any form of cocktail. The room next door to us had had room service, which included strawberries, 2 days later the very mouldy strawberries were still waiting to be collected - the place was awful. We will never go back - not even if it was FREE!	
Aug 31 2009 	A very nice hotel	1. Close to the underground &amp; bus station2. Close to Borough Market &amp; Southwark Church3. Good service4. Delicious breakfast5. Clean &amp; tidy6. Comfortable mattresses	
Aug 31 2009 	Great place to stay	We spent 2 nights here over a weekend. The hotel is smart, stylish &amp; clean, with staff who take good service seriously. The breakfast was a little limited, but of excellent quality &amp; cooked well. Decent coffee too! Dinner was also good. The rooms are small, but it is an old converted building. Good, we would stay again quite happily.	
Aug 27 2009 	Fabulous	My friends and I stayed here for a &quot;girlie&quot; weekend in London. We absolutely loved the hotel. The staff were fabulous very friendly and helpful. The rooms were small but well furnished, clean and had everything we needed for a nights stay. Very close to the underground and bus station, but still very quiet. Good eating nearby along the Thames and very close walk to the Tate Modern (well we couldn't shop the whole time). We did get a good deal which included breakfast, and breakfast is quite substantial. I loved this hotel and after a few hotels I have stayed at in London for equivalent price (if not more) it was brilliant value for money (London hotels can be expensive for what you get). And finally you can not fault the staff - there customer service is wonderful. We all plan on returning.	
Aug 25 2009 	Would I return..... probably not. It was OK but nothing special	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 3 nights in August 2009. It was booked on the reviews from here and unfortunately, we were disappointed with the hotel. Our initial impressions were good - service at the reception desk was pleasant and although we were early our room was ready. I had booked a Deluxe Room and it was a lovely large room. Unfortunately the room has no view but I wasn't expecting a view so couldn't be disappointed! A lovely initial touch was a plate of fruit was delivered to our room along with some chocolates and we then received a lovely handwritten card from the Manager.Unfotunately though the initial good impressions didn't last and there are a few things that I think the hotel could improve on:- Breakfast is served in the Londinium resturant which is on the lower ground floor. You can't have a leisurely breakfast here as the tables are very close together and the room was also very hot!- Night room service. We returned from the theatre late on Saturday night and knew that after 11.00pm you could order from the Day or Night menu which included some nice sounding sandwiches and lasange. It took time for the phone to be answered and the response was signifcantly underwhealming with few of the advertised sandwiches being available. No apology/explanation just that this menu isn't available after 11pm eventhough they advertise that it is! The problem here is that the hotel isn't in an area that you can get food at that time of night.Overall, we probably won't stay here again. For us the hotel is in the wrong area - we normally stay closer to the westend and we will look to return to that area next year.	
Aug 24 2009 	A good find	Stayed here for one night to attend a function being held on the Southbank.The Hotel is within walking distance of London Bridge Station (2 minutes away) and close to tube and bus routes. Got a good deal and breakfast was included. The room was comfortable with good lighting - don't expect a great view over London (we looked over the back of other buildings) but other rooms may have better views. The room was surprisingly quiet given the close proximity to the station. I would stay again and it is an excellent base for visiting London's tourist attractions.	
Aug 24 2009 	A very pleasant surprise	What a nice surprise this hotel was. Away from the bustling chaotic and hectic city centre, where you usually get shabby rooms for the price of Four seasons suites, yet conveniently located at a 10 minutes walk from London city, this hotel exceeded my expectations.First its location: Right opposite London bridge railway and tube station, you just need to cross the road to access the lobby. Very lively area during the day yet quite at night and pretty safe as well. Along the road you will also find a couple of wonderful bars and pubs for happy hour. Just on the other side of the station, the fully renovated dock area hosts a real size ship, a paved promenade along the Thames, lots of of barsd and inns, and you can reach Tate modern and London eye in really 10 and 15 minutes on foot.Pricing: price quality ratio is just as it should be. We opted for a bed &amp; breakfast package, and we did really get a nice room being charged the average price for a two/three stars accomodation in central london (and this is still central being London zone 1).Breakfast is good and has anything that a 5 star hotel has to offer. Internet connection is free during all your stay, you just need to ask the staff for log-in and password. Rooms are small but clean with a modern decor. The only flaw was the very small closet and the absence of a chest of drawers to store your things (the one you can see on the pictures is in fact a fridge!).You can also access Fitness First Club during your stay as it is integrated in the hotel with a direct access (included in the price of your stay).I absolutely would recommend it to business travellers and solo travellers too.	
Aug 20 2009 	A very good London hotel for the price	London is expensive but this hotel is good value. Rooms are on the small side generally speaking - but for the UK they are pretty roomy!! Really nicely decorated and very clean and quiet. Windows opened which is a huge plus for me. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel is literally a minute from major tube station and bus hub so though it may look out of the way it is really only minutes from anywhere. Don't eat at their Malaysian restaurant - looks nice but food was very average.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fantastic Hotel..............!	This was my third stay at the London Bridge and it gets better every time!! Service great, rooms clean and spacious &amp; breakfast was lovely. Location is brilliant, 1 minutes walk from London Bridge station, 10 minutes walk over London Bridge to the financial district, 5 minutes walk to the Borough Market &amp; around a 15 minute walk to Tate Modern Gallery, Shakespears Globle &amp; St Pauls Cathedrel. All you could need for a great weekend. Looking forward to my next stay at London Bridge.	
Aug 19 2009 	A pleasant time	What a hotel for price and quality. The staff were really helpful,and the room was clean , spacaious,the bathroom great and the location is brilliant. We are going back for days away with our friends,and having weekend breaks there. The price at the time of me writing this was good, I just hope they don't get greedy and raise prices!!It is centrally placed with loads to do with easy underground access and lots of attractions.	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in this hotel for a couple of nights in August and had a wonderful time. ALL of the staff were extremly helpful, the room very clean and fitted out and the breakfasts excellent.	
Aug 18 2009 	Brilliantunexpectedhotel right next to the tube!	We stayed for 3 nights in early August, and would certainly stay again. The rooms were bright clean and airy,if a little small, but the location is terrific within easy walking distance to Tower Bridge and the Tower of London. Access to the rest of London was easy with the tube virtually next door. The staff were welcoming and friendly, and the breakfast (included in our package) was good,but not exceptional.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Hotel...for the most part	The London Bridge Hotel was great, except for the fact that it was a long treck to the hotel room. We had to go up two flights of stairs through 2 double doors up two more flights of stairs and through two more double doors to get my room. Other than that, our stay was great. The room was clean and quiet. Many attractions nearby. The concierge, Alpay, was great! The room also had an alarm clock in which we could charge our ipods and iphone.	
Aug 16 2009 	Fantastic - dont stay anywhere else!	We always stay here when visiting London. Its fantastic value for money at weekends and if anything they've improved it even more since our last visit. Now you dont have to pay extra to &quot;upgrade&quot; to their cooked breakfast option which is absolutely fantastic - worth staying just to have that , as much as you like of nearlyeverything you could think of , with everything being top quality!Asked for and got a room with view of the London Eye , in -laws could see the top of the Gherkin from their room - ask for rooms on 4th floor for the best views.Can't wait for next visit............	
Aug 12 2009 	Super location close to attractions and transport	This hotel is superbly located in all aspects. There are a number of tourist attractions within walking distance, London Bridge station is 100 metres, Borough Market across the road and bars/restaurants in abundance. There is no parking here, NCP or Novotel are closest, both about a 5 min walk so drop your bags off first.The lobby/bar area is small with a few sofas and bar service. Check in/concierge were efficient and more than happy to help. There is a restaurant where breakfast, lunch and dinner is served.The room was contemporary and clean with a huge bed and TV. There are the usual finds in this class of hotel with tea/coffee facilities, mini bar, air con, iron, trouser press plus nice touches like complimentary water, dressing gowns and slippers. There is free WiFi but you need to get a voucher code from reception which allows for 24 hours of access over 3 days. Alot of the even numbered rooms face out towards all the air conditioning units and kitchen fans outside so is VERY noisy and have an 'industrial' view. I asked to be moved due to to noise and the the chap at reception was more than happy to allocate me a new room on the other side of the hotel, he also helped me move my bags and take me to the new room. The train lines are on this side but was surprisingly quiet. The bathroom was clean albeit compact with clean fluffy towels and nice toiletries minus the hair conditioner.Breakfast is of a good quality and excellent selection to suit all consisting of a buffet affair with everything from full English to fresh fruits, pastries, yogurts, breads, cereals, juices, tea/coffee, also kippers and porridge on request. The hotel provides room service and also has a Fitness First gym which is free for guests.A great hotel with excellent location and lovely helpful staff.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great location and great rooms	proximity to London Bridge station is perfect as is Borough Market and the great upgrade to a suite for free .Well done to all ,the staff are helpful and friendly .Well worth a trip for exploring London	
Aug 8 2009 	best london hotel	stayed here for 2 nights for my partners birthday. Got a special deal via my banks travel service so paid £153 for 2 nights BB. Having previously lived in london i can say that this hotel is situated in anice area, and has great travel connections.London bridge station is across the road and gives you access to the jubilee and northern tube lines easy to get to central london, Monument tube station is 5 minute walk away this connects with a number of tube lines. Northern line wll take you to leicester squarefrom monument station. Room we had was comfortable and looked onto Guys hospital(there is no emergency department at guys so no ambulance sirens going in and out) we had a view of big ben and london eye. Room was quiet. Breakfast was very good,staff excellent to be honest can not fault the hotel.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great hotel great location great price !	We stayed two nights at the LBH for a week end get-away in London.The hotel is perfectly located to discover london - you are in the heart of the city and immediately close to London Bridge Tube and National Rail stations. The surroundings are very lively with plenty of pubs and fancy restaurants.The hotel staff was very friendly and prompt to help.Breakfast at the hotel was good with lots of choice. The breakfast staff was OK, however we had to remind them a couple of times that we ordered coffee and toast ... Nothing too serious, but you should see my wife when she hasn't had her first morning coffee !!Overall a very good hotel at a reasonable price. I would absolutely come back.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great way to enjoy a stay in London	We've been staying at the London Bridge Hotel for our last three visits to London, and the quality and comfort never changes -- always wonderful. A small boutique hotel in a part of London that's less crowded but near the sites. Have a train and underground station near buy is so convenient, and being almost on the Thames Walk, you can get to lots of sites without having to walk the busy streets. Near to Borough Market, the Globe, Tower of London, an easy walk to London Eye and Westminster. Breakfasts are generous and delicious, and staff and concierge are always extremely helpful and welcoming. We won't stay anywhere else when we go to London.	
Aug 4 2009 	Would Not Stay Again Poor room and Service	This hotel is very close to London Bridge Tube station. It is also surrounded by an up and coming neighbourhood, which in some parts is grotty but other parts nice. I found the hotel without any problem. Walking into the hotel, it has a very small lobby and reception desk. I had to wait to check in whilst the clerk had a conversation on the phone and a talk with a waitress who required some change. I stood there for 10 minutes, without any apology. Not impressed. Check in was fast, once I was attended to. Asked the Conceirge 2 questions about closing times of museums. The answer I received was not great, &quot;Well if you were staying tomorrow night they would be open later than today&quot;. Sorry but this was not helpful. The room was a twin. Very small but clean. I could not imgaine 2 people staying in it, with luggage for a long period of time. 1 Bar of soap, 1 shower gel and that was all that was left in the bathroom and the bare minimum of towels. Overall it gave you the impression the hotel was trying to save money. I was asked if I required a paper. I asked for a paper that was never delivered, in the same way the wake up call was never done. Very poor service.The breakfast in the morning was a complete shambles. We stood waiting to be seated for 15 minutes, totally ignored by the manager. Breakfast is served in a below street level room, so notnatural light is let in. The full breakfast was buffet style. Limited cereals, tasteless cheese, bread, watered down juice drink not fresh juices from the taste. The cooked breakfast part was OK. The next problem, we had, we were never asked if we wanted toast or tea/coffee. We waited for many minutes and had to fetch a waitress over to order a drink and toast. We were not asked if we wanted white or brown bread. The table next to us had the exact same problems. In fact 4 of us spent 20 minutes analysing the hotel and doing a check list of what we had found was wrong.Overall the service, size of room, toiletries and breakfast were far from a 4 star hotel standard, let alone one that is rated so highly on this site. I booked it on the strength of past reviews and was very disapointed. The only saving grace was the price £70 per twin room with full breakfast. At this price it was a bargain, akin to a travelodge type hotel. At normal price of £180 upwards I would have insisted on speaking to a manager. I am in London every month and I would not use this hotel again, given my experience. Very poor standards and poor management. There are better 4 star hotels in London.	
Aug 4 2009 	Good choice for London hotel	while it does get a little quiet at weekends as it is in the business area of town, it is well placed for getting around London. Tube a 2 mins walk, DLR the same. Buses right beside the Tower of London in 2 mins, my preferred way of getting around as you get to watch London as you go by and not as hot as the underground. Easy walk over London Bridge to museums, markets, restaurants, etc. Take the walk around St Katherine's dock which is reached by underground tunnel across from the Tower. It has a few nice restaurants and is charming, canals, barges and boats with very trendy apartments. We were given a room in the new wing of the hotel, very modern and nicely decorated. Huge bathroom with large bath and shower, however weren't too happy about a glass wall even if it was frosted. Luckily the room looked out onto a deserted office building. Plenty of towels and nice toiletries. Room equipped with desk, flat screen TV, coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, safe, the usual things. Odd though, they didn't have a bedside clock.We didn't use the restaurant or room service, plenty of cafes for a quick breakfast, pret a manger next door. Reception was always helpful, and arranged a taxi to airport for us for set price.Would use again for business or leisure while in London.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel - luxury everything!!!	We stayed at the london bridge hotel for 2 nights for my birthday and wedding anniversary (with the children!). The hotel is a very good base and close (2 min walk) to the underground. On arrival we were updgraded to a suite which was absolutely fantastic, I don't think we have stayed in a nicer hotel anywhere and certainly not in London. We had a lovely bottle of red wine and a large tray of exotic fruit and 2 boxes of handmade chocolates - all of which were quality. There was a huge TV with a few satellite channels and free wifi which was an added bonus (well used by my teenage daughter). The beds were very comfortable and we had no annoying noise in the evening either from the bar below or neighbours. The breakfast was plentiful and good quality with something for everyone.	
Jul 26 2009 	So pleased we found this gem.	This hotel exceeded all our expectations. We were looking for something close to public transport, away from the city centre but close to the tourist attractions, close to local amenities and clean. We were not let down. The hotel is right by London Bridge station and although close, we barely heard the railway and as we were away from street traffic, we didn't have that problem to contend with, so we were more than happy with the back ground noise. We didn't hear our neighbours either which I am sure you will appreciate is a good thing.The room we had was clean and spacious with plenty of storage. The bathroom was a little small but it was well laid out and clean and this is still a city centre hotel, so the room overall impressed.We thought Antonio on the front desk was one of the most polite and helpful people we had ever met at any hotel and thought that nobody could better his attitude and warmth. Wrong. Everyone was more than helpful and we had no complaints about any of the staff from the desk right through to the breakfast room and Londinium restaurant. We had breakfast two mornings in the hotel and it is a standard buffet style with a decent selection of cereals, continental and English breakfasts. We also had a pre show dinner in the restaurant and the service was spot on and both our meals were well presented and delicious. It was served in a laid back atmosphere and without the feeling of having to rush for the show and yet that is still served in good time allowing you plenty of time to get the train into the west end for the shows.This is not right in the heart of the West end so if that is what you want, then this is not for you. Having said that, you are only a short train ride away from Charring Cross, no more than 7 or 8 minutes and that is if course right in the heart of things. There are plenty of cabs up at the station and of course there is a lovely walk along the south bank, taking in some sights, if you don't mind stretching your legs. Close to the hotel and all within easy walking are HMS Belfast, Tower Bridge, Tower of London, Millennium Bridge, The Golden Hind, The Clink Prison Museum, The absolutely brilliant Borough Market, The London Dungeon and Hays Galleria. Most tour buses drop off on the other side of the station from the hotel which is of course another way to get around town.I would recommend the hotel for position to everything. It is clean and smart. The staff we dealt with was without exception professional and friendly. You are close to a number of local amenities and attractions. Food is good. All in all, we would say stay here and enjoy. We are back for a show later in the year and this is where we will be again without hesitation.	
Jul 25 2009 	Around excellent	What a find! Excellent value, good service, comfort and a fantastic location.Very close to the station so some train noise, but this was more than compensated for by the location.I intend to return to use this hotel on every future trip to London.The American couple in front of me declined a free (honeymoon) upgrade to a suite as they wanted a smoking room!	
Jul 25 2009 	Surprisingly delightful!	The London Bridge Hotel is on the slip road out of London Bridge railway station which is one of the busiest railway stations in London and not scenic (although it is convenient especially if you arrive at Gatwick to go to the City). The outside of the hotel is discreet, even modest, but do not be fooled by this. It is truly a pleasure to stay there. It is quiet, comfortable, well maintained and smart, the staff are charming and helpful. All the details are just right and obviously carefully watched and attended to. The rooms are well equipped, spacious (although I speak on the basis of an upgrade) and even stylish. Even the breakfasts are really good - properly cooked, fresh food. This is a small hotel that you can look forward to staying in even for a business trip simply because it gets right the things that you need to be right without charging for things that you don't care about. With all this it is still not expensive - coming within even the careful travel budgets for my organisation. For me it sets the standard by which I judge business hotels and not many match it.	
Jul 25 2009 	Good choice if frequent travel on tube is not a problem for you	We stayed very comfortably for 5 days in this modern 4 star boutique hotel. Since it is located near to the business district area, it felt more like a business hotel. Therefore, not many tourists which means less people during breakfast. Got a corner room which was quiet and spacious since I had space for 2 big luggages. For those who are light sleepers, would probably find it noisy especially if your room is facing the road. Breakfast is ok but not much variety. The hotel staff from reception, conceige, service to housekeeping, is nice and friendly. We managed to get a late checkout since ours were an evening flight.Location is good since restaurants are near like the Hay's Galleria and about 15 mins walk to Bulters Wharf which is near to the Tower Bridge. At Bulters Wharf, you could find several decent restaurants by the Thames River. Indian cuisine is a must to try while in London. Attractions like Tower of London, St Paul, Tate Mordern and Monument are within walking distance. This hotel is just beside the London Bridge Train station as well as the underground tube. It is very convenient for those coming from Gatwick airport which is about 1min walk from the station to the hotel. However to Heathrow airport, it could be a challenge to have luggages in the tube especially during peak hours. In the end, we took a black cab which costs us 45 pound.Certain tube stations do not have escalators. Hence it can be inconvenient for people with big luggages or after a tiring day. Even though a little more time was spent on changing tubes, I still find it is easy to travel around from London Bridge to other attractions. The day travelcard is not expensive therefore tube was the main transport to get around London. If not, pay more for the city tour bus which is great for catching the main attractions instead of walking. However if you prefer to be very near the main attractions, shopping areas (near oxford st or knightsbridge) and escape the hassle of changing stations so frequently, try finding hotel near the circle/district line. If not, this hotel should fits perfectly. I would definitely come back again if the price is right and the hotel is still well maintained.	
Jul 25 2009 	There are better 4 star hotels in London	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel and although we had booked an executive king room some months prior to our visit, we were given a superior double. The only thing the reception staff could do was offer us a free upgrade at a return visit as the hotel was fully booked. The room was small, the bed had seen better days and it was average.On returning from the theatre, the only bar facilities seemed to be in the hotel reception area and we had to ask reception to get us a drink! We had to make do with a bottled lager as there was no draught..................... come on, this is a 4 star hotel!Breakfast average, staff average, overall very average.	
Jul 23 2009 	Probably the best hotel I've ever stayed in ...	Myself and my husband stayed in this hotel for two nights, Friday 19th &amp; Saturday 20th of June. We received exceptional service and were made to feel very welcome. The staff were all terrific, really friendly! We stayed on a Bed &amp; Breakfast basis and the choice and quality of the food available was excellent. We were both very impressed with the rooms and the hotel as a whole - it is ideally situated for the Tower of London, Tower Bridge &amp; London Bridge, and also the O2 Arena and surrounding area is very easily accessed by tube (we saw the Pet Shop Boys at the O2 Arena on the Friday evening) - I can't recommend this hotel highly enough - have booked it again for another weekend in October!	
Jul 22 2009 	How good is this place??	Value for money in London is always an issue however the London Bridge made our stay in London comfortable and more enjoyable. The rooms are clean and modern with very comfortable beds. The breakfast on offer is highly recommended and proves a great start to the day. transport is easy being close to tube and bus or within walking distance along the Thames to a variety of sights. Local markets are very close and the local pubs are more than comfortable. Great place and excellent value for money.	
Jul 21 2009 	Fab Stay @ London Bridge Hotel	Just back from a weekend staying at London Bridge Hotel. Very conveniently situated across from London Bridge Railway Station &amp; round the corner from the tube station. First impressions were great the hotel is very modern and clean, and we found the staff to be very helpful and friendly.Our room was on the second floor overlooking the back of the building so it was nice and quiet. Room was impressive, decorated to a high standard and has everything you could want.We loved the buffet breakfast which has a good selection to accomodate all tastes. Will definitely stay there in the future.	
Jul 21 2009 	It has everything you would ever want in a hotel for business / holiday	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel during our visit to London. I must say we were overwhelmed by the service they offered. Staff are very friendly, rooms were luxurious and excellent value for money. Breakfast had a variety of options and what a way to start the day. To beat all this, we needed to urgently re-fill and print a form from the internet and the staff promptly provided us with the computer, printer and internet at the time and we could complete the forms in no time.	
Jul 20 2009 	London Bridge - Good Quality Hotel	I stayed here on business for one night May 2009. This is one of the better London hotels, modern rooms with LCD TVs.Bathrooms are also modern with good quality fittings.Restaurant has a good selection of foods at typical London pricing.If ordering room service - please check the prices in the minibar compared to the menu as they are different for the same products.	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent staff great location	A hotel which regularly scores highly in reviews and from our weekend stay fully justifies its reputation. The staff couldn't have been more friendly from moment we booked in. The location is ideal for both underground and, in our case, trips on the river clippers which regularly stop at the nearby piers. Also good pubs within easy walking distance of hotel. Would highly recommend.	
Jul 9 2009	Concierges are the best part of this hotel	My teenage son and I just spent a week in London. We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel. Apart from a few minor problems (safe needed repair, sink didn't drain properly), we enjoyed our stay. The London Bridge is a very small hotel. The advantage is that the concierges are easily accessed, and they are friendly and ready to help. We did, however, have a dreadful time with our booking agent. We booked on Roomsnet.com. Roomsnet uses Jacob on Line to pay hotels, and two days into our stay, Jacob called the hotel to cancel our reservation, saying Roomsnet had never paid them.I had to pay the hotel again myself for the rest of the stay. Fortunately, I used a credit card to pay, and the credit card company is working to resolve this issue.If you have never been to London, and you have any amount of luggage other than a light bag, I wouldn't go by Tube to get to your hotel. The tubes can be jampacked, people are in a rush, and there is no room nor patience for much luggage. You can get the Heathrow Express train from Heathrow Airport to Paddington Station and take a taxi from there, or there is a service you can book online called Dot2.com.Just be patient and openminded in London. It is a wonderful town, and easy to communicate with everyone, but it's not the U.S. If you order lemonaide, you will probably get Sprite. It was quite hot when we were there, and ice is not readily available everywhere as it is here. And, if you see &quot;courgette&quot; on a menu, they mean zucchini.The differences make it interesting, and my son and I had a great time.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great value for money	Excellent location, nice room, good Breakfast and Friendly staff.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice	This hotel had a great staff who tended to every request. The rooms were nice and clean. Excellent breakfast. Close to the Underground station.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great hotel in a central location	We stayed here for 2 nights last weekend, my husband,daughter &amp; myself travelled with my parents, sister,brother in law &amp; their two boys. We had a fantastic time from start to finish, the check in was smooth &amp; the reception staff were very helpful &amp; friendly. The rooms were fantastic, we all had slightly different rooms but were great &amp; the pictures on the internet didn't do them justice, they were very clean &amp; the beds were really comfy. As the hotel was near the railway/tube station we thought it might be a bit noisy but we were surprised how quiet it was. Breakfast was superb, great choice &amp; the staff couldn't do enough for you. We didn't eat any other meals in the restaurant or ordered room service but my parents ate dinner in the Londinium restaurant &amp; said they had a wonderful meal. The location was key to us booking the hotel, with so many attractions being a short walk away &amp; all the transport links right on the door step. I would definately book this hotel again.	
Jun 29 2009 	This hotel lived up to its reviews!	I styed in the London Bridge hotel for three nights starting last Thursday. Prior to booking the hotel I used TripAdvisor for the first time and despite the good reveiws with reagrds to this hotel I was still a little sceptical when booking it. I am glad to say I needn't have been! The rooms were nicely decorated to a very good standard and were immaculately clean. The room was serviced each day including bed linen change. On the first night we ate in the adjacant restaurant, Georgetown, which was lovely. The breakfast choice and quality didn't disappoint either. I can't write this review without complimenting the hotel on how extremely friendly all of staff were. All in all it was a great stay and I would definitely book this hotel again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great hotel clean comfy and very convenient	Went on some recommendations from TA. Very good choice.. not the cheapest but a great location (across from tube / train station), very nice rooms. Will definitely be back here next time I am in London.	
Jun 21 2009 	A great "boutique" hotel! Very grand interior 	We loved our stay. The interior was impressive and the staff was very polite and accommodating. Our standard room &amp; bathroom were very chic. Some reviews have stated that the rooms are small, but having been to many places in Europe, we found it to be of typical European size. The breakfast was simple but elegant. We thought it had a very nice selection of meats, eggs, potatoes and pastries. The hotel is also conveniently located next to a bus/tube station; all you need to get around London!	
Jun 19 2009 	Good value near London Bridge tube station	Stayed at London Bridge Hotel for two nights. Good value, nice room, two restaurants on site, close to London Bridge and Monument tube stations. Mixup about travelling companions' breakfast being included and staff were able to accommodate us.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very nice hotel!	This is a really nice hotel. the location is GREAT! It's about 2-3 mins walk from the nearest underground station. I love their buffet breakfast, it may not have the most variety of food items there but everything is nice. The rooms are very well kept they are are new. One thing I would like to mention is (same as some of the previous reviews) that occassionally the air con doesnt seem working and the room is very hot. In general I'm very happy about my stay , the staff are very helpful and friendly	
Jun 18 2009 	very good	I booked the hotel based on the review from TA and the previous comments are mostly true. Location is excellent. I once walked across the london bridge to Monument station to catch the circle line, it took only 10 minutes and was a nice walk. The room is small but adequate. No complaint on breakfast as food and services were excellent. Only one point not so good was my transfer from Heathrow to hotel. I took the dot2dot transfer and was the last stop for the car. The car travelled all around central london for 3 stops by other passangers and it took nearly 1.5 hours to arrive hotel. Next time would call a private car transfer instead as it is only a few pounds more than dot2dot.	
Jun 16 2009 	A quiet chic little hotel with a personal touch - will be going back	Stayed here before onward holiday travel, and it suited us perfectly.The area isn't the nicest to look at, but that matters little - the hotel inside is smart, clean and modern. It's quiet (for London), well situated (close to Tube) and the staff were very helpful &amp; professional.We didn't eat here, so can't comment on the food or restaurant, but the rooms were very good. Modern and comfortable (though you'd describe the bathroom as bijou!).A great little hotel, and we'll use it again when we're next in London.	
Jun 15 2009 	Brilliant hotel definately coming back!!	This hotel was in a great location, right across the street from the tube station in London. Although the rooms were small enough they were very clean and extremely comfortable. The breakfast was available until 11.30a.m. which was very handy as I was looking for a relaxing break so didnt have to wake early for breakfast. The staff were very friendly and helpful, recommending good restaurants in the area. The next time ill be in London ill be staying here again for sure!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Very impressed	My partner and I (age 24 &amp;22) stayed at the London Bridge for 3 days in October 2006. Very impressed with the hotel. Very modern looking room, with the best beds we even slept in. Convenient location for sight seeing in London.Breakfast was top quality as well with a wide range of food to choose from. We did not wanted to go back home. Definately a recommendation!	
Jun 13 2009 	OK but not as good as the reviews suggest	My wife and I spent a weekend at the London Bridge and it is a perfectly good hotel, but nowehre near as impressive as the reviews here suggest. The rooms are small, but clean, the general decor in the building a little old-fashioned, and the staff helpful but not particularly friendly. You can get good deals, but you can probably get better deals for better hotels elsewhere.	
Jun 11 2009 	Across road from Guy's Hospital London Bridge Station and you can smoke!	Firstly, I was looking for a hotel to stay in the night before being admitted into Guy's Hospital for surgery. Secondly, I required a smoking room (important for us). This was the only hotel I managed to find in the vicinity of Guy's that allowed smoking in dedicated rooms. LOCATION: Fantastic - across the road from London Bridge underground, main line trains and bus station. It's literally 2 mins from the station. It's also so close to Guy's Hospital - you really couldn't get any closer if you tried. BOOKING &amp; ARRIVAL: I booked a standard room (twin/double) through an agent online (directrooms) at a bragain price of £75 (room only) - didn't need breakfast as couldn't eat before surgery anyway. Upon arrival, we were pleasantly greeted and quickly checked in and given room details. We were asked if we wanted a smoking room or not, I said I did. We were given a double room, smoking room on the first floor. We were also provided with a £5 voucher if we decded that we wanted breakfast in the morning (a nice touch I thought, seeing as it would've cost more than £10 if you had pre-paid online). ;-) Usual options of wake up call and newspaper for the morning also provided. ROOM: Double, standard room. Modern and comfortable. Nicely decorated. Flat screen TV with movies (not sure if free) and standard TV channels available. Bottled water provided, as well as tea and coffee facilities (hidden away in drawers). Mini-bar available if required - electronically monitored. Desk, chest of drawers, wardrobe. Hangers, iron, spare linen all provided. Safe for valuables. Bathroom very clean and tidy - towels provided. Shower gel, shampoo, soap, shower cap provided. Power shower and bath available. Shower nice and powerful and easy to control. Lobby was a great place to meet friends - well-stocked bar as you walk in! I believe they also have Fitness First Gym, restaurant, bar etc, but we didn'tmake use of anything apart from the room as we went out in town for the evening.Only 'problem' was that when we returned from our evening out our door key/cards didn't work!? A bit random, but we just went down to reception and reactivated them. All in all, a very pleasant stay and would recommend highly to anyone needing to stay in that area, especially if having to be at the hospital early the next morning. Shop around for deals though as I found bookings to be anything upto £150 per night. I found a great deal and only 1 week before check-in date.	
Jun 8 2009 	Absolutely Excellent!	The Hotel was in a wonderful location just next to London Bridge Tube Station. The location did mean plenty of noise and buzz but this is something you expect anywhere in London and if you keep your windows closed when you're in the room it isn't a major problem. The rooms were clean and very comfortable and contained anything the traveller would need. The hot buffet breakfast was delicious and there was loads of food on offer so there was definitely something for everyone. The staff were very helpful and efficient. I'm definitely going to stay here again!	
Jun 6 2009 	A good choice for London Bridge	Just a 2 minute walk from London Bridge station, the London Bridge Hotel is a pleasant small hotel. Rooms are pleasant with comfy beds, nice linen, plasma tvs and free internet access. Bathrooms are on the small side but perfectly functional with nice bath products. Staff where very friendly and helpful.There are plenty of eating options in the area. The hotel has a small bar and you feel a little like your drinking in the recption area - this is not really a problem as there are many bars in the vicinity. Breakfast in the hotel was of a good standard in a nice ambience.I would have no hesitation in staying at the London Bridge Hotel again.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Hotel	We really liked this hotel. The staff were polite, friendly and helpful. Our rooms were modern, well furnished and spacious. The bed was huge and very comfortable - top marks. The room was also very clean. At the breakfast table there was an excellent choice of food which was fresh and of good quality. The only downside was our visit to the Georgetown restaurant attached to the hotel. We had a meal there which was very disappointing. The quality and presentation of the food was awful. They write a good menu which doesn't live up to expectations. However we did complain and had 6% knocked off our bill.	
Jun 6 2009 	Very Impressed	The hotel was excellent. The room was well furnished and very clean. The bed was king size even though we only had a standard room. It was really comfortable and as a light sleeper, I slept very well - the room was surprisingly quiet, even though we overlooked the road. The provision of an iron and ironing board in the wardrobe was a bonus, (no matter how well you pack - your clothes always end up creased). My husband loved the free wi-fi and the size of the HD television. Breakfasts were very tasty from a serve yourself hot and cold buffet. We didn't dine at the hotel in the evening. The staff were very helpful but not over intrusive. The location was great too. Just around the corner from London Bridge station meant that all the major attractions were easily accessible - some within walking distance. I enjoyed my stay and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice Enough. Would stay at again	Modern hotel just south of the river. Location good as it meant that we saw other parts of London than we don't usually see as we tend to stay in Bloomsbury/Soho area. Some lovely bars and restaurants nearby and St Katharine Docks is well worth a visit for a lovely meal out. Rooms clean and modern, but, a little small. This didn't bother me or my husband as it was more than adequate for the amount of time that we spent in the room. Breakfast was proberbly one of the best buffets Breakfasts that we've had in a London hotel. So overall, we would return to the London Bridge hotel.	
Jun 5 2009 	A good hotel but with a problem	Having stayed at this hotel many times, we were expecting the relaxed and comfortable stay that we normally get. However, the hotel management has a glaring problem and we were subjected to its outcome. The same company that owns the hotel also owns the bar/club next door. Many of the hotel rooms are in fact above the bar/club. On the Saturday night that we stayed at the hotel, the bar/ club had been 'granted a late licence for a private function'. This turned out to be a very noisy disco/party/rave with deafening music that went on until 2 am. Needless to say, sleep was impossible. Our room (on the First Floor) was directly over the bar/club. The late night reception appeared to be helpful but claimed that the 'private function' was nothing to do with them and that as a result nothing could be done. We only discovered that both the hotel and the club were part of the same company the next morning. Clearly the management of the hotel has a problem. If they seek to make revenue from raucous events that last until 2 am, this is completely incompatible with the running of a hotel where people want peace and quiet and they will undoubtedly lose money as people stay away. The next night (Sunday) was everything you would expect from an otherwise very well run hotel. Such a shame then that money-making next door appears to be taking precedence over offering good service to hotel customers. If you are thinking of staying here, I would recommend that make sure that there are no 'private functions' scheduled for the premises during your stay	
Jun 3 2009 	Ok but standards slipping	I have stayed in this hotel for business many times, but I am compelled to comment here that there appears to be a pattern developing and it is not for the better. Yes, it is in wonderful location, but the standards at the hotel are slipping, so much so that the last few stays I chose to stay elsewhere. To start with, having stayed there numerous time, do we really have to go through the whole, please fill out this form routine again?! Can they not set up their system to remember loyal customers? Concierge desk staff could not be more disinterested, no help offered upon arrival, and service generally is lacking. It takes numerous calls to get a towel or any basics one forgets, like shaver etc. The rooms are furnishings are getting shabby, the rooms themselves very small and on some stays the beds were so soft, they really do leave a lot to be desired. They are old, they need replacement. I would strongly recommend not utilising room service, it is beyond low hotel stanard in this hotel, just go for a walk to the Thames, or in the direction of Borough markets (eg to Roast restaurant, Garrisons pub, etc). Avoid hotel's restaurant next door.	
May 31 2009 	Wow - what a fantastic hotel wonderful room and a great price	We booked the Weekend Deluxe Package for one (Friday) night. We checked in and had been upgraded to an executive suite. The photo's on the hotel's website do not do this room justice. It was out of this world. A huge huge bed, a huge deep bath tub, a comfy sofa, a dining table for 6 and nice touches like the ipod docking station, dressing gowns and slippers. Hidden away in the huge huge wardrobes was the iron and ironing board, safe and on the sideboard in the lobby (forgot to mention the lobby) was the complimentary bottled water x2 and a plate full of fresh fruit. Our package included a bottle of wine and box of handmade chocs in the room which were really good quality and a 2 course dinner with a glass of bubbly. The food was really good too and the breakfast (included in the room price) was fantastic. The waiting staff were excellent. The hotel was quiet even though our room looked over London Bridge Tube station. The staff were great, everything was spotless and really high quality. A 12 noon check out ensured we made the most of our luxury stay. We will be going back to this hotel without a doubt. I cannot believe the price we paid for what we got. Even having a peek at their standard rooms I was impressed with the quality for the price. I did not know that you could get such good quality at such a reasonable price for a central London hotel.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent London base	I stayed for 9 nights at this hotel, and it was a very good experience. The staff were friendly and helpful. My room was quiet, modern, comfortable and spacious, and had all the facilties that I would want. The free Wi-Fi is great. The buffet breakfast included in the room price was very enjoyable. Another plus is the proximity of the hotel to London Bridge tube station, so it was easy to access all of London. Highly recommended.	
May 30 2009 	The Best Service in London	I have stayed at 4 different premium hotels in London and can say that the staff here are the most friendly, the most helpful and the concierges particularly knowledgeable and helpful. Whether we needed a restaurant reservation, advice about road works that might hamper our plans, Underground directions or walkng directions, they were right on top of things. One concierge even walked us half-way to our restaurant because the route through a mall was a bit confusing. The only problem is that the Internet connection, which you pay for, is incredibly slow. You pay for twice the time you should have to, to get the work done.	
May 30 2009 	Fabulous hotel great servicegreat location	From the moment we entered the hotel we were made to feel welcome. The room was the immaculate and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was very good and well presented.We dined in the Londinium restaurant and again the food was very good. The location is a 2 minute walk to London Bridge Station. The staff were extremely friendly and polite. We would certainly stay here in the future.	
May 30 2009 	Great hotel great staff great location	Returned to the London Bridge Hotel for a second time for a five night stay. This hotel has everything for a great break. The staff are fantastic - all so helpful. The rooms are bright and modern - although on the small side. We had breakfast included in our rate. This was served buffet style with a good selection of both hot and cold items, also made to order omlette, poached eggs etc.There are many restaurants round and about for evening meals. We particularly enjoyed eating at The Real Greek and Black and Blue. We went over to Borough Market on Saturday and that was an experience not to be missed for foodie types. The hotel is ideally located for both London Bridge mainline train station and also the Underground - both a very short walk away.I would definately recommend this hotel and plan to stay here on future visits to London.	
May 29 2009 	Great location in London	We were greeted by friendly staff who were always ready to give tips on travel and places to visit. Our room was stylish and we loved the fruit and chocolates! The hotel is a great spot from which to explore London - near to buses, trains and the London Underground and also a stone's throw from the Thames. So if you want to shop, sightsee or just amble along taking in coffee and pastries or a glass of wine, it's ideal.	
May 27 2009 	Good hotel - central location	My partner booked this hotel as a surprise for my birthday. We drove to the hotel (as we live only 30 miles away). There is no parking at the hotel but there is a car park a few streets away. We parked overnight and the hotel arranged a set price of £20 which is good for London. The only drawback (especially for someone with mobility problems) is that it takes about 10-15 minutes to walk back to the hotel.Hotel itself was fine. Very helpful staff and easy check in. The hotel was light, bright and well-decorated. My partner had booked a standard room but we were give up an upgrade to a superior room when we checked in - a nice surprise!The room itself (519) was small but very well furnished with plasma TV, a comfy bed ,complimentary bathrobes and slippers and a fruit basket besides the usual trouser press, minibar etc. I was initially a bit concerned as we were next to what seemed a very lively bar but there was obviously good sound insulation as once inside the room, there was no noise at all.Breakfast was included in the deal and it was very good with a selection of continental or English breakfast items available as well as some that could be cooked to order. The hotel is very centrally located next to London Bridge station and therefore ideal for a visit to Central London. We took advantage of its closeness to Borough Market which is a couple of hundred yards away and went to a great restaurant there (Roast) on the evening and visited the Borough Market (don't miss it!) the following morning. The area is very lively with many restaurants and bars with a great buzzy atmosphere.In short we had a great stay and would thoroughly recommend the hotel and its location.	
May 25 2009 	Nice Hotel with good service	The hotel is directly behind the London Bridge stationThis is a great location but can also prove a little noisy in some rooms.We checked in early. THe first room we stayed in was small but nicely furnished with huge extremly comfortable bed and huge philips Lcd tv.However we we returned in the evening we noticed the noise from the nearby station. It seems as previous reviewers have mentioned that the odd numbered rooms face the train tracks so you can hear the trains screech.We asked to be moved to room on the other side of the hotel. They were really nice and let us see two rooms to decide which one we wanted , which was nice , as both rooms were superior rooms.There was no noise from the room which was an even numbered room.One thing I noticed was the superior rooms while a little bigger had smaller beds (prob Queen beds compared to king in normal room) also the tv was bigger in the standard rooms, but still a nice lcd tv.The rooms also have free wifi (ask reception for passcode), which is excellent.Overall the hotel was very nicely decorated and felt quite homely.we had breakfast included, the breakfast was good , not excellent but sufficed. Not much choice for continential breakfast but you could also have a british breakfast too.I would def recommend this hotel especialy for value for money , there are some good deals for this hotel, the rooms are nice just make sure you get an even numbered room.	
May 23 2009 	very clean hotel	we had a excellent stay,we payed 140 at hotel direct including full english breakfast. we did ask to move rooms after 1hr of getting ther because you could hear the aircon fan on the side of the building. room 124. they moved us no problem to a better room. the underground isa 5min walk to gettin on the tube, would deffently recommend it, free wifi as well, and newspapers, and ther was free acsses to fitness 1st gym.they cleaned the rooms everyday	
May 20 2009 	Excellent hotel spotlessly clean friendly polite staff great breakfast	Arrived early afternoon into stylish, uncluttered lobby where we were welcomed by the friendly concierge and shown to the reception desk. After checking in, we went to our room, which was well appointed and spotlessly clean. However, there was quite a noisy fan just outside the window and as my wife is a light sleeper, I popped down to reception to see if another room was available. The friendly receptionist found us a room immediately and apologised for the inconvenience. Our new room was very quiet and again very clean.Breakfast was a buffet type with a large range of juices, cereals and cooked food. The &quot;Full English&quot; tasted great, with hot toast and tea served in proper teapots - really sets you up for the day!Heading out for the day, we found the delightful Borough Market a short stroll away, with a wonderful variety of fresh produce and organic products. Next to this is the London Bridge Underground, giving access to most of London in minutes. Returning late in the evening, we found the lobby area quiet and relaxing, perfect for a quiet drink to unwind after a long day.Before we checked out, I needed to carry out an online check-in and print off boarding cards. The receptionist directed me to the concierge, who had the boarding cards in my hand just minutes later.All-in-all a lovely place to stay and we both agreed we would return again. It's nice to stay in a hotel where the staff are so polite and helpful, the rooms are clean and the food is of high quality.	
May 20 2009 	FANTASTIC HOTEL	Fantastic hotel, great location for getting to the 02 arena as the jubilee line is right by the hotel and was only 4 stops away. We used the hotel as we were going to the 02 arena to go and see the Blue Man Group. Lovely clean hotel. The rooms were lovely and the staff were very helpful and polite. Breakfast was delicious and there was a fantastic selection which filled us up all day. We would definatly use this hotel again.	
May 19 2009 	Great hotel-would stay again!!	First trip to London and used Trip Advisor to help select our hotel. We were very pleased w/this hotel and our stay here. Orbitz had a special so we booked through them but no issues with the RSVP. The hotel staff was very responsive via email prior to our trip with general questions and planning questions. It's right around the corner from the London Bridge tube station which can you to all the major sights/areas. You can get to several good pubs and restaurants within an easy 5-10 min walk from the hotel. Website is very accurate as far as room description, amenities, photos, etc. English breakfast was also really good with warm food items and not just pastries (eggs, potatoes, beans, sausage, etc). We felt the room and bathroom were larger than other standard European hotels and nice modern decor. We were on the 4th floor and didn't overlook the main street but room was very quiet and comfortable. Staff was very courteous as well.Overall, would definitely recommend this hotel to others-especially for all of the amenities you get!!! It was nice to have breakfast, bottled water, coffee/tea, and wifi included in the rate so it's not something extra :-)	
May 18 2009 	great bargain excellent experience	we traveled to london and throughout scotland, and this hotel was the best overall experience for breakfeast, cleanliness, overall helpfulness, and bargain price by far.i ended up leaving my laptop charger and contacted them from scotland via e mail and they had found it and mailed it back to the united states, no questions asked, no fee.only downfall was concierge advised too little time from tube to airport and failed to notify us that we needed to be there 45 minutes prior or they cut off ability to even check in. we just caught next flight to edinburgh, only lost a couple of hours.great hotel.	
May 17 2009 	SUPERB!	We enjoyed a fantastic two night stay at this hotel. The rooms were immaculate, with very nice toiletries that were refreshed on a daily basis. The staff at this hotel were extremely helpful. We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis. The breakfast choices were fabulous and there was something to suit any pallette. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in London.	
May 16 2009 	Great location- good hotel and facilities- small rooms	London Bridge area is really undergoing a renaissance making this a great location- transport excellent to with above and underground station. Lots of quality casual dining based around the Borough markets. Hotel is efficient and rooms well equipped. Free access to Fitness centre, free wireless internet- small rooms but with everything you need.	
May 14 2009 	Modern Contemporary in a Good Location	We have just been and stayed in the London Bridge Hotel and couldn's ask for anything more. The rooms were modern, fresh and spotlessly clean. We chose to eat in the Londonium restaurant and the food was superb. Positioned just round the corner from the London Bridge Tube and Train Station it is ideal for getting around the city. Located approximately 200 metres from the London Bridge and the many attractions the area has to offer. Great value for money and perfect for if you are staying on Business or just simply there to enjoy our fantastic Capital City.	
May 14 2009 	An excellent hotel we will definitely return!!!!	Wonderful two night stay. Immaculate and comfortable room. Extremely friendly, helpful and welcoming staff. Thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast. Couldn't find any faults and we're usually extremely fussy! Looking forward to a return visit.	
May 13 2009 	a fantastic hotel situated in a great location	We stayed at the hotel for a city break and thoroughly enjoyed the calm atmosphere coupled with helpful, friendly staff. Our rooms were clean ,well equipped and comfortable, with the best hotel beds I've slept in for a long time.It was suprisingly quiet for such a central location.The hotel was obviously very busy but on both mornings the breakfast buffet was rapidly replenished - very tasty too! It is in a great location with good train/bus links but it was really good to be able to walk to so many places and enjoy the sights, especially along the river, not forgetting the numerous cafes and watering holes.I look forward to another stay in the near future.	
May 13 2009 	Great London Hotel	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel last weekend. My husband and I were on a vist to central London. The hotel is well situated in a great, historic area of London. We had a lovely room. The room was clean and well appointed, had great products in the bathroom, fruit and complementary water. The staff were friendly and efficient and couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast was just perfect. Plenty of choice and a lovely efficient but unhurried atmosphere - just what we wanted for our weekend of rest and recuperation. I can't recommend the London Bridge Hotel highly enough.	
May 12 2009 	do not stay here!!!	While this hotel dies have a nice location-though there are better as even though it is close to the tube, you will need to transfer to anyplace. The service was some of the worst AI have ever experienced. the concierge gave us faulty information and thought his job was to stand around a talk, the desk clerk could not use the computer and left notes that got lost and worst of all, she could not speak English and left off important information about hotel phone call and we got stuck for a bill of $147 for 6 minute call. They didn't change the sheets the whole week we had trouble getting toiletries and towels. I this hotel is poorly managed and it seems no one cares about doing a good job and having the guest stay be special. The decor is nice, but it does not deserve a 4 star rating do to the service, it is 2-1/2 at best becuase they have contempt for the guest.	
May 11 2009 	Ok but a little disapointed after better stay before	I have stayed here before and have to say it wasn't quite as nice as first time round! Still nice but on my last visit I stayed in a much bigger nicer room and paid alot less!A few niggles this time round as well! The wine we ordered was not in our room when we arrived and had to chase reception. On the second day we arrived back to find house keeping had taken rather than replaced our towels. Possibly a simple error but it took 2 calls to reception before they were replaced.We ordered breakfast in our room which did arrive on time but instead of arriving on a trolley came on 3 separate trays delivered by the same person so had to wait a while until everything arrived!Still nice enough and excellent location so I wouldn't rule out staying again.	
May 8 2009	Fabulous excellent great hotel !	This hotel is my favourite. When I go to London to visit my daughter who lives and works there, I always stay at London Bridge Hotel. The kindness, the service, the location and the cleanliness of the rooms are excellen, couldn't be better.I have already stayed in several other hotels in London but the London Bridge Hotel is really the TOP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I will recommend this hotel to all of my friends and family.	
May 7 2009 	Superb hotel great location!	Stayed at hotel for a based for the London Marathon, perfect choice. Location was ideal with trains leaving for start at London Bridge, hotel opened up breakfast early for runners and put on a special breakfast for them. We were upgraded to an apartment which was amazing. We couldn't have had a better weekend. Glad we booked for the two nights to enjoy the hotel. The only down side was the breakfast on the Monday morning, we had to wait for bowls, cups for juice and some of the full english breakfast to come out. The reception staff were very helpful.	
May 4 2009 	Incredible Location!	Stayed at the hotel last week of April 2009. The train station and tube was 1 block away (took us a few tries to find the shortest route nonetheless which route we took it was very close to the hotel). We used the Jubliee (gray), Picadilly (blue), &amp; District (green) Line the most. We also walked to a lot of places.We arrived at the hotel at 8am and since there wasn't a room available for check in; we left our bags at the concierge desk. The room and bathroom was quite small but its very clean and comfy. The hot water comes on in seconds so you don't have to wait. Since our room had a bathtub after a long day exploring London a nice hot bubble bath is nice. We got a room away for the busy street so it was very quiet and they have black out curtains. The hotel gives you tons of towels, face, hand, and body towel. Borough Market was also a block away (open Thurs, Fri &amp; Sat), if you get a chance to go it is a wonderful experience. Going toward the Southwark Cathedral there's a little trail that you can walk toward the Globe Theatre and Tate Modern; there are restaurants called Nandos that really good and a noodle house Wagamama. Tower Bridge &amp; Tower of London is also walking distance from the hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Amazing place highly recommended	This was our second visit and again couldn't fault it. Very helpful and friendly staff, fantastic rooms, great breakfast. We took part in the London Marathon and it was great to find that breakfast started at 6am and they served porridge and bananas for runners. Also the night before they made sure that lots of pasta was on the menu (in addition to other delicious food!) for runners in need of carbs. Overall we loved this place, it is a real paradise and located very centrally, great for discovering London. We'll be back!	
Apr 22 2009 	Lovely hotel for a weekend trip	Hotel was close to tube station to access underground. The hotel had a good homely feel. Everyone was welcoming and helpful, dealing with enquiries and questions promptly and eficiently. The room was a good size for London, modern, well decorated, clean, quiet and well equipped. It had good lighting and a comfortable bed. I particularly liked the small touches; facecloths, teapot for tea, several magasines and lovely toiletries throughout the hotel.Breakfast had a good choice and was well cooked and set us up for our days sightseeing in London. Very close to Southwark Cathedral, worth taking the time to look around. Would rather stay here than large chain hotels.	
Apr 21 2009 	A great find would go back.	This is a small hotel by London standards but has excellent amenities. The location is superb, just 1 block from a Tube station, and also 1 block from the Rail station.The hotel is well kept, rooms small but well appointed. Bathrooms generous. Lots of hot water and good water pressure. Comfortable beds. The staff was courteous and helpful. I bought my stay including a full Enlgish breakfast in the restauant that is on the ground floor and it was terrific, I highly recommend it. Hot buffett, but also included table service that brings you toast and hot drinks. This is no Holiday Inn Express, you get lovely table settings and linen table cloths. The one minor drawback is that because it is near the Rail station there is some train noise that can be heard at night, however that depends on your exact room location. If you are VERY sensitive to noise and sounds, you may want to ask for the quietest room possible, but if you're just averagely sensitive don't worry about it. Plus they use very thick black-out draperies that can make your room pitch black at night if you want (my wife really likes the room to be dark). I can't say enough good things. The next time we go to London we won't even bother to consider booking anywhere else.	
Apr 17 2009 	Very good central London Hotel. Would go back	Had a 2 night, 3 day break in London with our daughter aged 4. Found that the location was very good, round the corner from the tube station and with good eating places in walking distance along the Thames towards Tower Bridge. Consierge team were excellent and thanks to them we had a lovely boat trip and excellent meal at Strada. Our room on the 4th floor was very quiet - it did not feel like we were in London - especially since the G20 protestors were nearby for some of the time! Very nice clean rooms and pleasant staff. We'd definately stay there again.	
Apr 16 2009 	Highly recommend!!	Before I start my review, here are two helpful tips if you decide to book the London Bridge Hotel.1. The very first thing you should do when you check-in is to make sure the AC works!! Do this before unpacking, so if you need to switch rooms it is not a hassle. 2. Request an even number room. All odd number rooms are located on the side of the hotel facing the train and tube station. It is extremely noisy and will most likely interrupt your sleep. My husband and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel from 4/2/09-4/7/09. We had a wonderful stay and would definitely stay here again. This is a beautiful hotel, with a friendly staff, and in a great location. We booked this hotel using Airfare.com.The staff was extremely friendly, helpful, and accommodating throughout our entire stay. They were more than willing to rectify any issues we had and the concierge was eager to provide us with pre-paid/reserved tickets to The Eye and directions to dinner and a laundry mat.Our first room was located across from the train and tube station (an odd number room) and the AC did not work. (I know it seems odd to need AC during winter/spring months in London, but believe me, you do.) The front desk indicated that maintenance had gone home for the day, but they would send the concierge up to our room to see if they could fix the AC. The concierge was not able to fix the AC, so the following day we changed rooms. At that time, I also requested an even number room since the noise from the train/tube station was very noisy. We were assigned to Room 422. This room was perfect! The AC worked, we had a view of Big Ben in the far distance, no noise from the train/tube station, and it even had a king size bed! The room was very clean and had modern décor. The shower had great water pressure and there was sufficient counter space in the bathroom. (I found counter space was hard to come by in the other hotels we stayed in during our time in England.) Also, there is complimentary WiFi if you have a laptop, iPhone or iTouch. Just ask the front desk for the access code and password.The breakfast was great. There was a plentiful selection of cold cereals and granola with milk, a large selection of juices, blueberry and chocolate chip muffins, rolls, toast (along with cream cheese, honey, and jam), scrambled eggs (although we never ate any because they were too runny), bacon, hash browns, sausage, yogurt, cheese, mushrooms, and a fruit salad. We were very impressed with the selection.The location of the hotel is great. It is right next to the train/tube station, so it’s very convenient to get anywhere in London you desire.More tips:- Buy the Rick Steves’ London book. This is a very detailed book providing an abundance of information and will no doubt have a positive impact on your trip.- We found a wonderful restaurant called Strada. It’s about a 10 minute walk from the hotel and it has an AMAZING view of the Tower Bridge. Plus it has great food and service. Make sure to try the Fontente al Cacao for dessert.	
Apr 15 2009 	Hidden Gem	Booked directly through the hotel website. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a suite which was absolutely one of the nicest rooms we have stayed in while touring London. Pros: Located a block from London Bridge Station Small, modern, quiet, clean hotel Breakfast is varied with eggs, bacon, beans, mushrooms, cheeses, yogurt,  fruit, good breads, cereals, juices WiFi is included Air conditioning works well Londinium Restaurant serves excellent lunch and dinner Direct trains to Gatwick Cons: Surrounding area is limited with restaurant choices Surrounding area is being revitalized	
Apr 15 2009 	Fantastic situation and gorgeous decore!	The London Bridge Hotel is situated near 3 tube exits/entrances and the London Bridge train line. Although it has busy transport links near by the hotel is very quiet. The bedroom decoration is contemporary and of a very high quality. I really enjoyed my stay here as the service was excellent and so was the breakfast in the morning. Overall, a brilliant place to stay!	
Apr 11 2009 	Enjoyable London weekend break.	My wife and I decided to spend my 60th birthday on a weekend break in London. We booked West End musical, made plans to do some sightseeing, walk in Hyde Park and meet up with some friends for a meal. We also wanted to spend some time with our son who lives in Central London. I booked a room at London Bridge Hotel on the website based on some excellent reviews in Tripadvisor We travelled from Devon by car to friends in Hertfordshire where we parked our car and boarded a train to London Bridge station. We were surprised to discover the hotel was literally opposite the station. I phoned a very helpful receptionist the previous day to ensure a non-smoking room at the rear of the hotel as I learnt in the reviews the rooms in the front were rather noisy. The reception staffs were very welcoming and polite. We were given a room on the 5th floor which was accessible by lifts. The room was rather on the small side but clean and comfortable with pleasing décor, the window overlooking Guy's Hospital tower building which was not very exciting. The tea/coffee making tray was hidden away in the bedside drawer and I could not find it the first day. It only when I brought it to the notice of the reception they revealed its whereabouts! Breakfast was buffet style- both cooked and Continental with substantial choice. It was very popular as we found it full and had to wait a few minutes both mornings to get a table. The location is excellent - on the Southside of the Southbank with easy access to any part of London. The London Eye, Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, Tower Bridge as were other iconic places of interest were all within walking distance. Borough Market, just 200 yards away from the hotel is worth a visit, it’s a gourmet food paradise. We were not very impressed with some of the nearby restaurants although there are some nice places further afield on the Thames Southside walk. We had a comfortable and thoroughly enjoyable stay. I would recommend this place to all my friends and will go back again. Lynher, Plymouth, Devon	
Apr 11 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel very friendly and clean.	We stayed just the one night and had the breakfast in the morning which was superb. All the staff were very friendly and help. Tho hotel is in a perfect place right next to tube station. We would definitly stay again.	
Apr 8 2009 	Bit Disappointing...	How this hotel is currently at number 16 in the Tripadvisor top London hotels is quite beyond me. Firstly the good: staff excellent, bed comfortable, location very convenient - lots of local shops, restaurants, and mainline and tube stations very near.Unfortunately, some aspects not so good. As others have said, the aircon is unpredictable - when we arrived the room was like a sauna; this was very quickly and efficiently fixed, rather too efficiently as thereafter the heating didn't work - as it was early April when we stayed this was a tad inconvenient, but rather than run the risk of being boiled alive, we left well alone...The room was tiny, but housed an enormous bed. Nowhere to sit in front of a mirror, in fact nowhere comfortable to sit at all, just one rather sad-looking bucket-type hard chair and that was it. Breakfast very efficiently run by the excellent staff, but luke-warm on all three days we stayed, and the fried eggs were solid - suspect the chef had read the dire warnings about salmonella in eggs, and massacred them just to be on the safe side. The rest of the breakfast was adequate at best.Finally, beware of the mini-bar 'fridge. We asked permission to use it for milk, thus avoiding the vile stuff in little cartons that hotels seem to believe bears a relationship to proper milk. To get our stuff into the 'fridge necessitated moving the bottles and cans already crammed in there which obviously set off their scanning device, and when we checked out they tried to charge us £20 for items used. We eventually convinced them we had not used anything, but knowing how these things work doubt we have heard the end of it. I'm left wondering what on earth other London hotels are like...	
Apr 8 2009 	Great hotel well located and good value	We specifically chose this hotel as we were going to a concert at the O2. The hotel is ideally situated for both central London and the O2. From leaving our seat after the concert to walking back into the hotel was 20 mins! Hotel is clean with pleasent staff and speedy check in.I would recommend this hotel for a weekend break in London or an overnight for visiting the O2.	
Apr 7 2009	excellent staff	On arriving at the hotel on a two night break, we were welcomed by the concierge and by the hotel reception staff, all very friendly. The room we had been allocated had been made into a double and not a twin as requested, the room was changed straight away for a twin.Although the rooms are on the small side they have everything you need. The room was warm but soon cooled down with either the window open or air con on.Breakfast was very good, a wide choice of foods, hot and cold. Toast on the first morning was cold but on the second warm which was a lot better. We even asked for more which was brought again lovely and hot.Paul the concierge was extremely helpful, looking for information, booking attractions etc. Thanks for all your help Paul :-)I would certainly go back to this hotel and would be happy to recommend it as well.	
Apr 6 2009 	Lovely hotel with excellent transport links	The hotel has a lovely frontage to it so upon arrival my boyfriend and I were very pleased on first glances. The staff at reception were very friendly and check in was quick. Our room was nice and comfortable and modern with everything you expect from a four star hotel. I got a late deal and paid £180 for two nights which really was exceptional. I'm not sure I'd like to pay full price for the hotel but that is London for you. Breakfast was good too. We were provided with free wireless internet which was a great bonus. We used room service and the food was good and the service was quick. Our room was also very quiet. The best thing about this hotel is it is right next to London Bridge station which makes getting around so easy. And there is an NCP carpark close by for those with cars. A really excellent stay and I would definitely return for another stay.	
Apr 6 2009 	Fiasco at London Bridge	Optically pleasing and in a fairly good location. Very central, with tons of restaurants, grocery &amp; convenience stores around. The gym that is next door and directly accessible from the hotel was OK but closed on Sundays. Over to the negatives. The rooms are very small which given the price is perhaps acceptable. But they are VERY small indeed. The bed could have been firmer. These are minor details in comparison to the construction that was going on on my floor throughout my stay each day from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm or so. See the picture I upload here. It was a doozie. These guys started hammering and drilling away like they were about to demolish the place. Dust was so thick that after walking down the corridor for just a few meters I needed a shoe shine and had to shake off my clothes thoroughly before moving on to my business meetings. Needless to say that there could be absolutely no thought of sleeping during the daytime. These days, with intercontinental travel, it may surpriuse the hotel management to hear, there are travellers who due to jetlag do need to get in some sleep during regular work hours. It is outrageous enough that they would book guests into a floor where they knew heavy construction was going to happen. But upon complaint and a request to see the GM, all I got was a card on my pillow apologizing for the inconvenience. No offer of recompensation was made. Seeing the many good reviews here, obviously the hotel is doing something right but if you are unfortunate enough to have a problem here, do not expect it to be resolved. Bad enough for me to stay way next time.	
Apr 1 2009 	Good value!	Found this hotel on the internet. Extremely good value for money - after a very difficult task of looking for a reasonably priced hotel in London! We stayed here for 5 nights and were very happy with the whole set up. The rooms were not huge - but hey - you're in London and how much time do you actually spend in your hotel room?? The room was clean, well appointed and had everything that you needed. Breakfast was included in the rate - and was a real bonus. It was quite extensive with hot and cold offerings and more than adequate to keep you going for most of the day. Bonuses are the fact that the hotel is within easy walking distance of some of the major attractions of London, along with the fact that London Bridge tube station is about 2 minutes walk away and links you to all the major railway lines. Also some decent restaurants nearby, as well as a laundromat.	
Mar 30 2009 	Highky recommended hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights from 20th March after reading reviews on TA. Very clean and pleasant hotel. Our first room had very noisy ventillation / extractor fans outside, so I asked at reception to be moved which they did with no fuss. We ended up with a king sized bed which was great. Breakfasts were good but sometimes luke warm, even when we got down early. Very handy for tube station and London Bridge. We were shocked to find many of the pubs shut at 10pm on the saturday and alot of shops / restaurants shut on Sunday.We paid 89.00 per night with rooms.net and thought this very good for the standard of hotel. We would definately use this hotel again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Will definitely stay here again!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights and were very impressed. Everything about this hotel was great. The room was spotlessly clean and serviced really well each day. The breakfast was delicious with a great variety to choose from. The staff were all very helpful, polite and friendly. The location was spot-on, a few minutes walk from London Bridge Station. We really couldn't fault anything at all and would have no hesitation in recommending it to anyone.	
Mar 23 2009	Nice hotel but very hot room	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for Mothers Day weekend.The surrounding area didn't particularly have any nice views but the hotel inside was nice, modern and comfortable.Our room was small, but had everything that we needed for a one night stay.The room however was extremely hot and the air conditioning didn't seem to work very well. The windows were double glazed and we couldn't get them open. Not a pleasant night's sleep.However, the full English breakfast compensated for this. It was delicious and hot.Overall, a great stop off place at a reasonable price of £116 for 2 people.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great stay at the London Bridge Hotel	My Boyfriend and i stayed at this hotel for one night on March 20th 2009. The hotel is very near to all major London transport systems such as busses, over land rail and tubes. The Hotel recption is very clean and it has a small bar located in it. The staff on arrival are very helpfull and check us in very quickly. We arrived just on the 2pm check in time and our room was ready, the room was a good size and very clean. There was a big flat screen TV and lots of pillows on the bed. The lady on reception on check in gave us an extra two hours for check out time which meant we didn't have to check out till 14.00 the following day. We had breakfast ordered as room service which was hot when it arrived. Overall i would definately stay here again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Very good value and superb location	I loved this hotel although we only stayed one night. The location is directly behind the tube station so its really easy to get to and everything is on your doorstep. I was warned before I stayed that the rooms are quite small and to be fair, its true. The bathrooms are even smaller but the facilities provided and cleanliness are very good. Our room was the termperature of an sauna and whilst we were lucky to have a window that opened we were at the back of the hotel and direclty next to the large flume which generated a huge amount of noise. That is my only complaint. This is probably one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in. Breakfast was great with good food and service. I loved this place and would most definately recommend it and stay again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great hotel with a great location	I stayed here , with my husband, as we were attending the Snow Patrol concert at The O2 Arena and needed somewher to stay that was more or less on an underground route to the O2 and this hotel fitted the bill perfectly! I am not sure if we just had not got our map reading heads on, but it did take us quite a while to find the hotel, we had obviously come out of the wrong exit at the London Bridge underground station and so needed a bit of help with our bearings but after that we had no problems. It is in a fabulous location with everything on your doorstep!Checking in was a breeze and everything we needed to know as regards breakfast info etc was given to us. Our room was room 310 and it was lovely, quite spacious, particularly in the bathroom but it was then I realised that we had been given a room that was adapted for disabled use. I have no wish for this to be taken as anything other than an observation but on reflection I would have preferred to have been offered a choice of room. It would probably have not made any difference but there was a slightly clinical feel to the room which maybe should be addressed, whoever was residing in the room. Breakfast was a delight , everything that you would want to set you up for the day, with plenty of choice. I do have a couple of minor criticisms as regards the room.I am a contact lens wearer and find a mirror for close up use imperative - this was missing, so I struggled a bit....Secondly, although everywhere appeared spotless, the overflow outlet in the bathroom sink was pretty grim and needed a good dose of bleach!!!These things aside, The London Bridge Hotel is pretty good and I would very happily stay there again...please....!Just out of interest, round the back of the hotel is where they are building the new 'Shard' tower, as a work in progress it will be very interesing to watch what's going on!!	
Mar 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel recently and we were really impressed. The location is only a minutes walk from the train station and the tube station wasn't much further. I arrived earlier than the 2pm check -in and the staff booked me in and gave me the room without any mention of the time (we've stayed at hotels where 2pm means 2pm and don't you dare try and get in any earlier!). The room itself was a little on the small side but lovely - especially the extra big bed, and the decor was modern yet comfortable. Breakfast was possibly the best we've had in any London hotel although we must have chosen a very popular time as the staff were having to work very hard to keep up with all the arrivals. We did had to wait a little while for our toast and coffee but it didn't matter as the rest of the breakfart was gorgeous. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. We really enjoyed our stay and would highly recommend this hotel - we will definately return.	
Mar 10 2009 	Excellent value 	I stayed here in a lovely double room (with airconditioning - thank you) with my friends and a young child staying in a lovely twin room. The room was plenty big for me and the bathroom was perfect size - not too small or big. The hotel is truely right next to the London Bridge Bus station/rail station and tube (so you've no excuse!). The staff were lovely and very helpful. The are two restaurants in the hotel and both were great value for money. I left the hotel after breakfast (included) and strolled down to the local Saturday market with its mulled wine and free cheese and sweet samples - heavenly ;-)The only thing I could complain about was the stuffiness of the hallways and the lobby - but with the snow on the ground...this wasn't a problem really!It took ages to find a hotel in London in my price range - and I was happy when I found this one. I wanted to visit the Tate and this hotel is ideal - you can walk along the Thames and see the lights of London and then visit the Tate at your leisure - it's open 'til 9 or 10 on Fridays and Saturdays and it's free!	
Mar 9 2009 	Non-chain good quality location and value	One night stay selected because of location &amp; previous review plus got a great deal on laterooms. Room was upgraded to superior but was still small compared to chain hotels. Room was clean and impeccably furnished - even had sky sports on the tv! Staff were helpful and pleasant, breakfast was included which was an adequate buffet with full english and continental. Small bar in lobby with comfortable chairs and a concierge.Nice touch was a great selection of magazines in the room, including useful TimeOut etc. Allow time to queue for breakfast as it's not a huge room - also the gym is a linked Fitness First and limited in opening times not ideal for business or weekend as not open on Sunday!Hotel is just past London Bridge tube, near Borough Market, Vinopolis, Tower Bridge etc. - felt safe at night to come back to.	
Feb 28 2009	fantastic weekend	My daughter (aged 22) and I stayed here for 2 nights to visit the Tate Modern and the markets in Camden Town and Brick Lane. We got a fantastic deal which meant the hotel was excellent value. We ate in the Georgetown Restuarant the first night - food was lovely, service excellent and very good value. The room was smart, clean and comfortable, and the hotel close to underground and mainline stations. There was some traffic noise, but we were at the front of the building. Central London is easliy accessible by tube, but local attractions include the wonderful Borough Market and the South Bank galleries. An excellent weekend which we hope to repeat.	
Feb 22 2009 	Fab hotel nice clean room and near tube	Stayed with hubby for the weekend in the London Bridge Hotel.room was on the 1st floor at the front of hotel. thought we might get some noise from teh trains but didn't hear one!!Staff were very helpfull and polite.Breakfast was best we have had in London.We booked direct with the hotel online and paid £109 for a double room.	
Feb 20 2009 	Excellent hotel will deffinately stay there again	We came to London for my partners Birthday and were welcomed by friendly and helpful staff. Room was excellent and the resturant food was really good value as they had a special offer on at the time. I would recomend this hotel. The only down side was that at breakfast they had run out of food and I had to wait a bit of time before the buffet was replinmished, other than that we had a lovely stay at the hotel. The weekend was made that little bit more special by all the happy and friendly staff.	
Feb 20 2009 	Superb hotel great location	What a brilliant hotel, situated so close to London Bridge railway station, which we used to get to Gatwick Airport and also on to the underground to get around London. The hotel is in fantastic condition, the room although not massive was perfect in everyway and very clean. The staff were very helpful and organised us with a very nice take out breakfast as we had to leave before the restaurant opened in the morning.All in all you can't go wrong.	
Feb 19 2009 	It all comes down to	We booked the hotel for 4 nights. Our flight arrived in the morning so we got to the hotel long before the check in time. We were exhausted, but luckily, the room was ready so we could check in right away. The check in process was quick and the staff was courteous. The room was small, but immaculately clean. The bed was comfortable and amenities were sufficient. The thing we liked best was the location. The London Bridge station was close by so we could conveniently hop on either the Jubilee or Northern line. There are also quite a few grocery (M&amp;S was my favorite) and sandwich shops right at the station so it was convenient to quickly grab something to eat. The Tower Bridge and Butler Wharf were close by so it was a nice stroll from the hotel.	
Feb 15 2009 	3rd time visit gets better every time	This was our third Valentines visit to London Bridge Hotel and as before I cannot fault the Hotel or the staff in any way. The rooms are contempary and as with the rest of the hotel spotlessy clean. The staff are so friendly and helpful, they definetly make the difference to so many other hotels. I would recommend this hotel 100% for anyone staying in London.	
Feb 10 2009 	Would Definitely Recommend!	This was my very first trip to London (my husband's second) and it was our honeymoon. I wanted to find a hotel that was smaller in size, romantic, and a good location. I debated between London Bridge and City Inn, and am so glad I went with London Bridge! Our room was large, even for American standards, and the furnishings, fixtures, bedding, etc. were all high quality. The staff was very friendly, the concierge very helpful, and the breakfast was great. The only problem we had is that the tube seemed to deactivate our room key cards, so everytime we returned to the hotel, we had to get a new key card. Other than that, our stay was fantastic! The location isn't quite as central as I hoped it would be, but we were very close to the tube station. Also, we found the best little pub near our hotel called 'Old King's Head'. If you stay at London Bridge, you must visit for a pint (or two!).	
Feb 10 2009 	Not the same as a year ogo!	They have changed things since our last visit a year ago. The toiletries, 1 biscuit per pack ect also one would have expected a bed side table on each side of the bed in a superior room (we only had one). Also the area of the hotels location is getting very run down (not a fault of the hotel) but not so nice to bring my wife for that special event. The food in the restaurant was excellent we had the steak. We may come back but to be honest we have booked another London hotel for our next visit in May at a better rate in rating and cost.	
Jan 31 2009 	cosy warm inviting	This hotel has just been recently refurbished, it is a 4 star hotel, but offers a 5star+ for service, comfort, cleanliness and food.We were amazed at how comfortable we were. We have noted this hotel for any future visits to the capital. It was also convenient for the underground and trains. The staff were polite, well mannered and extremely helpful. Thank you London Bridge Hotel !!	
Jan 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel !	My wife and I have stayed here twice now - November 2008 and January 2009, visiting our son who lives nearby. On both occasions we have been very pleased with the hotel, the friendly, helpful and efficient staff, and the restaurant. I had to force a tip onto the restaurant staff for their excellent service - they tried to refuse saying that a service charge had been added to the bill. Now, that's unusual!! The location is excellent for South Bank entertainment, is an easy walk into the City itself, and being close to both an underground station and the London Bridge City Pier for river transport, anywhere in London is within easy reach.I just hope that this review doesn't mean that the hotel is fully booked next time we want to visit London!	
Jan 12 2009 	Surprising Charm	Walking through then entrance there is a surprising mix of Georgian splendour with a modern twist. The bedroom was a comfortable size, all mod cons (apart from a frustratingly slow hairdryer!). We paid £90 B&amp;B (booked through a 3rd party website) &amp; it was very god value. Fairly central for tourist attractions (London dungeons, HMS Belfast, Tate Modern) but opposite to London Bridge bus station so the noise was obvious but that's London for you. The breakfast restaurant was pleasant also &amp; breakfast was fresh &amp; good value.In the evening we ate in the Malaysian restaurant next door which was affiliated to the hotel &amp; the food was delicious - probably an average price for London @ £20 per head for start &amp; main course, you have to try the Singapore sling, their house cocktail - delish!Would definitely go back.	
Jan 12 2009 	Convenient location good value	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel in January for a getaway to London for my wife's birthday.I booked it on the back of what were generally very good reviews, and on account of it providing what seemed excellent value.In hindsight, it was a good choice.Since most of our travel around London focused on the area around Waterloo, this place was easy to get to, and easy to use as a base for getting to the West End.The room, while small, was well appointed, and the hotel was clean and tidy in all areas.The one blot on the copybook was having to wait to be seated for breakfast. The first time I've ever had to this! The breakfast itself was very nice, although the staff were clearly struggling to cope with the volume of diners that morning! While this would be frustrating if it were to happen on a weekday morning if I were staying on a business trip, for us, it wasn't too much of an issue. Certainly not enough to detract from what was a very pleasant stay.	
Jan 11 2009 	Fabulous hotel	Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for the second time on Friday 9th January as we were going to Cirque du Soleil at the Royal Albert Hall. The hotel was just as good as we remembered it from last year. Really central and close to tube/Waterloo/bus station. Good bar right next door and excellent Malaysian restaurant on the other side of the hotel. 10% discount if you are staying at the hotel. Breakfast, normally £15 p.p. is included in the accommodation and is really good. Perfect location for visiting Borough Market. The bed and the pillows were so comfortable we didn't want to get up in the morning. We will definitely stay there again.	
Jan 11 2009 	Wonderful Birthday stay.	Stayed at the London Bridge hotel for 3 nights. I booked this for my husband's 30th birthday as a surprise. Wow, I thought it was nice from the picture, but the photos don't do it justice. Great location for siteseeing and getting from the station. The hotel and staff were better than I thought, and I asked for a banner and balloons to be in our room upon arrival. Which they did for a very small charge, so Thank you for that. My Husband loved it all, the room, the food, the location. We will be back without a doubt.	
Jan 10 2009 	Happy New Year	Considering what a busy time of year this was, nothing was too much trouble. A faulty double glazed unit in the bedroom was repaired within an hour of it being reported - and the workman came back the next day to check it was still ok!!! The concierge was happy to print off information from my computer, and the breakfast staff, although rushed off their feet were polite and helpful. High quality of furnishings in the rooms, and kept to a high standard. This hotel represents excellent value for money - especially in London.	
Jan 7 2009 	Perfect location	We stayed one night here to celebrate the new year in London, watching the fireworks on the embankment as Big Ben struck. The hotel was in a perfect location for the underground. Having arrived at the hotel earlier than anticipated, our room was not quite ready. The receptionist was apologetic and helpful and we were provided with coffee while we waited. The room was spotless and quiet despite being in close proximity to the station. Our breakfast was good - plenty of choice and good coffee with attentive and polite staff. Overall, we had a very pleasant experience and check out at the end of our stay was no different. Smiling staff who made us feel like we mattered. For a hotel in the centre of London on new years eve, we thought the price reasonable. This was a very good place to stay and hopefully we will return! We can thoroughly recommend.GP. Solihull	
Jan 7 2009 	Good hotel and location	Stayed with my fiance and a couple of friends on New Years Eve 2008. The hotel is conveniently located near London Bridge Station, so close to tube, rail and bus services. We arrived and checked in without any problems. Our double room was compact but furnished to a modern standard with a plasma screen TV. It was cleaned to a very high standard. Was hoping for better quality toiletries in the bathroom though. There are lots of bars and pubs nearby if you don't want to pay hotel prices for food and drink. This hotel suited our purpose and I would recommend staying here.	
Jan 5 2009 	very pleasant stay	We just returned from a christmas stay at the london bridge Hotel. When we arrived, we were given a room that turned out to have a broken heating system, The manager was very apologetic and did what he could to remedy the situation including the loan of an electric heater. The next morning as the heating was still not fixed he moved us to a room which was functioning perfectly and was beautifully decorated. The hotel is very clean and well appointed. We booked the deluxe room as we were a family of three and found the room spacious, though the bathroom was too small for anybody but one at a time. The breakfast buffet which was included in the room price was terrific, though one morning there was an extremely long line waiting to be seated. The hotel is in an acceptable location if all the subways are working, which unfortunately was not the case when we were there! The London Bridge station is across the street from the hotel and would have been perfectly convenient if there had been service on the Jubilee line! Certainly not the hotel's fault.If you are really interested in the theater or Hyde park then this is probably not the most convenient solution for a stay in London.If you are interested in Borough market or the Tate modern museum then it is a great location. Looking at other hotels in London and their prices there is no question that the London bridge hotel offers a wonderful value for the price.	
Jan 5 2009 	Excellent once again	We have just returned home from a four night stay at the london Bridge hotel and once again are completely satisfied. All the rooms have now been renovated to a high standard and the buffet breakfast is second to none. It is in a great location especially from Gatwick airport as you simply take the train to London Bridge station and it is a two minute walk from the main entrance. Book through Alpha rooms or GTA hotels for a great rate and enjoy a wonderful stay at this excellent hotel.	
Jan 4 2009 	Ummm needs more staff training	We arrived after a journey from Scotland, complete with two large suitcases and hand luggage. Tired.Reception wanted to charge us slightly more for our New Year's Eve accommodation, but we got that sorted out. The directions to our room were dreadful. With our bags, there was no-one to help us with negotiating the two lifts, two swing doors and six steps. We needed a route map. No porters available.Breakfast was a shambles. The last time I had to stand in line for breakfast was at boarding school. The buffet was fair but as it was included in the price we had it twice in our five day stay.The location of the hotel is great for South East London activities (London Eye, Tower of London, London Dungeon, Tate Modern) and there are plenty of good restaurants around.	
Jan 2 2009 	Only one thing let it down ...	I would love to give this hotel a five because everything was going swimmingly well up until breakfast. We booked on the strength of the tripadvisor reviews and weren't disappointed with the room, location, the reception staff, or concierge. Book in was fast and efficient, conceirge recommended a great Italian restaurant which, considering it was new year's eve, we were very lucky to get in to and had a great meal. Our room was a deluxe double, with a really comfortable king-sized bed and more than adequate sized sofa-bed ready made up for our teenage son. Room was spotlessly clean, warm, and was a very decent size. Given the proximity to the underground and being right in the city on a new year's eve night we had a relatively peaceful night's sleep on the fourth floor.The disappointment lay in the following morning's breakfast. Firstly, it appeared there were too many guests and not enough tables and we had to wait about half an hour in the corridor (along with many other guests) for tables to become free. The waitress then laid clean cutlery, cups, saucers, etc, on top of a dirty tablecloth covered with crumbs and stains from the previous occupants. We were also given their left over pots of jams and honey! The buffet queue grew pretty big and items ran out and were not replenished completely until there were no guests left to eat them. The selection of cereals, fruits, yogurts, and pastries was extremely poor. Cooked items were rather disappointing for such a good quality hotel. I appreciate it was new year's day, but we arrived at breakfast well within the requested time but the breakfast that we were so looking forward to was mightily disappointing and the quality and service really let the hotel down.Despite that, I would recommend the hotel heartily and if the breakfast is better when it's not a public holiday and the hotel is not so busy, then I'm sure it won't fail to dissapoint anybody.	
Dec 31 2008 	Friendly staff great value great location!	We got a fantastic deal on this hotel via Yeego. We stayed 5 nights just after Christmas.The hotel is very conveniently located: just next to London Bridge railway and underground station, which means west end in 10 minutes via tube and Gatwick airport in 30 mins (direct trains to Gatwick south terminal for about 10 pounds as opposed to the Gatwick express to London Victoria which comes to over 16 GBP). Buses are also available. Southwark cathedral is across the street and the walk along the riverbank to the Globe Theatre and Tate Modern is lovely.Our room was a standard twin: maybe slightly small (as standard in London hotels) but clean, equipped with TV, iron &amp; ironing board, trouser press, safe, minibar, and tea-making facilities (hidden away in a drawer to save space but replenished daily and clean). There is also complimentary wireless access to the internet in the room. If you prefer cable connection, you can borrow a cable from the front desk, against a small a refundable deposit. Breakfast is excellent. The breakfast area (lower ground floor) is pleasant, clean, and well manned. Cereal, fruit, yogurt, juices, and full English breakfast are available from the buffet (great scrambled egg!), together with bread and small pastries. Coffee and tea (the real things, not the stuff out of a dispenser!) are brought to your table, together with toast and a choice of jam, marmelade and honey. For those who like reading in the morning, the &quot;Times&quot; is also available for free (must get there early enough though!). One morning we had to queue for some time before we managed to make it into breakfast but that is a slight &quot;glitch&quot; that can occur if you have large groups of people rushing in all the same time and did not happen again anyway. The only thing that confused us was that for a couple of days room service folded our used towels so neatly they looked like fresh ones, although we had not left them on the floor for changing but put them on the racks instead, as we intended to use them again. The fact that this is the only &quot;negative&quot; thing I can say about our experience at this hotel speaks for itself.	
Dec 31 2008 	Enormous apartment	Stayed in one of the apartments next door to the hotel. The apartment was ENORMOUS, lounge, fully fitted and equiped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 1 ensuite and a house shower room. Not cheap but worth the money. The lounge had 3 settees, huge TV, desk, dining table and chairs and the kitchen had everything in it including enough crockery to host a party for 20.Location next to London Bridge station was perfect for getting in to central London and also for direct link to Gatwick which made travelling really easy.Went to Borough Market, around the corner, on Saturday morning but it was so busy it was difficult to see anything. Queues for the London Dungeon were huge but was nice to walk along the south side of the river.Had tea at the Wolsely in Piccadilly which was very disappointing, having looked forward to it for months.	
Dec 30 2008	Fab Highly recommended Hotel	I booked this hotel as six of us were going to a show in London between the 20th and 21st December. We were upgraded to Executive rooms as soon as we got there, by pleasant reception staff, which was a fab surprise. The beds were massive, the bedding/sheets really comfortable, and the extras like fresh apples and water in the room were a nice touch. The bathroom was nice enough but didn't really match the quality of the bedroom. The breakfast (which was included in the price) was very good, and the staff were great when told that my husband was a coeliac and cooked his breakfast appart from everybody elses. There was plenty of choice including fruit, cereals, colds meats and the usual English breakfast. Definately a hotel I would recommend, and one which we will be making sure we go back to in the near future.	
Dec 28 2008 	Best Breakfast!	took my Mom on her first trip to Europe and London was our first stop. We were exhausted after our intercontinental flight when we arrived at the London Bridge. Our room wasn't quite ready, so the concierge let me use his phone to call my husband and let him know that we had arrived safely. I had a calling card that refused to work and after many frazzled attempts, the concierge was kind enough to make the international call for me.We had a room with two, separate twin beds and we settled in immediately for a nap. The beds were comfortable and the white linens were immaculate. I liked the style of the hotel. The lobby and stairways have beautiful artwork and fresh flowers. Mom was very impressed. It was her favorite of the 3 hotels in which we stayed.Our favorite part was the breakfast! It was served in their Londonium restaurant and was a total oasis. Well-lit and elegant, the music and friendly chatter of silverware, lovely table linens, a french press of coffee for our table, tray with individual slots for each slice of toast . . . my Mom and I still dream of those breakfasts. Eggs done just right - light and fluffy. The only problem we had was the wi-fi was down temporarily during one of the days. Technology! Wi-fi was free though and the front desk staff was friendly. We booked our stay on hotelsclick and got a deal of $191 / night for a standard room with twin beds. Breakfast was included, but I'd have paid for it. The hotel is on the South Bank which is more of a financial district. The London Bridge tube stop was nearby and we took the tube everywhere. Great hotel.	
Dec 28 2008 	Best Hotel I've Stayed In Should Be 5 Star	We decided to have a trip to london for a long weekend break, this was the first time i had been to London and thought the Hotel was outstanding and Luxury.We stayed in a Standard Double Room, the room was lovely and staff was very polite. The view out the window wasn't the best but it didn't bother us.Breakfast in the morning was yummy and couldn't complain.I would deffinately recommend this hotel to friends and also would go back again and again :)	
Dec 21 2008 	Recommended - excellent value and excellent service	Main impression - very clean, well maintained and conscienciously cared for.Friendly, attentive and efficient staff. Good Englsh breakfast buffet in well maintained dining room.Excellent value. Will return!	
Dec 12 2008 	Very nice hotel and service	Clean rooms, nice staff, good breakfast. Near the thames river and london bridge station.	
Dec 10 2008 	Excellent City Centre Base - Great Hotel	We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of November 2008. Loved the hotel, great location, good sized room, we had a standard double on the second floor, it had a lovely kingsize bed and plenty of room - modern &amp; very clean. Some traffic noise could be heard at night but foam earplugs soon sorted that out . Great choice at the buffet breakfast. Located only a minute from LB station &amp; tube and just around the corner from Borough Market - a must if you're there Thursday ?, Friday or Saturday.Would definitely stay here again , when we're next visiting the capital - great value &amp; quality - We would thoroughly recommend the London Bridge Hotel.Steven &amp; Julie	
Dec 9 2008 	London Break Hotel	Just got back from a 2 day pleasure/buisness stay at this hotel. Firstly the hotel is very close to London Bridge Bus/Train/Underground Station , so transport is not an issue. The hotel was easy to find and is a pleasant building. A travel agent had booked the room for me and the price £189 per night did not include breakfast. My travelling colleagues had booked directly with the hotel and paid £70 less and breakfast was included. I though this was going to be an issue but the helpful manager agreed to include breakfast on both mornings. Breakfast was buffet and was reasonably good not the best I've had but not the worst either. We had chosen this hotel from these reviews and one that said it was close to the O2 Arena it is two stops away on the underground and was very easy to get to. The Thames Path is nearby and you can walk towards HMS Belfast , Tower Bridge , Tower of London quite easily from this hotel. We ate at O2 and in a different part of London , but we did have a drink that at the Borough Bar , which is part of the hotel but the bar nearest the Underground 'All Bar One' and this was a good bar. We also had a drink at Bunch of Grapes , which is behind the hotel and near Guys Hospital. The rooms in the hotel were fine by London Standards and a good size TV and space. The bathrooms were also fine, Tip take the plug out of the sink to make the water run away quicker. Didn't really meet the staff other than a brief check in and at breakfast. The manager was very helpful with the breakfast issue and checkout. This hotel is clean and modern and probably second to the City Inn at Westminster, where I have stayed at before. This is London and like all hotels a base for any visit. I would recommend this hotel especially for O2 and access to transport.	
Dec 9 2008 	great location	excellent hotel,good location being so close to london bridge station, and southwark cathedral. funky rooms and a great breakfast. a good oasis for city stays.	
Dec 9 2008	Four Stars for London Bridge	We went to the london for the frist time in half term and stayed at the london bridge, we could not fault the hotel, good staff, lovely rooms and as for breakfast as much as you could eat. We will be sure to book again.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for 3 nights and it was a great way to begin our trip to England. The hotel is a small botique hotel and very nicely done. The hotel staff was very helpful and took care of all details. We would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 24 2008 	Excellent	Very smart hotel in an excellent location. Very easy to find and close to underground. All staff greeted us with a smile and we felt welcome. The room was tastefully decorated and super-clean bathroom. Breakfast was superb and staff worked hard to ensure food was replaced and replenished as necessary. Would recommend this to my friends and anyone looking for a good base while in the city.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great Location!	i had Six nights in the London Bridge Hotel. Reception was friendly and helpful and cheerfully agreed to make arrangements for our very early morning trip to the airport several days later. The room was clean, but small, even by European standards. The en suite bathroom was perfect. Furnishings were new and had flat panel t.v.. The bed was a soft double, large enough for two adults. At night, the room was quite due from any outside noise. This place was very nice, and certainly a very good value despite the hefty room tariff. While the location was very good for sight seeing, I would recommend this hotel. Across the street from the London Bridge tube station - can get anywhere in London from this location.	
Nov 22 2008 	- Ten out of Ten!	My daughter and I have just returned from a weekend stay booked through RoomsNet.com and it's hard to imagine that for the price we paid we could have stayed anywhere better. The hotel is situated close to Southwark Cathedral and a very short walk from the tube and Borough Market.. Check in was straightforward, the reception staff (and all the others we came across) were extremely pleasant and helpful and our room was spotlessly clean with everything we needed - including air conditioning that actually worked! The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was excellent.. Breakfast, which was included in the price we paid, was served in the downstairs restaurant and catered for all tastes. Apart from hot drinks and toast which were brought to the table for you it was self-serve and there was a very wide range of items to choose from which staff constantly replenished.  We checked out on the Sunday morning but were able to leave our bags safely at the hotel until we were ready to leave in the evening.We certainly wouldn't hesitate to stay here again - the hotel's web-site gives a very favourable impression of its facilities and its staff and our experience found this to be justified.	
Nov 19 2008 	Excellent Hotel And Breakfast	I stayed here for one night on the 14th November 08. This hotel is very clean and very well decorated. I wanted one nights stay with an excellent breakfast and this is what I got. The services were very good and if anyone doesn't give this hotel at least an above average score then they've either got more money then sense or over fussy. You will like this hotel for a shot stay in London and all the sites are very close to it. I was impressed.with my stay. Taylor	
Nov 17 2008 	Worth a 4... for sure.	I wanted to write a review for this Hotel because I thought the current 3 rating was a little harsh. Whilst I wouldn't necessarily give it a 5, a 4 is definately a fairer representation, I would say.Firstly, I would say all the usual requirement boxes were checked:*Comfy bed* Modern &amp; Clean bathroom.* Modern decor in bedroom.* Flat screen satelite tv etc.However, I have three (main) pro's for this hotel...1.) Great Central Location... very close to London Bridge Tube Station, making all other tube stops easily accessible.2.) Room we stayed in seemed to be well sound proofed, quite crucial given the close proximity to the tube line. I am a very light sleeper and I was not distrubed once in the night/morning at all.3.) Great breakfast... although I understand you normally have to pay for this seperately, ours was included as part of the deal for the room.RECOMMENDATION...We booked through &quot;LateRoom.Com&quot; and got the room at a competitive price compared to London Bridge's own website prices, our rate also included the breakfast, which would've been (as I recall) somewhere in the region of £15 per person... so is worth checking out this booking agent.Although, I would say its worth ringing on morning of your arrival (as I did) to confirm whether you have been allocated a double or a twin room. We wanted a double but had been allocated a twin room... as it happened there was no problem changing to a double room at late notice and there was no extra charge for this either. Just a point worth noting.	
Nov 15 2008	Careful with online booking and cancellation!!!	We booked a room at this hotel through their online reservation system. Unfortunately, we had to cancel our travel plans so I wanted to cancel the room as well. Four days prior to our planned arrival I canceled the room through the reservation system. As I haven't received any confirmation that the reservation has in fact been canceled, I tried to cancel it again. I immediately got a reply from the system, that the reservation has already been canceled so I thought everything was fine, even though I still had no e-mail confirming this. However, I got a phone call from the hotel the day after we were supposed to check in. I tried to explain the situation as there was clearly an error in the online reservation system but they still charged me for one night. So this might be a perfectly nice hotel but I will definitely never try to stay there again.	
Nov 13 2008 	Very nice hotel	Nice hotel. Arrived early and was offered a smoking room that was available (although we don't smoke) if we didn't want to wait until our room was ready. We waited 15 minutes until our room was ready. Pleasantly surprised by the quality of the room, Room 305, , plenty of hot water and fresh clean sheets. The view from the window was of London Bridge. Stayed just one night. Pleasant staff. Would stay again without hesitation.	
Nov 12 2008	Easy to find	Of all hotels we stayed in this was the easiest to find. We caught the train from Gatwick to London Bridge and the hotel is about 80 metres from the station - excellent when you are dragging luggage around!The room was spacious with a lovely bathroom and the staff were most helpful. An easy walk to the tube and also plenty of buses available at the station.Breakfast was included in tariff and was great, plenty of variety.We found a nice pub around the corner called &quot;A Bunch of Grapes&quot; and enjoyed a few excellent meals there. Friendly service and great atmosphere.Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel and Location	Date 31 Oct 2008We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on the Deluxe Package which was excellent value,room was clean and tidy with plenty of space complete with TV DVD and mini bar.On arrival our room was not available we were early but this was not a problem the concierge was called and our cases taken from us and kept until we arrived back from a trip around Borough Market which is only a 2 minute walk away and not to be missed.All the staff we came into contact with were fantastic and always had a smile on their faces,they are all very polite and seem to have been trained to a very high standard.Keep up the good work London Bridge Hotel we will return.	
Nov 6 2008 	quality hotel value for money	arrived late saturday night &quot;no problem&quot; quickly shown to room very clean very well presented had late evening out on return had to &quot;buzz&quot; to get back in good level of securityexellent full english next morning everything red hot and nothing too much trouble for the staffoverall a very pleasant experience would recommend it to anyone	
Oct 30 2008 	Disappointed	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the London Bridge. Before booking I did the usual searching through reviews and was satisfied that I was in for a treat!! A couple of weeks before we arrived, checked the reviews again and to be honest thought about changing to another hotel but didn't so here is my honest review. Check in was very smooth and we were given the card for entry to our room on the third floor. We were greeted with dust sheets all along the corridor, the smell of paint and workmen repainting the 'tongue and groove' boarding along the corridor. At no time during the booking process where we advised that decorating would be ongoing. Breakfast was OK but not really 4 star standard; cereals, croissants, fresh fruit salad (which was awful) the usual bacon, eggs, hash browns, baked beans, mushrooms, tomatoes. You could order boiled/poached eggs and omlettes at no extra cost. On our last morning we went for breakfast at 9.50 to find the door locked. We knocked and when one of the waitresses opened the door she advised us that breakfast had finished! We said it was not yet 10 am to which she replied 'have you forgotten the clocks went back last night!! We pointed out there was still at least 5 mins before breakfast finished and she offered her apologies for the confusion and let us in. There was no bacon left, just a few eggs, hash browns and tomatoes; no-one asked us if they could get us anything. I requested an omlette, due to the lack of anything else, and luckily this was available. On a positive note, the rooms are a good size and the bathroom is large with a bath.Stayed at the City Inn in September and, in my opinion, the London Bridge has a long way to go to reach their standards.	
Oct 29 2008 	Very Please With This Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and were delighted with this hotel. To date it is the best London hotel we've stayed in. Usually the rooms are like shoe boxes and you are lucky if you can walk around the bed, along with faded decor etc - no so with this hotel. The rooms aren't massive but we got space to spread outThis hotel is clean, we found the staff to be friendly and it is in a central spot right next to the tube. The hotel is undergoing some updating and yes there is a smell of paint, the corridors are quite narrow and so when the ladies are working on bedrooms you do have to step around carts, bedding etc.A previous review mentioned that you can be seated right next to other guests at breakfast and this is true. We didn't mind this in a morning but I would object if it happened at an evening meal. We found the choice of food for breakfast excellent and plentiful. 2 floors of the hotel seemed to be closed off for the renovations, it does concern me that in the future if the hotel is fully occupied it might be very crowded at breakfast. But we shall see as we will be staying here again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Absolutely loved it!	Thanks to all of the positive reviews this hotel received on Trip Advisor, we chose the London Bridge Hotel as the place in which to start our European holiday.We stayed here for 5 nights and couldn’t have been more impressed with the hotel, particularly with respect to location and price (for London). Feedback regarding he hotel:- beautifully appointed modern room with plasma television- large marble bathroom (shower over bath)- immaculately clean- extremely comfortable beds and pillows- the windows opened and, being one of the upper floors, there wasn’t too much noise (much to our surprise)- the buffet breakfast was absolutely fantastic and staff topped it up relatively quickly – from eggs and bacon to pastries, cereals and fruit. An absolutely wonderful start to the day.- 1 minute walk to the bus stops or train station- walking distance to central London (20 – 30 minute walk)- Internet available for a fee- had elevator, but rooms were just as easily accessible via the stairs- in room air-conditioning and heating controls- booking was handled directly with hotel and was fast and efficient, as was check-in- staff was very helpful and informative - food outlets (including restaurants) in the vicinity – but check their opening and closing times before banking on them!- it is a couple of doors up from a take-away food shop, whose rubbish is collected in a doorway which you walk past a lot, and it stinks. But only when you walk past – it doesn’t affect the hotelWe would definitely go there again. The London Bridge was excellent.	
Oct 26 2008 	very disappointed	arrived at 11 30 am too early to be checked in by the decidedly frosty reception staff, but we were prepared for this so we left our bags and went off to explore the area.Borough High street is not the most glamorous location in fact it's downright grotty. Returned to the hotel at 2 45pm to be told by the receptionist and I quote&quot; well we have only one room left, it's smoking, on the fourth floor and the painters are renovating up there at the moment so there will be a smell of paint but hopefully they'll be finished tomorrow &quot;. A simple welcome would have been so much nicer. When I said I would prefer something different I was told that she would have to check with house keeping. Eventually we were offered a room on the first floor rather grudgingly. The room was adequate; the first floor corridor was littered with dirty bed linen at 3 30 in the afternoon( this was already mentioned in another review, I should have paid more attention.) The room was small, the beds uncomfortable, the base of one of the beds extremely stained. For some reason housekeeping had left some cleaning sprays in the bathroom; not a big deal I know but on top of everything else really bugged me. Speaking of bugs one of the supposedly clean towels had a major bug squashed into it. I am trying guys to be positive but really the hotel did not make things easy. Earlier reviews mentioned in glowing terms the concierge! Well! I asked if he would reccommend a good place to eat lunch on saturday afternoon. He recommended a pub called the George on Borough High Street so off we went but imagine our horror to find, on reaching the pub that three police vans had got there before us and around twenty police men were running towards the pub as we were about to enter. This was turning into a black comedy at this stage. By the way there was no where to snack in the hotel unless you wanted room service and believe me the room was depressing enough without having to eat there as well. What the concierge failed to tell us (which we accidently stumbled on on our last day) was that there is a number of really nice cafes and a lovely pub near the globe theatre just to the left of London Bridge as you face it from the south side of the river. Why on earth were we not told this? Oh and by the way no bar in the hotel at weekends, at least not while we were there. the concierge was apparently not aware of this and when I told him the bar was closed he replied, and again I quote &quot; Oh is it !! &quot; One could have gotten a drink in the lobby. I use the word lobby very loosely, I really mean the little area in front of the reception and concierge desk, not exactly conducive to a relaxing nightcap. Oh and god forbid one needed toiletries such as shampoo and shower gel instead the only thing housekeeping left was cleaning spray. Really you had to laugh otherwise you would cry. I could tell you about the breakfast room where if there was only two of you the staff would place you right next to other poor unsuspecting couples, when I say right next to I really mean no gap between tables. Oh I could go on but I'll just leave things on this note; when we were checking out there was an elderly gentleman checking out before us. The receptionist asked him if he enjoyed his stay? The poor man seemed quite upset and said that he was on the fourth floor and was &quot;appalled at the smell of paint and the cables everywhere, very disappointed with the hotel&quot; What can I say London was wonderful as usual, ( we go at least once a year) wish I could say the same for the London Bridge Hotel but I can't. Next year we're going back to the Hilton Metropole on the Edgewear Road, streets ahead.	
Oct 26 2008 	Attentive staff.	Chose hotel for its locality near the Old Vic Theatre and then searched tripadvisor for reviews.I liked the hotel staff for being very attentive.Bed was springy and the room was well equipped and clean.Breakfast was more than filling, but beware that baked beans might be cool (not hot).	
Oct 24 2008 	Mostly good!	We were given Room 110 which overlooked some kind of air/con vent which made a constant noise. Luckily we brought along ear plugs! The bed had seen better days as it was lumpy. I wanted to request another room but my husband was exhausted from the 24 hour flight and was happy to stay put.Other than these problems the room was spotlessly clean, the concierges were friendly and helpful and the location was excellent.Word of warning though. The fish &amp; chip shop on the corner. Stay away! We ended up throwing our meals in the bin. But try Marks &amp; Spencers Simply Foods at London Bridge Station for the best sandwiches and salads.	
Oct 21 2008 	Enjoyable stay at London Bridge Hotel	My husband and I recently had a weekend trip to London on our way back from Paris. We very much enjoyed our stay at the London Bridge Hotel. We found the river-side location to be a delightful change from previous trips to London. We were impressed with the liveliness of the neighborhood, especially the Borough Market, which is nearly across the street. Our room was comfortable, with a lovely bathroom and superb television. Our view wasn't much, but we also didn't spend a lot of our daytime in the room. We found the breakfast to be delightful and were pleased that it was included in our room price. Well done.	
Oct 20 2008	Great hotel	The room was very nice. There was no view, but as we were not in our room much, this didn't matter. The location was great. The weather was beautiful while we were there so we were able to walk to the Tower of London, and also walk along the river in the evening as well as Boroughs market. I liked being away from some of the more crowded areas and yet it was so easy to hop on the Underground if we wanted to go to other attractions. Getting back to the airport on the Underground was very easy as well. I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed in this hotel between October 12 and october 18. I only have good things to say about this hotel!On arriving on the 12th, our room was ready and the check in was fast and very efficient. I stayed in this hotel with my girlfriend and were in London to see the city and everything that makes this city so great.The room was a superior double and had everything we needed. A very comfy bed, wish was excellent since everyday we came back to the hotel very tired of all the day's walks. Breakfast was also great, with a wide range of food, that helped get trough the day and only have light snacks at lunch.In terms of location, the hotel is situated opposite the London Bridge Station, wich also has a underground station that is served by 2 different tube lines. This was great for us, since from there we were able to get to everywhere we wanted in a short period of time. It was also great because we arrived in London via Gatwick and all we had to do was take an express train from Gatwick to London Bridge Station that only took us 15-20 mins.The staff was also very friendly and the concierge was excellent, helping us with anything we would need.To sum up, this is a great hotel ideal for some vacations in London. To some people this hotel might no be the ideal, since it's located near a business center and at night lacks any sorts of animation and even the restaurants aren't that many in the area. But if you are like me, and loves a quiet hotel to rest after a day of sightseeing, this is without a doubt a very good hotel for you to stay.	
Oct 16 2008 	First Class Service at London Bridge Hotel	This hotel is centrally placed for a numbet of attractions such as the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast and City Hall. It is two minutes from London Bridge Station, and represents really good value for money. The hotel is modern and decorated to a high standard. The bedroom was a good size with a large and comfotable bed and had plenty of wardrobe and bathroom space. The staff were all very friendly, helpful and efficient. The breakfast room was very busy on both days that we stayed, but the staff were very quick to clear tables, find space for people to sit, keep the breakfast buffet topped up and bring tea, coffee etc. There was a good selection of food for breakfast and the cooking was good. It was a most enjoyable stay and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 12 2008 	Not impressed	We were not overly impressed with this hotel. We had booked a non-smoking double room over the internet and arrived late on a Saturday night to be informed that the hotel was full and all that was available was a smoking twin. It was small and claustrophobic with extremely uncomfortable beds. It was very well equipped – but who needs two ironing boards and two irons, as well as a trouser press?? The hotel is not in a very convenient location for most of the tourist sights and would be pretty noisy with weektime trains. Breakfast was a basement buffet – nothing special, very expensive if not included in your room rate. Overall, a reasonably priced hotel and OK for one night but we would not return.	
Oct 10 2008 	Amazing Staff!	Amazing staff! London and the London Bridge Hotel was the last stop on our honeymoon. We arrived at the the hotel before check-in and were not only upgraded to an available suite but sent chocolates and fresh fruit from the manager. What a thoughtful man! The staff in general was wonderful. Very thoughtful and helpful. Loved the closeness to the London Bridge Tube station made it really easy to get anywhere, including, Heathrow. Unlike other reviews, we didn't have any street noise. There was no view, but, the beauty and comfort of the room far outweighed that. We would totally stay there again and highly recommend it!	
Oct 8 2008 	Style with a smileJ	This is a modern hotel just south of the river, close to Borough Market &amp; the attractions of the South Bank are only a few minutes away. London Bridge station &amp; tube are close so the other parts of London are very accessible.The staff are courteous &amp; approachable. We needed disabled facilities &amp; these were provided on request. Room Service was prompt &amp; the food was freshly prepared &amp; delicious. There is an in-house restaurant &amp; two others associated with the hotel close by.Our overall experience was excellent. We were sorry we could not have stayed longer &amp; have already booked a return visit.	
Oct 8 2008 	Excellent Hotel	When arriving at the hotel we were greeted very professionally and courteously by the reception staff. The rooms were very clean and quite spacious for a London hotel. I was disappointed upon seeing the room as I had requested a room with a river view, upon querying this with reception they quickly (within 5 mins) offered another room, which unfortunately still did not have a river view however did appear slightly more spacious. The hotel was situated right next to London Bridge underground which made it very easy to get to and from. The hotel also included a superb cooked breakfast each morning - however was a little disappointed on the last day as breakfast started at 0700 and we had to leave by 0630. We would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Oct 7 2008 	Quality Professional Establishment	Booked this hotel based on its location and previous reviews. Greeted by polite professional staff at reception. Room small but well presented, think professional rather than homely, with a well equiped bathroom. Breakfast in the basement with a good selection and, dare I say again, polite professional staff. The hotel is conveniently located by London Bridge Station and London Bridge and a nice walk along the Thames to Tower Bridge. But, if I had to find a fault, the location is also its downfall. Being by a mainline station the area around the hotel is, for want of a better word, naff. You're not getting a room with a view. But this is a minor quibble. If I was staying in London again I would definately choose this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Concierge and Location are Excellent	We stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night. Our flights got switched around so we arrived at the hotel early in the morning instead of closer to the afternoon check in time. My friend and I both looked worse for wear, but when we got there we were told we could leave our luggage but they wouldnt check us in before the check in time of 2:00. Now after being on an international flight for 8 hrs, then hauling your luggage to figure out what platform the train station you need is on and riding that scary thing was quite the experience. We were hoping that they would find a room for us, but the front desk, had no intention of even checking to see if they could work that out for us. HOWEVER.. although the front desk is sadly lacking in customer service and friendliness, the Concierge is amazing! I cannot begin to tell you how many times we bothered them and asked questions and had them do things for us and they did so without complaint. They were the utmost friendly and so helpful it made me feel bad for asking them to do what they do. There were two men in particular that helped us. I wish I had gotten their names as I do intend to write the hotel and let them know how amazing they are and that the front desk could take some tips from them. An older gentleman.. not old by any means, just older.. gray haired shorter man and another younger man with brown hair and glasses.. very very helpful. They told us exactly what stops to go to for what sites, what type of tickets to buy at the underground so that it saved us money.. they were just extrememly helpful. The room was good. the beds were comfortable, but it was hard to sleep with the bar next door because we were there on Friday night so the music was loud.. but overall, it was a very good experience with this hotel and if I ever had the desire to go back to London (which I dont) I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 2 2008 	A great place to stay	My husband and I stayed at the London Bridge for 6 nights on our first visit to the UK. It was handy to transport and within walking distance of several of London's big attractions (eg Tower of London, Tower Bridge).It was clean and comfortable, breakfasts were great.We found the staff very helpful, and the Concierges were all friendly and very able to give assistance.All in all, it was a great place to stay and gave us a wonderful introduction to London. We would certainly stay there again.Sue and Geoff, Brisbane, Australia	
Oct 1 2008	Very disappointing	We managed to get a good deal for one night through alpharooms and were looking forward to staying here after reading the reviews. However, we must say that we were most disappointed. Upon arrival we were allocated a room on the first floor. Walking along the corridor to the room, we had to dodge all the cleaning trolleys and dirty laundry piled everywhere. Bearing in mind that we didn't check in until gone 4pm we did not expect to see this (especially as the hotel is not that large). On arrival at our room we discovered that we had been allocated a smoking room when we specifically requested a non-smoking one. We returned to reception where we were told that no non-smoking rooms were available as they were either taken or waiting to be cleaned. We told them that we were not happy with this and after a discussion with the manager we were allocated an upgraded room on the top floor. The room wasn't much bigger than the normal rooms so not entirely sure what warranted the extra cost and it didn't look like it had anything extra from what we had seen in the standard room. Everything was ok with this room until 6.30 the next morning when, after being woken by a loud humming noise right outside our window, we discovered that the vent from the hotel's restaurant was situated right outside our window. After sampling the hotel's breakfast (which thankfully was included in the room price as it wasn't worth the price they demanded otherwise) putting up with the noisy vent all morning was so not worth it. All in all, we chose the hotel for it's easy access to the tube line for the 02 which is the only thing it truly lived up to. The rest of it was very disappointing and we won't be returning.	
Sep 29 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for 2 nights, we thought the hotel was excellent, the rooms were small but had everything you needed. Location was good, a 2 minute walk to the underground and you are just a few stops from Westminster and Bond Street. If you get a daily ticket it just costs £5.60 for day. The breakfast was also good, kept us going for the day. We will definitely be back in this hotel for us next trip to London.	
Sep 24 2008 	Read the fine print on the Website if you can	Booked an Executive King room for 4 days based on the glowing review from Tripadvisor. My experience was less than satisfactory due to the following problems:1. The newer wing where Executive and Deluxe rooms are cannot be reached by the elevator in the lobby. Customers must take the lobby elevator to the first floor, drag luggage up half a dozen steps, round a corner, up a few more steps before reaching another elevator to go to their deluxe or executive rooms. Alternatively, customers could use the elevator from a back door near the Gym if you could get it working with your room card. All the time we were there, our card was not be able to call the elevator down even when it was sitting empty from just one floor above.2. Our room rate included free internet connection. The connection password was good for only 24 hours. Everyday we had to ask for a new one and those provided did not work half of the time.3. The service at breakfast was slow and inefficient. The line was long waiting for the hostess to check names, mark on printout list, guide guests to their seats, go get coffee and toasts before taking care of the next guest. 4. Make sure you know what is free and what is not. Read the fine print on the Website if there was any to read. The hotel charged us extra for local calls even though the Website said local calls are free. When we protested the extra charge, first the hotel clerk denied that the room rate includes free local calls. Contacted a manager, he said local calls were not free if calling to a cell phone. The hotel Website did not differentiate that fact. I think we did not receive fair value for our money as the rate was more than 400 bucks a night.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the London Bridge for 4 nights in Aug. It is very near to the tube station which makes access to the hotel very easy from anywhere in the city.Breakfast was good and the concierge was very helpful. Room was a little small (this is Europe though) and the bed was a little uncomfortable. The area was a little quiet at night because it's located in the business district but with easy access to the tube it didnt matter.	
Sep 11 2008	London Bridge Hotel Highly Recommended	I stayed here with my elderly mother who is not very mobile and it was ideal. Close to the station. Selection of restaurants attached to the hotel - all lovely food and ambience and one of them with an excellent pianist in the evening. Also other restaurants and bars in the same street. Hotel itself very nice, well run clean and a good breakfast. The staff are very friendly and helpful and also an excellent source of local information (even down to sorting out a problem immediately on our arrival when my mother - a diabetic - realised she had left her medication at home). It was really the best place I could have gone to with a semi-mobile mother in her 80's and I (in my 50's) enjoyed it too. Local market very good. Ideal for Tate Gallery and South Bank (Hayward gallery etc). Would like to stay there again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Best in London	I travel to London about 3 times a year and this is the best hotel I've stayed in by some distance.It's in a great location (round the corner from Borough Market) by the South Bank.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful; the room, which was funky and spotless, was huge by London standards; the breakfast was excellent.I will definately stay here again next time I'm in London.Bob	
Sep 2 2008 	Perfect base for sightseeing	Having stayed in London on 4 previous occasions for sight seeing weekends we were very pleased with the London Bridge Hotel after reading the high rating of tripadvisor reviews. Our previous stays were at several of the thistle hotel group and the Russell hotel - these were OK but poor in comparison to this hotel.I requested a twin bedded room as I was travelling with my daughter, we booked via expedia who were offering the best rates (£110-00 without breakfast). The hotel was situated further away from the theatres and central attractions than previous hotels we have used but it was well worth staying here. We arrived at 14:15hrs and our room was not ready, (should have been ready for 14:00hrs), so we unfortunately had to wash and change in the public toilet and leave our luggage with the concierge as we were told it may take another hour. That was the only down side. The room had been meticulously cleaned and the standard room was much better than we expected - not at all necessary for anyone to upgrade. I will definately return later this year and will try breakfast next time, (£9-95 per person).	
Sep 2 2008 	The London Bridge Hotel - AAAAA*****	Anyone who didn't have a good experience of this Hotel must have caught them on a bad day! We have just had two nights stay and everything was excellent.We had previously asked for an early check in if possible. Nothing was promised because, we were told, it was dependant of the availability of rooms, although it had been explained we could leave our luggage with the concierge if the room wasn’t ready, as we had to be at the O2 by 2:00 pm. When we arrived at 11:40 am, the receptionist checked us in and handed us our key straight away - the room was ready. We were in 317, third floor. The room was certainly big enough for the two of us, (I sometimes wonder what do some people want when they say the rooms are 'too small'?), and the bed was enormous and very comfy. The room was immaculately clean and very well equipped (good size flat screen TV, full size iron and board, hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities, mini bar, etc.) and very nicely decorated. And another great thing about it? - it was quiet! I had noticed we overlooked the back of London Bridge Road from our window (and could see the top of the 'Gherkin') and could see mainline trains passing behind the buildings opposite, which worried me a little - but we couldn't hear them. There was a little noise at night from guests in adjacent rooms and passing along the corridors, but in comparison to other hotels we have stayed at in London and elsewhere it was amazingly peaceful!The full breakfast in the Londinium restaurant was also great - set us up nicely for the day ahead. All the staff were cheerful and very helpful.The hotel's position near the Tube and Rail stations, Southwark Cathedral, Borough Road Market and, of course, the Thames makes it easy to get to and an excellent base for touring. We also found a great Italian restaurant, the Strada, whilst walking along the side of the Thames towards Tower Bridge from London Bridge.All in all a great hotel at a very reasonable price which we (me and my husband) would recommend without reservation to anyone. We are looking forward to the next time we visit London and will definitely book a stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.	
Aug 31 2008 	loved the hotel	we dont normally write comments but feel that the london bridge hotel is of an exceptional high standard. the reception staff were truly professional and nothing was too much trouble .the concierge is a mine of information a pleasure to speak to.the cleaning staff were faultless. the dining room and breakfasts were superb we used this hotel for our base to visit the attractions plus the theatre for the lion king and is well positioned for our plans. we will with out hesitation use this hotel again	
Aug 28 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	My wife and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel with our eight year old daughter for a couple of nights over the recent bank holiday on a sightseeing trip to London.Although we stopped by tripadvisor.com to read other peoples positive opinions before booking, we wanted to write another review to say again how great this hotel really is.On arrival we were greeted by a couple of extremely happy and welcoming members of staff at reception....always nice after a long day of travel. We were immediately upgraded from a standard double room to one of their deluxe double room as we booked in a couple of hours earlier than the permitted 2PM check-in time. Our daughter was allowed to sleep in the same room at no extra charge and she also enjoyed the included breakfast each morning again for no extra charge. We requested a rollaway bed for her but promptly cancelled it after entering the room after finding a huge kingsize bed waiting.The room was very clean and very well decorated with beautiful fixtures and fittings - everything was furnished and finished to a very high standard. A high ceiling and a large, long window ensured the room didn't feel too cramped and air conditioning was a nice plus as the city can feel a little muggy - even if it hasn't been a blazing summer.More about the breakfast....they have a good selection of hot a cold foods - Continental and English on a help yourself buffet-style basis. Tables were nicely placed and we were greeted each morning by cheerful restaurant staff, seated immediately and offered tea and coffee and toast. The food was topped up/replaced frequently ensuring a full selection was on offer no matter what time you turned up between 7 and 10am. The breakfast was an extremely nice way to start the day and not to be missed especially if you have it included as part of your booking.People are right to say that the hotel is well positioned for exploring London. Although tucked away, it is right outside the bus station side of London Bridge Station (not that there was any noise nuisance), with one change on the tube at Waterloo (take the Jubilee Line Westbound and then the Bakerloo Line Northbound) you are in the heart of the West End in no time at all. We booked one of those London Tour Bus trips and as the London Dungeon stop is just around the corner, we managed to save the cost of a few tube rides back to the hotel at he same time!The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable....don't be afraid to ask...the hotel was happy to securely store all of our bags until the end of the day after checking out in the morning.All in all, a great trip topped off with a very pleasant stay at the London Bridge Hotel....we could have stayed longer and will be returning in the next few months.Kai &amp; Lisa.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Stay	We booked our room via Skoosh and this cost £86 including breakfast on a Saturday night during bank holiday weekend.The hotel was very easy to find from London Bridge station, literally a two minute walk. The room was clean, bright and a reasonable size. There was a nice modern feel about it and had air conditioning; flatscreen digital TV; free bottled water; mini bar and tea/coffee making facilities. There was also a fan, iron and hairdryer in the wardrobe, along with extra bedding.Our bathroom had a bath with a overhead shower. Shampoo, soap and shower caps were provided (though no conditioner for those who need it!).Breakfast was provided until 11am on a Saturday. It was a serve yourself affair with continental options and full english breakfast options. Coffee/tea and toast were brought to the table as requested. We thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast. I noted that if we had not included breakfast in our booking it would have cost £14.95. All in all, we were very pleased with our stay and thought for the location as well as the whole experience that this hotel offered great value for money.	
Aug 18 2008 	Comfortable accomodation in London	I spent a long week end in London, at London Bridge Hotel. The hotel website is truthful: no surprise both for the room quality and the service. Just in the heart of Southwark District, it offers a confortable accomodation both for leisure and for business. It is a recently refurbished hotel with the charme of an historical building, with a great location that allows you to move by train, by underground or on foot . The personnel is very cooperative and prompt in assisting you, also at 5.00 in the morning.Very good ratio quality/price, expecially if you can use a special fee as I did.	
Aug 16 2008 	A wonderful freindly and super efficient hotel	In my 45 years of work I have stayed in many London hotels. I can say quite simply this is the best I have ever used. I am sure that there are much more expensive hotels which meet this hotel's standards but for the price this is the simply the best.Charming helpful staffSuperb rooms with the little extra touches which one would expect from much more expensive hotelsGreat food freshly cooked and HOT ( even room service meals)and very important for me personally - air conditioning that really works and really CAN be controlled within the roomI would be surprised if anyone was disappointed by this hotel	
Aug 16 2008 	Clean Nice and Great Location	I greatly enjoyed this hotel. I stayed three nights with a friend of mine for the weekend. We were in London to get every attraction that my friend wanted to see. We flew in from London City and it was easy to take public transportation to this hotel. Rooms were like brand new. They were clean and a good size for a London room. There really wasn't anything I could complain about this room. Even the bathroom was a decent size and we actually had room in it to move.If you can get a good deal (for London) try to get this hotel. The tube is right across the street and you are very close to all the big things to see by either walking by the river or taking public trans. The staff was very nice and helpful and felt like a pretty safe area overall.	
Aug 15 2008 	Fantastic hotel and location.	Stayed at London Bridge hotel for 2 nights with family including 2 children aged 13 and 12 years.Excellent location 2 minutes walk from tube station yet quiet at night allowing a good nights sleep.Rooms were very clean,good beds and en suite.Breakfast was excellent with good choice on both hot and cold plates.Friendly attentive staff.Best hotel I,ve stayed in in several visits to London.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Hotel -ideal location	My Husband &amp; I have just come back from our second stay at this hotel -with another 2 booked later in the year.The facilities are excellent &amp; it s good value for money.Ideal location for the O2 arena &amp; central london.We used room service a couple of times -a good experience which is unusual for london hotels !The staff were friendly &amp; helpful.We booked online &amp; got a good rate through the hotel's own website.	
Aug 12 2008 	The perfect city stay	Having worked in two of the top three hotel management schools in the world for the last twelve years, I'm probably what is termed a demanding customer... However, my stay at the London Bridge Hotel was a sheer delight from the moment I walked in the door till waving goodbye to the concierge. The welcome and guest service in general was relaxed, very friendly and efficient, the rooms tasteful, quiet and with beautiful beds and bathrooms, the breakfast buffet a succulent range of fruit, cereals as well as the ubiquitous cooked breakfast and, of course, the location couldn't be better. All this in an inner city hotel is doubly impressive. Many thanks to the staff at the London Bridge Hotel and keep up the great work!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Modern clean comfortable and great location	We booked this hotel through GTAHotels.com and got a fantastic rate of £90 for a twin room with breakfast. Without repeating too much of what other people have said, the hotel staff were friendly and polite, as was the concierge. Our first room was on a smoking level (a mistake by the hotel) and they changed our room in less than 2 minutes! Rooms are small but very modern with trendy artwork, and very comfortable beds. Nice Miller Harris toiletires and magazines - we had In Style! We had a small problem with our sink which was rectified within 5 minutes of our phonecall to reception. Superb service! Its just around the corner from the tube station and a stones throw from Borough Market. The dining room is classy and softly lit - always good for the morning following a late night! Breakfast was great. We chose this hotel for its proximity to the o2 arena. Highly recommend it!	
Aug 11 2008 	Fantastic hotel	Can’t fault this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Great location, comfortable modern rooms, fantastic breakfast, friendly staff, superb value for money – this hotel is definitely my hotel of choice in London.	
Aug 9 2008 	A wonderful stay at the London Bridge	Last weekend my partner and I went to London for a break and also got married. (just the two of us and a couple of witnesses)We booked into the London Bridge the day before we were due to get married and found that kindly they had upgraded us to a luxury room with a super king bed, champagne, fruit and chocolates, what a lovely surprise!Everything else about the London Bridge was excellent too, clean, comfortable, delicious breakfast and friendly staff. We will definitley be returning again on our next trip to London.	
Aug 7 2008 	Clean comfortable and friendly	Very good location 2 min. walk from the tube station. While the room was not very big it had all the luxuries being very clean and comfortable with all the facilities. Staff were very friendly and I found breakfast a treat which set me up for the days sightseeing.Lots of places to eat and drink at night all within 15 minutes walk along the Thames river side. Highly recommended for quiet comfortable clean place to stay. I intend to return for future trips.	
Aug 7 2008 	Superb Hotel	This hotel is ideally situated for the 02 arena, just across the road from London Bridge Station. It has recently been refurbished to a high standard. The rooms are modern and well equipped with safe, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, tea and coffee making facilities, minibar, air-conditioning and large lcd tv. The room was spotlessly clean and quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable. Breakfast was a buffet style, with a vast and plentiful array of food. This really set us up for the whole day and we didn't need to eat until the evening. The only down side I would say was the price of drinks at the bar, but this is to be expected in London hotels and there are plenty of bars, pubs and restaurants within walking distance along the south bank of the river if you prefer. I would defintely stay at this hotel in future if I was visiting London, you feel like you are out of the hustle and bustle of Central London without being too far from all the attractions. Highly recommended and very good value for money.	
Aug 6 2008 	Lived up to its rating	No6 on Trip Advisor at the time, so couldn't believe it when I found it nearly came within budget. Comfortable rooms (and a little more spacious than normal in London!). Good gym facilities, good for travel South (I commuted to Croydon). Food excellent. Much better than hotels I stayed in when tied to the Hyde Park area. Only downside is that it isn't easy to find (coming out of Underground)- shopkeepers hadn't heard of it!	
Aug 6 2008 	Fantastic hotel great value	This hotel is of a superb standard. The rooms were lovely, comfortable and clean. Lovely toiletries and a good range of magazines, robes and slippers added a touch of luxury that was much appreciated.Breakfast was excellent with a good range to choose from and well replenished throughout the morning. Staff were friendly, efficient and welcoming. We will definitely stay here again and have been highly recommending it to others!	
Aug 5 2008 	The Best Place for relaxing holidays	I think that London Bridge Hotel is the best hotel in town. It is friendly hotel with a good location. Comfortable rooms with tea and coffee facilities. Excellent breakfast in a fantastic atmosphere. I recommend this hotel to everyone without any doubt!	
Aug 5 2008 	very handy	We found this hotel to be very clean and comfortable. When we first checked in we found the room assigned to be extremely small, we found that 2 suitcases took up all the floor space in the room when standing upright! We requested a larger room, and within 15 minutes were given a larger room which was just perfect for a 5 day stay. The beds are extremely comfortable, the location is quiet, even though beside a railway station, and the breakfasts are substantial. Not much of a view though!I would recommend this to anyone who wants to be close to the City, the Globe theatre, or Guys Hospital.	
Aug 4 2008 	Could have been better for 4 star hotel	We booked this hotel for a two night stay to go to the Motor Show and Kylie at 02. Upon check-in we were allocated a room in the &quot;new wing&quot; on the second floor which we thought would be of benefit to us! Sadly this involved a long trip with heavy bags as the lift didn't go to the second floor of the new wing. The room was very modern but our view was sadly over the nearby Tower Bridge station and was very noisy - we thought we might get a river view but no. I ordered a morning newspaper which didn't show on the first morning and enquired at reception who said that they would get it sorted and wouldn't charge me. By the same evening the newspaper had still not arrived and by the next morning that day's paper didn't arrive either which was a big disappointment. The breakfast was quite limited and it was situated in the smallest room ever. Both mornings we were sat virtually on top of the next tables which is a little bit close for comfort first thing in the morning with people you didn't know. The location of the hotel was good to get on to the Thames Clipper boats and to the tube station. All in all we were very disappointed with the hotel and thought that a 4 star hotel would have given better service and we won't be staying there again.	
Aug 2 2008 	Excellent Service 	This has to be one of my favourite hotels. The staff are excellent, always smiling, always willing to help and the hotel is just perfect.The rooms are impeccable, clean, and roomy enough unless of course you expect to play American football in your room. Please remember this is a hotel and not your back garden (yard).This time I was fortunate enough for an upgrade and for that I am thankful.The check-in was quick and stress free.The check-out was the same and for that I am grateful.The hotel has an excellent location next to London Bridge main line and underground station giving easy access to London and the surrounds.Borough Market is a 5 minutes walk and once again a great place to wander and later people watch with either a nice coffee or beer.Would I stay again - YES.Would I recommend - YES	
Jul 31 2008 	Nice hotel in great location	We have just spent a night in the London Bridge Hotel after watching Kylie at the O2. Stayed on the 5th Floor in a superior double which was really nice, smallish but nicely furnished and decorated and perfect for rail and underground connections.Public areas were good and breakfast service and food very good. Had a problem with the safe but swiftly and pleasantly dealt with by concierge / front desk.Didn't spend long enough in Hotel to give it 5, and reserve that anyway for very very special hotels (like the Park City), but will definitely stay here again if I need to be in central London.	
Jul 31 2008 	a treat	a great hotel everything was perfect	
Jul 30 2008 	great hotel good value	great hotel. I stayed here with my mum for two nights in July this year either side of a holiday to France. Hotel is in great location near London Bridge railway station - but no station noise. Good area to walk around and see the main London sights - River Thames, Tower Bridge etc. We had a good twin room, but when we found that the in room safe was not working we were immediately moved to a more spacious room with many apologies from the hotel staff.Quiet location but handy for taxis at the station. On the first morning of our stay we left very early in order to go on holiday so the hotel gave us a packed breakfast as breakfast was included in our online rate. The next time we stayed we made the most of our included full breakfast which was really nice.We booked online on the hotel website and paid just under £120 for both of us for a nice room with full breakfast.I have stayed in London many times through work and this hotel is nicer and less expensive than many others that I have stayed in.Hotel staff very friendly. Food at the Georgetown Malaysian Restaurant at the hotel was excellent with friendly service.Room was very modern with flat screen tv, modern soft furnishings etc. Bathroom was clean with good quality shampoo, shower gel etc.We would definitely stay here again due to good service, good rates and quality hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	Good hotel - if you get a good room	First room I was in had a broken window and was right next to some sort of ventilation shaft. I asked for a different room, but the night staff told me the hotel was full and tha they would send someone up to shut the window. 45 mins, one porter and one night manager later the window still didn't shut and magically there was another room available. So I was moved. From that point onwards no complaints; in fact apart from the above - the hotel was very good.	
Jul 26 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Cannot speak highly enough of The London Bridge Hotel. Our room was delightful, the service was brilliant and the breakfast was superb. Stayed for three nights in July and wished it was longer!!! Thanks to all staff.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great stay	Check in was bit slow but due to annoying guests more then hotel staff, The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was really nice with a good bathroom and the bed was so comfortable. The breakfast was good but not great. Location was excellent, near the sightseeing bus or london bridge underground. We loved the walk along the southbank.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Stay at the LBH	Found this hotel through Hotelsclick.com. What a great price. Hotel is in a very convienient location. Borough market was close by, as well as many other London sights. The London Bridge tube station is just a stone's throw away. There are also many taxis right out front of the hotel. Even though the hotel had a fabulous breakfast included in the price, there are many other place to eat nearby. The post office is right around the corner as well. The room was cozy and quiet. It also was a little small, but in Europe that is the way it is. We stayed for 3 nights before a Mediterranean cruise. Would stay here again. A very nice staff as well.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great location great hotel	We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for one January weekend back in 2006. I would definitely stay at London Bridge Hotel again. actually I would say it's a real find.+ Great location, 5 minutes to the underground+ Nice &amp; well kept room..comfy beds.+ Clean bathroom- Poor service. Or then we were just unlucky. Service at the reception definitely below average.	
Jul 19 2008 	Terrible Bed!	Stayed here with my partner before flying out from Gatwick on holiday. Location great as we were able to catch a direct train from London Bridge station (just across road from hotel) to Gatwick.Check in was fine, as was the small well-equipped room, although bed sagged in the middle so we kept rolling into each other! Room was on 2nd floor and we were awakened really early in the morning with the noise of workmen and traffic so make sure you get a room on a higher floor or at the back of the hotel. The room was also very warm and stuffy all night despite us turning the aircon temp as low as it would go.We had dinner with friends in the Malaysian restaurant in the hotel. While the food was delicious, and service excellent, the atmosphere was a bit clinical and the bill was pretty high (nearly £200 for the 4 of us having 2 courses each plus 2 bottles of red house wine).All in all, while this hotel is good value for money in a good location, I don't think I'd stay here again as I didn't enjoy a good night's sleep given the bed, the noise and the heat.	
Jul 17 2008 	excellent value and service	Stayed here for a weekend in July,2008.Excellent value for bed and breakfast,very friendly ,yet efficient staff.Good location for tube station and easy access to the city via the walkways along the Thames.You should visit Southwark Cathedral,across the road,where there is always something on.The Borough Market,next door is a blaze of colour on a Saturday morning.We would also recommend buying a River Rover ticket to see London from the river,whilst stopping off at the O2 stadium and the Greenwich Observatory.All in all a great base to work from,and amazingly quiet considering its location.	
Jul 17 2008 	Love the London Bridge Hotel.	We have now stayed at this hotel 3 times and love it. We recently celebrated my daughters 18th birthday and I chose to take her to London for the weekend , she also thought the hotel was good.The hotel is easy to get to, staff are friendly, food lovely, and the rooms are spotlessly clean, also it is one of the smaller hotels of which appeals to me. We are returning again in September for yet another daughters birthday.	
Jul 14 2008 	The best deal in London	This is a real find. Clean, comfortable rooms with flat panel TV. Very helpful staff and a good restaurant. Within two blocks of two underground lines and across the street from a rail terminal. Just a short walk to the south bank of the Thames where there are lots of neat restaurants and shops. This hotel would be a bargain at twice the price.	
Jul 14 2008 	Decent London Hotel	London Bridge Hotel is well served by both the London Underground and British Rail (probably too by bus, but we did not use any buses to substantiate this comment), and is less than a 5 minute walk from the Underground/train station.We checked in a little early (about 13:00), and there were no no-smoking rooms available at the time, but one was reserved for us for later in the afternoon. We left our case with the concierge without a problem.We returned to the hotel at about 17:00, and the room was now available. We were told we had been upgraded to a Superior room (maybe because of the earlier room unavailability?) While the room didn’t seem especially superior, it was very well appointed: robes, slippers, iron and board, complementary still water, toiletries etc. The one complaint we had was the noise from a generator (or air con unit) outside the window, however with the windows closed this became only a low hum.We returned to the hotel at about midnight, and the residents bar was still open, and had a wide choice of drinks available.The bed proved to be very comfortable.Breakfast was self-service. There was a wide variety of cereals, fruits, breads and traditional Full English fare. Our only complaint with breakfast was that the eggs were not free-range – I would expect a four-star hotel to be offering the best quality products on the market.It’s a hotel I would stay with again, providing the price was right, as it was clean and well located and you can’t ask for more than that!	
Jul 13 2008 	Average	Excellent location and easy to get to most central London spots. Room was clean, although room was not serviced til late - 6pm on last day. Beware bar fridge - you cannot use it for your own food items as its connected to a computer that charges you if you take anything out for more than 30 seconds. Reception and concierge service was below average. We stayed in 6 hotels in Europe and this one had the worst service.	
Jul 8 2008 	Room 101	The hotel is generally nice. There are ample things to do on the south bank and you can get a boat / water taxi from london bridge pier (5 mins walk) which will take you up to Embankment with ease. of course the tube is on your doorstep at london bridge station which is also very convenient.The public areas are very well presented, the dining room very pleasant, room service delivers huge portions and all the staff are very friendly especially the concierge.We were in a deluxe family room which was very large, the bathroom slightly small in comparison to the room. We were in Room 101! It is positioned directly above an entrance to the rear of the hotel which i think is the service / staff entrance. There was a lot of noise from people and delivery vans from 4.30am onwards which disturbed our sleep. In addition the air conditioning didnt work making it very warm. This was reported to reception so hopefully it will get fixed.However, if you can avoid any noise and get a room with air conditioning, i would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 7 2008	Lovely small hotel in a great location	We spent a weekend at the London Bridge Hotel and found that it consistently met or exceeded our expectations. Service was impeccable from check in to departure, front desk staff and concierge went above and beyond to help when my husband became ill and needed a doctor to visit the hotel. Not only did they make all the arrangements--and had a physician there within an hour's time; but the concierge located a pharmacy that was open on a Sunday, called a taxi and arranged for the cab to wait as long as necessary for me to fill the prescription.The staff was concerned and friendly, making an upsetting situation as comfortable as circumstances would permit.The Georgetown restaurant was wonderful; delicious food, elegant, unhurried service...a most enjoyable dining experience.In-room wireless internet was provided at no cost, and the location was wonderful for exploring on foot, and close to the tubes for those who wished to travel farther.We look forward to our next trip to this lovely hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic!!!	just got back from a two night stay and couldnt be more impressed! it was mine and my husbands wedding anniversary. we checked in swiftly and easily. our room which on the 2nd floor, at the front of the building was very quiet considering where there hotel is. the room was quite small, but perfectly formed! modern and spotless, bathroom immaculate too! great location for walks along the south bank, tube 2 min walk. we found a great italian restaurant, called giuseppe's along borough high street and the chippy on the corner is spot on after a night on the town.breakfast couldnt be faulted either. lots of variety and staff at breakfast were happy and polite (been to lots of hotel where staff at breakfast are right miserable *****)as you can probably tell me and my husband had a great stay!	
Jul 6 2008 	Just what we wanted	My partner and I have just returned from an overnight stay at the London Bridge Hotel. It is virtually opposite London Bridge train station - excellent - not far to carry your bags. The reception staff were helpful and polite, the room was small but perfectly formed (nice decor, clean throughout and equipped with an ipod docking station, flat screen tv, super-efficient air con and complimentary mineral water. Breakfast was yummy and varied (good sausages for a hotel brekkie), although service a little patchy - they were very busy though. All in all a great location for exploring Borough market (go there on a Friday and Saturday for the yummy food stalls), the Tate Modern, London Eye etc etc (everywhere is accessible via walking, tube or the Thames Clipper service).We will definitely be returning!	
Jul 4 2008 	Amazing service in the heart of London	It was going to be the most expensive hotel, I ever stayed in (because of the US dollar versus the pound) and I was prepared to be disappointed. Everything about the hotel was wonderful from the first minute. We got there at 7am London timeand asked if we could leave our luggage. I explained that we had been up all night flying in. She went into the back and came out and said we could have our room then--she would upgrade us because we were staying several days and our room wasn't available. After a wonderful WONDERFUL unexpected nap (I don't sleep well on planes--), we started touring London.Breakfast was great. The attached restaurant was wonderful.Asking questions, I found genuine concierge's who helped us find everything from the best pub, to our car when we left London, to very very cheap daily parking for one night when we returned.And even more amazing was the elegant design of the rooms. Luxurious and not tacky--I've never been in a hotel like that before.	
Jul 3 2008 	GREAT London hotel will definitely go back	We booked this through Travelocity, and it was a fantastic experience for us. We hadn't been on that side of the Thames before, but it was less than a block away from both the Thames and the London Bridge Underground stop. We absolutely were thrilled - were greeted in an open, friendly manner by staff who actually seemed to care how we were, and who even upgraded our room without asking from a double to a King size bed. The breakfast, which was included, was the best we'd had in Europe - we were SO happy and unfortunately couldn't stop eating so were always full for lunch. Really good scrambled eggs, sausages, ham, potatoes, tomatoes, all sorts of cereals, croissants/danishes, juice, toast, and when you are seated you are promptly asked if you would like some tea or coffee for breakfast, and then it's promptly brought to your table. We LOVED that part of it.They have a concierge on duty all the time who will gladly help with any travelling or show plans. Although they are obviously not the most trained concierge (they seem to do double-duty as the bellman), they are so overly helpful and friendly that we were thrilled to have them.Loved the location too - right on the walking path down the Thames, if you follow the jubilee path from there toward Big Ben/Parliament house direction, you will happen upon these great old alleyways with lots of great pubs. Will definitely go back again...	
Jul 2 2008 	Great choice!	This was a mature girls' weekend stay in London and we got a hotel that really suited our needs. We are three generations: Granny, her three daughters and one granddaughter so it had to have a good location close to tubes, trains etc (yet it wasn't noisy.) There was plenty to see in walking distance, Tate Modern, bridges, HMS Belfast and museum etc and far more than we could fit in along with shopping. The hotel was tasefully decorated with a feeling of luxury without being out of our budget. Rooms very spacious and comfy beds. The restaurant food was absolutely delicious, I recommend the guinea fowl. Staff were friendly in every area, whether cleaning staff, porters, restaurant staff, concierge etc etc. It was my daughters birthday and when we asked the breakfast waiter if he had a birthday candle he could stick in a bread roll, he came out with a beautiful fresh fruit tart with a lit candle on top and this was despite him being very busy! There was nothing about this hotel we did not like and that included the price. For London, I think we did very well. Thank you London Bridge!!	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantastic View of London Bridge!	I stayed here for 1 night on the 30th May 08, the hotel was in a fantastic location on the Thames, upon opening my curtains in the morning i was greeted with a fantastic view of the London Bridge.The breakfast was very nice and all the staff were very helpful, we had an executive room, which was very modern and clean and had a plasma tv in it.Overall i would definately stay here again, and i would recommend it people to visit.	
Jun 24 2008	Excellent London Hotel	I needed to find a Hotel near London Bridge for an overnight stay as I was visitng nearby. THE LONDON BRIDGE HOTEL was perfect. I am usually weary of London Hotels as I have sometimes felt like a number rather than a guest, but that wasn't so here. All the staff were charming and the facilities were very good. The room (with air condiitoning) was excellent as was the bathroom and the beds very comfy indeed.It is situated next to London Bridge Station, but was very quiet and it was useful to be able to leave my case there the day I left and I just picked it up on my way back to the Station. It is also next to Southwark Cathedral and the wonderful Borough Market - London's best kept secret. It is a few minutes walk from the Thames and the South Bank - perfect for a Sunday morning walk. I will definitely book there again.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic location wonderful bed!	A lovely hotel in a perfect location. As an ex Londoner coming back to the city to see a show at O2, and an ex-hotel person I am fussier than most: I know London well. This hotel is in a superb location, with the best of London on your doorstep and excellent transport links to everywhere. Rooms are small but beautifully designed. Beds are to die for! Best night's sleep I have had in a hotel for ages - and I stay in quite a few on business. Check in flawless - terrific staff on the desk. Room immaculate. I noticed a ceiling section/tile was out of place (possibly someone checking air conditioning) in my room and when I mentioned it it was fixed immediately. Concierge was full of useful advice, information and humour. We laughed about the boat service to 02. When it works it's wonderful, but mostly it's chaos! Be warned if you are planning to use it for 02. (BTW the boats have nothing to do with the hotel. They are run by another company).Breakfast was very good but Sundays are very, very busy and I found the tables too close for comfort. This is a super hotel in a great location, run by smiling switched-on staff. I plan to stay there again. I think they're terrific.	
Jun 23 2008	Good hotel/Location okay	We split our stay in London into two different neighborhoods. We loved staying in Bloomsbury, but then we decided to try Southwark where the London Bridge Hotel is located. This is a very modern boutique hotel. In fact, the rooms resembled that of a former office building although I'm not sure if it truly was an office building formerly.We booked a deluxe double with sofabed as we were a family of three. The room (401) was a bit cramped and the flat screen TV was in an awkward position that one could bump into it from the side. The bathroom is modern but not as nice as the one at The Montague On the Gardens where we stayed prior. Also there was a bit of discoloration in the grout. However, there were lovely Miller Harris amenities provided which were great.We had a problem with this room as it had two windows, however, they were too high that one would not be able to look out. They were not at normal height in other words. The worst thing about the room for us at least was that it faced the train station. In fact, the hotel isn't only closeby to the London Bridge tube/train station it is directly across the street from it! Thus, room #401 faced the side that the trains entered and exited so the screeching noises from the trains were heard constantly even well into the night and early morning. This noise bothered us and interefered with sleeping so we requested a different room. Staff said that we'd have to wait for the following day and they'd move us according to what was available for our category.True to their word the following morning we were moved to the only available room and it was a suite. It was #331. The other deluxe double rooms were occupied. The suite was huge in comparison and had a dining table with chairs even. It was in an adjoining building that is accessible internally and was very quiet. It's actually above the fitness center. The screeching from the trains were not heard on this side of the hotel. Looking out the windows we could see the station entrance. The bathroom was very roomy and was all marble.The breakfast was included in the rates and was a full English. It was very nice. Again we had one morning where we needed to leave early (for Heathrow) and the staff were kind enough to pack us a takeaway breakfast that they actually brought to our room when we requested (5:15 a.m.). It was really nice and consisted of three fantastic pastries, yogurt, apple, banana, and orange juice.The hotel and the staff are very nice (well, one night concierge was not as friendly as the rest) especially Paul the head concierge and Gregory (asst. manager?) who helped us with our room issue.As far as the location apart from its proximity to the Tate and Millenium Bridge, well, we didn't care for it too much otherwise. In our opinion the immediate area is a bit rough. In fact, turning left from the hotel entrance and at the end of the street there is not a good atmosphere: some homeless and a few drunken people hanging from the corner basement bar. However, the area up by the tube/train station and behind by Hays Galleria was better.	
Jun 21 2008 	expected better from all of these reviews	We were looking forward to our stay given the high praise here on TA. We booked on the hotel website thinking we might get a better room location. Arrived to the hotel about 10:00 am from the US. No early checkin as requested. They said the hotel was full the night before so this was understandable. The spanish girl at checkin was excellent. Always consistently pleasant. Concierge was not overly helpful as stated here. We had a double deluxe room which was nice and roomy. Stay away from 321 or any rooms at the end of the hall near the housekeeping closets. You will hear the housekeepers making noise early in the morning. We rise very early in the morning so it didn't bother us. But, if you like to sleep in it may bother you. Also we had a view of the station in the back of the hotel and we could hear the trains screeching into the station even with the double glazed windows. The first night the air conditioning didn't work and maintenance was off duty. The concierge who's name starts with an A ,can't remember argued with me about &quot;this is the way it is.&quot; AC don't blow hot air! Anyway asked to be moved to another room. A said he would get back to us and never did. In the mean time we exhausted from our trip and fell asleep. The next morning went to the front desk and recv'd excellent service after complaining about the night before. A maintenance man was in our room within 10 min and fixed the problem. We came back to our room that day to find delicious chocolates and fresh fruit to congratulate us on our wedding anniversary which was very much appreciated. The second day housekeeping changed our very soft sheets to new scratchy ones. Asked that night for our sheets to be changed to soft ones as they felt horrible. Housekeeping was off duty and the front desk sent up two assistant managers who never smiled or apologized. They changed the sheets in complete silence obviously annoyed. They only uttered the same old party line &quot;That's the way they are.&quot; Breakfast and service was okay. The first morning we arrived late and they were not refilling all of the hot items. I didn't ask either. The coffee was some of the worst coffee I ever had and I love coffee. My husband would get me coffee in the neighborhood at the starbucks at the train station. I usually don't favor starbucks coffee here in the states because it often tastes burnt but it was declicious. The neighborhood is not the most attractive but we new that already and booked for the location to the bridges and Tower of London. The Riverwalk,The Market it's superb. The big red bus tour stops are close by and we did that while waiting for our room. It was a nice way to relax,see the sights to deal with first day tiredness from lack of sleep on the plane. You also get a ticket to use within 24 hrs for a river boat ride on the Thames. We used that the next day to go from Tower Pier to Westminster Pier as we had plans to see the Abbey which is an absolute must see. Pay a little extra and ask for the Verger Tour which is guided with a very informative guide. The cabinet war rooms were great for world war II history buffs. Underground bunker museum about Churchill and that period. Also see the Southwark Cathedral that is close by. A great chip shop is also on the corner. Ask them to fry you cod if it's not out. Prader and Manger around the corner were great for a quick salads and sandwiches. Always fresh and reasonably priced. Would I stay here again no, customer service was not up to par. tTere are too many other hotels and different beautiful locations in London worth seeing.	
Jun 16 2008 	Just okay	I stayed here for four nights earlier this month. My room was incredibly cluttered so much so that there was hardly any room to walk between the bed and the desk and the window.Breakfast was just okay. I asked for toast each morning and it was brought to my table either warm or cold. I told one of the waitstaff that it would be better if the toaster were out in the breakfast room so people could make their own.Location was fine but I still prefer the South Kensington area.	
Jun 12 2008	Great stay at London Bridge!	Booked London Bridge because of rating and reviews on trip advisor. Got a great rate through gta hotels and it was worth every penny! Hotel has great location, a two minute walk (maybe less) to the tube and rail staion. Great for us, as we were wanting to get to different area's of London in the same day. Room was a little on the small side, but this was expected (from reviews on t.advisor), very modern, very clean and had all amenities, iron, hairdryer etc.Staff were really helpful and the breakfast was amazing! Plenty of choice and very fresh!On waiting to check in we took a walk around the area and found a fabulous food market round the corner, Southwalk Market (I think) which is just not to be missed! It was just perfect for a leisurely stroll around the amazing stalls and to sample some great food and sights!Oh, and if you want fish and chips later on, there's a chippy on the corner that's great and when you ask for loads of salt and vinegar they do it! Smashing!	
Jun 10 2008 	Loved the Hotel	My wife and I stayed for 2 nights 24/25 May and found the stay very good, staff are very polite and helpful, room clean and very good choice of breakfast. Ideally situated for most amenities,London buses and river transport link service we recommend to use to get about.	
Jun 9 2008 	Absolutely Loved the London Bridge Hotel	I was extremely pleased with The London Bridge Hotel. I thought it was an excellent value for the money (though the exchange rate made it a little high for Americans). The room and bathroom exceded my expectations. They were large by London standards. Since the hotel is realatively new it was also very clean, beautifully decorated, well insulated from traffic noise and air conditioned.I would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 6 2008 	Very classy	My friend and I booked a twin room at The London Bridge Hotel for an overnight stay for the purpose of a concert at the O2 arena. ( Which was reached very easily on the tube a couple of minutes walk away) Although the room was fairly small, it was decorated and furnished to a high standard and contained everything you would need. The bed was super-comfy. The room had tea and coffee making facilities and a wide-screen TV. The staff were efficient and friendly. The buffet style cooked breakfast was outstanding and plentyful. We paid £91 for one night -bed and breakfast for 2, with HotelsRus.com .I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel to any of my friends.	
Jun 4 2008 	Very good hotel - and value for money in London!	I chose this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews and after a number of 'dodgy' and 'over-priced for what you get' London hotel experiences previously, was a little apprehensive! However there was no need to worry!Lovely clean, modern hotel. Small compared to the large chains (Novotel, Hilton etc) but very comfortable.We checked in at noon on Sunday (busy time for those checking out late) &amp; never expected our room to be ready, but it was so we were very pleased. Our room was on the small side (which I had gathered from other reviews this is the norm, so was not surprised) but for 1 night, it was fine. It was fairly newly decorated, new fittings, clean and very comfortable. Comfy king size bed, large flat screen tv, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer, magazines, toiletries, good wardrobe space, iron etc.The position of the hotel is brilliant. 2 minutes walk from London Bridge station. (Exit through the upper floor of London Bridge mainline station - turn left out of station &amp; walk a short distance downhill, leaving station behind you. Hotel on left after All Bar One!) Situated in the up &amp; coming area of the South Bank - near Borough Market. Plenty to do in the area &amp; nice walks along the banks of the Thames.Hotel has a bar &amp; restaurant - we only ate breakfast which was very good. Fresh and well presented. Cereal/fruit/full English/pastries/toast/juice etc.Will definately return again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Just back from staying 2 nights in the London Bridge Hotel. Fantastic stay. Great Location as the tube was only a 2 minute walk away. Hotel Room was lovely with everything we needed for a great stay. Breakfast was served in the main restaurant which was really good as well. Great choice and really nice staff. Would definately stay there again and would highly recommend it.	
May 30 2008 	London's Best Kept Secret	I have now stayed at this hotel twice and I have recommended it to friends. This is probably one of the best hotels I have stayed at in London. I really don't want to tell everyone this in case I can't get a room there should I be in London again, but I really can't fault it. It is clean, modern, very helpful staff, great breakfast, and really handy for the borough market. Some people may be put off by the location - next to a train station and not exactly in the centre of London, and a fair distance from the theatre and shopping districts as it's on the south of the river near HMS Belfast and London Bridge (not to be confused with Tower Bridge, the one the tourist want to visit). The surrounding area is also rather dark at night and not very well lit . But the surrounding pubs are rather good and atmospheric - and good if you like real ale! If you don't mind being further out of the city, I really cannot recommend this hotel enough.	
May 28 2008 	Perfect for the 02 arena	I just returned from a trip to London with my boyfriend where we stayed at the London Bridge Hotel, taking advantage of their special O2 package, this cost £120 per night per room and included full English breakfast (which was excellent, buffet hot food, pastries etc) and return tickets to the arena by Cattamaran boat. The hotel is in an excellent location, very near to London Bridge tube, right across the road from Borough market which is worth a look. Overall a good trip to London!	
May 28 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on 25th May. This has to be one of the best value 4* hotels in London. Clean comfortable rooms and a superb buffet breakfast that caters for all tastes. If you can get a special deal , breakfast included , grab it with both hands.	
May 15 2008 	Never fails to impress	I have just returned from my third stay at the London Bridge and once again I am very impressed. Great location, rooms small but chic, staff excellent (all of them) and a decent breakfast to boot. If you are going to London and want a good hotel at a decent price this is the place. Finally the mini bar prices are reasonable too. I paid just £16 for a half bottle of Taittinger champagne, same price as the local supermarket!!!	
May 14 2008 	Great Hotel Great City Location	I recently stayed here with a friend in a 2-twin bed room. The room itself was lovely and quiet. The front desk staff were friendly and professional, and the concierge gave great food recommendations. Also, wireless internet access is now free!Outside of a great room for a really reasonable rate (given that this is London), the real &quot;gem&quot; of this hotel is its location. It's just down the street from the London Bridge tube station, and is within walking distance of major attractions! Taking the Underground's Piccadilly and Jubilee lines has you going to or from Heathrow to the hotel in under an hour!I will definitely be staying here again on future trips!	
May 12 2008 	A great find	We stayed overnight at this hotel on a short weekend break.We paid £134 for a superior room, but were upgraded to executive on arrival. All the staff we encountered during our visit were helpful and polite, notably at check in/out. What we particularly noticed about the hotel was it's cleanliness compared with other London hotels of a similiar price. Breakfast was very good with sausages and bacon that were far better than the mass produced stuff you often get. Perhaps they came from nearby Borough Market (More later). Our only criticism of the whole experience was the apparent lack of willingness to clear away plates and dishes at breakfast.The hotel is a great base to visit London from. While it is seemingly a little out of the way being South of the river, it is close enough to walk into the centre of the city. Having said thet we spent the whole of Saturday on the south bank anyway, it's a corner of London that is probably missed by lots of visitors. If you visit on Thursday - Saturday don't miss Borough Market. The atmosphere is wonderful and there is so much high quality food you won't know what to buy next. The pubs and restaurants around the market provide a great place to sit and watch the world go by.	
May 11 2008 	Great hotel for London weekend break	Stopped here for May Day weekend with my girlfriend. Excellent location next to London Bridge Station and Borough Market, just down from Tower Bridge and a short walk to The Globe, Tate Modern, etc. Lovely room, modern, comfortable and very clean and reasonable size for London.Great service throughout, excellent meal and good value food in the attached Malaysian restaurant.The only issue is finding the hotel. Basically turn into the station approach and come through the taxi rank. It feels as though you shouldn't be doing this but it is ok and is the only way to get to the hotel.Would certainly stay here again in the future.	
May 5 2008 	Enjoyed our stay!	My husband and I and our two teens (12 and 14) stayed here for a long weekend in London.We had a room with a king size bed and a pull out sofa. The only criticism I have is that a regular bed would have been more comfortable for the teens, but I did book the room knowing it was a sofa bed. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us, and the bathroom was small but clean and practical.The hotel was convenient - just a short walk from the London Bridge Tube station. While it is in a busy area, it was relatively quiet. Breakfast was included - and was a very nice buffet with comfortable restaurant seating. The staff was pleasant and helpful, especially the concierge.We also discovered that it was quite nice to walk down to the Globe Theatre. You can then walk or take a boat (as we did) down to the London Eye where its just a short walk over to Westminster Abbey. Walking the other direction (east) along the Thames we found a nice area called Butler's wharf with great views, and nice restaurants (including Ask where we ate - food was good, but service was a bit slow). It was a nice change from the busy center of London!	
May 1 2008	Good Deal Great Hotel	Spent two nights here before heading to other destinations. It's central location and proximity to the London Bridge stop of the subway made it an excellent location to get out and see the city. Clean, well-appointed rooms, are small by US standards, but quite adequate. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 1 2008	Lovely but stay away from Room 102!	I stayed recently in the hotel with my boyfriend and was given room 102. Its at the end of a corridor and I figured we wouldnt be bothered by noisy neighbours. My boyfriend noticed a high pitched noise when we entered the room but I didnt think it would bother us.Big mistake! Neither of us got any sleep that night thanks to the air conditioning system that was housed next door. It sounded like a high pitched tumble dryer. We asked to be moved the next day and this was not a problem.I would give everything else about the hotel a ten out of ten!	
Apr 30 2008 	Greta London Base	Stayed in the London Bridge in MArch and was very impresses with the hotel from the point of view of location staff and accomodation.i would recommend it highyl to anybody going to london for a weekend.	
Apr 29 2008 	Excellent London Base	The London Bridge Hotel was a great find - we have been to London a number of times and have not previously found a Hotel which fits all our needs so we have never been back to the same Hotel twice.The London Bridge Hotel will now become our favorite and we will certainly be back next time we are in London.As with most reasonably priced London Hotels the rooms are not large however they are comfortably modern and well decorated . - flat screen TV, very comfortable bed and spotless up to the minute en suite.Breakfast was included in our room rate and the range of choices extensive and enjoyable.Our initial concern when we booked it was that it was the &quot;wrong&quot; side of the River - however we soon discovered on arrival that the London Bridge area is a busttling and interesting area with plenty of choices for dinning and quick snacks .The Hotel is a two minute walk to the Tube Station - and just a short stroll to the Thames riverside walk.And it feels like a proper hotel with helpfull and friendly staff.We would recommend this hotel to fellow Australians who are looking for a comfortable yet reasonably priced ( for London ) Hotel.Alan and Sue Melbourne , Australia	
Apr 29 2008 	The staff are a credit to the hotel	We have just returned from a 3 day stay at the London Bridge Hotel. The hotel is in an excellent convenient location just a few minutes from London Bridge so evening walks along the floodlit Queens walk to the London Eye and back were enjoyable. Its easy to walk to anywhere in the city and back from the theatre at night, both the main line and tube station are adjacent to the hotel along with a taxi rank, bus stops even the river boats are a few minutes away. The rooms whilst small were well equipped irons and boards, hairdryers, safes, extra pillows and bedding, magazines a flat screen TV and to make watching comfortable a big cushion to be able to comfortably watch from your bed. The whole hotel is spotless and remarkably quiet considering its position by a busy station. The breakfast was excellent and also the Georgetown restaurant we ate their Georgetown all inclusive meal £39 + 10% service charge each, but with 20% discount if you book a table if staying at the hotel. This was a 4 course meal with many choices including vegetarian it was excellent and the presentation superb, plus drinks. Start with a Singapore Sling (better than those served in Raffles Singapore!!) half a bottle of wine each with your meal, glass of dessert wine and finish with either a liqueur or liqueur coffee. It was a good that we were staying in the same building I'm not sure we could have made it back on the underground!! All the staff are the real selling point of this hotel from housekeeping staff through waiting staff to front of house staff all were very helpful, cheerful and we observed them go the extra mile, including during a busy breakfast time when a waitress went out of her way to find a phone charger for a guest who had forgotten his, she even connected it all up now that's service. We filled in the hotel survey and complimented the excellent staff and by the next post had a thank you letter personally signed by the manager thanking us and telling us he would pass our compliments onto his staff what a boss!! The guests staying seem to be a mix of business guests, many business meeting were being held as we left on the Monday but also many foreign visitors both in organised parties and travelling independently.Would we stay here again and unreservedly YES and we would recommend it to anyone visiting London both for its welcome and its convenient location.	
Apr 25 2008 	Fantastic London Hotel!	Have stayed at the London Bridge Hotel a few times now and each time everything has been excellent! There are lots of features that I love, it's in a great location, staff are helpful, room service is fab, prices are reasonable, rooms are clean and comfortable and theres a friendly atmosphere. Also, as a vegetarian, the food selection for me is great, something I always find difficult when I stay in other hotels and as well, the fact that as a smoker, they still have rooms available to accommodate my awful habit which DO NOT affect any other guests. I would definately reccommend this hotel as one of the better London Hotels I have had the pleasure to stay in. Thank you!	
Apr 23 2008 	Great bed nice decor	Stayed overnight on business. Room was on the smaller size, yet felt bigger and more luxurious - very nicely decorated (warm, modern, neutral). Great value business hotel, I'd stay there for a city break weekend as well (might get a bit claustrophobic over a week-long stay tho). Friendly efficient service from desk, concierge and room service. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in - soft featherbed on top of firmer mattress, excellent. Room service breakfast was just adequate for the price. Surprised at how quiet it was given that the view from the window was of trains pulling in and out of London Bridge rail station a couple hundred metres away. No sounds from neighbours. The neighbourhood isn't anything special but it's a fine place to park your bags and get a good night's sleep, and there's good underground connections very nearby.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Stay	Just had a 2 night stay here, although not the easiest to find and no view from the room everything else was excellent. Very helpful staff, great breakfast and location is good too. Room was very comfortable and had all mod cons. Really enjoyed the Borough market and some good places to eat nearby. Would go back and recommend	
Apr 21 2008 	Fantastic Birthday Treat!	My partner and I stayed at this Hotel on Saturday 19th April for my birthday treat (on the Sunday). I cannot fault the facilities, room, staff or the Hotel general areas one bit. Everywhere was spotlessly clean, looked recently decorated, comfortable, welcoming. The bed was excellent, room large and fully equipped, bathroom was huge and immaculate. Breakfast was superb, lots of attentive staff. We went for the Full English option and there was lots to choose from.I had a great time, thanks to my partner too, and will definitely return one day. I will also have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel to any friends/colleagues I know who are visiting London.I must also thank Trip Advisor, as I always check reviews before staying anywhere and they are always very accurate!	
Apr 18 2008 	An OK stay	This hotel is just average in my opinion. We were given a room with a brick wall out of the single window. If you stood on the bed the view was OK. I do not understand why a hotel would even use this type of location as a guest room. The front desk experience was OK, the breakfast was good, small room, location was acceptable.	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent Hotel - give it a try!	I recently had to go to London on business and needed a reasonable place to stay on Sunday 13th April 2008. My colleague Clare and I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel and I must say it was impressive. We stayed in Room 223, which is a twin room overlooking London Bridge Street. The beds were really comfortable and the room was very clean and well decorated. The bathroom has an extra mirror (great for plucking eyebrows or pondering whether botox time could be impending!!) fastened to the wall near the sink. Lots of fluffy white towels.Selections of up to date magazines were thoughtfully provided by the hotel along with all the usual tea, coffee etc. The wardrobe also lights up when the door is opened which saves any rummaging in the dark. There is also a safe, ironing board and iron, spare blankets, pillows in there. The staff were friendly, helpful and even send you an email after your visit to thank you for staying and that they look forward to your return – a nice touch, whether they mean it or not!Breakfast was included in our price, this is taken in the lower floor Londinium restaurant. There was a good selection of both cold and hot fare, fruit juice etc which would offer something for everyone. If you require a taxi there are usually lots outside due to its proximity to the London Bridge rail station. However, noise at night is not an issue here. The photographs on the hotel website are accurate and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone staying in London.from Ava Noliday	
Apr 12 2008 	Excellent!	We wanted a nice luxury night away, so saw the good reviews for the hotel here and made a booking for a delux double - on arrival on Friday they upgraded us, without request, to a suite. The staff are friendly, the room was bliss it was a fab night away and we will certainly look to go back if we can. The road to the side of the hotel can be slightly noisey and its hard to get to in the car, but both minor things! Nearest NCP is snowsfield, £16 for 24 hours and is a 5 - 8 min walk away. Borough market is a must, but get up early to miss the rush, we didn't and it was a bit of a squash.	
Apr 10 2008 	fantastic hotel !!!!	We have just returned from a fabulous weekend break in london.When we usually stay in London we use a hotel that we get through my husbands workplace, but as this was no longer available we looked on the internet for a hotel of similar quality, and we came across the London bridge hotel. Following the train journey into london we found the hotel straight away. The check in was smooth and the receptionist was very polite and helpful our room was gorgeous a bit on the small side but ample for what we wanted ( somewhere to sleep and get changed !!). The rooms were very clean and modern and very homely including a lcd tv .... On our return from a concert on the friday we noticed that there was a club/bar directly next to the hotel and was thinking that as our room was on the front of the hotel we would experience noise etc but both of us slept like babies no noise what so ever.Breakfast was buffet style with the usual cereal, toast , etc all buffet style and it was fantastic you couldn't fault any thing.We stayed 2 nights at the hotel and both declared that this would now be our regular hotel when we stay in london. Would i recomend the hotel Most definately.	
Apr 9 2008 	Beautiful hotel	One of the best, cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in anywhere. I booked this hotel through hotelstayuk and got it at a bargin price and I was not dissapointed. It was so clean and tidy, the rooms were gorgeous. The bed was a dream to sleep in. They provided some amazing things in the room. The food was great. Everything down to the quality of the napkins amazed me!!! I can not fault it. My partner and I will definately be going back.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on a three night theatre weekend break over the Easter Period. Hotel is in a great location, two minutes walk from tube &amp; buses. Hotel staff where helpful, pleasent &amp; very courteous. The spacious room was clean, tastefully decorated and furnished, the double bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have slept in during my stay at an hotel. Breakfast was a high quality full English buffet style meal. Will definitely use this hotel again.	
Apr 4 2008 	Fantastic place to stay	We have just come back from our stay at the London Bridge Hotel and thought that I must write to say how fantastic it was. I can't fault anything! The staff were friendly and very helpful - nothing was too much trouble. The room that we stayed in was very modern, comfortable and clean.We ate at the Londinium restaurant in the evening and the food was excellent. As too was the breakfast!This was definately the best hotel that I have stayed in in London, within the same price bracket and we are looking forward to a return visit!	
Mar 31 2008 	Brilliant	Stayed two nights in a standard room which was small but modern and extremely clean. Breakfast was great - lots of choice (although staff took a while to 'refill' some of the hot cooked choices). Staff were really helpful and friendly. Location wonderful - right next to Borough Market and the tube. Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 27 2008 	London Bridge Hotel	We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for 2 nights over St Paddy's weekend and couldn't recommend it highly enough. Staff, efficiency, cleanliness, price, rooms, breakfast - all exceeded our expectations.Great location for a direct train to Gatwick. So much to see / do locally, don't miss Borough Market on Thurs, Fri &amp; Saturday. As for Neal's Yard cheese shop, outstanding!A great stay &amp; one we would hope to do again soon!	
Mar 27 2008 	Excellent location-reasonable price	Just got back from a 3 night stay over the Easter weekend.Great hotel with good facilities.Excellent location -near to both mainline &amp; underground stations.We had room service on a couple of occasions &amp; the food was of both a good quality &amp; hot.Stayed in a superior room -which was on the small side but clean.We will definitely be back !	
Mar 25 2008 	Only one word: Superb	We were in London on a city trip for 4 days and we stayed at the London Bridge Hotel. It was our first holiday as a couple and we enjoyed every minute of it.Our stay at the hotel was perfect. The hotel staff was great and helpfull. For Belgian readers, book this hotel through jetair and use the special packages. The value for money is magnificent.With the tube and the trainstation less then 5' walk from the hotel, the hotel is perfectly located for a visit of London.	
Mar 23 2008 	A little hotel that has everything	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel one night. We picked this hotel mainly for its closeness to the London Tower but it exceeded our expectation. We took the train to London Bridget station. The hotel is right around the corner of the station. The room is small but is equiped with a safe, a mini bar, ironing board, tea kettle, free internet and magazines. And mostly it is non-smoking. It is a 15-20 minute easy walk to London Tower. The London Bridge tube is close by.The English breakfast is very good with a wide selection of food. We highly recommend this hotel to travelers who are looking for a nice clean convenient hotel at a reasonable price. This is a real find in London.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great hotel in a super location on the South Bank.	We stayed at London Bridge Hotel for the weekend 14-16 March, and were able to check in 12:30 on Friday and to leave our luggage for the day following checkout on Sunday. We had difficulty finding the correct exit from London Bridge tube station, so if you are arriving by train or tube make sure that you are at the main railway station entrance (look for signs to buses) before heading across the street to the hotel. Then the hotel is a 50 metre walk from the station.The twin room we had was small but the furnishings and bathroom were of a very high standard. Everything else about the hotel was excellent. The staff were very friendly and helpful particularly in the dining room, and the breakfast first class.The hotel is in a great location for visiting Borough Market (not to be missed) and several pleasant eateries. It's an ideal base for exploring central London and we would certainly return.	
Mar 20 2008 	Faultless!!!	We have just returned from a long weekend in London, and had the pleasure of staying at this hotel.Everything about our stay was wonderful, the staff, are friendly and helpful. The room, very clean, very comfortable, modern, and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was a pleasure to use, exceptionally clean, plenty of toiletries and towels. We had room service, (sandwiches) this was delivered quickly, was hot, very fresh and nicely presented. Breakfast on both mornings was plentiful, hot, and cooked very well, with a very good choice.The hotel is in a very good location for getting around the capital, with the train station in such close proximity. Plenty of bars around, we walked around the area in the evening and felt quite safe.We used this site, to select this hotel to stay in, we weren't disapointed and we wouldn't hesitate to stay again or to recommend the London Bridge Hotel. 100% satisfied	
Mar 20 2008	Best value	This was our first stay 'south of the river' as we wanted to visit Vinopolis and London Eye. It was the perfect location. Hotel staff were brilliant and concierge knew everything we wanted to know. Room was immaculate and we upgraded to superior double for a nominal sum. All amenities were great. Would definitely say that it was the best value for money in London we have experienced and we are regular visitors.Jenny, Great Yarmouth	
Mar 19 2008 	Loved it!	I recently had the pleasure to stay at the London Bridge Hotel and was absolutely delighted. We were in a party of four and the staff were couteous, helpful, friendly, attentive but with a subtle presence. The rooms were of a very high standard and normal sized for a double or twin room. The decor was that of small boutique hotel appearance, with lovely high quality fixtures and fittings. Yes, the room faced onto the street and other buildings but as we are in the centre of London, where else could it face? There was no problem with noise and the area is so convenient for public transport, bars and other entertainment. The breakfast was excellent, the restaurant very attractive and the staff there were also great, professional and efficient. The concierge and the reception service was second to none and extremely helpful and considerate. Overall a fantastic, smart, trendy place to stay. Highly recommend it!!	
Mar 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	Booked a Weekend Deluxe Package through the hotel which includes deluxe room with 32 plasma tv, fruit, chocolates and bottle of wine. Also included in the package a 2 course meal with champagne which was outstanding. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Location next to London Bridge Station,but no noise can be heard from the trains. If going to theatres dont use the underground, use overground train to Charing Cross Station takes 5mins. The hotel is ideally located for London Eye, take a walk along the Embankment so much to see and do and great views of London. Highly recommended, can't wait to go back.	
Mar 15 2008 	Avery good experience.	We spent four nights at the London Bridge hotel at the beginning of March. The hotel is very well placed for transport links and despite the busy area the hotel itself and the rooms are lovely and quiet.The staff are very courteous and helpful and we felt very welcome.At breakfast both the food and the service were of a high standard and generally we were impressed with the cleanliness and tidiness of the hotel.We are getting a bit old to cope with London now but a hotel like this might persuade us to return.	
Mar 12 2008	Business oriented hotel	This is a popular business hotel just over the Thames from the City but close to good bars and dining in the Borough Market area.It can be hard to get rooms, so need to book well in advance. At the higher end of the spectrum in the area, but the rooms are better than the competition.Only negative is the bar is rather small if having to cater for more than one large group.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent London Bridge Experience	We stayed here for our anniversary last Nov, in a deluxe room, which was very spacious and luxurious, with CD player, i-pod dock, fruit, robes etc. The room also had a walk-in wardrobe/dressing room. Nothing was too much trouble for the friendly staff, and it was very well located for everything we wanted to get to (river, O2, tube lines), and some great local eateries. I'm a very fussy traveller, and we found this to be faultless, plus good value for money, especially in London. It will definitely be our hotel of choice on all future breaks to London.	
Mar 10 2008 	Ok	Stayed here for 2 nights in January. Rooms are small, even by European standard, a bit cramped, we had a nice view of some vents and an office building about 4 metres away so we constantly had to keep the blinds closed. There were lots of options for breakfast but I found they had so many staff on to collect dirty plates etc. that it seemed like every 10 seconds they were asking you was everything ok and trying to whip the plate away from you, not very relaxing at all so we left without finishing our breakfast we felt that uncomfortable. Concierge staff were nice but found they could be slightly more helpful. Location is a bit rough in my opinion, didn't feel quite safe once it got dark and on the dirty side street up to the tube station we saw a lot of wallets on the ground ?? So we quickly scarpered off that street and into the hotel. If I was to go back to London I would look elsewhere for somewhere to stay.	
Mar 6 2008 	Fantastic!	Me and my husband found this hotel superb for the cost and location. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the rooms were really spacious and clean. Its just a stones throw from the Tube station which is really handy. We are going to stop there again for definate for our next visit.We had a 3 nights stay which included continental breakfast but when we got to breakfast in the morning we were offered the full works of full english. The only thing was that the food was only warm, but we couldnt complain. There was plenty to choose from including lovely breads. I would advise anyone to stay here, its great!	
Mar 6 2008	Great Value for Money	Although we only stayed one night it was a thoroughly pleasant experience. The staff were courteous and helpful and the room was spotless and very comfortable. In the evening we tried their Malaysian restaurant which was good value for money. Again the restaurant staff were exemplary. We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to others. Also very conveniently situated for travelling by train.	
Mar 1 2008	clean and comfortable	Stayed with teenage children for weekend. Had rooms next to each other without having to ask. Rooms compact but not a problem, very clean and bed very comfortable. Reception staff very polite and welcoming. Breakfast enough choice and good quality. Would definitely stay here again, it is very close to tube station with minimal noise from trains heard only slightly in the morning.	
Feb 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Just got back from the London Bridge Hotel, I have stayed in many hotels in London and this was by far the best I have stayed in. The staff were very friendly and could not do enough for you. The room was very spacious and clean. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Hotel Nice Staff!	Just got back last night from a stay at the London Bridge Hotel and really enjoyed it (interestingly, we also heard the fire alarm mentioned in the previous post but happened to be awake at the time, so it didn't bother us that much)Our room was very spacious and unlike older London hotels had excellent water pressure for the shower; all of the amenities were clean and well appointed (tea and coffee, robes and slippers) The bathroom was huge and the staff was very friendly. We did pay extra to use the Internet (10 GBP or 20 US$) but the connection was broken and after some time the hotel staff was unable to correct this, though they happily refunded our money promptly. B-fest was fresh and varied. Location in London was very nice and easy to get to via the London Bridge tube stop, literally around the corner. We did try and use the Fitness facility next door but they have very limited hours on the weekends so just note this in advance (I am not sure if they are a separate business entity from the hotel, they do adjoin and usage is free with the hotel stay) I would not hesitate to stay at the London Bridge Hotel again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Absolutely .........................	Loved everything about this hotel. Very comfortable, clean and the staff were more than helpful. The bed was one of the most comforatble I've slept in and the breakfast choice was extensive. Yes the rooms are smaller than average, but beautifully furnished. We had dinner in the restaurant and the menu choice, service and food was of high quality. The White Company toiletries were an added bonus, and the close proximity to the underground was very convenient.	
Feb 19 2008 	Almost very good	Stayed at the LB for three nights last week and it does what it says on the box. It is worth paying the money for the new rooms which run from x21 to x30. PositivesThese are among the largest rooms you will get for your money at this class of hotel in London. Clean bright and airy with an absolutely huge bed and great linen. Lots of wardrobe and cupboard space. Good writing desk with network node if you want to work.Good clean bathroom, complimentary bathrobes and slippers, first class towels.Staff are friendly and efficient as is check in and checkout.London Bridge station is a major asset as all the trains from Kent to Charing Cross stop there, - every 2 or 3 minutes. DO NOT TAKE THE TUBE if you want to go to theatreland. You will have to change at Waterloo for the Northern Line and walk about half a mile underground at the interchange. Instead catch the train from the main line station (Platform 6) to Charing Cross and you will be there in 5 minutes. Only £1.40 single rather than £4 tube fare!NegativesIf you have one of the new rooms do not stay on the first floor as you will be over an LA Fitness Gym. You will wake up to the sound of incessant drum and bass played at 120 decibels coming through your floor.Try to ensure that your room does not have a connecting door to another as they are not soundproofed and your conversations soon turn onto a quartet. Breakfast is the usual homogenised buffet - format crap that they serve up all over London. Fried eggs are like rubber balls and the scrambled eggs have the texture of cavity wall insulation. I asked if the kitchen could cook me two lightly fried (runny) eggs on toast, but got two more golf balls for my trouble. They can make a half decent double expresso if you ask for it.I would still recommend this hotel heartily, but make sure that to book a higher floor and eat breakfast at the little Italian cafe round the corner on Borough High Street	
Feb 18 2008 	great hotel! Bad fire alrm system!	Just returned from a Saturday night at this hotel. Hotel was great once we found it (the best way is from main entrance to London Bridge Train Station (it's just opposite) so make your way there even if you arrive by the Underground). Would have given an excellent rating - good room, london skyline view from window, flat screen TV with Sky Sports, tea and coffee facilities, clean white and chrome bathroom, comfy bed, good buffet breakfast, restaurants near-by and so on, but the stay was marred by a faulty fire system causing the alarm to go off four times between midnight an half past. Everyone in the hotel was very unhappy about this! We'll probably go back, because it as good value (search the usual hotel booking websites for the best offer going - we saved 50% booking through hotelsdirect), though we'll be hoping that the faulty fire alarm will be fixed by then!	
Feb 16 2008 	Great hotel both for business or pleasure	This was our second visit to the London Bridge Hotel and it was just as good as the first. Room excellent, modern decor, very quiet and clean with good bathroom. Staff very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in an excellent position for both the tube station, and the train and also the bus station. Many of the sights are in easy walking distance e.g. Tower of London and Tower Bridge. Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice. We will definately stay here when we visit London again.	
Feb 14 2008	Lovely London Bridge	I stayed at the London Bridge Hotel last weekend during a shopping break with a friend. We were pleasantly surprised on arrival at London Bridge Station to find that the hotel was literally a two minute walk away. The location was terrific - a stones throw from a mainline tube station which has the added bonus of also being a station for the docklands light railway which is a very quick and easy way to travel into Charing Cross Station. A short walk in the other direction is the Thames Path which is an extremely pleasant walk along the Thames with plenty of sightseeing opportunities, bars, restaurants and cafes along the way. The hotel itself was very modern and clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we experienced no difficulties at all during our stay. Our twin room was, again, very modern, tidy and clean. The bathroom was spotless, there was plenty of storage space, the beds were very comfortable and the large plasma screen tv was an added bonus. The only downside was the fact that the air conditioning was a little noisy at night but to be honest after a hard day's shopping it would have taken a lot more than that to keep me awake! When I booked the hotel it was advertised as bed and continental breakfast but we were pleased to find, on arrival in the restaurant the first morning, that in fact that the choice was excellent - a great selection of cereal, fruit juices, pastries, cheese, cold meats, as well as cooked english breakfast items - bacon, eggs, sausage etc etc. Overall, I cannot fault the London Bridge Hotel and would definitely stay there again in the future - it was an excellent base from which to explore the city.	
Feb 14 2008	Doesn't disappoint on 2nd visit	Had a wonderful weekend here, 2nd time I have used the hotel and excellent in every respect. Excellent rooms (especially for the price), friendly helpful staff and good breakfast. Super location for accessibility and exploring this part of London. Don't miss Borough Market on Sat am.	
Feb 10 2008 	Nice quality hotel	Excellent Hotel with staff always trying to do the best for the clients. Breakfast was lovely, although a little cramped at times. The check in process was fairly straightforward, although a word of Warning. We booked through Skoosh, for a double room, which was confirmed by email, however with a disclaimer based on availability. My only recommendation, if you are two guys and want a twin, or you are with your partner and need a double, use another booking site, that will at least confirm the room you are getting. The hotel staff did their utmost to accomodate us, however the only way we could get a double was to upgrade.Other downsides, it is close to the financial district, which does not open at the weekend, we dashed across to Frasers and M &amp; S on the saturday morning, only to find that they only open through the week.This is obviously not a fault of the hotel, and is only to make other travellers aware. I would definately stay at this hotel again, although would book through another provider or direct with the hotel.	
Feb 5 2008	Friendly accomodating staff	On booking through a third party we were disappointed that we couldn't be guaranteed a double room on arrival. When we arrived at the London Bridge the staff did their utmost to ensure we had a double room for which we were very grateful.Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast very enjoyable and staff friendly.	
Feb 3 2008 	Perfect for a romantic weekend	Having read the reviews of this hotel, it is one that I have tried to get into for a while. In addition, the breakfast inclusive rate that I booked made it considerably cheaper than other hotels of similar (or even poorer) quality. Staff were lovely and friendly, room very comfortable and there were literally hundreds of pillows and cushions on the bed, which was probably too large for the room. The room was very comfortable but a bit on the small side for staying more than a couple of nights. If you want to stay a week - book a deluxe room.Only criticism is that there was only one bedside table - on one side. Could have done with two	
Jan 30 2008 	A regular stay	I've stayed here a few times on business and always find it good. Service is fine, the rooms are comfy and really nicely decorated. There's a good choice for breakfast and the Malaysian restaurant attached always does a good meal with good service. The location next to London Bridge is also very handy.	
Jan 26 2008 	A Wonderful Stay in London	Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel on Business for a couple of nights and before arriving was keen to find out what the #6 top rated hotel in London according to Trip Advisor was like.I was not disappointed, from check-in to check-out the experience was fantastic.Check-in was a breeze and I was allocated Room 119, which was a nice sized room considering it's London. I've been to plenty of other Hotels in London and they normally pack you in a 'Box Room'. The size of this room enabled it to fit two extremely comfy single beds, a desk and chair, spacious cupboards and a nice large LCD Television on the wall. Decour was also nice and the room was very clean. Although room faced the main road, the double glazed windows did their job and kept out any unwanted traffic noises during the night.Aside from the Room description, the rest of the hotel was nicely laid out. The restaurant, which I used for breakfast was good offering a nice array of food to start off your day.The Hotel is just around the corner from London Bridge Railway/Underground Station and it's easy to get into the heart of London via many modes of transport during your stay.The only minor criticism I would have of this hotel is that it doesn't have a proper residents bar within, or at least I didn't find one - it does have a small bar facility in the lobby which the reception staff look after if you do need a drink. But I was in London and this place is not short of Bars within a short walking distance. In fact there is a nice bar next door to the hotel (Borough Bar), which you can unwind after a hard days work and join the rest of the City workers for a early evening drink. Alternatively, try 'The Barrowboy and Banker', a typical East End pub that could easily be the 'Queen Vic' from Eastenders!!Overall, this hotel made my stay in London a memorable trip at times took my mind off the fact that I was actually down here working for a few days.I would definately stay at this hotel again when in London in the future.	
Jan 25 2008	excellent experience	A very well situated hotel ,excellent for travel links rail/tube throughout the city.The hotel was very modern and clean with exceptional decor and facilities. Bedrooms were of a high standard with a large comfortable bed. Breakfast was provided in a relaxed atmosphere offering a varied selection. Staff friendly and willing to assist with any requests. Highly recommended and will visit again in the future.Susan Hudson- Newcastle upon Tyne	
Jan 22 2008 	A touch of class	My family - 4 of us stayed at this hotel last week for 3 nights. It was recommended to me by a family member who had stayed there several times. As a regular Tripadvisor member I always look here before I book. Reviews I have always found to be very accurate.From arrival to departure service was efficient and courteous.Rooms were spotless, and beautifully furnished with a touch of class - interior design worked well with the space available. No traffic noise at all - a rarity for a hotel in London.Bathroom had constant hot water, and excellent toiletries.Breakfast choice from the buffet was superb, and the staff were efficient and always smiling. Smartly attired and no slip shod attitude here! They took care with the preparation of the tables, and presentation of the food.Location is good - near to the Underground, and within walking distance of many tourist sights. As in previous reviews I can recommend this hotel to any discerning traveller - you will not be disappointed. I will certainly stay at this hotel again whenever I am in London.	
Jan 21 2008	Great value hotel	After reading so many favourable reviews we booked to stay at the London Bridge in January 08. We weren't disappointed with the quality of the hotel and really couldn't fault it. Our room was fairly small but very clean, well equipped and modern with a large flat screen TV and very comfy beds. We did think it was very warm when we first got in there but once we figured out how to use the air conditioning it was fine. The breakfast was excellent with a really wide choice. Staff were all friendly and the staff at the concierge desk were very helpful with any questions. The hotel is right next to London Bridge Station but if you come out at the wrong exit it's actually very easy to get lost! Basically you need to follow signs to the mainline station - go right into that station past all the shops and exit at the bus station. The hotel is then just over the road.The location was the only slight downside as it did feel a little far out from the West End etc. The Jubilee line was closed when we visited and the Northern line isn't the best for access into central London. That said, it wasn't too much hassle and is also a great location for visiting the Tate Modern. I would probably be willing to forfeit a more central location to stay there again as you know you're getting a reliably good hotel.	
Jan 20 2008 	Good value hotel at the right rate	Location=======2 minutes on foot from London Bridge Tube/Rail station. A convenient walk to a variety of bars/restaurants along the thames and 10 minutes to Shakespeare's Globe theatre - which is well worth a visit for the evening performances!Rooms======The bedrooms were clean and are decorated to a high standard, with a flat screen tv on the wall at the bottom of the bed. The bed itself was a much too soft for my tastes and would have been a bigger irriation if we had been staying longer (we were there for 2 nights). The room was fairly spacious, by London standards, and there was reasonable storage in the wardrobe. Sparkling water is provided free of charge, although no still water. The bathroom has a high pressure shower over the bath, large bath towels and white company toiletries.Food====We just ate in the hotel for breakfast, which was included in the room rate. The breakfast room is nicely presented and the breakfast buffet was good, serving the usual range of cooked breakfast, cereal, fruit and yoghurts.Value for money=============Overall this is a well presented hotel in a reasonable location and having paid around £125 per night for the room I consider it to be good value and I would return there.	
Jan 16 2008 	Wow ....What a find	Date: 16 January 2008Reviewer: Joyce Lincoln Having researched Trip Advisor, we stayed at the LBH for a week end in November - a surprise 40th Anniversary present for my husband. Naturally I wanted everything to be perfect, if that’s possible. We were not disappointed. We booked on LBH website at very reasonable rates.  Immediately we arrived the very pleasant Receptionist informed us we’d been allocated a free upgrade which we thought was a lovely gesture, on our special weekend. That set us up for the weekend. The friendly Concierge looked after our luggage as we were a bit early to check in. The room was lovely. Very spacious, contemporary fittings, spotlessly clean, comfy bed, flat screen TV, fridge , tea/coffee etc and…. gleaming bathroom. Even the apples on the shelf seemed to have been polished! Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice, cold and hot buffet. Staff very attentive. We wished we had taken dinner too, as the menu sounded very good and, we thought, reasonably priced for London, but I had arranged a Thames Dinner Cruise. (On that cruise we met a couple from Brussels who were staying at a 5* hotel at enormous cost, and who were very disappointed….I had absolutely no hesitation in recommending LBH to them for their next trip!) LBH is very close to LB Station (very confusing exits), and great for walks along the South Bank, walking distance to the Eye, plenty restaurants on the way. Despite it’s location it is very quiet. We had a fabulous week end. It was a particularly nice touch for the Manager to acknowledge our comments on our stay, such feedback is rare in the business. He deserves to succeed. We travel around quite a bit and we will most definitely stay here again. …we both loved it.	
Jan 16 2008 	Clean and comfortable	The room was very comfortable and spacious and very clean.The staff are extremely helpful and polite. The full English breakfast excellent. The restaurant prices quite expensive.A most enjoyable long weekend. The Hotel is close to underground and buses. Ideal for all ages if walking is a problem.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great value hotel in excellent location	Date: 30th December 2007Trip Advisor Member from Dunstable, EnglandThis was our second visit to the London Bridge Hotel. We asked for a free upgrade but the hotel was fully booked. We had a small room which was comfortable, clean and well furnished but if you can stretch your budget book a deluxe room which are more spacious. It is a lovely quite hotel tucked away at the back of London Bridge main line station and in a superb position to explore the South Bank of the Thames and it is very easy to go further afield with transport links on the doorstep. The breakfast is great and there are a few shops around the hotel for any essentials and the main line station has good shops too. We will definitely make a third visit to this hotel.	
Jan 15 2008 	What A Brilliant Hotel	this hotel is a great stay for many many reasons.its really really classy-room was fantastic with a plasma tv on wall, internet access, state of the art bathroom.'its location was something to die for -right beside the london bridge and the underground for going to all major sites such as the london eye.breakfast was self service and was just lovely-such an array of food, newspapers for the guests and everything.the hotel was expensive enough for 5days but it was well worth it- most definately one of the best hotels we have stayed in and after visiting spain, germany and france after this, we did not find another hotel that matched the london bridge hotel.the lobby was fantastic all marble floors with a great restaraunt nearby and many shops and markets just down the street.my boyfriend and i really enjoyed this stay!!	
Jan 13 2008 	a little gem	We were booked into this hotel as part of a New Year package, and wouldnt have normally stayed in this part of London - but it was a great hotel in a good location.Couple of minutes walk from the Tube (London Bridge), although the first time is a bit confusing due to the various exits - just head toward London Bridge itself.Reception staff were welcoming and efficient. Room was nicely furnished, spacious and clean. Nice clean bathroom - with bath and shower.The room was very warm - I didnt discover the air con switch until the second night. doh! - but the windows opened for fresh air. Our room was on the first floor at the front of the hotel and despite the closeness of the train and bus stations it was surprisingly quiet. Only room problem was on the second night the weather turned quite windy and the flag poles below our room rattled noisily. I mentioned it on checking out and the receptionist noted it down, so hopefully they'll be secured.Breakfast was good - choice of hot and cold buffets - and friendly and efficient restaurant staff.Didn't spend too much time in the immediate area but there were plenty of shops and bars nearby. And there's a very good chip shop on the corner!A good experience and I'm sure we will be staying here again.	
Jan 12 2008 	So lucky to find London Bridge!	I chose London Bridge Hotel because of the great rates- 99 pounds a night and the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. The hotel proved to be excellent from check-in to check-out.I arrived in London on a 6am flight. I had alerted LBH that I would be arriving early and requested early check-in. Upon arrival, the hotel staff let me in and checked me in quickly. This was most appreciated since I hadn't slept on the way over.Upon entering the room I noticed that it was small, but comfortable (with plenty of space to move around). The bed was huge, covered with pillows, a nice duvet, and very cushy though it felt as though it had had some wear. The flat screen tv was nice as was the minibar. I also appreciated the in-room safe and closet space. I also had a dresser which came in handy during my stay.Another huge perk to the hotel was that it was very close to London Bridge Station. (A two minute walk). I often returned to the hotel late at night and at times got a little disoriented (using the different tube exits). Nevertheless, the area was quiet and seemed safe so no worries about wandering a few extra minutes to get my bearings. Another great thing about the area was that LBS connects very easily with other tube lines. I could always be where I needed to be in only a few stops. This hotel was extremely central though quiet- just outside of the hustle and bustle.As this was a short trip packed with London walks and visits with friends, I never seemed to make it to breakfast which was included with my rate. Still, the hotel was a welcoming place each evening. Magazines and newspapers were always handy and a staff member always on hand. I never required much help from concierge or reception, but the one time I had some questions, I was struck by the Spanish receptionist's willingness to help me, even provide me more information than expected (I never expect that level of service). In terms of any problems with my stay, I noticed that my toilet handle didn't seem to want to flush. It worked well enough so that I did not have to bother maintenance. Still, I received a letter from the hotel (today in fact) thanking me for my good feedback as well as a note that they would look into the toilet handle to make any necessary repairs. I always appreciate follow-up to concerns and compliments. Rarely do hotels make this contact, but when they do, it is forever appreciated. Just writing about the hotel makes me want to go back. I am sure I will not forget this hotel and should I have a chance to come back to London I will check LBH first.	
Jan 12 2008	Nice place to stay!	Only stayed one night but were treated with the utmost courtesy and friendliness by the staff.Quiet(and not over-heated!!) well decorated room which though smallish was well equipped.Would have no hesitation in going back.	
Jan 10 2008 	Hope to come back!	Stayed in London Bridge Hotel 29.12 - 1.1.08.The staff was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast excellent and the furnishing beautiful.My only concern praising this hotel is that there may be no room for us when we go to London next time!	
Jan 7 2008	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for three nights and enjoyed the experience.The hotel is very clean and tidy,and the reception staff very helpful.The area that it is in is a little shabby however,but fortunately not far from the underground station.Overall a relaxing,enjoyable stay,and would have no qualms about returning.The only complaint that we hve is that the air conditioning needs improving as the room that we were in was quite stuffy.	
Jan 6 2008 	welcoming friendly and an excellent hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the London Bridge hotel from 28 - 30 Dec 07 and had a fantastic weekend. You are made to feel welcome from the moment you walk through the door and enter this very clean and modern hotel. All the staff are very friendly and everyone has a smile on their face from the chamber maids to the front desk staff.We were very impressed with the comfortable room and the attention to detail. We had a full english breakfast in the Londonian Restuarant and the choice of food and service was excellent.I would recommend this hotel to anybody as an ideal base for their trip to London. There are some good restuarants and bars within easy walking distance and you are right on the doorstep of underground access to the rest of London. I will certainly stay here again in the future.	
Jan 6 2008	Stopover	Stayed here for one night when in London to see a show with my family.This is a really great place to stay.	
Jan 5 2008	London Bridge Hotel well worth a visit	I had read several positive reviews about this hotel and so decided to try it out . Took my mum for a birthday treat and stayed overnight in order to visit the Tutankhamun exhibition and see a show. From check in to checking out the hotel was great! The room was spotless and well appointed, beds were comfy and it was not noisy. The only meal we had was breakfast but it was lovely with great service. All the staff yhat we met were friendly and polite, nothing seemed too much trouble. On my last visit to London I payed twice the price and stayed in a 4* hotel in Mayfair, the London Bridge was just as good if not better and I will definitely be going back. Excellent location for transport links with Tube, DLR and piers all close by.	
Jan 2 2008 	Loved the London Bridge Hotel	My husband, 14 month old baby and myself stayed at the London Bridge Hotel for one night and it was great! They had the baby crib set up in our room when we arrived and recommended family friendly places to have dinner that night. We stayed in a deluxe room and that was plenty of space for the 3 of us. The hotel is a 2 min walk from London Bridge tube and train station.	
Dec 29 2007 	great hotel	We had a lovely stay here room very comfortable breakfast delicious very attentive staff especially Ludovic.Will definately return	
Dec 28 2007 	clean 	Very nice rooms, clean and up dated. Rooms are small but upgraded rooms are good size. Richard in the help desk was wonderful and helpful. Tube station just a short walk from hotel. Morning breakfast is very good at the hotel. For an inexpensive meal close to the hotel try Wagamama, fast and fun. I have only been home a day and a half and want to go back already! Book it and go...why wait?!	
Dec 27 2007 	Beautiful Modern Hotel	I was impressed with the modern/ contemporary decorations and fixtures of the hotel. I had heard and expected most London hotels to offer very small rooms and the rooms here were smaller than I would expect in the States. However, the use of such modern fixtures (flat screen TVs, half-glass door tub, fridge hidden in cabinet, etc.), kept the room from feeling cramped. Our large window provided us with a nice view of the Thames and London Bridge.The concierege was very helpful and regularly checked on something for us and printed further directions. The staff in general was very friendly. Breakfast was always the same buffet fare of a traditional English breakfast. Generally there was plenty to eat and quick service. However, the weekend seemed to pick up a lot. (That was the weekend right before Christmas, so that may have been why). The location was ideal. There was plenty to see and do within walking distance and some nice and pubs on the street. The tube and a rail station were both around the corner. The heat to the room was excessive, regardless of what level we set the thermostat. We were able to keep the room comfortable by leaving the windows open any time we were in the room. On the second to last day, we were able to turn off the heat.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great value for money	Room not ready when we arrived so left our bags and when we returned we had been upgraded to a family apartment. It was huge, separate sitting room, dining room and large kitchen It had two bebrooms with very comfy beds and a 50&quot; television. Breakfast was good, they kept running out of things but they were soon replaced.Location was about two tube rides away for anywhere central but the tube station was just around the corner.All in all great hotel with friendly service, would definitely use again, great value for money.	
Dec 19 2007 	Nice but a little small and too hot!	The hotel seemed nice and was in an excellent location, the room itself was small but had nice decor and good facilities, i was however rather disapointed, the reviews made me imagine something alot better than it actually was, the bed was comfy and the bathroom was very clean with modern fixtures, the air conditioning was very poor - we thought it was broken but when a man came to look at it he said it was working fine! So we had a rather uncomfortable sleep as the window just looked out into an enclosed area of wall!There was a flatscreen tv, a hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities but somehow the dimensions of the room and the heat spoiled it for me, i think for the same money there are much better hotels in London - depends if you value convience more because London Bridge Hotel certainly has that.Nice but not as nice as many other similarly priced hotels.	
Dec 12 2007 	Will stay again - great location	Lovely clean comfortable hotel. Staff very helpful and welcoming. Will go back for next London trip. Very near Borough market - foodie heaven - and handy for O2. Really good turkish restaurant near too.	
Dec 12 2007 	Nice hotel	Nice hotel in av quiet street close to rail- and tubestation. Nice rooms with large and soft bed with thick duvet and lots of pillows. Large LCD-television and modern furiture in the room, no noise from traffic. Clean bathroom with tub.Breakfast buffet was good. Staff friendly and helpful.We stayed three nights, and will stay at the same hotel again.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great London Hotel	Our 4th stay this year. Great value for the location. Breakfast excellent and rooms clean and functionally chic. The staff on all four visits have been friendly and polite.	
Dec 8 2007	Friendly and helpful staff.	From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a great ambiance and very welcoming staff. The room wasn't the biggest but plenty big enough for a weekend away. Well decorated and extremely clean. Very comfortable twin beds and no noise from other rooms or outside. Breakfast included in very good room rate was first class, with huge choice and very high standard. Plenty of helpful staff meant it was kept fresh and offered full availability at all times. On the whole the hotel added a great deal to our weekend away and all staff without exception of the highest calibre.	
Dec 7 2007 	Pretty Pretty Good	Booked rooms for my Dad (coming from NYC) and I (coming from L.A.) - My dad arrived before I did and got a single room - Please, for the love of God, do NOT book yourself into one of these rooms. He's a senior and his deal was cheap so he didn't complain.My room wasn't ready until 2pm. When 3pm rolled around I started to get a bit grumpy (looong plane ride from LA). However, they upgraded me to a King room (#318) which was absolutely delicious.All of the other reviews are correct - great room, great shower, comfortable, updated, etc.The concierge was excellent is finding restaurants (Fish, around the block is pretty good, the Steak place... not so much) and even booked me a rail pass to Diss.There are two underground tube lines with many entrances throughout the neighborhood and even another line right across the bridge. So convenient! London Bridge and Tower of London are easy walking distances and there's even a Starbucks nearby.The pound was ridiculous (2 bucks+ for every buck), but what are you gonna do?Thanks tripadvisor and to those who have previously reviewed. You didn't let me or my dad down.	
