	A Tad better than Tourist Class	We were cautious about a hotel in a converted terrace house, since the sound transmission of every footfall from the room above in a Pimlico (Belgrave Road) tourist class hotel a few years ago kept me awake each night. At the Academy I was sure to request a top-floor room in advance and on arrival--and having just read that so many others suffered the heavy footsteps of their upstairs neighbors, I'm so glad I did and very grateful to have been granted one (the pretty but uncharming clerk repeated that he could &quot;not guarantee anything&quot;). The interior storm windows were effective in reducing street noise. I'll very briefly list the strengths--location, location, location, near lots of interesting restaurants, shops, the British Museum, and the University of London. The decor is charming, too, as most reviewers have already said. The weaknesses center on attention to detail. I had to ask twice to have the light over the bathroom sink repaired. The bottled water was missing the last day. Neither were the coffee packets replaced over the three-day stay. The tiny bar of soap (in the shape of a frog) was never replaced, nor were the fine shower amenities (shampoo, conditioner, body wash). The drains in the bathroom smelled, and on the second day the wakeup call came 40 minutes late. And the last night a attic exhaust fan whirred noisily. The front desk staff is polite but undertrained. I booked the room through the hotel Web site and would highly recommend booking through Kayak or another consolidator, so as to pay in American dollars, if that is your currency. (The dollar declined so badly that we ended up paying $233 per night for a tiny room.) I'd certainly stay Bloomsbury again but would try for the Hotel Russell.	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent stay in London	The reviews do not rave enough about this hotel. It was perfect. The service excellent and friendly. Understated luxury and quality throughout the hotel. Beautiful decor. We had a stay of one night for business, and I was sorry only to spend a few comfortable and peaceful hours there.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fabulous	I stayed at the Acedemy last year before Christmas with my Sister and experienced a few individual mishaps which rather spoilt our stay. Having said this the service and staff were very professional. On checking out, the Manager spoke to me personally and advised that he would like to welcome me back to the hotel to 'experience it as it is meant to be'.At the time I honestly thought 'year right' but as I was offered a great deal for a suite I thought I would give it another go as the location is fantastic.Almost one year Iater on, the promise was honoured and I was given a great deal on a suite which inlcuded the romance package as we were visiting London to celebrate my Husbands' birthday. This time the experience was totally different. The staff were still charming but the room was much much better. We had a lovely large suite with a huge comfy four poster, a sofa, mini bar, TV etc. We also had a plate of chocolate covered strawberries, a vase of 24 pink long stemmed roses (which I took home and are still in my living room) and a full size bottle of champage. on our first morning we also had a fantastic cooked breakfast in bed.The bathroom was quite opulent with a marble sink, but not huge and had seen better days, although it was perfectly functional and spotlessley clean.The general decoration was very befitting of an older style property and I'm glad they haven't modernised it in that 'boutiquey' way which seems to have become the boutique hotel uniform.The hotel is smack bang in the middle of everything, covent garden etc. The location can't be beat and, for this reason I feel that the full price of £170 per night for such a large suite in the middle of the city is great value for money. The romance package usually costs £55 which includes the chanpagne, roses, chocolates and the breakfast in bed which is an absolute bargain!! (So many other chain hotels just give you a tiny box of thorntons chocolates and a half bottle of champers.) I would deffinitely stay there next time I visit London. I would ensure, however that I go for a suite rather than a standard room as they really are very small.	
Oct 1 2009 	a little gem	Hard to fault this hotel. I did request a quiet room and mine overlooked a courtyard garden with fountain. The location, on Gower St only minutes from Soho, China Town, the theatres and the rest is great. The staff were lovely, plenty of space in the room, good bathroom, delicious breakfast, and given the high costs of london hotels, I thought the cost (through laterooms.com) was fine.	
Sep 25 2009 	A lovely surprise	I stayed here for 1 night whilst attending a function in London. I was really surpised by the hotel - the service at the desk was friendly and efficient, the room was well appointed and although I think there was a vent close by the bed was sooo comfortable that it didn't spoil my sleep. 2 minor things - there was no hairdryer in my room and the shower wall mounting was broken. Very minor and I would probably stay here again.	
Aug 28 2009 	"Excellent location and good service"	We booked a suite and it was worth it to have the extra space. The room was well appointed and very comfortable. We went into a regular room and it did seem a bit crowded. As we were there for 5 nights, it was well worth it to be able to have a bit more living room, so to speak. The service was very good and they were very helpful at the front desk. Breakfast was delightful and well worth it -- a bit pricey, but so convenient that it made for a very relaxed start to the day.Location is excellent and it is very easy to get around from here on foot -- or by cab, and on the underground. Definitely would stay here again - in a suite, however. And as for those who mention &quot;carrying your luggage to your room&quot; up relatively narrow stairswells, it's true, but they'll gladly do it for you.I booked through Expedia and got a good rate -- it seemed to be better than what I could have received through the hotel site directly. However, I did book several months in advance and that could have changed closer to the date.	
Aug 27 2009 	Charming 	Not only charming and well located, cozy and with a very helpful staff. Standard rooms are tiny however spotless, suites well sized, charming livings rooms and gardens. Worth, it will be repeated.	
Aug 25 2009 	Slipping up on the small things.....	We've stayed before at The Academy and booked this time around under a three nights for the price of two offer for both leisure and for me, a short business meeting.The deal also included a free room upgrade on the third night, subject to availability. We knew the regular rooms were fairly compact due to the nature of the hotel having been converted from 18th century buildings. Despite this, we found them comfortable and cosy before and this time was no exception.But, for the reputation that this hotel would like to retain, it's a pity it slips up on things. Complimentary water was available on the first night when we arrived, but next day after the room was cleaned, there was none left in the room, We asked for it and it was sent up, but we shouldn't have had to ask. Additionally, only one bath towel was left in our room after room was cleaned following the first night. Also, after we arrived late on a Friday, we decided to have our breakfast sent up to the room the following morning. We filled out the order form, hung it on the door handle outside and next morning woke awaiting breakfast. About 10 minutes after the time it was due to arrive, I checked the outside door handle, and sure enough the order form filled out the night before was still there. We went to the breakfast room instead, where the staff are great. Reception was apologetic about failing on the order front, but it shouldn't have happened.We returned to the hotel late in the afternoon after our second night and nothing had been said to us about our room upgrade. It should have been, and we shouldn't have had to ask at reception about it ourselves, which we did. Even at that, we were immediately told that it was subject to availability. I asked if there were any upgrade rooms available, but was told it the hotel was pretty much full. I asked if there were any rooms to upgrade to, and was told there was a suite &quot;if we really wanted to move&quot;. We did, helped with our bags by a very helpful Jason. But the point is, again, we shouldn't have had to ask about the upgrade - they should have pre-empted us and made a point of informing us that we could upgrade that night. After all, they're the ones who offered the deal - if they're not keen on fulfilling it, why bother?Also, upon checking out, the receptionist charged us in euro on my credit card, despite me informing her I wanted to be billed in sterling. She assured me I would be, but I wasn't, which means I paid a little bit more than I should have - not much at all, but again, it was just poor service execution and I'd hate to think the hotel does this for some ulterior motive rather than simply poor staff training.Anyway, we still like this hotel, but it's a pity that things can be hit and miss. The location is great, but the hotel is in danger at some stage in the not too distant future of being remembered as a 'great hotel', as it slowly transforms to being a run of the mill one, due largely to service standards.	
Aug 25 2009 	Lovely place! Great Service!	What can I say? Thank you Academy Hotel for the wonderful weekend with my partner and our two friends! When I booked online two rooms at the Academy hotel in London I was a little concerned because if you read the previous pages you'll find many negative reviews about this place. My stay at the Academy hotel was wonderful! I booked two standard rooms for a very good price if you consider the fact that the hotel is in central London and close to everything! The British Museum is just a short stroll away... When we arrived al 10.00 am they stored our luggage until the late afternoon when we came back from our tour of central London, just to find out that they had upgraded both our rooms for free to beautiful suites!!! I could not believe my own eyes when I entered the room! Large room with flat screen TV, airconditioning, a sofa, large closet with a safe, minibar, clean and comfortable bathroom with amenities like shampoo, conditioner, bath foam, bath robe... Classical music was played by the radio. No noise was coming from the street and from other rooms, very comfortable beds, free tea, coffee, cocoa, apples... My friends needed a plug converter and it was available in minutes and delivered directly to the room. In previous reviews people complained about the rude staff at the front desk and about the service in general. During our stay every person of the staff I met in the hotel was kind and helpful. They stored our luggage both when we arrived and when we left. They helped us planning our trip to the Kew Gardens... they were extremely kind and always replied with a smile... I have not found the rude and unfriendly staff other reviews talk about. Maybe I was just lucky, but I don't think so. Great Job! I'll be back!	
Aug 14 2009 	Good Location good breakfast but........	Our bedroom was located on the 5th floor the good news was that it was relatively quiet the bad news was that the natural light was very limited. I agree with the last two reviewers very small bathrooms and the extras the company make an issue about were hit and miss. Our room was not cleaned until 3.30pm one day after two complaints the ratione being room cleaning is between 8am and 5pm not good enough. The turn down service and mineral water was a joke, the first day she knocked and came into the room at 4pm we had only been in the romm 1 hour she di not leave the minera water. Day 2 we had rfoom clean plus turn down without us even going in the room. Day 3 I have already said we did not even have the basic and turn down never happened. I hoped the recvpetionist who was happy to take £360 off us would ask us if we had had a pleasant stay etc, nothing so my complaints come on trip advisor. Great shame as I would like to visit this hotel again due to location and good breakfast but the room was tto small and too little natural light. The bathroom the other reviewers have commented on this well but their comments are very accurate	
Aug 9 2009 	Good location terrible bathroom	The location is what drew us to this hotel, in Bloomsbury near Euston station/tube stations, close to the British Museum, etc. However, it's a good job we didn't plan on spending much time hanging round our hotel room! Check-in was fine, in a lovely lobby area, very tastefully decorated and stylish. We were shown to our room on the third (and top) floor. The room was very small but clean and comfortable enough, and looked like it did on the website. But when we saw the bathroom, we didn't know whether to laugh or cry! As a previous reviewer has noted, the bathroom was minuscule with very basic equipment shoe-horned in. The basin was about the size of a postage stamp, and when you turned a tap on a noise emitted from the pipes. The shower wasn't the newest and wasn't great, so I didn't linger. It wasn't dirty, but yellow with age and not exactly very pretty. Our air conditioning unit wasn't working either and the room was boiling (nb: even though it was August, it wasn't particularly warm so god help people staying in there in hot weather). I rang the reception and they sent someone to look at it. Promptly, someone (one of the regular staff I'd seen carrying bags, not a maintenance person) came to our room to have a look at the unit and said there was nothing he could do to fix it. He did, though, have a fan outside if we wanted it - so we did as we would have sweltered otherwise. His bringing the fan with him made me think they already knew the air con wasn't working in this room and previous people had also complained. I hope they get round to fixing it! The advertised free water didn't materialise on the first night either. It's just little things like this that make you feel a bit let down, so it's difficult to know if I'd recommend this hotel. Overall, it is a nice place with character in a good location. I'd say stay there if you're not planning on spending too much time in your room and make sure the air conditioner is working if it's summer and you're on the top floor!	
Aug 8 2009 	Fails to meet its marketing hype	A promising start when we were welcomed into the charming reception room for registration. Sadly, our double room was not up to the standards that the Eton Group claim in their marketing material. As someone who stays in hotels on a regular basis,(including central London hotels), I take a pragmatic view of what is and what is not reasonably acceptable and this room certainly failed on a number of important areas. First impresions were pretty good, until we found the ensuite 'bathroom'. This consisted of a module shoe-horned into a corner of the room; think railway carriage wash-hand basin, but smaller. Even worse, it was cracked in several places, (as was the lid of the toilet cistern), and neither tap gave anything more than a feeble trickle of water. Rather alarmingly, when the cold tap was turned on, water leaked from the spindle of the hot tap, and vice versa. The result of this was a gradually forming pool of water which then ran onto the floor. The shower was as weak as the flow of water from the taps and the plastic ceiling of the 'module' carried browny yellow splatter marks of many, many months or even years. There was also a rather unpleasant smell on opening the door. Room for only one of us at a time too.Other shortcomings of the room included water stains on the ceiling, a flickering main ceiling light, tired, marked and old decoration, a bedside cabinet with the door hanging off and curtains that could only be drawn across the front of the desk and mini bar that were located in the bay window. This meant no access to either desk or minbar once the curtains had been drawn and a rather disconcerting 'bellying out' of the drawn curtains remeniscent of a Victorian lady's dress. A tea and coffee making tray was found inside the broken bedside cabinet, but there was no power socket to plug it into, unless one searched around for an already being used floor-level socket behind the wardrobe or other bedside cabinet. Importantly, and worryingly, not one single electrical item in the room carried a PAT label, other than the hairdryer, and that label was so old that it was impossible to see when it had been tested. This is a legal requirement. The details of the hotel provided in the thoughtfully placed 'Summit' hotels directory in the desk drawer drew our attention to, amongst other delights promised at the Academy, the complementary mineral water, slippers and CD player in every room. We had none of these, not even a clock radio beside the bed. Soundproofinig between floors is zero, so we could track each footfall of the guests in the room above ours. Luckily, they did not use their television or CD player. (perhaps they didn't have one either). On the plus side, the bed and bedding were good, (although no spare pillows), the garden area and conservatory are a pleasant and calm oasis in this central London boutique hotel. The location is good and the breakfast room and bar are delightful; in fact the breakfast was the best I've had for many a year, served by friendly and helpful staff. On checkout I provided constructive criticism to the receptionist, who to be fair was sympathetic and apologetic. He made a careful note of my concerns and promised that the manager would contact me. Nothing so far and I guess that if he/she was going to, it would have happened by now. I paid £280 for 2 nights bed and breakfast and, for roughly the same money, I could have stayed in a bigger hotel and received far better facilities and standards. It's a shame that the Acedamy markets itself as something special but fails to deliver on some very basic standards.	
Jul 22 2009 	A FIND AFTER STAYING AT 2 OTHER PLACES	We received a very warm welcome at the Academy after staying at 2 other places which were far from pleasant.The room was clean with very comfortable bedding . Large bathroom with bath,shower. Close to shops were you could buy food and drinks.Fridge in room was useful; for drinks etc. nice malaysian restaurant close by. Buses across the road to city. 2 Tube stations close by. Garden was very nice and sitting room/library was a pleasant place to read the papers. Staff very helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be close to center of london without too much traffic noise and convenience of all facilities close by	
Jul 20 2009 	Super hotel spot on service	We have just stayed for the weekend at The Academy and what a lovely stay we had. Our room was upgraded to a suite which was totally unexpected but fabas it was my birthday. The suite was a good size by London standards and we found the staff to be incredibly polite and attentive. The hotel has a quaint courtyard-style garden which, had it not rained would have been great to sit in and read the Sunday papers. There are several hotels in Gower Street but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel over all the others. We couldn't have felt further from busy London had we tried yet we were only 5 mins in a cab from Covent Garden. The staff, attention to detail in each room and location of the hotel were fabulous.	
Jul 11 2009 	Close to the action	Cozy hotel and great location. Very good service. Walking distance to everything you want to see in London. Some of the rooms though are below\or sidewalk level.	
Jun 10 2009 	A nice hotel but beware of room 20	My wife and I have stayed at the Academy a number of times, and we've previously found it to be comfortable, friendly, in an excellent location and, when booked at the right time, good value for money.All of the above was still true on this occasion, but our stay was spoiled by our room.We were given room 20, a reasonable sized double, with a small shower-room, and this was perfectly fine and all we'd come to expect from the Academy until we were awoken at 3am by the the sound of movement in the room above.As the guest above us walked around their room, a succession of creaks and bangs could be heard clearly and loudly in our room.The following night the same thing happened and we were woken up again, and then on the third night a new occupant (according to reception), kept us awake by moving around after midnight.I don't think the other guests were behaving in a particularly noisy manner, and if they wanted to be up late that was clearly up to them. Also, you might expect a few creaks and groans and plumbing sounds from a hotel in old building, but what we experienced went beyond that and would seem to be a fundamental problem with the sound insulation in room 20.So, by all means stay at the Academy. It's a nice hotel and has a lot going for it, but if you're given room 20, I would ask if anything has been done about noise coming into the room from upstairs, and if it hasn't then ask for a different room - or take some earplugs.	
May 20 2009 	Definitely a hidden gem	Stayed for one one night on a business trip to London - central enough and very good value for money at the rate paid - but not at the rack rate. The single room was not spacious but certainly adequate, comfortable and well equiped. Only small downside was decidedly dodgy reception on the in-room TV but the radio was a nice touch.The public rooms add lots of character as does the potential for sitting outside in the garden when the weather matches the mood!!I would certainly return to the hotel and would also consider it for a romantic weekend away with the better half.	
May 19 2009 	nice cozy charming hotel	Found the hotel very charming. Good friendly &amp; discreet service. Location is very good for the West End, Covent garden, Eurostar. Gower Street feels a bit like the main road that it is although much calmer at the weekend. Nearest tube in any direction is a 10-15 min walk with luggage.We had a room at the back of the hotel which was lovely ,overlooking the garden with its small pond and large leafy tree. Garden itself was a bit scruffy with ashtrays full of butts and rainwater and what looked like a 3 day old breakfast tray left out but from the room you didn't see this. Bed was very comfy, good sheets, duvet, pillows; Shame no bath in our room only shower so worth asking for one next time. Would choose this hotel over a big London hotel where one is always lining up for the reception, elevators, breakfast or something. The weekends around this part of town are very calm but one is never too far away from something. Lovely streets in the area and leafy.	
May 5 2009 	A hotel I was happy to come back to at the end of the day	The Academy is in a terrific location - a couple of blocks from the British Museum, with a Tube station around the corner and plentiful bus service to the West End, Trafalgar Square and Victoria Station. Gower Street is lined with lovely old townhouses, most of which (like the Academy) have been converted into hotels. My room (bedroom with en suite bathroom) was in the basement, and although it faced the street, I was undisturbed by trafic noise. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was more than adequate, and there was an electric teakettle and a box of teabags, etc. on the desk. The only drawback, being a basement room, was that there was little light from outside, but the room was provided with sufficient lamps that this wasn't a problem. The staff was unfailingly helpful and cordial. There is a dining room on the premises, but I didn't use it - the prices seemed a little steep, and anyway, why eat at your hotel when you're in the heart of London? This was a lucky choice, and I would gladly choose it again for my nest visit.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great location	This hotel is in a great location to go to the theatre, only 10 minutes walk for us. It was in a really nice area away from the main hustle and bustle. We got a room at the back of the hotel and so could not hear traffic noise but did not get a very good nights sleep because we could hear every movement other guests made around the hotel. Walking up and down the stairs, round their bedroom, even going to the toilet!! It was a real shame because the beds were extra comfy. A friend had another room in the hotel and didn't hear any noise at all. The breakfast was really good value and the staff were polite and helpful.	
Feb 14 2009 	Classy Cozy boutique hotel	Seemed like a really nice hotel, small rooms but several sitting rooms decorated in period (or period-ish - I'm not an architect) style. Unlike a previous reviewer, a porter carried my bag to my room, where I found soft classical music on the radio, a bowl of apples on the desk and a bottle of mineral water by the bed. Continental breakfast was pricey at $11 but very good.I only wish I could have stayed the full two nights I'd booked, but the weather delayed my arrival 28 hours so it was bounce in, bounce out.	
Feb 4 2009 	Little London gem	This little London gem is hidden away in a lovely backstreet of Bloomsbury - 10 mins walk from Tottenham Court Road, 15 mins from Soho. The prices are better if you book direct and make sure breakfast is included (£5 extra for room service) - it's fantastic. Contrary to some reviews, we found the staff very friendly. Ask for a room at the back if you want it very quiet as there is some street noise that the hotel can't do anything about. We had the Virginia Wolff suite which was extremely confortable with four poster bed, small living area, flat screen TV, tea/coffee making facilities, music playing softly when we arrived. The bathroom is a little tired but more than adequate with a very good shower over the bath and Molton Brown toilettries. We booked a car parking space in one of their rented garages nearby - it felt very safe leaving the car there. I travel a lot and can be very critical of hotels, but 10 out of 10 for this.	
Jan 14 2009 	Beautiful Small Boutique Hotel in Bloomsbury	Stayed in London 4 nights during a nasty cold spell. Couldn't have asked for a cozier spot (crackling fireplace in the reception area), a nicer, more accommodating staff, or a more charming and pleasant room. Because they were advertising a winter special I was able to book a suite at a good price, and it was a very reasonable size for a London hotel room. The decor was lovely -- tasteful and luxurious. The room had a safe large enough for my laptop, as well as the requisite mini-bar, well-stocked, a hot-pot with instant coffee &amp; tea bags, and a constantly refreshed supply of Granny Smith apples. Large, flat-screen TV with plenty of offerings and a very nice radio which was tuned to a classical music station when I arrived. Wi-fi is extra but was fast and reliable. Everything was immaculate. One evening I returned late to find my bed turned down and a free water. I usually don't eat breakfast but did on the day I left for the long trip back home. It was delectable - fresh cheeses and fruits with good variety, yogurt &amp; muesli, rolls &amp; croissants, an assortment of juices, along with options for a more substantial English meal. Room service is available 24/7 and was quite good, plenty of choices, and reasonable.The bed was exceptionally comfortable and the room quiet. There was some street noise despite the double-glazing so if this is a concern, one should ask for a room at the back of the hotel. The hotel is very well located close to museums, UCL, and multiple underground sations. The front desk is more than happy to make bookings and to recommend local eateries, etc. The staff is international and all are highly professional. The stairs? No problem -- a porter will gladly carry bags, fetch an iron, etc.I was very pleased with the Academy and would certainly return.	
Nov 19 2008 	a good choice in london	as some rated this hotel as 4-5 grade and some 1-2, i'll give here some of my impressions that might help one decide if to stay here or not: - location is superb. walking distance from 4 tube stations and short walking distance from real magor sites and attractions.  - service is not perfect. absolutly suficient, especially if you know how to ask things to be done for you. but one does need to help things happen to him. it's not a spoiling treatment.  - rooms and public areas are beautiful, very nicely decorated and very comfortable. furniture are of very good taste. people who prefer beauty and esthetics might prefer here over a plain standard hotel.  - small nice garden with goldenfish pond and sitting corners (for summer).  - wonderfull wonderfull breakfast, incl. amasing selection of fresh exotic fruits. make sure to include it in the room rate. wonderful service in this part of the hotel. - this hotel's stuff are mostly of foreign origin. they are all helpful and nice, but they are not english. one will not find here the tipical english behaviour or accent.  - in front rooms the traffic might be heard. back rooms are very quiet, apart from the sound of the water fountain in the garden.  - voices from coridores and other rooms' doors can be heard in rooms. but each coridor has only few rooms, so there are not too many people going outside a certain room. - many complementry treats: mineral water; safe in room; newspapers in room, in dinning room and in conservatory (lounge); appels in room; bath robe; slippers; making tea/cofee/choclate facilities; radio-disk player.- single rooms are small. i mean small. but have all the above mentioned pros, + large storage area. my bottom line: i loved it	
Oct 28 2008 	So cosy!	We have just returned from the Academy, and would surely recommend it ! We find it very special, cosy, situated in a VERY quite street, nothing special from the outside, but special inside/We had a room on the groundfloor with 3 windows and garden view. It was a felling that you came to your english aunt's countryhouse, where there is a library with a fireplace and pretty small garden. I didn't like, that breakfast was not included in the price, but when i saw fresh strawberries, and wildberries with blueberries, i gave up.But: that's true that you can hear the sounds from the koridor	
Oct 15 2008 	Definitely no	I have just returned from the Academy hotel and would not recommend it to anyone! When we arrived our room wasn't ready which was fair enough as we were early but when we returned at 2pm which was check-in time our room still wasn't ready and we had to wait over 45 mins for it.There were 57, yes 57 steps up to our room with no lift in the hotel, and when you get to the top to find your key card doesn't work its not too nice to realise you've to walk down and back up the steps to get into your room! The beds in the room were very comfortable but the rooms were extremely noisy. You could hear everything from other rooms - showers, toilets flushing and such noisy floorboards in the corridors! Not to mention the cleaners starting to hoover corridors at 8am (and no soundproofing between corridor and rooms either).Definitely better to be had in London for the money. Will not be returning.	
Sep 1 2008	Wonderful Satay	Me and my mum stayed in this hotel for one night. We booked a twin room which was beautifully furnished and even had Molton Brown toiletries. The beds were extremely comfortable and after a long day walking the streets of London a good nights sleep was definately important. A good nights sleep i got. Even though it is in a busy Bloomsbury you would never have thought it. The area was excellent with just a 15 minute walk to Covent Garden and Oxford Street, which both do not require excellent map reading skills as they are easy to find. The staff were extremely helpful and very welcoming, and the continental breakfast was very good. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a comfortable stay in a well situated Georgian town house.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good hotel in Bloomsbury	Stayed here for two nights in August 08. The hotel is well located in the Bloomsbury area, just of Tottenham Court Road and not far from the West End theatres, Oxford Street etc. Nearest tube station (Goodge Street) is about 5-10 mins walk . The hotel and our room were very nice and the staff were friendly. Breakfast was lovely and one of the nicer ones I've had in a London hotel - cooked breakfast was made to order and the continental breakfast was plentiful and included lots of different types of fresh fruit. The room was fine and the bed very comfortable. No noise from other guests or outside, so had a very peaceful night's sleep. Only slight niggles were that the room and bathroom were quite small - ok for a couple of days stay but would have been quite cramped if stayed longer. Also there was no lift and as we were staying on the top floor we didn't enjoy the trips up the stairs! Overall though, this hotel was good value for money and would recommend it.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great quirky hotel	Booked this hotel after searching the web for a reasonably priced hotel. This did not dissapoint. We arrived about 11.00ish checked our bags in with no problems. Very quick and polite reception staff. Went back to hotel later and went straight to room. Room was nice size with a lovely soft bed, one of the most comfortable i have ever slept in. We had fresh apples in the room and complimentary water and papers during our stay. Did not stay for breakfast so cannot comment there.Check out was quick and again polite. Left our bags until later in the day, again with no problems.Hotel is in a great location although the 10 minute walk to Regent Street is a bit under estimated.... ok if your Seb Co though!!!!. Tube station is a 10 min walk.Catch the tube if your going to Victoria Palace Theatre. Much quicker and cheaper than a taxi. £20 for a 15 min journey is a bit extreme.	
Jul 28 2008 	Avoid this place	This hotel stood out for me when I was looking on the internet for a mid range priced hotel in a good location. It is made up of 5 georgian houses which I thought would give the place a bit of character and elegance. In actual fact, it means that the rooms are tiny, there is a shabby feel to the fittings and there is no lift. As my room was on the top floor this meant hauling bags up and down 5 flights of steep stairs - in 30 degree humid London heat this was no fun. The rooms do have air conditionning though so that was a plus. But that was the only plus.The bathroom was the tiniest I have ever seen - fascinating really how they managed to get the fittings in atall. The light above the mirror didn't work, the kettle didn't work and nor did the safe. They had the usual Molton Brown shower gel and shampoo but when I used most of this on the first day they didn't replace it on the second day which is a meanness that I have never experienced before. I would not stay here again - the area was great though so would definitely recommend staying somewhere nearby but give this place a miss if you want to really enjoy your visit to London.	
Jul 27 2008 	Totally overpriced	Most of reviews here are positive so was guided by this. Disappointing experience. Room itself OK but very small. Public areas v. down at heel and staff, whilst nice, seemed to not be quite with it. Would have been OK except for the price. Very expensive for what is on offer. There is much better value out there, in nicer parts of London.	
Jul 25 2008 	Quality small hotel in Bloomsbury	Booked a night with lastminute.com at the last minute - good rate.Small but very comfortable room; it was a hot night so the air-con was a saviour. Reception staff a bit do-lally and cold. Safe and blinds in room did not work; staff aware though. Shower a bit basic but okay; bathroom very small, but nice smellies etc.Breakfast well presented, of good quality and served in a quick and friendly manner.	
Jul 11 2008 	Winner of the Rudest Front Desk Staff Award	We stayed at The Academy at the very end of a month long vacation during which we had stayed at 9 other properties. On the plus side, the Academy had the most comfortable bed we slept in during our entire trip. The room was beyond small, but the bed was a piece of soft heaven after many very hard beds. And the breakfast staff were incredibly nice people. On the negative side, the person who worked the front desk was the rudest woman imaginable. It was like you were bothering her by checking in or checking out. As another review stated, &quot;check in time is 2:00 pm&quot;. She doesn't inform you there is a solarium you can sit in while you wait, she just offers to store your luggage and then sends you away. When we asked for a recommendation for lunch she drew a huge circle on a map and said &quot;there are many restaurants in this area&quot;. Wow! Thanks for the recommendation. At first I thought it was just us, but then, while we were sitting there waiting to check in, I saw that she treated everyone with disdain. I can't imagine why they hired her. Unfortunately she was there all 3 days of our stay so I have no other front desk person to compare. My advice to the hotel? Hire people who actually like your guests.	
Jul 8 2008 	Pricklystaff--Don't Waste Your Time and $$$	My friend and I stayed at the Academy on June 29th and June 30th, and received terrible service. We were fully expecting the great service that normally accompanies a boutique hotel. Instead, we were greeted by a grim woman who was all business, not one bit friendly or helpful. We arrived at 7am from a long transatlantic flight and asked for an early check-in, but they were adamant that we not get in the room until 2pm on the dot. In addition, I was quoted one price on the phone when i called them directly to reserve and they ended up charging me more than what they originally stated in the phone call. Very shady practice, indeed.The staff did not know anything about the local attractions and they were dismissive with any questions. In fact, will I was trying to get some basic info out of Sandra (like what time the London EYe closed, for instance, which she didn't have a clue about, nor did she offer to find out), I saw the doorman blatantly roll his eyes at my question. Rude, rude, and rude.Do not recommend.	
Jul 3 2008 	Mixed Experience	I booked a single room at The Academy for a long weekend. The hotel itself seemed fine, and the location is very convenient, even though Gower Street is pretty busy. Unfortunately, my room was the smallest hotel room in which I have ever stayed, even in London: it was a low-ceilinged addition to the original building with a single bed in it, and was dark and rather depressing. I asked for another room that evening, but there was nothing available. The next day they allowed me to upgrade to a double room for a modest enough amount, and it completely transformed my experience: it was more like a junior suite. If you plan to stay here, I would strongly recommend trading up to a double, or going elsewhere. The staff were courteous, and the bathrooms have the usual Molton Brown toiletries, etc., but if you want a room that at all resembles their website photos you have to pay a bit more.	
Jun 30 2008 	Disgusting service and rude pretentious staff	I stayed at the Academy on Thursday 19th June in a twin room for one night. Whilst I found the room pleasant, I cannot say the same of the service I was provided, in particular the reception desk staff. Our breakfast was served cold. The waiting staff took it back to the kitchen and returned 15 minutes later. I was disgusted to find the breakfast was re-heated (We knew this because the poached eggs were now hard and covered in black pepper – which we had sprinkled on the first time we were presented with them). To my amazement and despite it being re-heated, parts of the breakfast were still cold. The staff asked if they should ‘try again’. I told them we would eat elsewhere. Upon checking out, the reception desk asked me to pay for the tea and coffee we had at breakfast. I explained that we had not eaten breakfast and that I would not be paying for refreshments I had whilst waiting for the Chef to cook a breakfast and the waiting for it to be re-heated. At no point during this conversation was an apology offered. I was extremely disappointed in the attitude of the reception desk staff member who appeared pretentious and rude. I also find it astonishing that the hotel can charge £15 for breakfast that it not up to standard. I will not be using this hotel again. Dr Simpson	
Jun 18 2008	Pleasant hotel unpleasant staff questionable billing practices	We stayed at the Academy while on business with University College London, which booked it for us.Hotel is quiet, great location, pleasant rooms (although rather dark in &quot;English&quot; dark and rainy weather) but staff is not helpful--and I would pay very very careful attention to your bill afterwards.We were charged twice for 1 minibar item, after a lengthy exercise in which one us attempted to pay for it. We have not yet resolved this error--they basically ripped us off.We were quoted a laughably inaccurate rate when we inquired about taxi rates to St. Pancras train station, even after the staff consulted a &quot;notebook&quot;.We were not offered breakfast as part of our stay, so I find it interesting that other reviewers got breakfast.We were first put in a dark, cramped garret room, and it took a lot of work to get moved to a larger room when one became available. One of the staff is basically ornamental (a pretty young east European woman) but incompetent.There are literally dozens of other very similar hotels to this in Bloomsbury (small hotels made out of several townhouses joined together)--I would guess that some of them are a better deal with better staff.	
Jun 9 2008 	Ripped Us Off - Literally!!!!	Booked partially from the review page that says such lovely things on tripadvisor. This hotel continues to be a financial nightmare a month later. I was charged twice, once with a 3.5% &quot;US Conversion Fee&quot; that I refused to sign, and a second time without the fee. They've YET TO REMOVE either charge a month later.They also charged a 17.5% GRATUITY (over and above the VAT) that they refused to remove. Service was mediocre at best while we were there, and has been disgraceful since we are home.They never removed the first charge, which was ona debit ard and went directly out of my account, and no matter how much proof I fax them they still refuse to even acknowledge my emails. Horrible, horrible place.	
May 25 2008 	A Great Hotel	My husband and myself loved this hotel. We had read some of the reviews on this site and where a little apprehensive. The whole experience of staying at the Academy was excellent throughout. The staff were attentive and helpful at all times. The room was clean and spacious. Breakfast: both cooked and continental was just right, plenty of choice. The parking was very reasonable and secure in a lock up garage.The hotel was central with easy access to all the tourist attractions. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and couldn't fault anything. Staying at the Academy topped off an amazing weekend in London.	
Mar 23 2008 	The Only Answer Is "No".	I booked at the Academy because I wanted to stay in Bloomsbury again and the hotel had a decent rating on Expedia. I liked the idea it was a bunch of converted townhouses and thought that might add an element of charm to the digs. It does not. I won't complain about the small room size because that's what Europe is all about unless you're staying in very posh accomodations. Travelling alone, quality of staff and amenities trump room size every time. I'll begin with the positives so you can skip right to the bad stuff at the end, if you're so inclined. The room was clean and the bathroom had modern fixtures, including an enclosed shower stall instead of a tub with a curtain like my previous hotel in London. The breakfast, both Continental and Full English, is nice and the basement restaurant is cozy with an attentive staff. Location wise, it is within easy walking distance to several tube stops, the shops of Tottenham Court Road, and the British Museum. It is a drag that you have to go at least two blocks to find a Tesco or Boots, both seeming to be on every other street in the city. Now, on to the little things that wore me down over my three night stay and would have caused me to go elsewhere had I planned on staying longer. My room was situated near the reception area in a very small hall with a fire door on each end. People in other areas walked through, slamming the doors at all hours. The walls are thin and you can hear creaking and talking from every direction. I'm not one to complain about lack of a view, usually, but I'd like a little more than air conditioning units and rotted wooden beams. There was an inroom safe, as advertised, but I kept getting a low battery message and it would not work. This was never fixed during my stay. I mentioned that the bathroom fixtures are new, and this is great. I would, however, appreciate it if when I sat on the toilet my shoulder wasn't pressed up against the edge of the sink! I didn't have any problems with the small shower enclosure but people of more than average height or girth might have a difficult time with it. The 24 hour room service shut down at 11:00pm (I guess it wasn't 24 hours in a row!). All of these little things are irksome and do add up to a moderatly negative experience. The worst part is that I could have laughed off most of these issues if the staff made any effort to treat me like a guest instead of a bother. All three of the concierge's I dealt with said &quot;No&quot; to every single request I had. No late check out. No baggage hold once I'd checked out. No, they didn't know where a store was, etc. They wouldn't even call for a real taxi and tried to stick me in some gypsy cab without markings or meter inside! On my last night, my room service order was delivered incorrecty and i had to go out to the front desk and ask the blank faced girl for help before someone told me they were out of the second part of my order. Was I supposed to guess for myself that they were out and that's why it was missing? She wasn't even slightly apologetic. I'm not even close to the &quot;Ugly American&quot; tourist stereotype but I do expect the hotel staff to make me feel like I'm a customer and not a bother. There are so many other hotels nearby that there is no reason to settle for this place, particularly because they don't seem to really want your business.	
Jan 2 2008	Outdated terrible service	All started in a very bad way.We did our reservations through the internet, but on arrival the clerk did not have the reserves. The check in took almost one hour – reservation problem, system problem, computer problem, etc, etc. After one our, we went to our room – terrible, with a huge smell of fresh paint. We asked for another room and it was as bad. Finally, after all the problems we got a decent room on the last floor with no elevator (watch out for heavy bags!).The room was quite small and outdated.The checkout was another problem, it took too much time and again payment\reservation problems.The location is not that good.	
Dec 4 2007 	Horrible	The room I had was to small as well as the bed and the room was a bit dark. The barthroom looked allright but you find better showers on east-european campings - the bit of wather what came out was freezing cold. Dont think about bringing a lot of lugage because there is no elevator so you have to carry youre stuff up tiny staircases. The location is excellent if you like the british museum.	
Dec 1 2007 	Don't waste your time 	Beware: check-in time is 2pm. If you're flying in from the States, you land at 0800. You'll get to the Academy at 0900. What next? Not their problem. Check-in time is at 2. There is no accomodation or negotiation: even for the elderly. The room truly is the size of a postage stamp.	
Oct 19 2007 	Atrocious	Not one of Summit's finer properties. Avoid at all costs.The shower was mildewed, the curtains torn and paperclipped into place to hang. Pillows torn and toilet wouldn't flush. No maid service for days, even after I made a specific request. Staff was also unattentive and ungracious. When I asked about getting a taxi, I was told to go take a walk to get one.	
Oct 2 2007 	worked really well for us	Spent a week at the Academy while settling kids into university in the UK. Suite was a good size. Really a king bed with a decent sized sitting area. Tea, kettle, cups etc all available along with stocked mini bar fridge and safe. Paid for 1 week internet wireless connection which worked without a hitch...on any laptop we opened in the room (and we had a few!), even three running at once. Can't remember what is cost except that for the number of us it made sense.Breakfast wasn't included in our booking ([--]) but we sprang for it one morning. It was really nice but ridiculously expensive. If you want the breakfast try to get it included in your quote, otherwise there are pleanty of Pret a Manger type breakfast places around for way less. The coffee (in a presse pot) was particularly good and we did have that a few times.Our sons started out in suite 21 (I think) upstairs (3 or 4 floor). I thought it had a funny smell. Kind of like they were trying to cover up a smell with a pine or eucalyptus air freshener. They really liked it though, and thought I was nuts. We stayed in suite 15 (1 floor up). It was darker than 21 but a nice room. Bathroom had bath/shower with very low shower nozzle. If you are taller than 5'5&quot; you will be on your knees in the shower. But water pressure and warm water were fine.Staff was adequately helpful, kitchen crew were quite lovely. Moved one son to a single room once the other had left. It was a small room with a single bed, but a great bathroom and very nicely appointed. If you had a lot of suite cases it would be too tight, but he kept the big cases in our room.Value was fine. Didn't feel like we got a fantastic deal, but by London standards we thought we had done fairly. We looked around at a number of other locations while we were there (myHotel, Radissson Kenilworth) and decided we'd probably stay at the Academy again if we got a fair price.	
Sep 20 2007 	Charming Hotel in London	I was searching for a decent hotel at a fair price and was able to book at the Academy. It is centrally located to a few tourist sites including the British Museum. It is also close to a few tube stations so easily accessible to almost anywhere you would like to go. The area is very nice and I felt safe coming back late at night as I was traveling with another female. The hotel itself has a charming courtyard and an attractive lobby. You must climb the stairs to get to your room as there is no lift. It can be quite a climb if you are on one of the top floors. The room itself is small, but the beds are comfortable and the room was clean. I could tell the furnishings including the carpet were a little worn, but it was tastefully decorated. The hotel advertised luxury (frette sheets and sparkling water), but I didn't see any of that. We did get free still water, but that's about it. The bathroom was clean, however the shower did not have enough pressure. In addition, it took awhile to flush the toilets. Overall, I would stay here again for the right price.	
Sep 17 2007 	Needs much improvement	We stayed at the Academy based mostly on location and price. This was out 5th trip to London and this was the worst place we have ever stayed. The location is great - walking distance to everything. That is seriously the only positive thing I can say. For starters, it was extremely difficult to communicate with the mostly, non-English speaking staff. The room were ridiculously small, and ours was on the 4th floor. They do not have lifts, so pack light! The porters work spotty hours and are not available in the early morning to help. The rooms were very dated and not well-kept. The towels provided for our family of three were 1 large towel and 2 bath mats....I called several times for extra towels and was told the hotel was full and that was all they had. The brochure states they have breakfast, in-room dining, etc, They did not offer this. I feel like we were scammed. London is great though - just need to find a better hotel next time.	
Sep 7 2007	Nice place	We stayed in this hotel for one night and it was really nice.The room is large and clean, and the location is really great, just few minutes from Oxford street, Totenham by walk.The only negative point was that there was no bath, only a shower, and the hot water was really long to come (nearly 5 or 6 minutes to have hot water !)But this is a nice place to stay and you'll be welcomed great.	
Aug 29 2007 	Would recommend the Academy	I stayed at the Academy over the bank holiday weekend (to escape the Notting Hill carnival) and really enjoyed it. I booked a Townhouse Single and was slightly concerned it might be very small (having read some of the earlier reviews) but was relieved to see it was a good size for a single room with a nice bathroom too.I noted the earlier comments about service but have nothing but good things to say about the staff who were very friendly and attentive. I didn't have a hairdryer in my room and this was soon sorted out (on the Sunday of a bank holiday weekend too) and I felt that nothing was too much trouble for them.The prices were good for that premium weekend in London (I booked via Hotels.com) and considering the good location in Bloomsbury (less than 5 mins to the British Museum and 10 mins to the new Brunswick shopping centre) I thought it was excellent value. It was about the same price as a budget hotel chain (like Premier Travel Inn) but superior quality.My only negative was that the breakfast was expensive for what it was. Would happily recommend the Academy.	
Aug 21 2007	Lovely stay at the Academy	My husband and I stayed at the Academy for 3 nights after 1 night at its sister hotel the Colonnade. We loved its convenient location and our lovely room. Our room window opened into the hotel garden where there are some tables. The daily breakfast was very good with various options. The coffee and fruit selection were the best we've had (even compared with 5-star hotels). We had an enjoyable stay at the Academy.	
Aug 2 2007	I recommend the place but you should know	Located near the university, it is at a 10 minutes walk from 2 tube stations, Euston Square and Russell Square. The room we had was really great: super nice bed and comforter, extra quiet air conditioning, nice bathtub. It was quiet, we didn't ear street noises. But the service wasn't as great. For instance, if you ask for a wake up call at 7:30 am, it will most likely be 20 minutes late or... you may never get it. They did not refill the shampoo or soap, the bottle was even taken without being replaced, while some was left.... They have an express check out (if you don't do it, it will take foreverer), but you still have to give them your credit card (again) and wait for them to process it). The front desk won't do calls or reservations for you. Note that they don't have hair conditioner, but they do have hair dryer. They have a minibar. The in room safety deposit box wasn't working. Phone calls are extremely expensive. And breakfasts are REALLY good and breakfast service is really good (they were nice and quick). One stupid idea they had was to refinish the hardwood floor in the up season. We were on the top floor and it smeeled a lot. We just opened the window for a few hours and then it was OK.Over all, I recommend the place.	
Jul 30 2007 	Surprisingly plesant	My husband and I stayed here on the weekend of 28th July. I booked a double room directly with the hotel for a good discounted price. The hotel's location is excellent for the west end, Covent Garden as well the British Museum and University College London. It was also very easy to hail a cab from right outside the hotel as it is a busy one way street.When we arrived at the hotel we were upgraded to a suite. It was spacious and elegant. The bed was enormous and very comfy. The room was clean and bright. The bathroom was average but adequate. However the room was stuffy and the air conditioner didn't work. We opened all the windows and rang reception. They sent someone straight away who couldn't fix it and said they would try to contact an engineer asap. So we went out for a drink and when we came back there was a bottle of chilled Mumm Champagne, glasses and a bowl of fresh strawberries. There was a note to say sorry for the inconvenience. Actually the room was cooled just by opening the windows and we didn't need the air conditioning, but it was a good customer services touch. We felt that the staff tried everything to help and were polite and courteous. I would recommend this hotel but if going in summer check that the air con is working as others have complained about this in their reviews.	
Jul 25 2007 	Stay Far Far Away!	This hotel advertises its &quot;quirkiness&quot;. Apparently quirkiness means that the bathroom will smell disgusting, there will be mold in the shower, and the air conditioner will hardly chug along enough to keep the room at a barely tolerable temperature. The teeny, tiny shower stall didn't drain properly the entire two week period of our stay, although there was nothing plugging it. I'm not exaggerating about the size of the stall either... there wasn't anywhere to put down a shampoo bottle because there wasn't enough room to bend down to pick it up. Even outside of the shower stall, there was about a single square foot of space. A folder containing important documents went missing from our room, and the front desk staff did not seem to care in the least. The only good part about this hotel was the two women working in the restaurant each morning at breakfast. It's a nice location, but not worth the smell or hassle.	
Jul 9 2007 	Depends on the room	Very nice location, quiet, walking distance to the West End, Covent Garden etc. 5 stations are within walking distance.Breakfast is excellent, staff very nice and helpful and a newspaper is delivered to your door every morning.The hotel building is an old Victorian townhouse so there are only stairs and the corridors are narrow, not practical for getting to and from your room with luggage but very charming and there is a garden.Don't stay in a single room, they are tiny, go for a double instead.It is a bit overpriced and there aren't any smoking rooms but would consider staying there again	
Jun 9 2007	Don't stay here	Don't stay here! Unless you are guaranteed a ground floor room don't even think about this hotel. The room I had was at the top of the this town house hotel -it smelt awful, the fan didn't work ,the bathroom was appalling and dirty and when I tried to open the windows for some air found that they were All Painted Shut! There was no fire escape -only way out is back down the narrow flights of stairs I came up -no access to any other stairs . Its a death trap . The manager tried to tell me that the fire brigade had told them they had to paint the windows shut -this is plainly a lie.The reception staff were rude and unprofessional and couldn't have cared less. Another guest told me that his ground floor room windows did openThe breakfast is fine and the staff in the breakfast room polite. I would never ever stay here again. And its not as though its cheap.	
Jun 2 2007 	Pleasant comfortable stay	We (husband and I) stayed here for one night on 31st May. I had found a very good deal on the hotel's own website and booked a large king &quot;suite&quot; (this actually seems to mean just a more spacious room with a sitting area). The room was clean and well-appointed, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Robes, slippers and complimentary mineral water (a nice touch) were provided. Also, there is an early evening turndown service.We found the staff to be welcoming and helpful. Breakfast was included in our deal and was taken downstairs in a pleasant room which also doubles as the hotel bar. It was good (though not remarkable) and the service was friendly and efficient.The hotel has a lounge/conservatory which opens onto a small garden - a very pleasant place to sit if the London weather is kind.Around the hotel there are numerous places to eat and drink from cafes and pubs to smart restaurants (we can particularly recommend the Salt Yard) and on the evening we were there, the whole area was buzzing.Overall, an enjoyable stay, and we will return.	
May 15 2007 	Had a fantastic time.	I recently ventured across the pond for the first time. I chose The Academy based on it's location near to the British Museum and the Wet End. I was a bit nervous being a single female travelling alone but I couldn't have had a better time. The staff at the Academy were friendly and helpful, from helping me with my bags, to providing information on the best tube stop to get to attractions. My room was small but served its purpose, a bed and a bathroom are all I need. The service at breakfast was terrific, the wait staff friendly.I had a wonderful trip all around and can't wait to return.	
Apr 9 2007 	What a nightmare!	After trawling endless hotels to find a nice base to stay for our weekend in London we chose the Academy for its location. We do not know London well but everything we wanted to do was within easy distance from the hotel. We should have guessed there would be a problem as soon as we saw the scaffolding going up outside when we approached!On arrival at reception we were told that there had been a problem with our room (a leak - although we got the impression that there had probably been a mess up with the booking and there wasn't a room available so an excuse had been made) and we would have to go to another hotel. This hotel was over the other side of London in Little Venice which would mean that we would have to encur extra travelling time and cost. We were not offered help to cover the extra cost and by now we had wasted a good hour. We were however told we may be offered an upgrade. However the size of the room was not an issue for us, we hadn't planned to spend long there, rather see the sights.They then had the gaul to tell us that we could park at the other hotel but it would have to be in metered parking or in the hotel parking which cost £20 a day but even this would depend on whether there was a space!The receptionist was clearly uninterested in the whole affair. He didn't really seem to comprehend the fact we had driven over 2 and a half hours down the motorway and that they could have contacted us to tell us the problem to save us setting out. He didn't even seem bothered that we were clearly distressed and upset by the whole palava. Infact he was busy seeing to other guests whilst serving us. The impersonal service was probably the thing that upset us most.In the end we decided that the weekend was more or less ruined and that we would spend the rest of the day doing a couple of the things we had planned to do and would go home in the evening and give it up as a bad job.After working ourselves up to a lovely weekend away I cannot tell you how upset we were that our hard earned romantic weekend away was utterley ruined.	
Mar 27 2007	Charm Loosing its luster	I stayed at the Academy over the last five years several times. I love the location and when I first went there it was very well looked after. Unfortunately it has not been kept up as well as it might be. Staff used to be crackerjack but on my last visit new folks had been brought on, mostly from eastern Europe I think, as they had difficulty with English. Service was perfunctory and indifferent, much different from the way it used to. Like the rest of the neighborhood rates have soared despite all this. I'll miss the way it was and look elsewhere next time.Additional note: Under no circumstances should the elderly or handicapped stay here. There is no lift and stairs are narrow,uneven, and very steep.	
Mar 5 2007	Not what I expected from a boutique	I stayed at The Academy for two nights over the weekend with my girlfriend for my birthday. On entry the hotel looked quite impressive and then as we ventured up the tattered stairs and marked wallpaper I started to feel like I was in a seaside B&amp;B. The room was small and the decor was more granny's spare bedroom than hip hotel. Service and staff were excellent though so credit where credit is due, although breakfast wasn't the best, and the pillows provided were about 20 years old and massively uncomfortable.	
Feb 6 2007 	Mostly great!	My husband booked a weekend stay here for our wedding anniversary. We booked a romance package for one night and normal B+B for the other two nights, staying in a suite. Unfortunately, despite having had an email confirmation of our booking, we arrived hot and tired and looking forward to the champagne, chocs and bubbles only to find the hotel had made a mistake and we would have to wait another day for our romance! Fortunately, our room was still available and the suite was lovely - clean and spacious. (As the hotel is made up of several Georgian town houses the standard rooms are pretty small and the stairs would be very difficult for those with mobility problems - there is no lift). Overall the hotel is great. Beautiful courtyard and lounge rooms, good convenient location and good food. They could do with improving their organisation... we failed to get a drink in the bar as there was no sign of any staff (just a tv playing to itself)And the romance package? Well, the flowers and champagne arrived late because they'd been put in somebody else's room, but the breakfast in bed was very very good! I would recommend the hotel, but would suggest confirming and reconfirming your booking before you arrive!By the way, the tea and cookies served in the courtyard is definitely a good way to relax after a busy day in London :-)	
Jan 8 2007 	Unknown?	Well, I would love to be able to write a review of this property. Let me start at the beginning. I booked the Academy via American Express Travel; due mainly to their location and mostly positive reviews. I reserved for a Christmas Day check in for a 8 day stay. Arriving at the hotel by taxi, there was a note tacked to the front door, stating they were closed and would reopen after the holiday. But, they had reserved a room for me at another hotel, The Colonade. The very wonderful taxi driver went directly there. Nice enough looking from the outside, but I had no idea where I was and the property was miles from where I wanted to be. Upon entering there was a broken chair arm lying in the foyer and a rude young man who could not have cared less and spoke only 5 words to me. &quot;You aren't booked until Wednesday.&quot; Not a good start to my trip and I certainly wouldn't / couldn't recommend either property, which are indeed owned by the same people. I received no phone call nor email informing me that they had decided to close. I threw myself on the taxi drivers mercy, he recommended the Jury's Clifton Ford hotel in the west end. Excellent property, great service and wonderful staff.	
Dec 18 2006 	Excellent Location	Stayed at the Academy while attending a conference at University College London. Fantastic location!! Close to Tottenham Court Road and Soho, as well as the British Museum. A little pricey, but that's London. I booked a double on the hotel's website for 130GBP/night; check the Hip Hotels London website, as the price of their singles is a bit lower than the hotel's website (around 80GBP). Breakfast is not included in the price. My room was well-appointed and spacious, given that it was in the BASEMENT. There are a million other hotels on Gower Street, so if price is of a concern, check out the other ones, like the Arosfa....	
Nov 6 2006 	Excellent Location - Close and Quiet	We stayed at the Academy as part of our honeymoon. The location was great - in the academic area. Quiet in the evening, but very close to anywhere you want to get to. The hotel is just a couple blocks from Totenham tube station and a 10-15 min walk from Oxford Circus. Although the rooms are small (this is to be expected in London), we found the room to be well furnished and clean. The staff were quite friendly. Also, there is a little garden that you can enjoy some peace and quiet in the back. The only drawback is that there are no elevators - so anyone with problems walking up several flights of stairs should be warned.	
Oct 23 2006 	Will stay at The Academy again	Loved The Academy! Our room was spacious, nicely appointed and we were particularly impressed with the size &amp; quality of the bathroom. The amedities &amp; the staff were also very nice &amp; attentitive. Located about 3 blocks from the nearest Tube station. Have been to London many times &amp; this is the first Hotel that I will stay at again!	
Oct 9 2006 	doesn't live up to the promise	£150 gets you a single, tiny room at the top of many flights of stairs. There is no lift. Reception area is very small and the bar minute and in the basement with no natural light. Breakfast is in the same (hot and humid) basement.Essentially this is a couple of houses converted into a hotel on the cheap. The garden at the back is as small as all the other spaces. If you get a room at the front your sleep will be disturbed by traffic up until about midnight, and again from 6.00am.	
Oct 5 2006 	OK for Doubles	I stayed at the Academy with my wife many years ago and we thought it was great. This time, I travelled alone and booked a single room for £85 including breakfast (I scoured the internet for a good deal). I was a little disappointed since the single room (the smallest in the Hotel according to the fire escape instructions and map) seemed to be a little past its use by date. The shower room was small and a little shabby with a tiny, cracked hand basin and cracked tiles. The television was small and on the blink (This didn't bother me since I was in London to see the opening night of Spamalot anyway!). The chambermaid turns down your bed in the late afternoon/early evening and leaves a bottle of mineral water. Nice idea but I often wondered (since it has a replaceable stopper - see by the hi-fi in the photo) whether it genuinely was mineral water or tap water. Having said all that, it is very good for access on foot to central London. I could have stayed in a Travelodge on the road between Kings Cross &amp; Euston for £75 with no breakfast. The breakfast was great. I would therefore recommend this place for couples, but if you're booking a single room, don't expect too much and don't pay too much!	
Sep 18 2006 	Charming but noisy	We spent 4 nights in a suite on the first floor (2nd floor in US; 'Virginia Woolf Suite') and had a much more positive experience than many of the others who recently posted. The room, with a 4 poster canopied bed, was large and charming -- 3 enormous windows overlooked the street, and the soaring and swooping window treatments, along with the 2 English chandeliers and the non-working fireplace, gave the room a bright, comfortable Victorian feeling. The bathroom was recently renovated, quite clean, with a large bathtub and a glass screen rather than a shower curtain. There were various toiletries, robes, slippers, etc -- in short, all the amenities one associates with a boutique hotel. I was expecting meager streams of water from the shower head; it was fine. Service was good and the stairs were quite manageable. The TV had very poor reception (but I didn't go the London to watch TV); the CD player and FM stereo radio worked well.So, what's not to like? Despite the presence of double glass in the windows, sensitive souls (like this writer) can hear the deep vrooom of traffic. One can either be somewhat annoyed by it (as I was, although I got over it), or one can completely ignore it (as my travelling companion did). One should be aware, however, that if your room is in the front (and I believe all the suites are in the front), you may find it a bit noisy (but you're in a city!).I was also a bit miffed that breakfast was not included in the price(and I booked on their website, paying an average of 170 pounds / night plus tax), but the Deco cafe around the corner is excellent.We enjoyed our stay there very much, but given my sensitivity to noise, I'm not sure I would stay there again -- I certainly wouldn't book a room in the front.	
Sep 5 2006 	Hmmmm	Me and two of my girl friends stayed for two nights at the end of May, it was convienient for Covent garden, and the bed was comfy.The room was a suite on the third floor, dont mind there being no lift, we brits are used to walking up stairs unlike our american cousins it seems!There was a comfy king size bed which two of us shared and the other on the pull out sofa bed. We couldnt get a decent radio reception, the room looked a little like someones livingroom with a bed in it, decor was tired and shabby, and the carpet dirty. However that part of the room served its purpose. The bathroom however was another story, decent in size, looked unclean, I could pee harder than the shower and there was a musty odor we think from either the manky shower curtain or the peeling sealant round the tub.Staff seemed very pleasant, but over worked, we went down to the bar late saturday afternoon after shopping and a show, we had to wait a long time to be served quite expensive g&amp;t's then they ran out of tonic, and the bar man dissapeared for long periods to goodness knows where, so we wasted lots of time hanging around waiting to be served. We didnt eat breakfast at the hotel - £15 for a full english, even in London is laughable.	
Aug 3 2006	Loved the hotel hated the shower	This is a lovely, well appointed hotel located in one of the most charming areas of London. It is conveniently located near the Tube (just a short walk across the lovely park in front of the Russell Hotel) and reasonably quiet (particularly if you're on a higher floor facing the back). The hotel's staff is friendly and the breakfast is quite satisfactory. (Visitors should also try the cute cafe at the corner). However, my only gripe is the miserable trickle that tries to pass itself as a shower. It made for a rather unpleasant experience each time I turned the tap on (or is that statement an oxymoron?). If only these hotels would give us the opportunity to pay a bit more for reasonable water pressure: I, for one, would be more than happy to do so and would not hesitate to come back over and over again. It always amazes me that a hotel that's trying so hard to please can give something as basic as a shower such short shift.	
Jul 27 2006	Good Location but a few unwelcome surprises	We recently stayed at The Academy while on a whirlwind tour of Ireland, Scotland and London.I chose The Academy because it had parking and we had rented a car. What they don't tell you is that if you don't specifically request parking when booking your room - you don't get parking.We arrived on a Friday night at 8:30 p.m. after driving from Edinburgh, Scotland. It had been a very long, tiring day and we got very lost getting to the hotel so we were not in a very good mood when we got there. When we arrived we were told that we hadn't requested parking so there wasn't any for us. We could park on a side street for the night but would have to move the car before 8:00 a.m. the next morning or we would get a ticket. They would see if there was space in the morning for us to park our car and if not we would have to use a public lot 3 blocks away. We were lucky enough to get a spot the next day, but even the hotel parking is not at the hotel - it is a 1/2 a block away and they charge you 20 British Pounds per day!!!!! Our friends had to use the public lot and it was 27.50 BP per day.The rooms are nice and very clean, but unbelievably small and there are no elevators. We were originally on the 3rd floor. The staircases are very narrow and not air conditioned so hauling your luggage up those stairs is not pleasant - my husband almost passed out from the heat. We ended up paying for the upgrade to a suite (the size of a normal hotel room) which was on the 1st floor.The location is very good. Two blocks from the British Museum, three blocks from the tube so getting around was easy.Also, if you are allergic to feathers as I am make sure you let them know because they use feather pillows and feather duvets and it was very difficult to get them changed at the last minute.All that being said. The staff was very accomodating and I would stay there again, but now I know not to assume anything. Ask for every little thing you can think of that you are expecting to make sure you get it.My last tip - if you are crazy enough to drive in London, don't try and find your hotel yourself. Hail a cab and have him/her escort you to your hotel. After much stress we finally did that and it cost us 10 BP (the driver wanted 5 - I would have given him the world).C. Bailey, Sudbury, Ontario, Canada	
Jul 8 2006	Left after one night!	i stayed in a suite with the king bed. the room was big, but the whole place felt like it was trying to be luxurious, but when you looked at the details, you could tell it was far from it. the hallways were too narrow, the bathroom a tiny cube-with hot water and cold water coming down in seperate streams out of the same faucet. so one hand was freezing, the other scalding. the trashcans didnt have liners, and there were none of those perks you expect from a boutique hotel-like nice toiletries, etc. the room felt musty, and the couch and bed were stiff and uncomfortable. the whole place felt unlived in. the only plus was the location and the staff, they were really nice. but it wasnt enough for me to stay. i cancelled my rsvp after one night.	
Jun 28 2006	affordability and luxury all in one!	After the long transatlantic flight nothing could have made me happier than falling into that bed piled high with pillows! The hotel staff was very attentive, carrying my bags, bringing in bottled water, answering questions, even calling a car service (which was excellent and affordable to btw) The room was perfectly clean, and the little extras like slippers and in room tea and coffee service were well appreciated. The full english breakfast was simply divine. The only low point was that the minibar fridge had a slight odor and every now and then a funny smell would drift in thorugh the AC, but it was nothing that put a damper on my stay. Be wared there is no lift, so if stairs are an issue for you request a 1st floor room, but there are plenty of staff on hand to carry your bags for you if thats your only worry. I highly recommend this hotel. Shop around too. I found my room rate at almost 70% off, and I noticed a lot of discounts for this hotel on those hotel search sites. Oh and yes their rooms are small (though I had a very spacious single) but this is Europe people and the hotel is located in a Georgian Townhouse, small rooms are the norm.	
Jun 7 2006	Dream Location	Two blocks away from the British Museum, and easy walking to the West End and Covent Garden make this a perfect place to stay, but what makes this stand out from the rest of the hotels and B7B's on Gower street is the level of service. the room felt like home, and all of the little touches ( coming home to a room with the radio play, a fresh bottle of sparkling water and slippers by the bed) made me feel very spoiled indeed. The place has vintage charm, and at the same time a wonderfully modern and up to date bathroom. The best of both worlds!	
Jun 1 2006 	Well run and attractive - great value as well.	Stayed here on a 6 night business/leisure trip with my husband and baby in early-mid May. I am a frequent London visitor and usually stay in Knightsbridge (the now defunct Basil Street) or with friends in Belgravia. Bloomsbury would be a great location fpr academics (univ of London) and theatre lovers. Not for everyone but my business has me running all over the city and tube connections from near the hotel are fine (more savvy travelers may try the bus services that pass near the hotel - with baby in stroller, this was not an option for us this trip). Use caution when having the hotel ring for a cab. They tend to call a car service instead of a black cab and the min rate is 15 £ for a small sedan - not cost effective for a 5-10 minute ride! ANYWAY, the hotel is very attractive with a pretty lobby and two living rooms - each facing a private garden. One of the gardens has a fountain with gold fish and both have seating areas and lush greenery. Complimentary tea/coffee/and mineral water as well as newspaper in the room. An adequate breakfast room (rather expensive) and useful bar. Our room was the perfect fit for our needs - because of the baby, I requested ground floor, big enough for the complimentary pack-n-play and to have a full bathtub (rather than just a shower stall)... All requests were met with the attractive front-facing room we were shown just off the lobby (double paned windows eliminate most street noise). It was large by European standards with a fireplace, desk, minibar, two upholstered seats with coffee table, small bose or sony stereo, large bed and big closet roomy enough to hold all luggage, baby gear, and clothes. With the baby cot set up, we did have to walk a small path around the furnishings, but I can assure you that this much space combined with good linens, charm, and a top-quality newish bath cannot be found at these rates anywhere else in the city. Downsides: Staff is mostly young and each is wearing several hats from porter to bartendender to front desk but give them a chance to help you and they will do so to the best of their abilities. AirCon (split style wall unit) had a terrible time keeping up with warm May days (so watch out in summer). Also, Mini-bar frige was not working properly and we had been depending on it for storing baby formula... They couldn't get it fixed, so we used ice buckets instead (but each refill had to be delivered by a harried but ever smiling porter). Some of the room furnishings were a bit worn at the edges but overall, this is a very good hotel. Overall: Great value. We paid between 100-115£ (rate varied over the weekend). Good location for some : Close to transport, Googe and Charlotte Street restaurants, British Museum , and theatres. Beautiful gardens!	
May 31 2006	Good Value	We had a very enjoyable one night stay at The Academy and found it to be well positioned for getting around the sights. The bedroom and all other areas of the hotel were very nice. Our stay was only let down by the breakfast, which wasn't hot and no where near the high standard that the rest of the hotel sets. We would stay here again, but would just have breakfast elsewhere!	
May 29 2006	What a small basin !!!!	I stayed only one night and I didn't want to stay any longer.I've never seen such a small basin.How could I wash my face? My feet and slippers were sopping !But the bed was clean and comfortable and breakfast was good.Staffs need more proficiency.	
May 29 2006	nice boutique hotel with good location	My husband and I just got back from staying at this hotel near end of May (8 days). We got to the hotel around noon and they had our room ready for us to check into. We had told them when we reserved that we were getting in before checkin. As mentioned before, there are no elevators so don't stay here if that's a problem. Luckily we were in room 10 which only has 1 flight of stairs to go up to get to (and we had the porter take the heavy bags up to the room when we got there). We had a double room that was at the back of the hotel so we didn't have much noise. The front of the hotel is on a busy street (Gower) so I can imagine rooms on that side might get noisy.Hotel is convienent to various tube stops (closest is Goodge St) but you can walk to Tottenham and Russell Sq within 10-15 minutes. We often would walk to restaurants and theaters (most theaters are within 15-20 minute walk at most). We actually liked being a little bit away from central west end cause it was a little more quiet and less congested with people. The room itself is very nice (small by American standards) but it was always clean and they would check in the room throughout the day to make sure everything is nice. The only complaints we had were there is no alarm clocks in the room (but they do free wakeup calls if you ask. We did that twice and they called when we asked). The bathroom had a separate shower and tub (the tub was old-style clawfoot tub which we soaked in after walking around London all day). The free still water would show up around 5PM. We reserved the room through their website and got free breakfast everyday. You can get either contential or full English. We got the full English the 1st time but preferred the contential breakfast cause you got buffet of fruit, cheese/meats, cereral and pastries (so you could pick what you wanted and get your food quickly). The breakfast price was abit expensive (especially with the bad exchange rate for Americans. 10 pounds for buffet and 15 pounds for full English) so we probably wouldn't have eaten there unless it was included in our room rate. You could get cheaper breakfast at places close to the hotel. They don't start breakfast during the week until 7AM and at 8AM on weekends. We ended up not being able to get our breakfast the 2 Sundays we were there cause we had to leave before they started serving. But I think that's what you get when you stay at smaller hotels than with big chain places.The wireless internet charge is 15 pounds but we were able to pick up a free wireless site from our room on our laptop so we avoided that charge. There are numerous free internet cafes around as well if you don't have wireless capabilities. We ate at alot of nice restaurants near the hotel. The restaurants often didn't seem crowded like the ones closer to the theaters so we were able to get tables easily (we often ate dinner around 6PM so we could get to shows in time) and we didn't get rushed or bad service. Some great places we ate at are Da Paolo, Koba, Shangai Blues, Camarino, Mela and Archigepeglio. Nice little places.If we ever come back to London again, we would definately stay at the Academy again. For the price and location, it was a good deal and the rooms and staff were very nice.	
May 20 2006	Are you people nuts??????	I feel like I stayed at a different hotel all together than the rest of he reviewrs. First of all...there is no lift!!!!!!!!!! And we were on the third floor. Yes, thats right-a third floor walk up! If I wanted a third floor walk up I'd move back to New York. The lobby looked great, but the carpet and stairwells were dingy and old and dirty (there was a dirty old vacuum propped up in the stairwell for the entire 2 days we were there), and the room was the worst of our entire 3 week Europe trip. We actually checked out a day early. The room was only large enought for the bed (Frette sheets? Give me a break....). And you had to put your suitcases in the closet if you expected to be able to manuver the room.The bed was soft and mushy and I dare to even call those things pillows. The carpet was filthy and I wore my flip flops the entire time. I also could not bring myself to shower. The toilet creaked like an old wood floor every time you sat on it, and the hot water came spitting out of the faucet like it didn't want to be there either. I turned back the duvet and found a soiled sheet, which management refused to admit could have been a housekeeping mistake. The manager told me he didn't want to accuse me of lying, but....basically that is what he was doing as he insisted his best housekeeper had been in charge of our room. No one at the hotel ever apologized for the soiled sheet, they just insisted it could not have been their housekeeper. But even the fridge was filthy. There was something old, spilled and hardened in the back of the fridge and food particles throughout.. and I never used the sheet as an excuse for a refund or anything else for that matter. The sheet wasn't even the last straw for our checking out early. The condition of the bed was. My back still aches from it. And yes, you get free water...big deal. I'd rather have a clean room.	
May 15 2006	Great stay at the Academy!	We stayed here for two nights at the beginning of May. The location is great -5 minutes walk from the Tube and the hotel itself is a delight! The rooms are comfortable and well presented. Still or sparkling water and newspapers were complimentary. The breakfast was great -we had an array of fresh fruit one morning and a fabulous english breakfast the following day. A fantastic stay with helpful and friendly staff -even an overnight shoe shining service! Will definately return.	
Apr 28 2006	good place near Brit museum	We just stayed at the academy town house in Bloomsbury, London. The place is beautiful, we had a gorgeous room, (not cheap- $600 for 3 nights) , hot pot in room along with teas, cocoas and all the amenities of a really nice B &amp; B back in the states. NO internet access, but an internet cafe was a short walk away. Very close to Tottenham court, restaurants, theatre, movies and the British Museum is around the corner!!! Close to several underground stops. My only complaints were that the desk staff were not that helpful, they were not from England and seemed a little difficult to understand. WE were better off following our tour books. There is no lift , but there are young porters there to carry the luggage up for you. When i used my international calling card to call home, I did get a charge on the bill that seemed higher than i thought it should be . Other than that, it was a relaxing , cheerful place to settle into.  MP Boston , MA	
Mar 27 2006 	First Class Honours for The Academy	Nothing but praise for The Academy! Excellent hotel, very friendly and attentive staff. My single room was quiet and comfortable. The complimentary water (sparkling or still), newspaper and (overnight) shoe shine service were very much appreciated. Even if you don't like an overkill of Laura Ashley motives, do stay here. Both Holborn and Tottenham Court Road tube station are within walking distance (10 minutes maximum). I paid 89 pounds (without tax) for my room via the hotel website. Wireless internet comes at 15 pounds per day, so does the English breakfast. I'd most certainly stay here again.	
Mar 9 2006	Loved it	We just arrived from London, where we had a wonderful time staying at the Academy. The hotel is well located, the staff is very friendly and competent. As a couple, we found the suite comfortable and spacious. Good breakfast, also.As there are no lifts, it´s not suitable for seniors or people with mobility difficulties. Anyway,we´ll be back.	
Mar 8 2006	brilliant boutique hotel	This hotel is an absolute find! Located within a short walking distance of Soho and Covent Garden. The staff cannot do enough for you and are so friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully appointed, we stayed in the Russell suite which was a good size. The breakfast was brilliant and plentiful.... a real pleasure to stay, and a real change from the big corporate hotels.	
Mar 6 2006	Fantastic	This hotel was charming and unique. The rooms are a good size and the restaurant is excellent and very modern in a traditional hotel.Great location especially for the theatres and shopping. I really enjoyed my stay at The Academy Town House Hotel and would recommend it to anyone.My only negative comment would be that stairs! We was right on the top floor and had to go a so many stairs to our room which where very steep, I had to rest half way up! So if you have children or can not walk very far make sure you ask for a room on the lower floor.	
Mar 4 2006 	Dinky	Fetching bedlinen - goosedown duvet, Frette sheets. Nice toiletries in the bathroom. Apples and a litre bottle of mineral water in the room - a welcome touch if you've been travelling. A cd player, bathrobes, slippers, complimentary newspaper in the morning. Lovely breakfast which is served until 10.30 on weekdays. Pleasant staff. I very much enjoyed my stay here.	
Feb 20 2006	A real gem	A wonderful townhouse hotel in a great position.The staff were welcoming and extremely friendly. The suite was immaculate and wonderfully decorated. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in in a hotel. Although the road outside was a little noisy the aircon meant we didn't have to open the window.The breakfast was lovely and worth paying the extra £5 for the smoked salmon - there was lots of it.Would recommend this hotel regardless of the purpose of your stay in London. Will definitely be back!	
Feb 5 2006	What a gem!	Stayed at this lovely hotel with mum on her 70th birthday. Have had endless, overpriced disappointments in the past so was a little anxious. However, this is one of the best city hotels I've ever stayed in. Wonderful 'boutique'style lobby, very classy and comfotable room,fantastic bed, very clean bathroom ( no bath).Excellent position too. Would definitely stay again!	
Jan 22 2006	a charming and high quality small hotel	As a Londoner, I don't often need to stay in a London hotel, but we did so this January. I chose the Eton Academy on price (inclusive of breakfast), and for its good location. I was then very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the accommodation, and the charm of the place. The rooms are small - some only have showers, not baths - but they are very comfortable, in fact quite romantic, and the breakfast was excellent! The hotel also has two small courtyard gardens, which will be bliss in the sticky London summer. I would strongly recommend the Academy to overseas and UK visitors to London. Just be aware that the hotel has no lift and you may have to climb up to the third floor - although you could request a ground floor room.	
Jan 18 2006	Lovely Hotel and Friendly Staff	I recently stayed at The Academy and I had one of the best stays ever in London!! My friend and I enjoyed a huge room which, although it was at the front of the hotel, it was not that noisy! The sitting area made us stay in the room for longer and the yummy beds made our stay a fabulous time!! The guys carring the bags where cool and the receptionist helped us with tickets and directions... Shame the crisps and nuts in the room were not complementary! That would have been perfect!	
Jan 18 2006	My stay at the Academy	We stayed at the Academy over the New Year period while visiting family. The Academy was recomended to us, and I have to say we were not dissapointed. The Staff are extreemly friendly, and we found our room to be really cosy, and value for money. With all the trimmings we felt right at home, and the best part was that we were right on the West End which made travelling around London a pleasure. The Breakfast was one of the best yet but pancakes and waffels would have been a plus!!! We will be back.	
Jan 15 2006 	Expensive for what it is	Sometimes the joke stops being funny. So it is with the Academy. Where should I start? This is a five story hotel with no elevator. Many of the rooms are on Gower Road, a very busy street that includes a hospital, so sirens are common. I actually had to repeat myself while asking for a quieter room, because the man at the desk could not hear my request over a truck rumbling by. It would have been funny on television. Not in real life. As for the room itself, the curtains were unusually thin, so the room could not be darkened. Once flushed, the toilet would not stop filling... I gave up hope after ten minutes, and called the desk. When someone arrived to investigate, the toilet was still filling loudly, like a faucet running. I was told this was normal and it would eventually stop. Sure enough, soon after he left (nearly half an hour after the flush) the toilet stopped filling. While every room has Internet, mine did not work, even after an hour wasted with the staff. While the staff was very courteous, it was notable they never apologized for the problems.I travel for business constantly, so I stay in many hotels. The Academy was far below the standards of many less expensive places. I would say the Academy is easily the most expensive cheap hotel in which I have ever stayed.	
Jan 3 2006	New Year's Eve visit	My partner and I stayed in room 20 over New Year's Eve. It's a decent sized back room (so no street noise, despite the date!), with a tiny bathroom (just big enough to house a toilet, a shower and a little sink).The staff were very friendly. Decor quite classy, and very comfortable furnishings. We particularly liked the feather duvet and pillows. Nice touch that the CD player/radio was playing classical music when we went up to our room. No sign of a bathrobe, but appreciated the slippers. The room and the bathroom were both spotless.Fab location, just five minutes' walk from Oxford St and about ten/fifteen mins' from Covent Garden and Piccadilly Circus.	
Dec 1 2005	Our favorite place in London	We stayed here for our honeymoon a year ago, and then came back this year because we loved it so much. It is clean, the beds are to die for comfortable, and the breakfast is great. We stayed in the garden suite, which had a huge room, sitting area, and big bathroom. It was very quiet. There is a patio off of the bedroom, but it was October and a little chilly to be hanging out outside. The first time everything was impeccable. The second time we stayed it was a bit different. They needed some help with organization. We came back from a full day of shopping and our room had not been cleaned, but after that, it was great. We will definitely stay here again in the future, it has great memories for us, and we love the daily breakfast.	
Oct 25 2005 	Good for business - rooms a bit small -	A good address when on business in the area (Holborn). Typical London-size (small) rooms but clean and well furbished. Wireless networks available in the area. Free water and fruits. Well stocked mini bar and very high quality bathrooms. Good overall, only negative comment is the size of the room, but what can you expect in London?	
Oct 12 2005	One of the best Hotels I have ever stayed at.	When I walked up to the front of the Academy Townhouse, it was an unassuming front door just like all the others on the street. I am not too familiar with London streets, so they did all look the same.The front door opens into a cozy small front desk and a nice sitting room with a fireplace. The rooms are to the right and the left of the office up flights of stairs. The room that I stayed in was on the second floor. There was a glass door that opened up to a small foyer before the door to my room. To add added privacy, I am sure. It was a nice idea. Walking into the room (which was a single) I notice the bed right beside a window that opened over a small backyard courtyard with a small fountain and Koi pond. It would be a very nice area to relax during spring and summer months.The bathroom was spotless white and chrome. Very roomy and comfortable. The hotel provides remote controls for the ac/heater, television and the cd radio on the desk. The is also ripe apples, snacks, sodas, water, coffee, tea and a coffee maker as well on the desk. It is not free... but it is nice to have something to munch on during the night.I am not really used to having such great service... being a budget motel kind of person. So when an employee knocked on the door and asked me if I wanted the bed turned down and if I had any laundry for them to do, it felt like I was paying way more than what I actually did. The service was outstanding.For breakfast, I went to the cozy breakfast area located in the basement. There were breakfast and lunch meats in buffet style, along with fresh fruit, granolas, cereal and pastries. I know it does not sound like much, but it was great quality. Every bit of it. If that was all, I would have been happy. But then after loading my plate with cereal, fruit and pastries, the waitress asked me If I wanted some eggs or an omelet. I ordered a ham and cheese omelet with toast. All on the house. It was one of the best breakfasts I have had, not to mention it was free. Overall, the service, breakfast and the staff were outstanding. I recommend this hotel to everyone I know that plans on going to London. And I will be going back.	
Oct 3 2005 	Country House style in the City	Stayed here on a lastminute booking.Curious mixture of a hotel - room (No.6) was quite small and has a nice noisy a/c unit outside so avoid if you are a light sleeper.Bed was ace - really comfy and I slept well despite noise outside.'Fresh fruit' was three identical green apples ( any chance of some variety ?) and alarm call was late.It's like the hotel is trying but doesn't really get there.Nice touches - slippers and bathrobe - but plumbing a bit iffy and decor a bit twee and dated.Would I stay again - depends on the deal - not worth the rack rate but worth it if you get a discount f	
Aug 10 2005 	Excellent - a home from home	Have just returned from a stay at Academy Hotel. Was a little concerned having read some of the reviews but the hotel was excellent. Staff really friendly and helpful and breakfast staff in particular were superb. Breakfast was really enjoyable with a great choice.We had a room at the back which was although not large was really nicely furnished and very clean. Little touches added to stay such as complimentary mineral water which was replaced daily and fruit in room together with turndown service.Courtyard garden was great and a rare find in London. The general feeling was as if you were staying in a friendly country house rather than in the middle of London - only 10 mins from Covent Garden. Would definitely recommend this hotel and will return. Only note of caution rooms at front may be noisy	
Jun 24 2005	We will return	We were very pleased. Our room in the back overlooking the terracedgarden was ideal. Comfortable bed, air conditioned, spacious bathroomand staff couldn't be more helpful. Noise from street could be a problemin front rooms. Walking distance to Tottenham Ct. Road, and BritishMuseum. Breakfast very good.	
Apr 5 2005	First rate well situated small hotel	My partner and I spent two nights here at the beginning of April 2005. Having read quite mixed reviews of this hotel before our stay, we were a little apprehensive but the hotel was charming, the service first rate and our top floor room, though compact, was perfectly adequate for our needs. Breakfast was good. The hotel is excellently situated, being ten minutes walk from Euston Station, just over five minutes walk from Goodge Street and Tottenham Court Road underground stations, and about ten minutes walk from Oxford Street.All the staff we had contact with (none of whom had English as a first language) were friendly and welcoming, especially those serving breakfast.We would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 19 2005	Highly recommend the Academy	We stayed at the Academy for 5 nights in June, 2004 and were very pleased. We got a very good rate for a &quot;suite,&quot; which I would describe as a larger room with a sofa. The room was very nicely decorated--in the Balmoral manner. The buffet breakfast was superb; it had in particular a wonderful variety of fruit. The staff was helpful, digging up an extension cord for my husband's CPAP machine. The location is good, especially for the British Museum. And we highly recommend the Busaba Eatthai restaurant, which is just around the corner on Store Street.	
Dec 28 2004	disapointment in a english town house	After spending two days at this Hotel the best thing about it was the departure. I stayed in room 2, I am not sure you can call this a room, I would call it a cupboard with a bed!! The staff were friendly but had very little knowledge of London and most of them didn't speak English. In all I am glad that my stay was short and that I don't have to come back to this Hotel. I would stongly recomend you NOT to stay at this Hotel!	
Dec 19 2004	Central comfortable lovely.	An extremely enjoyable stay. There were little touches such as Time Out folded to the day's TV, fruit and bottled water and even the loo-roll decoratively folded! CD playing classical music as we entered too.The bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in and the staff were warm, friendly and helpful. All in all a very, very good hotel. A spacious suite for £155 in a very central location. Good stuff.	
Dec 2 2004	very disappointing	The staff are super friendly and the entrance areas very pleasant. I was disappointed by the size of the bedroom, albeit it was very tastefully funished. The bathroom was tiny with lots of cold water - no sign of any hot either day of my stay. A hairdrier is provided but none of the plug sockets are anywhere near the only mirror in the room so it is virtually useless. Fortunately I was out on business most of the day and evening, but when I returned at 4pm on the second day the room had still not been cleaned. If I had wanted a relaxing break and to spend time enjoying the surroundings the disappointment would have been worse.	
Nov 29 2004	Lovely Stay in Bloomsbury	Just stayed here with my ladyfriend, lovely, but needs more attention to detail.PROS: Good location( and two tube stations nearby), lovely luxurious room/bathroom, nice bed(linen), delicious breakfast, polite and very helpful staff.CONS: On arrival I requested a room facing the garden several times, no expanation was given why we got a room facing the street. Luke warm shower Sunday morning; no sign of promised slippers; informed staff that fridge wasn't working on the first day, still not working second day; no towels or toiletries second day after room was done up (dealt with promptly after informing staff); promised shoe shine service wasn't delivered. I mentioned these problems on checkout, the gentleman apologised, but seemed totally oblivious.Language seems to be a problem?!(PS Mechanical parts of windows need to be &quot;serviced&quot;)	
Nov 9 2004	Excellent accomodations.	It's been a couple of years since we stayed at the Acadamy but I just thought I should write a review. We were walk-ins to the Academy after our confirmed booking at The Rushmore was not honored when we arrived from the US. They say that things happen for a reason, and finding the Academy was nothing short of miraculous. There is no denying that the rooms are small, but the service, location and room appointments far outway the cons. The furnishings are top quality and maintenance is impeccable. The staff treats everyone like a long lost cousin, and the cozy restaurant downstairs performs amazinf transformations from charming inn-like breakfasts to soho trendy nightspot. Unfortunately for us, the Academy was raised up a star afetr our stay and after thorough renoovations so it is no longer affordable for us but I would still highly recommedn it for those who are seeking a classy night's rest. Also, the exterior photos that I have seen do not do any justice to this hotel.	
Oct 15 2004	Redefines the phrase "value for money	This hotel is not perfect. In fact, it is anything but perfect. Upon close inspection the corridors, the wallpapers, the carpet, the sofas, all seem to have been the unfortunate victim of the equally unfortunate passing of time. Minor stains here and there. TV sets not really top of the range - to be truly honest they must be at least 7 to 10 years old.However, if we add to this equation the price factor, everyting seems to change quite drammatically. For a deluxe double I paid 135 pounds per night (hotels-london) and that, in London terms, is shamefully low. With the price tag in mind I cannot refrain myself from lauding the brilliance of this place. From the cosy reception area to the equally cosy, albeit imperfect rooms. The fluffy beds, the split level bathrooms (if you chose a deluxe double), the fireplaces present in some rooms and most importantly the generous size of said rooms (ever so rare in this wretched town). All these details may be not be cured to perfection but the mere fact that they are present for such low prices is to be admired. The fact that this place screams &quot;value for money&quot; is easily demonstratable. A few months ago, I put my parents, who visit London quite often, in another boutiqute addess: the Kinghtsbridge Hotel. Now, probably because of its affiliation with the relatively renowned and infinitely vain Firmdale Group, the attention to detail was superior. However, the room I booked for that occasion cost 230 pounds per night (still relatively low for London luxury standards). And that bought a well serviced, yet ridiculously small room. Now for 100 pounds less, The Academy (part of another group of boutique hotels, the eton group) may not offer the same attention to details but it does provide you with substantially larger and much cosier accommodation - still preserving the minimum standards of luxury hotellerie. In my humble opinion, the best value for money accommodation in London.	
Oct 1 2004	Wonderfully perfect for a weekend	I would definitely recommend this hotel. Great location which is quiet, yet close to the action.Our suite was very comfortable and little touches, like the apples and mineral water, made the stay extra special.Breakfast the following day was very impressive too. Full English brekkie or tempting array of fruits, berries, pastries and cereals - what a lovely dilemma :-)	
Aug 31 2004	Faded Glamour	Good PointsBooked on lastminute for 99 quid a night. Nice public rooms, friendly staff. Good breakfast. Bad PointsNoisy all day and night with traffic noise. Room was a little shabby. Looked like it needed re-painting.Stuff that doesn't really matter, but...CD player didn't work (I wasn't bothered), the fan didn't work in the bathroom (nope not bothered either). Slow service for breakfast (nope was on holiday). Thought it may bother some people though. Oh and its a good way of working of your breakfast going from the basement restaurant to a top floor room. Watch out for the dodgy stairs!So all in all OK, but nothing fancy. If I had a quieter room would probably stay here again.The chain has a better hotel in Little Venice called The Collonades, which is lovely.	
Jun 17 2004	Very Pleased	This hotel was a wonderful place to stay on our first visit to London. It had been highly recommended by a friend who lives in London and it certainly lived up to expectation---in fact we told her to keep recommending it to others. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the breakfasts were outstanding, the location was great and our second and third floor rooms were clean, roomy, and very comfortable. What a find!	
Jun 1 2004	Great hotel	I chose the hotel based on positive reviews and location. It turned out to be a great hotel. Just a couple blocks from the underground (a short 5 or 10 minute walk) in a fine neighborhood. The room was spacious and the bed was great, although I think it was a set of double beds stuck together, if I remember right. It was a good alternative to a chain hotel. For the location it was in, I believe it was a good deal. It wasn't as enjoyable as the Colonnade, which is also in this small group of Eton hotels.	
Apr 2 2004	Great location		
Mar 31 2004	Professional and good value		
Mar 26 2004	Excellent stay		
Dec 10 2003	Comfortable and personal		
Dec 1 2003	Not worth the money saved		
Oct 27 2003	Clean quiet and conveniently located but small		
Oct 21 2003	Good location and facilities		
Sep 17 2003	Excellent Value		
Mar 2 2003	Excellent!		
Feb 6 2003	Big Disaapointment		
Aug 5 2009 	Une adresse vivement recommandée		
Feb 5 2009 	charmant hôtel		
Jul 3 2007 	gute zentrale Lage sehr gute Betten angenehmer Aufenthalt		
