	3 nights...perfect...nowt wrong with this hotel	stayed for our wedding anniversarya great hotel....good bedrooms...great fym /pool...also thy now have a spa...for spa treatments....lifts were ok.......no probs at all........nice walks to primrose hill and regents park canal...nice parks in area for kids....playgrounds and stuff.....all nice and clean .......fresh towels everyday ....staff very good and friendly.....will defo stay again 10/10.....	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent family stay!	Travelling with a 2 and 5 year old I'm always picky on where we stay but I have to say this hotel was great and I would definatly stay there again. The rooms had two big double beds and were lovely and clean. For breakfast there was lots to choose from which is great for the kids. We stayed on a Saturday night and on the Sunday took advantage of the swimming pool, we were the only ones in there! The location is very good, only a short walk to the tube at Swiss Cottage. Overall a very enjoyable stay!One more thing in the reception area there is a small disney tv playing kids movies which is great when your having to hang around in reception for one thing or another.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good Hotel	Me and my partner stayed here for the weekend and the Hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly.We took a taxi to the west end because it was raining very hard and some to tubes were not running and it cost us £ 14.00, so not that expensive.Did not get a chance to use any of the facitilies so cannot comment. It is £25 per night to park at the hotel under ground parking.	
Nov 9 2009 	Enjoyed our stay - comfortable and good location just overpriced.	As other reviews have noted the hotel looks worn from the outside, but don't let that put you off, the rooms and the service are quite good, and the bed was very comfortable. We didn't use the pool and health club but they also looked good. My wife and I enjoyed our stay here, however, the hotel just missed the mark for the price they charge. It was little things like trays and other material being left for extended periods in the hallways, seals that didn't fit well on the balcony sliding doors, and bathroom fittings that needed a refurbishment etc. We also had access to the Executive Lounge, but it was one of the more basic executive lounges I have been in. The overall impression wasn't helped by one lift, out of three, being out of action for refurbishment. Light sleepers should also avoid the rooms on the Adelaide St side of the hotel. The traffic noise starts very early on weekdays.The hotel is an easy walk to Swiss Cottage tube station on the Jubilee Line so travel into central London is easy - although the line is often closed for all or part of the weekends. However, there is a good replacement bus service and also plenty of normal bus routes close by for travel to the surrounding areas.We didn't eat in the hotel, as nearby Finchley Rd had several cafes and numerous restaurants - we particularly liked Eriki (Indian) and Luigis - and only a few minutes on the other side of Finchley Rd was the Singapore Gardens and nearby to that the Arches wine bar and restaurant - which had a very extensive wine list. All an easy walk.	
Oct 28 2009 	Nice enough hotel but the worst evening meal we have had in a long time	Agree with other reviews on the good location (near tube) and typically nice Marriott bedrooms. Would add a minor gripe at the swimming pool - a local lady was having her child's private swimming lesson (?) in the pool so when our excited group of children jumped in the pool she took it on herself to shout at them almost before their feet had hit the water - it was half term so not her private pool and, God forbid, other people wanted to use the facilities!! Plus as we were supervising our children, we would rather have been given the opportunity to reprimand them ourselves! Not sure why this pool is being used for private lessons is my point?Aside from this, what actually ruined our stay was the evening meal we had in the dining room. We had returned from a long day out visiting sights in London and were looking forward to our family meal. The food was awful. The children's main course arrived before the adults food by a good 15 minutes. When our food did arrive, the mashed potato was from a packet, the Beef Bourguignon used tinned beef, the vegetables arrived 15 minutes before our main course and the service was awful. The fries that the children had were cold and from a frozen packet. For a hotel like this and at the prices on the menu you would have expected much more. We asked to see the chef who did come and talk to us and after initially lying about the mashed potato, did finally admit it was from a packet! We did get most of the food taken off the bill ......... not the point, we were hungry!	
Oct 27 2009 	Good clean hotel excellent location	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel as a family ( 9 and 14 year old) last stayed 7 years ago. Pleased to say just as satisfied this time as last. Admittedly outside does seem a bit run down now but room was very clean and comfortable. Breakfast good choice of fine food. We all found plenty of choices to satisfy us. We stayed 3 nights (Friday - Monday) and never experienced any queues at breakfast (but we were there by 7.30 am!). Excellent transport links - Swiss Cottage tube station just minutes away and even when this was closed on Saturday only a 25 min walk to Chalk Farm tube station. Main reason for choosing this hotel was the parking and we were pleased to find plenty of spaces. All in all very satisfactory visit and will most definitely stay here again next time in London	
Oct 26 2009 	Nice location. Don't judge by outside appearance.	The thing about this hotel is location. It is perfectly situated about 3 minutes walk from the Swiss Cottage tube station. And if you are there on the weekend Chalk Farm (Central) is a short bus/cab ride away. If you judge this hotel by the outside appearance you will probably never make it inside. It appears to be a late 70's or early 80's design that has not been updated. However, the inside mostly meets Marriott standards. A nice restaurant and a nice little bar were right inside the door. If you are sensitive to strong smells beware. Whatever they used as air freshener was so strong I could smell it when I came around the corner from the tube station and only got stronger as I got closer. Very annoying but never bothered me once I got to the room. The room was pretty standard. Nice big king bed with comfortable sheets and comforters. Apples and water from the maid every day, and turn down service. Internet was fast enough but expensive (about $150/wk US). Exec lounge was average at best. Overall a B+	
Oct 11 2009 	Comfortable accomodations close to Swiss Cottage and Primrose Hill	I traveled with my 16 year old grandson and found the hotel had comfortable accomodations and was close to the Swiss Cottage tube stop and shops and restaurants. I liked being in a neighborhood rather than the center of the city. Part of the joy of visiting London is being able to use public transportation to get all over the city. We enjoyed the London Eye, Victoria and Albert Museum, Science Museum, British Museum and just walking around. Having a friend who lived 3 blocks away was a great plus..	
Oct 3 2009 	Good hotel but overpriced	We used the hotel to be located near family members for a party. Otherwise, we'd have stayed in the centre of London - probably at much less expense. I was really annoyed when the room rate came up at £118 - but then added tax - bring it to around £135 - unheard of in my experience in the UK. This didn't even include breakfast.The room was fine, nice and big with a balcony. However, there was a big gap in the patio door so it would probably be freezing in winter! Pool was fine, although changing rooms located quite a distance from the pool and you have to go down a set of narrow steps with wet feet which isn't an ideal situation, especially for kids. The underground line at Swiss Cottage was closed the weekend we visited for the development work for the olympics, so we had to walk to Finsbury Park - 10 minutes walk, although this did take you past quite a number of good restaurants. Overall, the stay was ok - but I wouldn't pay this much money for this hotel again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Outstanding Guest relation!	This is a nice hotel in a quiet street a little outside of the Center. For the Underground station is just 5 mins walk, you can reach the very center easily. The rooms are furnished tastefully, the beds are very comfortable and you'll find everything you need.On our departure day we had a problem with my luggage and the staff of the hotel, especially their manager on duty, did an outstanding job in helping us to sort it out. You'll only really find out about the quality of a hotel and their guest relation when there is a problem to solve, an the staff of this hotel was really top.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good Marriott Hotel	My sister and I stayed here on points for 3 nights while visiting London. Hotel is further out of the center of tourist destinations, the closest touristy thing is the London Zoo. However, the hotel is located less than 10 minutes walk from the Swiss Cottage stop on the Jubilee line so getting around wasn't difficult. Hotel room was as expected for a Marriott with comfortable beds. I did have Platinum status, so my sister and I were able to make use of the Executive Lounge for snacks, beverages, light h'or d'oeuvres and breakfast. Hotel staff for the most part were very welcoming...the only person that wasn't so welcoming was the elderly lady who set out the nightly happy hour h'or d'oeuvres in the Executive Lounge...she always seemed suspicious as to whether my sister and I should be in the lounge as we were definitely the youngest looking people who made use of the lounge. She always checked their sign-in book to see if we had signed in whenever we showed up, but never did it to any of the other people who entered the lounge after us. Overall a good hotel, can't say that it's one I'd definitely return to, but it's definitely a hotel I'd use as a &quot;back up&quot; if there isn't a better option available when I'm back in London.	
Sep 21 2009 	Best of many visits at this hotel	Having stayed here many times, this was our best visit. Staff very attentive, Executive lounge access enhanced our stay with excellent breakfasts, complimentary computer access and a place to unwind after a day's walking and touring. The room is comfortable, specially on the quiet side of the hotel. The hotel is well located for underground and bus access. We will return on our next visit to London.	
Sep 15 2009 	Ordinary hotel with no charme and little out of Central London	My husband and me chose the Marriott Regents Park because we were in London to visit some friends who then got married at Chewton Glen, New Milton (see separate reviw) and they lived nearby, so they suggested us this hotel. We are Marriott Reward members so we were happy to gain some more points.I was little disappointed with this Marriott. Nothing really to complain about, but nothing great to point out.The hotel is pretty old and shows its age expecially from inside. Rooms are quite small – but ok if you consider the standard in London. The bathroom we had was old, small and surely disappointing. It would have needed a massive redecoration. The room overlooked the street and was noisy. Beds were confortable, as always happens at Marriott, and the room was kept enough clean during our stay.The lobby is much nicer than the rooms with a Marriott touch. Associates of this hotel were very kind with us – although we did not have any special needs. The neighborhood is ok, we went out also at night and did not have any kind of problems. The nearest tube station is “Swiss Cottage” which is 5 minutes walk away. The area is “2”, so little outside from Central London. In spite of the name, Regents Park is not too close.We did not try any of the facilities of this hotel but I saw a very nice fitness centre – and an advertisement at Swiss Cottage Tube station claimed that it was open to public for a limited fee. Internet cost a lot.We paid our stay 160 € per night and thought it was not too worth. This hotel is ordinary and shows no personality. I would not be back for such a price.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Value and Friendly Service	We stayed here overnight when we attended a wedding at the hotel. The staff were very helpful and friendly and breakfast the following morning was substantial. The room was a good size and well appointed. The only criticism was that it was quite noisy. As we had a 5 year old with us, we would have appreciated a quieter spot, especially as we had reserved the room quite some time in advance of our stay. However, that said, I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it.	
Sep 4 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	Apparently it is true that you have to take personal reviews with a grain of salt and realize that it is often those with a negative experience who are the most vocal. I was apprehensive about staying at Marriott Hotel Regents Park based on some of the less positive reviews, but I shouldn't have been. I stayed for 9 nights 2 weeks ago with my dh and 2 children - ages 13 and 9. I had booked the hotel through Orbitz and it worked out to about $160/night which is practically unheard of in an expensive city like London! The staff accommodated ALL of my special requests which included a room with a refrigerator (they brought one to the room free of charge), and a room that was quiet (they gave us a room on the 4th floor which was located on the residential side of the building -- Swiss Cottage is a beautiful residential area to stroll through). As far as slow elevators (lifts) which I have read about here...I have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. We never had to wait for more than a minute for one to arrive.The rooms were standard sized marriott rooms with two double beds, a desk, a tv with a dresser, closet, iron and ironing board, a small table with 2 chairs and a trouser press. The bathroom was a bit smaller than in other Marriott hotels I have stayed in in the US yet clean. My only complaints about the rooms were: 1) a less-than-adequate housekeeping cleaning one day. The following day I wrote a note on the doorknob housekeeping request and after that the room was spotless - the housekeeping manager even stopped by to check that everything was to our satisfaction. 2) the complete lack of towel racks in the bathroom which would have been nice in hanging up our wet towels and bathing suits.Which brings me to the next positive. The pool. The pool was great for a family with kids. It was clean and well kept and provided the perfect respite after a day of sightseeing. It also had a steam room and sauna. I didn't use the fitness center, but from what I could see it was very nice. There is a hair/nail salon as well which I didn't use.  My dh's only complaint is that there wasn't a complimentary newspaper and free brewed coffee at the hotel - they give instant in the rooms, but we ended up getting takeaway coffee across the street at a cafe in the Community Center each morning. There are 2 restaurants in the hotel -- Chats which is a bar/grill and Brasserie Centrale which is a more formal restaurant. We did not eat at either one as they were clearly overpriced. Plus, there are a huge number of other restaurants within a very short walking distance on Finchley Street. We walked up and down Finchley almost every evening finding a new place to eat. The O2 centre is about 12 minutes away by foot and offered many restaurants, a huge bookstore and a Selfriges. There is also a Marks &amp; Spencer and a Waitrose grocery store on Finchley which came in very handy for us to buy breakfast foods and fruit/water/juice for our fridge in the room. In fact we never ate breakfast anywhere else saving both money and time.The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the Swiss Cottage Tube Station. The tube will have you to Baker Street in 5 minutes and central London in no more than 10 minutes. Primrose Hill and the London Zoo (a must for dd) were a 15 minute walk. The Jubilee line was down for maintenance on the weekend, but we just hopped on the buses which stop right before you reach the tube station. So easy and the kids loved riding on top.Mid way through the trip we ran out of clean clothes, so the concierge gave me directions to the nearest laundrette. I did wish that the hotel offered a washer and dryer because there was no way I was going to pay the prices they charged for laundry service. Doing it on my own killed about 2 hours, but dh and the kids went swimming in the pool and everyone was happy.So my overall impression of our stay at this hotel was very positive. If you are looking for a luxury facility where you step out your front door into the heart of London, then this hotel probably isn't for you. But if you are willing to sacrifice 10 minutes a day of travel time to stay in a beautiful neighborhood in a very reasonably priced hotel that is perfect for families, then the Marriott Regent's Park is the place for you	
Sep 3 2009 	Good Value For Money - Ideal for Non-Fussy Business Travellers	Stayed here for a night in August 2009. The hotel exterior as has been said before is bland and thoroughly unimpressive. The lobby area is spacious but a bit cluttered. the rooms are quite spacious (or maybe I just got a family room). Difficult to have any paticularly great views. The staff do their jobs professionally, which is great and ideal for business travellers who want to get in and out as quickly as possible. Taxis readily available on the hotel's doorstep and Swiss Cottage tube station on the Jubilee Line (Zone 2) is a very short walk away. I'd recommend this on value for money basis and also for business travellers who do not want to stay in the heart of the City. For holidaymakers - London has a wider choice to offer, particularly if you are after the whole London experience.	
Aug 31 2009 	Terrible maintenance - good location	This is not an inexpensive hotel. Based on the category and cost, I expected something similar to the Marble Arch or County Hall Marriott's where I've stayed in the past. And I'll say that the Concierge was VERY helpful. (Otherwise I'd have given it a 1 bullet rating.)This hotel is WAY WAY below those hotels in maintenance and customer service. {To some extent it might depend on the room or floor you get. Our friends on a different floor had their rooms made up by early afternoon and they had hot water.} Our room (and other guests in the elevator) had tepid hot water. Our room was never made up before 6pm except one day that my wife called housekeeping steamed about the after-6pm-service the previous day. The room was made up when we returned to the hotel at 4pm that day but only that day.The sink stopper was installed incorrectly in our room and the sink would not drain. I called maintenance twice about this before giving up. Getting on your knees you could push the lever and make it drain slowly. Seeing that they weren't likely to fix it, I asked if we could have another room. No other King rooms available. I offered to take a room with 2 double beds. They had those but they were 'saving them' for guests with larger families.Internet service in the business center was 5 pounds (at this time that's about $8) per 30 minutes. The net access speed was satisfactory. There were 3 internet cafe's within a 15 minute walk but one was never open when I went by, one was down but the computers could be used for editing, and one (the Kodak store) was (according to our friends) incredibly slow. So figure on just paying the $16 per hour.We were booked for 7 days - had it not been for having friends also staying there after I had picked the hotel, I would have been out the 2nd day.This hotel - for this stay for OUR room - was way overpriced. I would rank it as a 2 star hotel. The Conceirge was better than average. Maintenance was well below average. Your experience might be better. Our friends were on the 2nd floor - we were on the 3rd.	
Aug 30 2009 	not bad but room stunk of fags and staff rude	the hotel itself is actually quite nice, we book a no smoking room but were told there were none, but were reassured that it would not smell and if it did just say and they would spray it, any way it stunk so I went baqck to reception and told the guy only for him to be rude, it eventually got done on the forth time of asking. watch what they take off your card they take an extra £50 without asking apparently to save you carrying cash , only if they dont tell you how can you spend it , i was mad when i discovered this , how dare they take cash without permission!. hint if you are there at the weekend pay the £2,50 to get breakfats inyour room the queue was massive , felt sorry for the poor sods, best not to have a first floor room either we enjoyed the music from the wedding below ( not)	
Aug 26 2009 	Excellent family hotel	I always find it hard to get a room in London for 3 adults, the Holiday inn add on £20 - £50 extra per night for a third adult sharing. Our eldest son has autism so he needs to be in the same room as us. This Marriot hotel did not cost any extra for a third adult sharing a room and that was one of the reasons for choosing it.I booked the room for 2 nights 3 months in advance and it included breakfast for 2 people. When we checked in they said that breakfast was not included but I had a copy of my conformation email which stated breakfast included. That was sorted out as they took a copy of my email and added breakfast.We were very pleased with the room as it was a quiet room on the second floor overlooking King Henrys Road. The beds were very soft and comfy and we slept well. The bathroom was on the small side but it had every thing you needed and plenty of towels. I did not care for the smell of the toiletries as the reminded me of citronella smelling candles to keep flies away.There was a good choice at breakfast including full English items and continental pastries, meats, cheese, smoked salmon, fresh fruit, cereals and toast. Drinks included tea, coffee, iced water and a selection of fruit juices.The hotel is in a good area close to Swiss Cottage tube station and the bus stops on Finchley Road for the short bus ride into London. As well as seeing many of the London sights we had a walk around the local area taking in Primrose Hill ( enjoyable larger taken in The Washington on Englands Lane ) Another walk took us along Chalk Farm Road and we ended up at Camden Lock with its many markets. If you go on to Adelaid Road you can get the C bus up to Highate and go onto Hampstead Heath for a picnic as we did or go the other direction to Brent Cross shopping centre. The cost of a Taxi journey to Kings Cross station from the hotel was £10.50 and a Taxi from Green Park Piccadilly to the hotel was £15.00 before tips.We would recommend this hotel and we will be staying again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Help from Front Desk and Concierge	I agree that the outside isn't anything to write home about, but the room was fine. The breakfast was great (the scrambled eggs were the best I've ever had). Our room was to include breakfast for 2, but they never charged my daughter for breakfast and said her's was included too. I want to commend the staff at this hotel. Our luggage was lost and the concierge went out of his way to call the airlines to help us locate the luggage. Also, my wallet was stolen out of my purse. Don't know how this happened because I'm always so careful - so please be very diligent in paying attention to your purse. The front desk called the police department for me and also followed up with a phone call to see how everything went. Also, when I checked out, the girl asked me if I had gotten my wallet back. Of course I hadn't.If I ever went back to London, I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel no complaints	Stay here for three days, great hotel, large room, clean and quiet. Great pool. Very close to tube station.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very comfortable clean beautiful!	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel with our 13 and 15 year old kids. The hotel was very nice inside with a indoor pool and nice fitness center. Restaurant on site and great breakfast! The rooms were very updated and nice with really comfortable beds. The hotel is very close to the metro station making transportation easier as this hotel is only near the wax museum. We would definitely stay again and again!	
Aug 13 2009 	That 70s Hotel...	Booked their &quot;3 for 2&quot; special and thought I was getting a good deal at about $160 a night after the discount. I have a friend who lives a block away which was great, and Bond St is only a few stops away on the Jubilee line; otherwise the location is unremarkable. The outside of the hotel is quite run down and depressing, with paint peeling off the metalwork and dirty brickwork everywhere. There are several spots under the overhang in front of the building where rainwater leaks from the downspouts. Inside the hotel is very clean but the orange carpet in my relatively large &quot;Deluxe&quot; room was right out of my parent's living room, as was the 19&quot; tube TV. The other annoying detail was that there was only one unused outlet in the room.Having said all that, the most bizarre thing about this stay was they put me in a room right next to the Terrace Suite, and when I got there, the doors between the rooms where open. Naturally I assumed they'd given me the suite (perhaps because of the late booking?) so I spent the next two days taking advantage of all the extra space. The last night I was there I called down for cutlery on the phone in the other room. When told I would have to pay the tray charge of 2.50, I said I would call back and order something. Right away the phone rang and I was politely informed that I was not supposed to be in that room and that someone would be checking in shortly, and could I please vacate the room in the next 10 minutes? This after the cleaning staff had been through twice. Needless to say it was a bit awkward and embarrasing.Service at check-in was fine, and the breakfast was okay.	
Jul 30 2009 	Good value for families. Pool safe neighborhood easy tube access	Overall it's a three star hotel. Nothing fancy, but a good value. Clean rooms, kind staff, safe surroundings and easy tube access. Short walk from Primrose Hill neighborhood and Regent's Park where you can experience a bit of London charm without the shuffle of tourists. Pros: Comfortable beds and linens, pillows nice. Nice and clean pool to unwind kids at end of day of sightseeing, staff is professional and kind, taxis always available out front, easy access to tube, safe location, short walk to park and restaurants, Bar (Chats) is family friendly, menu has items for kids and adults, food was good.Cons: Exterior of hotel needs refurbishing, hotel lobby over perfumed with musk scent, breakfast overpriced and breakfast tastes average. Wait-staff friendly, but slow. For these reasons I give it a 3 star rating, but otherwise the hotel is very good.So, more positives than negatives - would stay again with family because rooms were comfortable and accomodated our 11 &amp; 12 year olds nicely, they enjoyed the pool a lot too.	
Jul 28 2009 	Nice location - big room and good pool	I stayed here for 1 night with my husband and 5 year old twins. It was a little strange as the last time I stayed at this property was 30 years ago as a child visiting London! The hotel was quite nice - our room was very big (for London) and quiet. Kids loved the pool and breakfast was great. I like Swiss Cottage a lot, although it is not the most convenient place to be based if you want to be in central London - esp as the Jubliee line was not working when we were there. And there are not loads of restaurants very close, but enough to survive! There is a great little park behind Swiss Cottage Leisure Centre and Library which was really good for the kids.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent Hotel will stay again!	Stayed here as the prices in central London were too high. I couldn't believe it when it was only 15 minutes tube journey from Waterloo! It was quicker than staying at my regular hotel and walking to my meeting! The staff on reception were very friendly and professional. I ordered room service dinner, which was excellent - my Rib Eye Steak was superb. Rooms are a great size, absolutely spotlessly clean. So close to Swiss Cottage Tube - will definitely be staying again!	
Jul 23 2009 	Very badly run poor management...should not be called a Marriott hotel	We arrived at 7pm on a Friday night after an horrific 3 hour trip from Gatwick Airport in the rain to be told by the receptionist that we should have been there at 6pm as they were about to give our room away!! No where on the confirmation/booking does it mention a time limit, except that they charge your credit card for a night if you don't arrive! 1 of the 3 lifts was out of order and stayed that way until we left on the Monday morning; the second lift also had issues with doors getting stuck and not opening. The rooms had all the amenities, but felt dark and daggy. We had booked the room 6 months in advance and of the many rooms in the very big hotel, were given one on the noisy side close to the busy street. On the Saturday night at 1am, the fire alarm went off and after about 5 minutes we looked out to see people were leaving there rooms and going down the fire stairs to the outside. At no stage did we see any staff directing anybody. 1 Fire engine arrived and we were advised that it was a false alarm. There was a sign at the lifts asking guests to note that 9-10.30 was prime time for breakfast and one should try to make breakfast before or after! Breakfast was chaos, staff unfriendly and hygiene very poor....children touching bread, rolls, etc, food uncovered and no staff to supervise. The best was checking out. The location was great ...near the tube, but this hotel is not in Regents Park it is in Swiss Cottage! Maybe Regents Park sounds grander. If you have stayed in a Marriott in the USA then don't stay here...it is not a four star hotel by any stretch of the imagination.	
Jul 22 2009 	mostly nice good amenities	This was a repeat stay, so overall I like the hotel for its location. And I generally like the Marriott hotels. This is a business class hotel, so most amenities are there. Great fitness center and pool. Rooms are comfortable, nicely sized, acceptably clean although not spotless. The location at Swiss Cottage is a lovely section of London and there are plenty of restaurants, pubs, and markets nearby. A nice feature is proximity to Primrose Hill and the park for walks and views. Jubilee tube line is just two blocks away with good bus connections too. The hotel gets crowded with families on weekends.The staff is friendly but reliability here continues to be a problem. Example: My hired car for the early departure did not get scheduled, a room issue took a couple requests; and for a repeat time my bill was neither correct NOR ready at checkout (watch out for bogus minibar charges) and had to be mailed by post. Not disqualifiers but annoying. A few peeves: slow elevator service; mattress was not comfortable; no complimentary bottle of water in room ; internet is 15BP/day. Other: my recent package included breakfast for two but not the three family members scheduled and despite my repeat business (normally I travel alone) they would not add one. I knew this ahead but just bad business relations - walk across the street to the community center restaurant (opens at 7), or others nearby, all quite good (and free wifi). Anyway hotel weekend breakfast not served until 7:30AM (I schedule early business meetings) or 630 weekdays.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great Family Hotel	We just returned from a wonderful trip to London and Paris. We struck gold with both hotels we chose.Since we were staying in London for six nights and our teenaged boys are both 5'10&quot;, we needed an American-sized room with queen-sized beds so they would be comfortable. We all slept incredibly well...very comfortable beds and air conditioned rooms. There was a rare heatwave while we were there, so it was wonderful to come back to the hotel room and cool-down.The bathroom is just like the typical, small American bathroom. There were shelves to organize our toiletries and keep the counter clean. Beware...the shower tub is high and you have to step down when you are getting out - hold onto the bar!!The staff was extremely friendly, helpful and professional.This hotel is in a residential neighborhood so there are no other hotels, very few restaurants; although walk up the main street, Finchley Road, and there are a few banks, grocery stores, etc. You will become very, very good at using the tube. It is an easy 10-20 minute tube ride into town - only inconvenient when the Jubilee lines goes down for service (it was closed the whole weekend we were there) and then you will need to walk up Finchley to the Metropolitan line (10 minute easy walk) or take a bus to that station or take a bus into town, which is slower, but we didn't have any problems reading the bus maps. We had purchased Oyster cards (at the transportation center at Heathrow - they were very helpful) so it was very easy to jump on-and-off the buses and trains as necessary (note: children 14 and under are only 1 GBP a day when traveling on weekends and weekdays after 9:30 am - don't buy them an Oyster card, buy their travelcard each day). Loved the transportation in London - easy, clean and almost entertaining. Paris was much more of a challenge.We did not use the hotel's business center as I knew in advance that it was very expensive. Very close-by is the Swiss Cottage library - you will pass it on your way from the tube to the hotel. I went inside and explained I was staying at the Marriott and asked if was possible to receive a pass to use their computers. They gave me a 3-month membership for free so I could use the computers!We gave up the free breakfasts that many hotels offer in order to get the larger hotel room. We asked for a refrigerator, which was provided at no extra charge! There was a small market that was open 24-hours across from the metro station and we bought milk, juice, etc. and ate in the room - saved us quite a bit of money. There is a safe in the room and a hairdryer - it's in a bureau drawer. We needed to go to St. Pancras to get to the EuroStar. The concierge recommended a taxi, which we thought was going to be very expensive, but it wasn't - about 15 GBP and they were able to fit all four of us with all our luggage. Don't try to save a few bucks by dragging it up and down stairs in the tube - take the taxi. The concierge reserved one for us early in the morning and he was there right on time waiting for us.At St. Pancras, we turned in our Oyster Cards to get our deposit back (3 GBP/card) and transferred the GBPs to Euros so we had some money as soon as we got to Paris. We stopped in at the Marks &amp; Spencer, picked up some very reasonably priced sandwiches, drinks and snacks before getting on the Eurostar.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good Hotel Don't Judge it by its exterior	Good Hotel. Clean Modern Rooms. Close to Underground. Arrived early to the hotel our rooms were not ready but were offered smoking rooms we decided to wait and dropped off our bags and went exploring. The hotel is in a good safe location. We were only staying one night as we were going to a concert. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and modern with a large bathroom.	
Jul 7 2009 	okay for the money	The Regents Park Marriott in London, while not a great hotel, can be a good deal by London standards ($200/night including tax). Be careful on checkout: the hotel tries to get to you to pay in US dollars after adding a large currency exchange surcharge even though they claim otherwise; I gave them only three stars because of their lack of honesty on the exchange rate and because of their poor attitude when I caught them and asked to be billed in pounds. They also charge $2.50/local phone call and $25/day for internet which is more than the Beverly Wilshire charges; this is an inconvenience. I booked the hotel because it is close to Regents Park for running, it is close to Triyoga in Camden, and it has a gym and a pool. The local area is forgettable with poor restaurants, but the tube is close by and the hotel does a great job keeping taxis available. The exterior of the hotel is ugly and rundown; the inside is a bit soulless and generic but in very good condition. The rooms are large by London standards and the marble bathrooms are very nice. The elevators are slow and in poor repair so you want to avoid going to/from your room during when the hotel is busy. The breakfast is very pleasant because the waitresses are cute, friendly, and have very british accents; however, there are enough Russians in London that one could be hired as a consultant to pick out good bread. The pool looks nice but is intensely used by very young children so I skipped it because of questionable hygine (if you know what I mean, and I think you do…). The gym is nice and has large windows and a views of the pool and garden; the cardio equipment is excellent, but there is no bench press. The jogging in Regents park is excellent especially the running along the Regents canal. If you combine the outer path of Primrose Park, the outer loop of Regents Park with a run along the full length of the canal path you do a solid 12-13 miles. I was surprised the Brits are such good runners; perhaps the ban of smoking in pubs has improved their cardio fitness, but still with that British food it is amazing they are reasonably fast.	
Jul 6 2009 	Terribly Managed Hotel	Described as a &quot;luxury hotel&quot; on the Marriott website, this hotel is probably the worst run Marriott I have ever stayed at. I have had to beg for towels almost every day. Some days, we have not been given any hand towels or wash cloths, which is quite ironic since my profile on the Marriott website for Marriott Reward participants spcifically requests EXTRA towels and we couldn't even get the basic allotment! The hotel charges 75 British pounds (about $125.00 U.S. dollars) for a week of room internet service , which is billed as &quot;high speed&quot; but it's so bad that it can take an hour to get onto a website. On one morning of my vacation, I had to spend three hours in my room waiting for the hotel engineer because the hotel's internet system would not allow me to log on. Another day, my friend waited on her laptop for an hour but could not get on to participate in a video conference. A manager on duty earlier in my stay told me that she would &quot;take care&quot; of the internet charges since the service had been so bad. However, when I asked for a printout of my bill two days before leaving, the charges were still there. She had not followed through to refund me for what she had called an &quot;embarassment&quot; for the hotel. I have also had to ask repeatedly for turndown service, certainly a minor thing but asking once should have been enough. One night, they turned down both beds but left a mint on only one of the beds, completely ignoring the other bed in the room.Pretty amazing.Also, the bathroom sink doesn't drain well and backs up. The room is either freezing or stuffy and there's no way to get air circulating without the air being either cold or hot. One afternoon, I asked the concierge for suggestions for a Persian restaurant and he said he would slip a note through the room door before he left fo the day and also ask his replacement when he went off shift to call us. Needless to say, he didn't follow through either. Another day, the cleaning staff left a plastic spray bottle of their cleaner on top of the television set! In addition, the restaurant food was absolutely horrible one morning when I decided to have breakfast here. It wasn't even mediocre but was inedible.This is my 3rd stay here in about two years. The hotel is clean and the rooms are very quiet and large. Staff are very nice. The location is great with access to the restaurants of Hampstead, to Regents Park and to a nearby tube station. But it doesn't seem that anyone is actually managing the hotel, training staff about how to do their jobs or training supervisors about how to monitor staff and hold them accountable. It's too bad because it could be a nice hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Our fantastic trip to London	We just returned from a 10 day trip to London/Paris. We flew from Chicago to London because it was easier for us to get a flight from Chicago to London than to Paris. My husband booked us at the Marriott Regent Park, London after doing some research. I hadn't been to London in over 25 years and wasn't familiar with the hotels. We were 3 people. A grandmother (68 yrs), mom (49 yrs) and a teenage girl (16yrs). We were sceptic booking this hotel after some of the reviews on TA, but this hotel was great for us.The beds and room were very comfortable, we felt as if we were at a finer Marriott in the states. Some reviews said that the elevators were slow, that is absolutely not true. So, it's always good to do some of your own research as well as using advice from people on the travel websites that may be disgruntled for whatever reason. This hotel was in a great location: Regent Park area close to the Swiss Cottage Tube Station(which we had no problem using). We walked around the area and felt safe. Finchley road (close by)has many stores, post office, atm machines, movie theatre, restaurants, etc. This hotel also has a pool, which we didn't have time to use, but looked clean and nice. The only thing I do recommend is to hire a private car in adavance(online) before your trip to have them pick you up from the London Heathrow airport when you arrive, because it is quite a distance from this hotel. We book online with British Airport transfer and it was 39 pounds which is much cheaper than the London black taxis. There are other transport companies as well which you can book with. We also took a cab from this hotel to St. Pancras train station (about 10-15 pounds) and only a 10 minute cab ride. This was another reason we booked this hotel, because of its proximity to the St. Pancras station where you catch Eurostar to Paris. All in all, the three of us truly enjoyed this hotel and would recommend it, especially to families. The staff was friendly, attentive, and helpful.We would definately stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	ok but	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights 19th - 22nd June, myself, my wife, daughter, and daughter in law. I had booked a family room with 2 double beds and had an e-mail guaranteeing us 2 doubles. On arrival I was informed that they didn't have a room with 2 doubles and we would have 1 double and a pull out bed. Fortunately I had printed off their guarantee and had a copy with me and I insisted that they provide what I had booked. The receptionist went off to try to sort it out. She returned after 10 minutes to say that they had found us a room as requested but it was not ready and would we like a complimentary drink at the bar while we waited,(which we obviously accepted). The room we were given was very nice and quite spacious although the bathroom was a bit small with no walk-in shower and it turned out to be a bit noisy at night. We only ate in the hotel once and that was breakfeast on the Saturday morning but this was extremely satisfactory (but expensive, £16-99p each). Drinks were also very expensive but there is not a lot of choice if you go into Swiss Cottage or Primrose Hill, where are all the pubs. One final word of warning, car parking is £25 per night and the swing into the car park is quite tight and if you have a very big car it will need some very careful driving in order not to scrape it, big 4x4's and long saloon car owners beware.	
Jun 25 2009 	Decent Location	I could have chose a hotel more in the thick of tourist location destination, however those hotels were out of my price range. So this Marriott was well into downtown, and a residential area, yet only a coupld of blocks from an underground station (Swiss Cottage). Check in was interesting. We arrived at the hotel at noon and they said our rooms would be ready in 90 minutes. My colleague chose to take a smoking room, so she could drop her bags and go sightseeing. I decided to wait the 90 min. in the exec. lounge and do some work on the internet. Two hours later I called down , but my room still wasn't ready. 3 hours later, when check in is the &quot;official time&quot;, I went down to the front desk. They said my requested king room still wasn't ready and offered me a double. (I'm a platnium member), so I was kind of disappointed. I told them I'd continue to wait for a king bed. I was only to be there one night and all I wanted to do was sleep.. Within 15 minutes, they upgraded me to a suite (which was probably available at noon); but I was just grateful to get a bed. The suite room was sort of odd as it had a shade that went from a normal type window to up onto the ceiling and would not open. But the room, by London standards, was really lovely and huge.  I was there to rest in between two lengthy flights, so I only walked around the neighborhood to see if I could pick up some souveniers. There were quite a few shops in the area so i was happy. Although Wimbleton was going on while I was there, I could not find a wimbleton T Shirt anywhere, not even the airport. hmmmmmmmmmm????The executive lounge left much to be desired. I thought all Marriott' abroad offered complimentary cocktails, but not this one. that's okay. i didn't llike any of the food they offered. very weird squid things that was way too chewy. i did eat at the hotel resturants for the obligatory fish and chips and it did not disappoint me, it was very yummy. I was looking forward to the breakfast buffet, included, but it was a normal buffet. No scones, no soda break. boo hoo.I didn't use the pool, but have heard it is nice.For an overnight, it was decent.	
Jun 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel	My wife and I have always liked this hotel. It was originally called the Swiss Cottage Holiday Inn (when Holiday Inn's were considered posh in the UK) This most recent trip was to stay in the area for a night out. It was also quite a major wedding anniversary (30 years for long suffering wife!), so I requested Champagne and Roses in the room but no fuss. This was delivered impeccably, (the receptionist venturing a friendly &quot;make sure you come back for your 60th!). The hotel upgraded us to a lovely room and although we were not there for any length of time, found the service excellent.For visitors to London, the only possible drawback is that it is not on the door step of anything (I actually think that is a blessing) but cabs appeared plentiful and Swiss Cottage tube is only a 5 min. walk.	
Jun 19 2009 	Quiet area of London	We stayed for a total of three days, two at the beginning of our trip and one at the end of our trip. Check in the first time was lengthy because we arrived early in the morning and a room was not available, we were exhausted from flying the last 24 hours and decided to wait in the lobby instead of going off and sightseeing. The room was promised in 30 minutes but it really took an hour, we were very pleased with our room when we finally received it and other than this delayed check in we had a great experience. The concierge was helpful in confirming our bus tour for the next day and our transport to the airport. I was also surprised to find an &quot;american&quot; plug in the room, a nice touch since we each only had one adapter but several electronics to charge so we found the extra plug nice. One negative was that breakfast is not included and due to our scheduling both of our tour and flights we were departing before the restaurant ever opened. We also found the selection of restaurants in the area to be slim, the area is very residental and we found fast food near the subway station (swiss cottage) but other than that no real restaurants where we walked. We did walk to Abbey Rd and to Regents Park from the hotel and the neighborhood felt very safe. The underground station was a few blocks away, and very convient to use. Overall we had a nice stay and if needed I would stay here again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Shame we had to work	This hotel was one of the best hotels I have stayed in whilst in London for ages! The staff were friendly the conference facilites were excellent and I intend to book our departmental meeting here in December and join the xmas party!	
Jun 12 2009 	Repeat Visitor - Always Taken Great Care Of by The Staff	Recommended by a colleague, repeat guest and have always had a great experience. I was last there in June 2008 for several nights, went to France for a week and when I got back after miserable French service, the staff gave me a beautiful room on the top floor -- the only bad thing about that stay was it was only for my last night in London. The rooms are always spotless, everyone on the staff is helpful and friendly (extra gold stars to David the concierge). Walk to Swiss Cottage tube station, the local area has one of everything (try finding that in overpriced, noisey Kensington or Belgravia) including a great Indian restaurant (Ericki) and a Waitrose.	
Jun 7 2009 	Nothing too much trouble	I arrived at this hotel after a nightmare journey from a European business trip, and frankly was in a pretty foul mood. The receptionist (I can't remember her name but she came from Berlin) was absolutely delightful and set the tone for every member of staff which I encountered during the whole stay. She mentioned that I had a nice room and it most certainly was - a huge sofa and a huge, huge bed. The location of the hotel is in a great neighbourhood and whilst it isn't that central, it's only a quick cab ride from the west end and the tube is about 10 mins walk away.I thought it was excellent and will definitely use this one as my London base in the future.E Bateman	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic hotel exceptional staff that could not do enough for you	Lovely big rooms, very quiet, no traffic noise, the service from all staff was second to none. Great leisure facilities, with a more than adequate swimming pool.Favourite part, apart from great food, was the the size and comfort of the beds! Huge enough for a family!highly recommend this hotel, not only for meetings, but for a weekend/ mid week break,	
Jun 2 2009 	nice but a long tube ride ahead	Maybe we just got spoiled as our first hotel was in south kensington right next too everything and this is a LOT cheaper option but if we had to do it over we would probably pay the extra money( about 800 usd for 6 nights) too stay in south kensington.Having said that this is a very nice hotel located about 1/4- 1/2 mile from the swiss cottage tube station.Pretty typical for a marriot ...nice big ,clean rooms 2 queen size beds and a good size bathroom also. Small balcony but stangely you can't go out on them as they only open about 5 inches or so.One word of warning for the area...there is a pub called the swiss cottage just when you exit the tube station I WOULD NOT GO IN THE PUB! The locals seemd to grumble at us when we walked in there ...the first time we thought maybe they had a bad day but the second time they were downright surly! The bar staff was no better they basically ignored us . First time in all our travels we have felt downright unwanted in a place but at least we can warn you folks !!Overall a good solid hotel ...just a long tube ride away from the action of london but the price is cheaper....BTW...internet is not free really a rip off 6 gbp for one hour or 24gbp for a full day!	
May 26 2009 	5 star stay at Marriott Regents Park	My husband and I stayed here over the Bank Holiday weekend for 2 nights. They knew it was our wedding anniversary and we were upgraded to the most spectacular penthouse room - it was stunning. I couldn't fault a thing with this hotel - it had a great pool (although we didn't use it), and the breakfast was fantastic. I would say it is especially good for families (we are already planning a trip back with our two children) - they have films playing on the tv in the foyer for them and there is man who will make magic balloons.Primrose Hill is 10 minutes away and you can be in Camden in 5 minutes if you take the bus outside the hotel. The tube stop is 5 minutes walk away also. My husband said it would also be a great location for vists to Wembley. It has a lovely relaxed feel to the hotel and the staff are very welcoming.All in all we had a fantastic stay and can thoroughly recommend it.	
May 25 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the marriott for bank holiday weekend.We loved it. The pool was great to cool off after a hot day sight seeing.The breakfast was excellent and staff were very friendly and helpful.It is a five minute walk to an underground station into London.The room was very spacious and comfortable.Definitely recommend this hotel	
May 21 2009 	Saw BED BUGS on my bed YUKKK!	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in Room number 247. (thank God, it was only 1 nightmare)!! At night i saw 1 bed bug while lying down with my baby. I never seen one before so i showed it to my husband. He checked it out on the internet with his laptop. He said it was a bed bug. I thought maybe it was only a one off incidence and it was late at night so we didn't complain. (We should have done it). But in the morning, i saw 2 small ones and 1 big one and plenty of blood when we killed them. My husband saw another big one as well. We called the reception to complain. The duty manager came and only offer the breakfast which we didn't need. Then we had a very rude attitude when we checked out. So I decided to write the true comment about them here. Now we're back at home and I'm still very paranoid about the BED BUGS.	
May 21 2009 	Mamma Mia and the Marriot!!!	Booked a family room for two nights. On arrival we were upgraded to the penthouse floor 7 - the room was spacious and the beds were huge! we had a conservatory style lounge area and a balcony.The fan in the shower did not work, when we told the staff they really could not do anything after all we were up on the 7th floor at no extra cost.........Was a bit miffed at having to pay for internet access, and i thought it was expensive.............Pool was great for kids, we had an evening meal the first night which was not cheap but the service and food were exceptional.All in all it was a wonderful week end and the Marriot was a great place to stay	
May 18 2009 	lovely hotel just a bit far from the action	We stayed at the Marriott for the Race for Life in Regents Park in May 09, and were delighted with the size of rooms, great breakfast and ease with which to get to Primrose Hill and Regents Park. The hotel has a lovely pool with shallow end, great for kids and the breakfast is the usual Marriott high standard.As for location well you can walk up Swiss Cottage where there are the usual food restaurants and small shops with a Sainsburys in the O2 centre about 10/15 minutes walk away.Where this hotel loses out is location, on the weekend we were there Swiss Cottage Tube was closed for maintenance, so the next nearest tube then is a good 10/15 walk away (as apposed to 2 mins) so a Taxi to Oxford Street is needed cost £10 - just annoying nothing more....	
May 16 2009 	Great hotel shame about the cost of parking	We stayed in this hotel as we had tickets for the 4th day at Lords and the hotel is in walking distance. The hotel was great, the room was large but on a very busy road so could not have a window open. Our break included dinner on the first night and the set menu was more than adequate for choice and was delicious. The next night we decided to eat out but the area to the north of the hotel is quite run down and we were a bit wary of going too far but we found a small Albanian restaurant the was packed but managed to squeeze us in. The nearest tube station is a bit of a walk and across a few busy roads.Our worst shock of the whole weekend was when we put our card in to pay for the carpark!!! £50 for 33 hours seems a bit excessive especially as the hotel is not in the centre of London. We usually stay at the Kensington Hilton and that has a reduced price for Hotel guests and works out around £30.	
May 6 2009 	GOOD POSITIONBUT AVOID ROOMS 527528 ETC AS THEY SUFFER SOME ROAD NOISE	Enjoyed the stay altough pricey like most London hotels,at least it clean and well maintained.My wife tried the pool but it is family based and not really any good for serious swimmers due to the length of the shallow end.We have stayed before in better room positions overlooking the the internal courtyard.This time we were overlooking the road and there is a lot of road noise(I am a light sleeper).My 84 year old Mother-in Law actually thought the hotel had a railway line going by,that's how load it was.We had no real compalints apart from the noise.	
Apr 24 2009 	nice serene place	Located close to Regents park, this place is in a very quiet place despite it's proximity to central london..The rooms could have been better. Ditto for business services like internet access and all.The executive lounge is a nice addition. u can have entry only if you are a Gold Member at marriott's or higher	
Apr 20 2009 	Quality	Spent two nights here in a family room with the wife and kids. The hotel completely lived up to our expectations. The nearest tube station is a five minute walk, and is only three stops from Central London and so access to the tourist &amp; entertainment sights is good. The hotel has a pool which kept the kids happy when they needed a breather from the sightseeing and the room was very comfortable and well appointed. My only gripe is, why say you can check in after 3pm, when after a long day travelling you pitch up at 3.45pm to be told you cant have your room for an hour - just be more honest about check-in times please.	
Apr 10 2009 	A Great Hotel in good location for car travellers	WE had checked out of a terrible hotel so had nowhere to stay in London. A client mentioned this hotel and that it had been recently renovated. We were quite desperate after our experience at previous hotel so were over joyed to find the Marriott Hotel was up to standard. Excellent staff, room, car park and nice dining experience. The room was quite large for London - flat TV screens are on order but all other facilities were fine. The hotel caters of family and business with a lovely ambiance.	
Apr 9 2009 	Bit pricey	Nice enough, but a bit bland. Great breakfasts, pricey bar, comfy bed. Would I pay its prices out my own pocket - no!	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Hotel!	Stayed here the 21st of March for 1 night. We're a family of 2 adults and 3 children and were given a room with 2 double beds and a rollaway. We had been informed that the room would be extremely cramped but we were happy with this as didn't want to pay for 2 rooms. The room was a lot bigger than expected and we had room to walk around all of the beds. We arrived at the hotel in the morning as wanted to spend the day in London and we were told that our room would be ready from 12pm onwards. Staff were extremely helpful, room was excellent and breakfast was the usual Marriott standard (we love the Marriott breakfast!). Excellent location as only 5 minute walk to the nearest tube at Swiss Cottage on the Jubilee Line. First time my children had been to London and they loved the whole experience and have asked to go back and stay at this hotel again. We had a fantastic nights sleep. The Marriott beds are the most comfortable beds in any hotel I've ever stayed at, I have a back problem and managed to have a great nights sleep. Excellent value for money because it was going to cost me a lot more to have stayed in a Travelodge because there's 5 of us. Will definitely be staying here again.	
Mar 29 2009 	Ok -- not bad not great	Recently stayed at the hotel for three nights. It was far from perfect, but not terrible either. Things got off on the wrong foot when we asked for directions to walk to the nearby restaurants, and we were sent the wrong way (they provide a map, which only confuses things – can’t they dummy-proof something as basic as this???). So we ended up taking a cab, when it’s really just a 5 minute walk. The room we had was nice, though facing a fairly major street, so be sure to ask for a quiet room if this sort of thing bothers you. There’s a screwy lighting system, whereby you can’t turn on the desk light to work unless the light by the front door is also turned on (I assumed the desk light was broken). And the switch for the bathroom light and the light by the front door are right next to each other, so I was constantly turning on the wrong light (a problem if other people are sleeping in the room).I was pleased to find an American power outlet in my room, but alas, it didn’t work. And the wired Internet connection didn’t work either. I eventually got it fixed – not before being given the wrong number for technical service, for which I was charged – but when I asked the front desk to remove the Internet access charge (a steep 15 pounds) they did (though the request was initially met with a rather surly response)The gym is quite nice, with a lot of equipment. The pool is nice too, though you can’t really do lap swimming because one end of it is about a half meter deep. Very odd. Had a great chef’s salad in the hotel one night. The breakfasts were ok – runny eggs and artery-clogging sausage and bacon, but fresh fruit also available. Checkout is at noon, and as we learned, your key is disabled exactly at noon (we were locked at about 12:01 p.m.). We were given a replacement, and then that one didn’t work. So I had to return to the lobby a second time, to get a concierge to open the door. Never heard of this policy being used before. The location is nothing special, though it’s a very short walk to the Swiss Cottage tube. And you can also walk to restaurants in Primrose Hill. So you’re a little off the beaten path, but central London is still easily accessible. We stayed at the hotel because friends lived nearby, and the rate was quite low relative to other hotels in London. While the staff is friendly, I’m not sure we’d stay again, unless we needed to be in the vicinity. It’s a typical Marriott, which is to say it has little-to-no charm.	
Mar 24 2009 	FANTASTIC	We must of been lucky reading the other reveiws, my boyfriend and I arrived at 10am after catching the easy bus service to finchley road and walking about 12minutes to the hotel.  We were informed we were too early to check in, the entrance hall was lovely and the staff although all seemed from different countries/backgrounds had good English, the man we delt with told us to come back in an hour and he'd see what he could do- we were offered king smoking / non smoking. chose non-smokingwent away to explore the area, had breakfast in weatherspoons and returned to a different set of receptionist staff who said they cant promise or allocate rooms before check in at 3pm! well i got slightly upset and we decided to go into london town and come back, just as i was leaving i forgot something in the bag in the place they keep them for you. so went back in to get something and our friendly receptionist was back speaking and pointin towards me.. he came running along with a key and said sorry about the problem, so off me and my boyfriend went. Room 532Brilliant! see the photossooo soo clean, massive king size bed with duck/goose feather quilt/mattress topper and pillows. shower was okay, hot water and powerful enough, compliementary toiletriesEVERYDAY (3) our towels were cheanged and bed was made. the room was fine for travelling and exploring london, gettin the tube from swiss cottage on the jubilee was alright! but wont be for a couple of months/ years as planned engineering works are taking place, the buses from round the corner probs dont take too longday 2 we went for a swim at night, swimming pool isnt very great, very swallow and on a slope so cant really swim very far, no jaquzzi and no sauna as it was broken or something. never ate at the hotel.had a couple of drinks thought2 guiness cost my boyfriend £9 and i got a cocktail which forgot to get charged and tripple madoori and lemonade for 2.50... think i was liked?the balcony doors were shut as there was building works going on around the hotel? didnt really see any but the aircon wouls be sufficent. emm.. the king henry road side we were on was quite loud but we managed to sleep.. what can you expect in London anyway its a BIG CITY it's going to be Loud..	
Feb 26 2009 	Erratic housekeeping pokey ill equipped room expensive breakfast	We had an enforced, lengthy stay at this hotel, local to us, during our recent building work. You need to ask for a quiet room on the King Henry's Road side. The housekeeping was erratic - some days no towels, others no loo paper, towelling robes not changed until requested and then they disappeared completely. Breakfast was hugely expensive and not good, instant coffee is served which is inexcusable. The restaurant is cold and uninviting. Staff were friendly and willing but mainly incompetent and unable to sort out the many problems we encountered. The hotel has recently been refurbished but our mini-bar didn't work and when we made enquiries, we were told that most of the mini-bars weren't working. We were offered a fridge but in the small room, there was no-where to site it. The leisure centre was under refurbishment and the swimming pool was closed. There is no shop in the lobby - as there used to be. High speed internet is available but hugely expensive as is the parking. This hotel is fine for a night or two but no longer and when you book, try to get a rate that includes the sub-standard breakfast.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great service friendly staff and a good all round experience	I recently stayed at the London Marriot Hotel Regents Park overnight. The hotel itself is very well located for the west end and is very welcoming as you step through the entrance. The staff were friendly and highly professional and the rooms are well laid out and luxurious. The bar was very well stocked and the food (breakfast) provided many options to cater for all tastes and preferences. I would highly recommend a stay at this hotel. There was no fuss just a welcoming feel and excellent service and accomodation.	
Jan 23 2009 	Staff Helpful Management Lacking at London Marriott	My husband Jerry &amp; I chose Regents Park London Marriott for a 9 night stay because of its close proximity to the inner core of London and the rates were a little more reasonable for the week of Christmas to New Years. The staff were helpful, but several times were unable to operate the technology in the hotel. For example, the clock on the TV was off 10 min. and no one knew how to fix it for 4 days. The clock on the TV relates to when the pay movies come on, so we missed the first 10 min of the movie. The pay movies were very limited and local TV is limited too. Then the staff forgot to roll over the pay movies from one day to the next and the manager said &quot;We are on a learning curve&quot;. The mini bar was never restocked and at check out we found out that we were supposed to call and request the mini bar be refilled. Whenever you called housekeeping, you spoke to the front desk and then the front desk would call housekeeping and requests would get confused. Housekeeping was not consistent in supplying the variety and amount of towels and toilitries to the room. Room service was always dependable and the food was good; a service charge was always included. The hotel was full of families over the holidays. Doors were slamming with noise, but the hotel usually would quiet down by 11:00 p.m. Note: we also have a white noise machine running full blast which helps! We experienced 5 min. waits for the elevator routinely, so we tried the stairs, but were unable to access the lobby from the stairs which was a little scarry. What happens if there is a fire? The hotel is about a 10 min walk from Primrose Hill (south of the hotel) and Primrose Hill runs in to Regents Park and this was a nice walk even during the cold weather. The Zoo is about a 20 min walk from the hotel, heading south. The Underground Line Jubilee was not working the first 3 or 4 days of our trip, which was very inconvenient. The Jubilee access is about a 5 to 7 min walk from the hotel heading north. We took the bus for the first 3 days and the buses were crowded. A taxi ride from the hotel to Westminster Abbey was about $24.00 American dollars on a non holiday rate Taxi rides on holidays were time and a half. The Thai restaurant near the bus stop near the hotel has good food. In summary, we had a good time and the hotel was generally comfortable, but the management could do a better job! There is a lack of good management.	
Jan 17 2009 	1 of the best i've stayed in!	I booked my trip through show and stay as part of a theatre break and I chose this hotel and it was brilliant.We arrived at 10.00am not expecting to get our room but just leave our luggage and we were surprised and pleased to get shown to our room straight away. (checkin is 3pm) The receptionist was very friendly and helpful.the room was really good. A massive bed with plently of pillows to chose from. It was very comfy. The room was a good size and it was spotless. The bathroom was also spotless with plently of towels.Breakfast was very good also. Plently to hose from and filled us up for the whole day. Every member of staff we spoke to was more than helpful and always friendly. I don't know what peoples problem is with the lifts. We never had to wait. It always came striaght away.I have to say, after staying in quite a few hotels in London over the years, this really was the best. And I can't understand other peoples comments and I can be quite fussy!!!	
Jan 2 2009 	Very poor service	Okay, we travel a lot. We live in London and had friends over and decided to book this hotel which is a 15 minute ride from our house. The hotel is in a great, north-central location, a kilometer from Regents Park, a 10 minute walk from Swiss Cottage tube on the Jubilee Line which gets you to Westminster station in fifteen minutes. So a great value for a London hotel. But it ends there. We booked the executive room for our one night new year's eve stay and the room was big, but the extra roll away bed was not in the room when we got there, and was delivered to us - not set up, just plunked down at the front of the door. The beds were so bouncy that it was impossible to get comfortable. Parking - even by london standards is an OUTRAGEOUS 25 pounds. The hotel staff, who spoke better Arabic than English (!) told us that the hotel validated parking. Not true. They do not and we were incredibly surprised when we checked out. And then the exit machine was broken and we along with other guests had to wait until some dummy returned from break to raise the gate to let us go. Regarding the food: the breakfast room was lined out the door and so we skipped breakfast altogether. But that was not the worst: it was New Year's evening and we, along with our friends and our kids were watching the fireworks from the Executive Lounge, which of course is reserved for 16 year olds and up. Well, together we had 5 youngsters, who were simply sitting watching TV with no-one else in the room except an older couple playing cards and another couple with a young child. A manager happened to walk by (yet again another fellow who spoke more Arabic than English) and actually asked us to leave. When we suggested that he break policy and allow us 20 minutes to watch the nice flat screen and welcome in the new year he said &quot;no, sorry, policy says so&quot;, and he actually had a security guard with him! So we left, although I gave this joker a piece of my mind, big time. The next day, our friends did not have their rooms made up until after 6PM, the shower water was anaemic and the bathrooms were desperately in need of upgrade.The only saving grace of this hotel was the pool and workout room which was good. But the service was SO BAD and the rooms so mediocre that it astounded the mind. In our own city, a world class city, to have such a bad experience is really an outrage. I want to let all Trip Advisor readers know: DO NOT STAY HERE. Go to Gloucester Road and stay at either the Millenium Gloucester or Harrington Hall for a much cheaper rate and minutes from Chelsea, a walk to the museums and a quick ride to Knightsbridge and the Parks. I hope (but doubt) that management will respond to this note, but in our 20 years of travelling in over 90 locations around the world, this was one of the worst experiences ever.	
Jan 1 2009 	Nice Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for two nights with my wife and two year old daughter. Hotel is a bit old fashion. The area is one of the nicest areas in London. We stayed on the 5th floor. We had no problem with the lift as it was the main down side of the hotel in the reviews. The room was spacious and clean, bathroom was spottlessly clean. Double beds were comfy. I did not like the pillows that were too fat. The only problem we experienced was balcony door locked. If anyone would like to get fresh air inside the room, it is not possible. The price included breakfast that was very good and plenty. We had dinner two nigts at the hotel and we liked the ambient. The waiter Serdar Ali was very polite to us.	
Dec 23 2008	hmmmm	Stayed at this hotel the last couple of days with my two children 10 and 9. Ok you can get to Swiss cottage tube in 5 minutes walk max (Exit 1 from underground). M&amp;S and Subway is less than5 mins (from exit 4)underground). To those who don't know know what M&amp;S is, you can stock up on snacks and goodies and wine and more at normal prices rather than the minibar! This hotel is ok but I won't rate it higher than that. The staff were indifferent. The rooms- oh dear.... Marriott please listen, your ghastly feather pillows are too small if using one and too big for using two. This coupled with an over hot room(turned down a/c as much as I could but to no avail) meant a sleepless night. Hideous sleeepless night for me and the kids. Thanks but no thanks.Won't be back.	
Dec 19 2008 	It grows on you	I spent a week there this month. I started at a low weekend rate and then was elevated to a higher weekday rate. When I first stayed here a few years ago, I didn't get a good impression. It was run down. The neighborhood was boring and somewhat threatening, and it just didn't feel right. On this trip though, the price difference was so large and the convenient access to the Jubilee and Metropolitan (finchley road) lines made access to our client's offices easy.The hotel has been re-done in the past few years, and it is clean and comfortable. Maybe it is me, but the area around the hotel feels like a cohesive neighborhood. The biggest issues I had are ultimately minor. The elevators are incredibly inefficient. Meeting somebody in the lobby? leave your room well ahead of time. The Concierge Lounge is below average for a Marriott. While they did have &quot;snacks&quot; available every night, quantities were very limited and when they run out of the first tray or two, they replaced them with onion rings (which were gone after the first two or three people. The breakfast there was acceptable to good, though the toaster was broken all week.The area restaurants are nothing to shout about. You are better off to just hop the Underground and just a couple stops later you are in the heart of the action.By the end of the week, I was looking forward to the &quot;close in, quietness&quot; of the hotel. I found myself relived to be back there at the end of the long day. While you can stay in a small boutique hotels close in for the same price, I would recommend this Marriott for those wanting a full service facility.	
Dec 16 2008 	Good Value Modern London Hotel	I stayed in this hotel by myself in December of 2007 to do some sight seeing and meet up with friends before going to stay with family in other parts of the country. I payed $115 for a successful bid on Priceline, which was about half the rack rate.It's a very pleasant, well appointed, freshly decorated and clean hotel in fairly typical Marriott style. I have stayed in so many 4* London hotels and frankly, they are very disappointing by American standards. Although the lobby and public areas are generally fine, the rooms tend to be small and shabby. You don't get king beds, you get doubles, and in twin rooms you get two singles. However, the twin room in this hotel did have two doubles (they put me in a corner room so it was extra spacious with windows on two sides).I enjoyed lunch in the cafe and took advantage of the free wireless there. I also had dinner in the main restaurant which was absolutely fine, but more like another cafe than a restaurant, with a rather limited and uninspired ( but quite reasonably priced) selection of food and wine (very 3*ish)I made use of the gym, which was small but well equipped and peeked in at the pool, which looked quite inviting.The hotel is about a 7 minute walk from the nearest tube station and then a 15 minute ride into central London. The immediate area is mixed, with some exquisite single dwelling homes and some dingy council flats. However, it is well lit and I felt perfectly safe walking by myself at night to and from the tube station. Despite the name, the hotel is NOT right by Regent's Park.For the price I paid, this hotel was excellent value. If I had paid full rate, I would only be giving it three circles. Next week I will be spending a night in the London Marriott Maida Vale ($106 on Priceline). It will be interesting to see how they compare and I will post a review of that in the new year.	
Dec 8 2008 	Superb London Stay	Having just stayed for four nights, making a long weekend break in London, I cannot honestly think of a better hotel to recommend. The reservation process was so simple and the staff were friendly and helpful every step of the way - something that continued when I actually arrived at the hotel and was maintained throughout my time there. The reception staff and concierge could not do enough for me - from recommending places to go and the best places to see, to getting theatre tickets and suggesting walking tours of London that left me with great memories. The food was superb in the hotel. There had clearly been a recent refurbishment of the hotel as everything appeared to be new and the condition of the hotel exceeded its four star rating. Although, the care and attention each staff member displayed probably means that the Marriott Regents Park is like this every day of the year!! It was truly outstanding, set in a great location to explore London and with staff members who were true service professionals. Mr Marriott and his organisation have something to be very proud of!!!!!!	
Nov 29 2008 	loving it at 40	My friend, her daughter, my daughter and i went to London for my 40th and stayed at the Marriott i had read all the reviews and weas looking for ward to staying there ,as alot of reviews i have read we loved the breakfast there was so much to eat and amble coffee, and the rooms though it was weird when the tv switch itself on at 8am.The staff were really helpful especially letting us leave our luggage when we could not book in and where going watching Wicked. The beds where so comfy and the rooms where spotless. There was a longish walk from the changing rooms to the pool (so don't be shy), you also need a £1 coin for the lockers. We could not fault it at all and would definately stay again	
Nov 17 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous!	Excellent location, extremely helpful/friendly staff, and modern hotel made our week's stay perfect. It's a hidden gem in Swiss Cottage. I dont know why they call it &quot;Marriott Regents Park.&quot; The park is a good 15 minute walk from the hotel. After researching hotels in London for a month, I found the Marriott in Swiss Cottage to be the best fit for us. We arrived just after 3.15pm. Unfortunately, we didn't get our room till 4 pm since it was a busy weekend. It was only problem we had with the hotel.The rest of our stay was perfect. Since I had time to spare on my first day waiting for our room, I researched the local area and walked to the shops and the local Marks &amp; Spencer to buy groceries. The walk to the Swiss Cottage tube station and shops takes about 5-10 minutes. I requested a fridge to keep certain food items refrigerated in our room. As you know, hotel food is expensive anywhere you go.The first thing I noticed was how nice the hotel was smelling. The hotel was built some time ago, but was renovated last year in 2007. The rooms and bathrooms are contemporary, of good size, and the beds are very comfortable. I wont recommend putting 4 people in one room as the hotel suggested you could do.The buffet breakfast is worth having. I was pleasantly surprised at the high quality and variety of foods presented. We had it included in our nightly rate. Try to do the same if you can. Its well worth it!I truly felt &quot;at home&quot; staying at the hotel. You know you're staying in the city, but since the hotel is also located in the upscale residential area of Swiss Cottage/St. Johns Wood, you get the best of both worlds. So if you dont want to be in the dead center of town, Swiss Cottage is 2 stops away on the Jubilee line from Bond Street (Marble Arch, Oxford Circus). Its ideal! I plan on staying at the hotel again when I visit London next spring. I hope you will consider it too!	
Nov 4 2008 	Decent Homely Hotel	I stayed at Marriott Regents Park for 20 days in January 2008 for my business trip. Before going there, I was under an impression that it would be a magnificient hotel (basically on the lines of JW M) but I was unpleasantly surprised to see a small building just like a UK budget hotel.. (somewhat better than a Holiday Inn Express Hotel). The hotel did not stood up to it's Marriott Standard and was quite average. At the end of it, I thought, I should have stayed in another property of Marriott at London, or for that matter a 4 Seasons or a Hilton would have been a better choice.What I Liked about the Hotel??Now that I'd paid for the rooms, I better like something about it.If you forget the fact that it was a Marriott Hotel, there were many things to like about it. It was quite a peaceful hotel in one of the best areas of London, quite close to my work area and the Tube Station but away from Traffic and clamour of Oxford Street. The rooms were nice and huge and not very opulent which gave me a sense of belongingness and homliness. The food was also quite good, the best meal being the Breakfast.The stewards were very polite and overall the atmosphere was to make me feel like being at home.What I didnt like...Many things. Conicerge facility was useless and they didnt seem to be interested in assisting. The rooms were big but not grand. They lacked the feel of a big hotel and everything gave a hint of it being a budget hotel. The dinner was pathetic most of the times and the overall feel was &quot;boring&quot;My Take on it!!Go to this hotel only if your business purpose requires you to be at Central London and that too in the St Johns Wood Area or if you want to visit Lords. The hotel would not give you a feel of being a grand hotel, but would suit the bill if they give you some hefty discounts. You have better options like the Millenium nearby.	
Nov 3 2008 	Think well before you decide.	I should have chosen a more central location.Tube closed for two days , bus was bad .As you see old exterior , and our old window let in far too much traffic noise.The three lifts are large enough , but as reported keep you waiting for ages . Request a low floor.Small bathroom.My breakfast was included , but even the good staff could not make it a good experience , we gave up going for it .Option is to pay for tray room service.Large number of children , yet the good pool looked quiet when I passed .Room comfortable and staff polished.I had a very low room rate , (Marriott 3 day stay).Pleasant location for Primrose Hill and Zoo.I would not choose this hotel again	
Oct 30 2008 	Busman's Holiday	Great, convenient hotel, located in Swiss Cottage area of London,close to St John's Wood and Regenst Park etc . Very easy access to anywhere in London. Stayed in executive room on 6th floor which was very spacious, clean, had modern/new furnishings etc and was well maintained. Great views across town. Bed was very comfortable. Check-in very smooth and staff helpful at all times. Rate was comparable with many others checked on-line. Didn't make breakfast due to business however, restaurant/bar areas (as with other communal areas) are very amenable.	
Oct 15 2008	Short Stay	We recently had a short stay at The Marroitt Regents Park and the stay was everything I wanted it to be.The Reception staff were very friendly and All members of the staff were happy to help and nothing seemed too much trouble.The room was spotless and the bed very comfortable.The food was freshly cooked and very hot. All in all it was a wonderful experience	
Oct 15 2008 	Good Marriott standard rooms - expensive parking	When you book a Marriott, you expect certain things:1 - Comfortable room with good bed etc.2 - Enough room (even in a city center hotel) not to feel claustrophobic in the room3 - Good restaurantThe Marriott Regents Park ticks all these boxes. I could go on about how nice the breakfast was and how stylish the rooms were, but, you do expect these from a Marriott.I would make the following comments to be of specific interest:1 - Location - Excellent. 5 minutes from Swiss Cottage Tube on the Jubilee Line. I was on Picadilly (via a direct train to Green Park) just 20 minutes after leaving the hotel).Also - just off the A41, so easy to drive north to the A1 and M1. We left the hotel and were on the M1 just by Brent Cross just 20 minutes later - fantastic. Therefore, if you want a hotel close to the city center and easy to drive to, then this is a perfect place.2 - Cost of Parking - expensiveI understand that Hotels in London charge for parking, but, 25GBP a night with no discount for residents of the hotel seems a little steep (hotels in central london charge less than this - albeit often just for hotel residents). This latter point would not stop me staying at the hotel again if it was necessary to stay in the St John's Wood vicinity and I wanted Marriott standard rooms and service. But, if I was simply looking for a well connected hotel simply to sleep the night with access to Central London, (i.e. anywhere as long as I could drive by car and pick up a tube to get to London), then I would probably stay elsewhere.	
Sep 8 2008	Not bad but a few suggestions	Clean hotel, located in St John's Wood/Regency Park areas of London (nice neighborhoods) and convieniently located near Swiss Cottage Tube Station making it fairly easy to get anywhere in London. Great free breakfast.Room was clean, minibar well stocked and the bed was SO AWESOMEly comfortable. But don't plan on sleeping late. My room was 5 floors up and a corner room on the &quot;quiet&quot; side of the hotel (opposite side of hotel from busy street). Yet, I was woke up every morning either by traffic noise (garbage trucks, emergency vehicles) or the sliding closet door of my next door neighbor. The walls must be paper thin in the place.Concierge(s) were real hit andmiss; some very friendly and helpful and some nearly clueless about what you were wanting to know about and with huge accents making comprehention all but impossile.The TV selection was BORING! Just a few channels for free and nonsense stuff on each one..	
Sep 2 2008 	Loved the hotel and will return	We stayed with our 2 years old daughter in this hotel at the end of August and we were fully satisfied.Staff was very helpful and comprehensive of the fact that our English is not fluent (we're French), especially the concierge who gave us all good information on the Swiss Cottage area.The location is great and very peaceful. To get to central London you can take the jubilee line or buses at Swiss Cottage station which is 5 minutes walk.Inside the hotel, the swimming pool is great for kids, I tried the sauna and steaming room too and have no negative point on it.The fitness room is well-equiped and not too crowded at night (it's open till 11:00PM).We had a Deluxe room with a Kingsize bed and didn't regret our choice, even if our daughter had to sleep with us. We had everything we needed in the room including iron, tea set and a mini-bar (that we used only to keep our daughter's milk cold ;-)The only questionable things were the TV which was a bit old (a flat screen would be better), but we were not there to watch it; and the elevators which I reckon are incredibly slow but hey, on holidays we can afford a 5 minutes wait!!!Anyway I recommend this hotel and will go back when in London.	
Sep 1 2008 	good and bad	I recently stayed 9 nights at the Marriott Regents Park. I have mixed feelings about the place. It is not exactly at Regents Park. The park is a 15-20 minutes walk which is rather pleasant if you go through the neighborhood and Primrose Hill park.The reviews here that mention the glacially slow elevators are dead on. This is especially a problem during breakfast time in the morning. It turns out there are some back stairways that are not well-marked if you don't mind climbing. Just ask the staff. Ask for a room on a lower floor.Our room was quite pleasant. They have clearly recently renovated the rooms. The bedding is very comfortable. The a/c is powerful. The tv is small with not the greatest picture quality, but I think that is par for the course in London. The room was a decent size. The bathroom was fine but it is odd that there is no exhaust fan. There was also an odd odor at times, but opening the window helped get some fresh air in.There is a busy road behind the hotel. If you are a very light sleeper that might be an issue. You may want to ask for a room on the front of the building which faces a quiet street.The Swiss Cottage tube stop on the Jubilee line is a short walk away. You can reach it by walking through the pleasant grounds of the community center/school across the street. Getting around by tube is quite easy.There are several good restaurants on the main street by the tube. Several Thai restaurants that were very good. There are a number of Indian places as well that looked good but we didn't get around to visiting them. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer food market and a little independent market nearby as well. There is a small internet shop that charges GBP 1 per hour on the strip near the Odeon movie theater.The hotel staff are generally quite nice, especially in the restaurant and the concierge desk.There was a bit of a mix up with our reservation but things were resolved quickly by the front desk staff.My biggest issue was the ridiculous fees. I suppose it is Marriott corporate policy. But $30 a day for internet access is beyond outrageous. And also do not use the phone in your room. Unless you have money to burn that is. We misread the chart in the info book. Rather than costing 99 pence per call for a local call it is 99 pence per minute! Our little 9 minute call to a friend cost US$23!!! That is highway robbery. And there can be no reason for it other than simple greed. Calls to mobile phones cost an unbelievable GBP 2.99 PER MINUTE! That is US$6. Marriott really should be ashamed of itself for stealing from its guests this way.We also knew some folks staying in the hotel at the same time who had their wallets stolen from their room while they were at breakfast. The computer records showed that three entries were made by housekeeping to their room during that time, but their room was not cleaned...just cleaned out apparently. There is a safe in the room. Use it.My roommate used the gym and found it to be good quality. People seemed to like the pool.Overall, we liked the location and the room was relatively comfortable. Breakfast was good enough, but for 9 days there wasn't much variety. London is a crazily expensive place. There is no way I would have paid $270 per night (taxes included) for a room of this caliber anywhere else in the world.	
Aug 28 2008 	Enjoyed the London Marriott Regents Park	We stayed a week in late August at the London Marriott Regents Park. The 3 of us had a lovely experience. Our son is a young adult; the hotel was able to give us a well-sized room for 3 people. The air-conditioning was fine. The bathroom was well-stocked with toiletries and towels, etc. We opted for the use of the Executive Lounge and that was well worth the cost! The breakfasts were way above average for a continental one; plenty of food choices. The staff was a pleasure to deal with. We arrived at 9:00 in the morning and within an hour, we were able to get into our room! Every bellhop went out of his way to help us. The concierge was always patient when explaining how to find various places.The location was nice. Swiss Cottage is a lovely, safe residential area. The trip to most sights was not that much longer than if we had stayed in central London and the Tube line - &quot;Jubilee&quot; - is clean and modern. We did notice that several times the elevator door did not open right away when it reached a floor. Our son enjoyed the pool, but he mentioned the water was a bit chilly sometimes.Overall, our experience was fine and we look forward to doing it again in the future.	
Aug 23 2008 	Shame we didnt get the chance....	After reading the reviews I finally settled on booking two rooms for two nights for my family to spend a long weekend down in London - that would be for me, my husband and twin 9 year old boys. I rang the Marriott's main reservation line and requested the two deluxe rooms with interconnecting doors at which point the helpful customer service lady asked me to hold whilst she was going to ring the Hotel's front desk requesting the interconnecting room numbers so that she could place it on the booking. Much to mine and her surprise she was told quite curtly that no interconnecting rooms at this hotel could be booked, and nor could they be guaranteed on the day of arrival! Needless to say I declined to go ahead with the booking which was a shame, as this hotel otherwise would have suited our needs admirably! I have since written to Marriott's Customer Services also to no avail receiving a very curt, impersonal reply that all rooms booked at the same time automatically are booked next to each other...which is about as helpful as a kick in the pants, as when I queried...&quot;sounds reasonable - but are they interconnecting though?...what happens if the boys need us in the middle of the night? - one has issues and may need assistance.....&quot; I'm still waiting on a reply....	
Aug 20 2008 	a lot of problems	For London this hotel is a good value. The Swiss Cottage train station is close by and it is an easy trip to the center of London. However, service at the hotel is simply the worst I have ever expereineced at a Marriott. Getting my room was very slow and the first night there a breaker went off, cutting all electricity to one side of my room. No TV, no computer connections, no coffee service. I tried all evening to get someone to fix the breaker. Despite a dozen conversations with reception, no one could be found to fix the problem. The next morning I finally found someone to flip the breaker back on. It took about a minute of effort. Two nights later I tried to call downstairs at 9 pm to ask for a wakeup call. No one answered the phone. I tried over and over. I finally dressed and went downstairs. There I found three people at reception with no customers. They were young and spending the evening entertaining one another. They were simply ignoring the phone. This hotel badly needs better supervision of its young staff. They could care less about about taking care of the customers.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great value with minor issues	We had a similar experience as others. Nice hotel, excellent location near Swiss Cottage tube stop, great value for London, very clean, esp lobby/restaurant. It was the little things that kept this from a better review. The elevators need to be re-programmed. The bellboys were way too aggressive about taking bags at check-in. Room availability took awhile (3PM on the dot, no earlier). The other issue was not the hotel's fault - many of the guests were large families with young children that were just left to run amok thu the hotel at all hours. Still, the local restuarants on Finchley road were tasty, and a walk thru St. John's Wood found a terrific pub on our pilgrimage to Abbey Road studios. I'd stay here again - the value and relative convenience without the hassle or cost of being right in London center was well worth it.	
Aug 7 2008 	Fantastic hotel in a nice part of London	This Marriott exceeded our expectations. The lobby was new and bright, and check-in was very easy. The room was very American-like in its size and decor. It had a comfy bed with great bedding, updated bathroom, and excellent air-conditioning. We felt pampered. The hotel is in a safe area and close to the Swiss Cottage underground station, which was not overcrowded at all. The underground was very easy to use and took just a small amount of time to get to the theater district. The hotel had a nice restaurant, but there was also McDonald's, Subway, and KFC very close to the underground station. One of the best treats of the hotel was the concierge. He was cheerful and a wealth of information. Our visit to London would have been difficult and much less interesting without him.	
Aug 6 2008	Some good some bad	The Marriott Regents Park was a mixed bag, in my opinion. The Good:- 5 minute walk to Swiss Cottage (Jubilee line) and 15-minute walk to Finchley Road (Metropolitan line). This was handy having 2 subway lines to access, as it made it easier to get around to different parts of London.- The neighborhood around the hotel is mostly residential, but there were tons of shops and stores on Finchley Road (Subway, McDonalds, ATMs, Waitrose, etc). We used these a lot as they were only about 5-10 minutes from the hotel.- The exercise club is very nice.- The pool is good for families and young children.- The 2 double-bed room we had was big enough to hold our 4 family members and our luggage for 5 nights.The Bad:- Service at this hotel was below my expectations of a Marriott. E.g. it took 2 days/2 requests to get a plugged sink in our room fixed.- The staff really wasn't that friendly, or didn't really go out of their way to help you.- This hotel has THE slowest elevators in the UK. Everybody commented on this during our stay, even the staff!- The breakfast options were expensive--Full breakfast buffet for an adult was 17 pounds, continental was 13, kids were 6. For our family of 4 that was 43 pounds (close to $90CDN)!!! Needless to say, we only did that on one morning.- This hotel has the in-room pants press, but does not have an iron.- The blow-dryer is not in the bathroom--rather it was glued to a drawer in the desk in the room.	
Aug 4 2008 	Very pleasant	I agreed with RomaLucy's review after staying from 19th to 26th in July with our 11yr old daughter (2 adults, 1 child).We arrived 1:15pm and was told that room be ready in about 1 hour and our luggages could be stored for safe keeping. We were offered a room with 1 King Size bed as booked / pre-paid via expedia.ca. The Front Desk person offered us to change to a room with 2 double beds if we found problem in sleeping arrangement. We did not take the offer but obtained a extra temporary bed instead.We did not realized breakfast was included and were glad to find out when we asked the Front Desk about cost of breakfast. The buffet breakfast is wonderful to start our day.Yes, the elevators were slow; we stayed at 2nd floor and could not find the staircase unless we use the fire-exit. Only 2 (out of 3) elevators would stop (on the way down) at 2nd floor and they were always full during morning tourist rush hours. On the 3rd day, we pushed both &quot;Up&quot; and &quot;Down&quot; buttons and got into the elevator (all 3) even if it were going up. This allow us to get downstairs without long wait.The housekeeping needed constant written reminder to give us 3 sets of towels after initial 2 days of calling housekeeping to bring us extra towel when we returned after a full day of sightseeing. I also left a note asking the housekeeper to change the coffee mug after 2 days (we did not rinse the mug after trying out one tea bag and left it on the tray). This is the only negative experience we had.All personels working at this hotel were very friendly and professional.Overall, this hotel offers very good value for family travel / vacation, its location is good, room size is similar to what North Americans expectation, and short walking distance to Underground (Swiss Cottage), or even taking bus to various tourist attractions.If we travel to London again, we will choose to stay at this hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	Ladies prepared to be seen naked!	Hotel overall was good, but a few items in the room required maintenance.I used the pool area twice during my stay and both times came out of the shower to get my towel, to be greeted by a man (different men each day). Neither of these male staff were in a great hurry to move and one would not move or look away while I walked past to collect my towel (I initially remained in the shower area for 5 minutes but he would not leave so I had to walk past him)I was informed by reception that this was something that did not happen at their hotel, although it happened to me twice in 2 days and neither occasion was there a note on the door to advise men may access the area or did either man shout to inform they were in the changing area.Be prepared to model your birthday suit ladies!	
Aug 3 2008 	Just up to Marriott Standards but wouldn't return...	I am a Marriott reward member and always try to book Marriott's when available. I frequently travel to London for weekends away, and this time decided to stay at Marriott Regents Park. I travelled with my partner, so was hoping for a relaxing but fun weekend and maybe a bit of romance! We booked tickets to see the car show at Excel and then see Kylie in Concert at the 02. We arrived Friday evening and left Sunday afternoon.Previously Marriott experiences have been very good in London, but we decided to try Regents Park as they had a decent deal of a 'Visa Olympics Package' which invovled breakfast for 2, a £100 voucher for a future weekend 2 night stay ( I have used one of these before, and it was a great deal!) and a free gift. I booked the hotel package 2 months in advance, and so far have always been lucky enough to get 'upgraded' to an executive room when I've stay at Marriott hotels, however on this occassion it was not done and i was slightly dissapointed. Our normal 'delux' room as they call them was very nice, spacious which can be unusual in London, very clean, had a nice little balcony which over looked the entrance, the normal AC, king size bed which was very very comfy and a clean (yet rather small) bathroom. Some hotel rooms can be kinda 'dark' (which for a woman, is a pain when u want to do your hair, makeup etc and your partner is in the bathroom!) but this was light and airy.The room was not very 'sound proof' and if you are a light sleeper, you may struggle with noise from people in the halls, etc. To be fair the hotel was fully booked, and there was a wedding party one night which caused a bit of extra noise late on the the hallways. Unfortunately, the hotel staff could not seem to cope with the hotel being fully booked - not enough staff to check us in or out , waiting 15 min in a queue to get breakfast at 10:15am (they say not to go during their peak hours of 9-10am so we went later!) and once seated, we noticed plenty of empty tables around us that they were slow to fill even with a queue! On a plus note, they had a man making balloon shapes for children in the restaurant over breakfast, which was a nice touch for the kids and something I have not seen a hotel do before!! The breakfast was very good thou, you didnt have to queue up at the breakfast bar once you finally got a table and there was always plenty there. Also their breakfast hours were 6-11am which was good for a weekend- allows a lie-in!  The worst thing about the hotel was the ELEVATORS! only three and you would wait ages on your floor to be taken downstairs. Everyone was complaining about it. Also although it looks nice in the photos, the pool and changing rooms were horrible. Very dirty, things broken/falling apart. In the female changing room, water was leaking from the sealing into a giant plastic container - directly over the hairdryers! I assumed they must be switched off - until I saw a young girl (only about 11 years old!) dry her hair using one! Not at all safe!!!!! The floor was covered in water missing the plastic container! I dont think this would pass a health and safety visit! During the week, the pool has adult only hours but NOT at weekends. My partner and I arrived back about 10 pm on Friday hoping for a relaxing swim in the pool, only to find it full of kids up to 11pm. Most were unsupervised, running around, screaming. The hotel assistant just ignored them. The pool was also freezing cold and didnt seem well cared for. We didnt use it again!On a plus note, the hotel is about a 2 minute walk from Swiss Cottage Tube station, and the neighbourhood is very nice and we felt safe walking late at night from the tube to the hotel. The Jubilee line allowed us direct access to the 02 arena and Excel (about 40 min journey) and also easy access (about 15 min) into town - Bond St, Victoria, etc.One guest we spoke to whilst waiting for an elevator told us that the hotel used to belong to Holiday Inn and was bought by Marriott. I'd say that it needs a lot of work to get up to the 'luxury 4* hotel' that it is advertised as... I'd say a 3 star, and not worth the £300 in total that I paid for my 2 night stay!!!!!!!!! We will not be returning!	
Aug 2 2008 	Ideal for families	We stayed here with our 2 daughters for 2 nights from July 30th-August 1st. Room 346 which had 2 double beds which cost £280 without breakfast through Marriott's own website. Hotel is only a 5 min walk from Swiss Cottage tube ( take exit for Avenue East out of tube station, turn left walk to traffic lights, left again and you will see Marriott ahead of you by another set of traffic lights, once you cross road entrance is to the right). This hotel is ideal for families, the pool can be used from 8am-8pm with children, but if you want peace and quiet adults have sole use between 6am-8am and 8pm-11pm. The changing facilites and the overall appearance of the pool, stairs to get from changing rooms etc is definately in need of refurbishment, missing ceiling tiles, rusty pipes in ceiling and the stairs from changing rooms to pool held down with duct tape!!! and dirty. The pool, sauna and steam room are actually quite clean but the other parts mentioned do detract from it. We didn't eat here so can't comment on breakfast etc. Rooms were clean spacious and well equipped, hairdryer, trouser press, iron and ironing board, toiletries in bathroom etc all you would expect, they seem to have been recently refurbished. Lifts were the slowest we've ever encountered and several people also commented on this, waiting more than 5 mins for a lift is OTT. Convenience for getting into London was great 2 stops from Baker St for Madame Tussauds, then change here for Leicester Sq which was only another 3-4 stops and you are in the middle of London. Overall a good hotel for families who want to visit London at a reasonable price.	
Jul 22 2008 	Glad I wasn't paying	My wife and I stayed here for one night mid-week, using a Hyatt voucher redemption.The hotel is a 1970's block just off Swiss Cottage, near-ish to Regents Park and handy for some nice parts of North London.Exterior and lobby were very typical Marriott - nice enough.Check-in was a bit slow. There were no rooms available with our bed preference, strange as my wife is a Hyatt Gold member. Anyway, we got to our room and it was quite nice - fairly newly renovated, and the bathroom was also pleasant. Didn't seem the housekeeping had finished their job though. It was a bit dusty, and the minibar was not re-stocked fully. Also, a previous guest had left some sort of cold meat (salami or bacon) in the mini-bar! That was really nice, huh?! We asked someone to remove it.The 'balcony' was like something out of a sink estate tower block.Very dirty and covered in pigeon droppings. Adjacent to our balcony was a very unpleasant 'black hole' containing rubbish and old newspapers. We shut the doors and went out.Had a good night's sleep, when we awoke the bill was put under our door. As well as our room service snacks (which were OK but took 45 mins to arrive), we had been charged for the stay, even though we were using a voucher. And the room rate was 325 pounds!!! Yes, you saw it right, 325!!! For a mediocre room in the back of beyond! All was sorted OK on checkout, however after seeing that room rate I was thankful that I was not footing the bill - if so I would have done some serious complaining.So a mixed bag in all, decor and rooms are OK internally, but housekeeping and balcony were sub-standard. And the rate is really taking the mickey, but I guess that's supply and demand for you.	
Jul 5 2008 	Absolutely wonderful!	My husband and I, along with our 2 teenage daughters, just spent 6 nights in a Family Room at the London Marriott Regents Park. We had an absolutely wonderful stay there. It's close proximity to the Swiss Cottage Tube made travelling anywhere in the city very easy. There were also stores nearby the tube that we frequently used: eg. Subway, KFC, McDonalds, a drug store, a Marks and SPencer food store. The location could not have been better.Check in by a gentleman named Sanford was without incident. He was especially nice as well as were all other staff we met throughout our stay. The complimentary breakfast was just fabulous. Hot and cold. Plus a chef was there to make your own special omelet or waffle if you wished.The beds were very comfy. There were 2 large queen sized beds in our room. Computer access was available in our room even tho it came with a hefty cost....75 pounds for one week. The internet also was down for about a day and a half, but there was no problem getting a 25 pound credit for that when we checked out. I wouldn't hesitate to use the Marriott again if I went to London, which I shall surely do in the future.	
Jun 28 2008 	Good value Good location Good Stay	This hotel is in a good location, though 15 minutes walk to Regents Park. It is not in heart of London but this is relfected in its competitive prices. It is close to Swiss Cottage tube and therefore all that London has to offer is within easy reach. It is also outside the Congestion Charging Zone.Most staff were very helpful,although the check-in clerk and concierge didn't know the answer to our questions (parking and kids dining) and were unwilling to find out. This is not acceptable in a Marriott. The rooms were of a good standard and clean, although we requested a fridge and this never appeared.The pool was nice although not very big, and the access and changing rooms are badly in need of refurbishment. Also the bedrooms on the back of the hotel are on a busy road and the traffic noise meant we had to change rooms - our second room was quiet, although as it was only on the 2nd floor it did suffer with disco music from the funcation room below one night. Breakfast was of good quality and excellent selection. Didn't eat in the restaurant for dinner although the children's meals delivered via room service were good value and apart from the spaghetti dish, were of good quality. There was a lift issue during our stay and it took a while to find the stairs! This would also have been more of a problem if we were on floor 6 or 7 or of limited mobility. Parking is quite limited in the hotel although some weekend parking is available on the local streets.	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantastic hotel - really enjoyed my stay!	I stayed at the London Regents Park Marriott on a recent business trip and found the hotel superb from arrival at reception through to departure.I ate in the restaurant and I also tried the in room dining - both were of an excellent standard. Room was really nice too, modern decor and immaculately clean throughout.Location perfect, really close to Swiss Cottage tube station and they have parking too just out of the conjestion charge!I will definately stay again at this hotel.	
Jun 23 2008 	Not really Regents Park.....	We stayed at this hotel to attend an event in Regents Park.The main complaint I would have is that this hotel is nowhere near anything (including regents park), it is basically in a very residential area with very limited taxis....However ignoring the location the hotel was OK... it could be any other Marriott anywhere in the world. The bed was comfy, the room was average size (for London), the buffet breakfast was fairly well catered for...Overall, a good hotel if you do not want to be near any of Londons major attractions	
Jun 13 2008 	A Very Good Stay..	This was our first trip to London and the location of this hotel was very important. This Marriott is on the outskirts of London, 10 mins. The tube station is Swiss Cottage that is only a 5 min walk away. When we arrived on the first day, we were able to get our room at 8am! This has never happened to us, being from the US...we arrived early from Gatwick, got to the hotel before 8am, thinking we would just leave our bags at the hotel and return later to check-in, but they had our room ready which was so great because I was so sick from my flight from NY. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and courteous in our experience.The area is very nice...quiet and has a shopping area, right across the street from the tube; has groceries stores and restaurants. The only complaint was the aroma in the lobby that was kinda musty! They need to change the scent that is circulating...try a more floral smell instead.Getting into central London is only mins away...the train system in London is commended for their promptness! Every 3 mins or less, a train is arriving. It never took long to get to the all the tourist places in central London...being from NY, wish our train system was like theirs! The only thing that was not good was it was a bit warm on the trains...no A/C. It was nice traveling with the Brits. Their TV shows is another story...boring! We spent 5 days in London, then took the Eurostar to Paris which was a nice ride (2.5 hrs)...very easy connection. The Pancreas Station is a wonderful and beautiful station and terminal. The train takes you into central Paris...then take the local train to your destination.The price we paid was about $220 per night which was a bit steep but the accomodation were very good. Overall, the Marriott did well for our first trip to London...we give it high marks!	
Jun 2 2008 	Lovely Hotel Great location	Date = Bank holiday weekend May 24th - May 26thAges = 38,38,12 and 12We booked a family room for The wife, daughter, daughters friend and Myself. We got a great deal for 2 nights (Saturday and Sunday) of the Marriot website. We arrived in London at about 9:30am and didn`t want to waste a day. So i went to the reception and asked if it was ok to leave my car in the underground car park and come back later to check in. The man said i can do better than that, how would you like to check in now so that you can then return when you like. What a nice thing to do i thought. Thanks for that.The Room.This was larger than the normal London type hotel room. A kingsize bed and a queen size for the girls to share. Tv with the normal 1 to 5 plus sky sports, bbc news and cbbc. Mini bar (didn`t use it as with every hotel it was expensive). As usual though the mini-bar is electronically tagged so if you pick any of the bottles up, then it registers with reception and obviously they seem to think that you have purchased the item.The wardrobe was larger than normal with more hangers than normal. The wardrobe also lights up when you move one of the hangers. Nice bathroom with the usual freebies and plenty of towels. Shower in the bath was powerful. Also a large mirror with lights. We had patio windows on the 1st floor which has a mini balcony to walk out on but, don`t get too excited as it is as i say mini just enough room to walk out on and the view was the short stay car park. On Sunday we opened the door to find we had the Sunday Times left outside the door (free) although the thought was nice it`s not really my cup of tea. Talking of which, whilst relaxing after a long day walking on Saturday, Our door was knocked just as we were about to leave. It was a maid who was asking if we would like anymore bathroom freebies or coffee/tea. I thought that made a nice change. Tea/coffee facilities are available in the room.The PoolThe hotel pool although only 1.2 metres deep at the deep end was lovely and warm. The shallow end starts with steps until you reach the pool floor. The shallow end is about 8 inches deep. Obviously this gets deeper the closer you get to the deep end. Under 15`s have to be accompanied by an adult and you get a free towel to use per person. Didn`t try the steam room or the sauna around the pool edge. If adults don`t want to swim they can lounge on the cushioned sunbeds at the deep end (about 6 of them).The Hotel LobbyPlenty of room to sit and also a glass walled room where 2 people can use the internet (for a charge of course). The hotel has 3 lifts and you wont be happy using these..! They are very slow and take an awful long time to arrive. We waited 20mins the one time to come down. You`re better off going up with the lift as far as the 7th floor and then come all the way down again. If you don`t ,then the lift might be too full when it gets to your floor. This is because of all the waiting that all the other floors have had too. I can hear you saying why didn`t you use the stairs if you were only on the 1st floor. Ah.... well i asked a bellboy who was waiting with us for a lift to arrive this question. He claimed that the only stairs is the fire escape and they don`t lead to the lobby..!BreakfastThis is awesome. You can have as much as you like. There is orange juice, 6 different cereals with 2 type of milk to choose from. Toast and jam plus other different pastries. Then there is the help your self buffet english breakfast..... Streaky or non streaky bacon, sausage, beans, mushrooms, black pudding, hash browns, tomato, scrambled eggs. If you would live a fried egg as i do or an omelette, then there is a live cooking station and the chef cooks you what you like. You can order an omelette and choose what goes into it. ie ham, onion, bacon, cheese etc.The BarWe didn`t eat there but we did pull up a stool and have a drink whilst the kids used the internet room. Plenty of draught beers to choose from and a very nice peaceful atmosphere.  The areaThere are shops and banks with ATM`s by Swiss Cottage underground Station.The hotel is in a quiet residential area and about 300yards from Swiss Cottage underground station. We walked into the station on Saturday morning and asked for a travelcard for unlimeted use of the underground/buses. For the 4 of us this came to about £12.50 or so for the full day. Whilst there i purchased the same type of ticket for the Sunday too. This we found to be brilliant.The underground line is the Jubille line which goes straight to Westminster and that station is right outside Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament/Big Ben and a short walk away from The London Eye, Horse Guards and Downing Street. It takes only 12 mins to get here from Swiss Cottage and the tubes run every 3mins. The stop before Westminster is Green Park which is used for Buckingham Palace where we saw the changing of the guard. The stop before this was Bond Street and at this station you can change for Oxford Street shopping (only one station away). If you stayed on the Jubilee line tube and continued on the line past Westminster then you come to London Bridge. It takes 18 mins to get here on the tube from Swiss Cottage and you get off here for The London Dungeon, Tower Bridge and the Tower of London.We used the tube for Madame Tussauds which is the Baker Street stop and only 2 or 3 stops from Swiss Cottage. Cheap and fast way to travel or what.?All in all this was a great hotel in a great location. I find that the best way to find out if a hotel is worth going to is to ask myself would i go again. The answer is d efinately and i would look for availability at this hotel before considering anyother. I have put as much info into this review to give what i hope will help you.	
Jun 2 2008 	I loved my stay!	Had great stay at the Regents Park Marriott on Saturyday! The staff was very friendly and I really loved their bed! The hotel is only 3 stops away from Bond Street which made our shopping trip really easy :)	
May 31 2008 	An all round excellent hotel.	We have just returned from an overnight stay at the London Marriott Regents Park. The hotel was fantastic and offers incredible service. The decor of all public areas and our bedroom was amazing. The hotel has just recently gone through a refurbishment and it really looks the part. The hotel is situated in a great location, just a few stops from Bond Street on the Jubilee line; and it is just outside of the Congestion Charging zone so ideal if you are driving.We stayed in one of the executive rooms. It was one of the more spacious rooms we have stayed in whilst in London; and it was 'very' clean! We dined in the hotels new French restaurant 'Central Brassiere'. A truly amazing dinner experience! The restaurant is very new and has got a great display of fine wines. We would highly recommend the King Prawns as a starter! Service in the restaurant was very attentive and personal. The restaurant is designed so that you can be seated in a private booth or in the middle of all the action!The hotel also offers an attractive bar, where we also met some famous cricket players!!!Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have stayed in when visiting and shopping in Central London; and would definitely recommend it to anybody looking to stay in the Capital.	
May 30 2008 	must go to this hotel!!!!!	where to start?we arrived at around half 1 in the afternoon and we were shown straight to our room. ever one we passed and came into contact with were so friendly and so eager to help you. the rooms where spotless and beautiful, very spacious and comfy, especially the beds. We ate in the restaurant and whoever goes there MUST try the chocolate mousse, its the most amazing thing i have ever tasted!! how ever the food was a little slow to get to us but they were more than happy to apologise. Over all the restaurant and bar are very comfy and i felt like i could sit there all night without having to worry about trying to catch anyones attention as they were so happy to help and did not choose to ignore you like so many other places. Another thing that is great about this hotel is that it is so easy to access every where, it is so close to the station.	
May 29 2008 	Excellent Hotel	we stayed at the Marriott Regents Park in May 08. A very friendly and welcoming hotel with the staff keen to please. The bedroom was very clean and the bed very comfortable. There is a great bar and a smart but relaxed newly refurbished restaurant - food was great and excellent service. We found it really handy to get into the West End for a show and restaurants also - swiss Cottage tube is only a few minutes walk away or pretty quick by cab. Really good value for money and ideal for London sightseeing.Mark, Edinburgh	
May 28 2008 	Not up to Marriott's usual standard Nice beds	The Marriott London Regents Park was a little bit of a disappointment. It wasn't terrible in any way, just not as nice as Marriotts we have used in the USA and London (Marriott London Park Place is much better).The rooms are fairly nice and the beds are very comfortable and overall the hotel was pretty quiet although not soundproofed by any means. We could hear traffic and doors slamming in the hallway, etc.There were a couple of issues. The worst was when a hotel-wide fire alarm rang out VERY loudly at 2am for about 30 seconds, waking us and my elderly parents in the next room (and presumably everyone in the hotel and possibly in the neighborhood!) We were disoriented and freaked out. It took about a hour to fall back asleep and we already were jet-lagged having just arrived a few hours before from Los Angeles. There was no fire, it was an error or some sort. Anyway, this sort of thing is random and likely won't happen when you're staying there (I hope!) I do feel that they should have handled it better and maybe comped breakfast for everyone or taken $20 off or something. It was a pretty big upset.The service here was not that great and the bar/restaurant service was very bad. People all around us were canceling their orders due to the food taking so long, etc.The location is pretty close to a Tube station (Swiss Cottage) but obviously not central to the sights. There are a couple restaurants in walking distance and an M&amp;S Simply Food and a couple shops in 5 minutes walk.Overall, I would consider staying here again if it were quite a bit cheaper than other similar options. We paid about $220/night per room in US dollars with all taxes and fees. Internet in the room or lobby is not free (in fact it is very expensive). I would consider a stay here again for $150/night I think.	
May 27 2008	A great stay (mostly)	Stayed 2 nights on a Priceline bid. Arrived at 1:30 pm and room wasn't ready, the desk said to come back at 3:00 pm. Went to the bar and had a drink and waited along with many others who were also waiting for their rooms. At 3:00 went back to desk. Room still not ready (the Priceline curse of worst room, worst service?) but this desk clerk finally told me he was placing me in an upgraded room on the 6th Floor (minus the executive suite access). It was nice room, regular Marriott amenities, good bed, and a small balcony. Somewhat loud at night considering it was the sixth floor. Traffic noise was constant all night. I liked the Swiss Cottage area, and it was easy to get around, walking or using the tube and busses. Used the free wifi internet at McDonald's on Finchley Rd rather than pay the 15 pounds the Marriott wanted. Also shopped at the Marks and Spencer Food Store just across from the tube stop, much less expensive than the hotel's restaurant. Stored my food in my room's mini fridge. A highlight of the stay for me was watching a play at Hampstead Theatre which is adjacent to the Swiss Cottage tube stop. Saw an amazing play with a great seat, &quot;Stockholm&quot; for 20 pounds. Bought a wonderful fresh-made crepe from the little French cheese stand at the entrance to the theatre and 2 fantastic cookies from the bakery stand next to it, then enjoyed my picnic dinner on the deck of the theatre overlooking the community park and fountain. Inexpensive alternative to the traditional West End evenings out, and all within a 5 minute walk of the hotel. Theatre bar also served sandwiches and drinks.Rode the bus to Warwick Street and caught the London Waterbus canal tour boat to Camden Locks. That was fun, 50 minute boat ride, and only 6 pounds 50. Easy bus ride back to the hotel. My only meal in the cafe at the hotel was not that good, and service was slow, the servers inattentive, and the bill added wrong. Checked out very early (5:30 am) for flight from Heathrow. Bill was totally wrong as I was a Priceline customer so I was prepaid, and there was someone else's rather large bar tab on the bill that I refused to pay. With no tube service available that early on a Sunday, I booked my ride to Heathrow with Swiss Cottage cars, less than 30 pounds, a very good deal, I think. Driver was right on time, will definitely use their service again. Overall, I really liked the hotel room, the amenities and the location. The staff were the weak link of the stay.	
May 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We a family of 4 have just returned from a weekend at the London Marriott hotel Regents park . The hotel is excellent and in all the hotels we have stayed in both Ireland &amp; England we have never experienced such incrediable service and value for money. Would have no problem recommending this hotel to others and will definately return ourselves. The reception staff and concierge were very friendly and were only too glad to help in everyway. The pool was small, not hugh but adequate for us.Very convenient to London Zoo or travelling around London city as the tube station (Swiss Cottage) is only a short walk away on the Jubilee line which links all parts of London. Food excellent and breakfast brillant, more than enough to eat.	
May 5 2008 	Fab hotel	My husband and I staid here for a long weekend break with our 2 children using our tesco vouchers. We had a wonderful time and were very impressed with the hotel even though there were reefurbishments taking place.Our room on the second floor was huge and very clean, the bed was very comfy and there was ample space for the four of us. The bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and re stocked every day even with mouthwash!The breakfast was very nice with a wide selection of hot and cold dishes and pancakes and waffles were made fresh in front of you. We did not have to wait long for a table even at the weekend, and we breakfasted at about 9 ish. The swimming pool was a huge hit with our children and open quite late. The hotel is situated very near Swiss Cottage Tube Station, on the jubilee line so only took about 10mins into central london.The only negative comment about the hotel was the lifts were very slow and the only walking downstairs was using a fire escape and walking through a kitchen area. This may resolve with the refurbishment programme.Would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great beds	Very nice clean room, and a good size. The room is also very quiet. A nice pool, except the changing rooms are far away from the pool and you get quite cold on the walk to the pool (so bring a towel to wrap around you for the walk). The breakfast was very nice but very expensive. It is a 3 minute walk from Swiss Cottage tube station. For someone who likes walking to their room it is not good because there are no public stairs; you have to use the lift. The room was a good size (for London). It is not very central but London's public transport is very fast so it doesn't really matter.	
Mar 17 2008 	Reasonable for the right price	I got a great deal on this place via Priceline. I definitely would not pay normal rates to stay here, especially with the weakness of the US dollar. But I would stay there again if I can get it for the same price via Priceline.The Zone 2 Tube stop is 2-3 blocks away, so it's a reasonable place to stay for tourists. The Tube itself is quite fast and efficient. There is a small market between the tube station and the hotel. A larger supermarket is within walking distance (5 blocks?)The hotel feels a bit dated for a Marriott, and the inner views aren't great. But the room is nice and clean and we didn't have any noise issues.Oh, and despite the name, it's no where near Regents Park.	
Mar 4 2008	Sleep deprived at the Marriott	Don't stay here if you like to sleep. They allow music to blast out of the banquet hall on the ground floor, and then their suppliers pack up their lorries outside your window until after 1 a.m.. Then the delivery trucks start to arrive again at 6 a.m.. The duty manager didn't seem to care, apparently the hotel guests aren't as important as the drunk party-goers.	
Feb 9 2008 	Decent Hotel with Fair rates (for London)	This hotel is a good place to stay for a reasonable price, as long as you are willing to take public transportation to get around. The Regent's Park area is far from the city center. The Swiss Cottage Tube stop is a 5 minute walk from the hotel and there are several bus lines around the area as well (#82, #13). I paid 118 pounds for a week day room (about $240), which for London on business travel is a good deal. The hotel looks dated from the outside and is undergoing renovations and the rooms are updated. It's in a suburban like setting, although close enough to major roads to hear the traffic at night. Although the name suggests it is close to Regent's Park, it is not. However there is a large park a few minutes away, with a great view of the city. Take time to go for a walk. The room was clean, bed comfortable, bathroom a typical old Marriott small bathroom. Good shower. Tea pot in the room (no coffee pot but that's typical of UK). The rooms were noisy in the morning due to the banging doors. Other than that, the rooms were quiet save for some traffic noise that is to be expected in a large city. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The Concierge staff went out of the way to help me with directions. Since I stayed there for a week, I was constantly asking for their help. The food in the hotel is expensive and few were eating there. Within walking distance at night there are few restaurants. (Stay away from the Swiss Cottage unless all you want is a beer.) But there are several trendy restaurants on the other side of the park.The pool was warm enough but more geared towards kids with the beach type entrance, which made swimming laps difficult. Changing rooms are a chilly walk to the pool. There is a steam room and sauna, as well as what looked like an excellent work out facility. I can recommend this hotel if you want a basic, safe, clean place to stay.	
Jan 30 2008 	Avoid the restaurant / food	The hotel is nowhere near Regents Pk (why do hotel chains do this?) &amp; was in the middle of renovation work so the restaurant wasn't open &amp; we had to eat in the cafe area. Wish they'd told us when we booked. The restaurant service &amp; food were seriously awful (warm mineral water, inedibly greasy pasta, soggy/greasy salad, soggy pastry, etc) and other diners were unhappy too. Staff were very nice but inept, we waited 1/2 hour to be served then another 1/2 hour for food, the water &amp; wine arrived after our first course. Nothing was done when I didn't eat my meal &amp; told them why, they just apologised &amp; smiled.... However, the room (deluxe) was lovely, comfortable &amp; very quiet, breakfast was excellent &amp; staff very friendly. We would stay again but definitely not eat there.	
Jan 29 2008	loved this place	I wasn't sure of this location but it proved to be very close to the tube &amp; a short walk to Camden market. I was upgraded to a 7th floor room with a king &amp; a solarium type window that was very comfortable, spacious and a awesome deal for the money considering I booked it on priceline for 117 us.The only problem was the internet was very expensive &amp; only available for 24 hr blocks. Very helpfull attentive staff that went out of their way. A few good Indian places near by and a decent pub.	
Jan 28 2008	loud and dated	The room was very nice, but outside the room was dated. The hotel is evidently going through a major renovation ending sometime next year.Also, the room was very loud. I could hear traffic all night long and I was on the 5th floor.	
Jan 19 2008 	Good hotel for LON	I stayed there while attending a conference. Although the hotel is under renovation, it's very good place to stay at for London. While it is not ideally located on the Jubille line, it's in fact very calm and pleasant area. Rooms are very clean and new, still smell like new carpet. Bed was probably the best one I've ever slept in for a hotel. Did not need earplugs, hotel was silent enough. Comfort of the room was ideal.	
Jan 17 2008 	Superb hotel clean friendly well positioned recommended!	My family and I were staying in London for a weekend, and chose to stay at the Marriot Hotel Regents Park. We booked a family room for 4 people.Swiss Cottage is the nearest Underground station, and the hotel is about 300 yards from there, although it means crossing a busy road.The hotel itself is very well presented and cared for. The reception is large and impressively decorated - standard Marriot - and the checkin staff were friendly and very efficient.The room itself was fabulous - two large double beds, table and chairs, a lovely big clean bathroom, and double doors that opened on to our own balcony! We could easily see St.Pauls, the London Eye, the Gherkin (!) and the BT Tower from it. If we had one criticism of the room, it was that the television was rather small, especially when compared to other Marriots I have stayed at.We made use of the swimming pool attached to the hotel, which was a little disappointing. The changing rooms were good, but you have to walk about 50 yards from them to the pool, along cold corridors - not much fun when you are coming back. The pool itself is very good for small children, as it is only about 6 inches deep at one end. There was also a very good sauna and steam room.We were going to eatin the hotel restaurant, but were horrified at the prices - to feed four of us would have cost almost as much as the hotel room! In the end we walked back into Camden (approx 500 yards) and found various cafes and take aways. Much better value!Breakfast the next day was included in the price, and consisted of a fabulous buffet - cereals, fruit, cakes, meats and bread - as well as a cooked breakfast.Checkout was fast and efficient, and no problems with the bill ;)On the whole this was a terrific hotel, really enjoyable. If Marriot could only sort out the ridiculous prices they charge for food in their bars and restaurants, it would be perfect.	
Dec 15 2007 	Not as inconvenient as it looks	I was a bit ticked to get this via Priceline, as it looked to be quite far from anything, and longish walk to the Tube. However, I was pleasantly surprised by my stay, and for what I paid ($130 a night, incl. tax), very happy.Despite the name, the hotel is of course not remotely close to Regent's Park, but once you get past that, it's in quite a good spot. The bus right outside the hotel goes straight to Camden Market, giving you lots of shopping/dining opportunities. And the Tube isn't really that far -- more like 3 minutes walk, it's just sort of confusing to find it the first time. (Hint: Take the &quot;Avenue&quot; exit from the Swiss Cottage stop, then, with the actual Swiss Cottage pub facing you, turn left and walk to the corner, then turn left again and you'll see the Marriott sign a block or so in front of you.) And while Swiss Cottage seemed a bit far out on the Tube map, the frequent and fast service meant it never took me longer than 15-20 minutes to get anywhere in central London. Another less obvious bonus of the location is the Swiss Cottage Library and Leisure Centre (the massive complex w/ the rock climbing wall), which is halfway between the Tube and the hotel. There's a great casual restaurant there for breakfast and lunch, far cheaper than the hotel, and you can get up to 1 hour free Internet access a day at the library (just go up to the 2nd floor Learning Centre and sign in).The hotel itself is fine -- standard 4-star chain hotel, comfortable beds, electric tea kettle, etc. Service is a bit erratic, as it usually is in this kind of place -- I wouldn't bother asking the &quot;concierge&quot; for anything -- but not in a way that's really going to faze you if you travel a lot.	
Nov 10 2007 	An excellent experience	I spent two nights at this hotel in Nov 07. I thought the hotel was excellent.The room was of a good size with two double beds contained within it.The bed was extremely comfortable with very clean and crisp linen.I only had one slight problem, and that was with the TV that seemed to have a mind of its own from time to time.The staff in the hotel were very welcoming and knowledgeable.The food in the restaurant was very good, although the hash browns were a little chewy.I used the high speed wireless internet connection which was adequately fast, although £15 for 24 hours, a little expensive. Isn't it about time hotels offered this service as part of your stay with them, instead of further cashing in on business users??For a stay in London, the hotel is a little too far out of the city centre, but with only a 5 min walk to Swiss Cottage Tube station you are about 10-15mins tube ride away.Primrose Hill is about a 5 min stroll away from the hotel and is a great walk and a rewarding view once you get there.I would recommend the hotel and have no doubts about staying again.	
Nov 7 2007 	OK Facility; Inconvenient Location	Enjoyed a good size king room in October 2007. Although it has been a while since the room had been renovated, the furnishing and equipment were still in good condition. The bath was a little on the small size but was acceptable. The front desk was always busy. The clerks were plesant but not very efficient and the computer system was frequently &quot;down&quot;The concierage was absolutely magnificant. Extremely helpful and cheerful.The quality of the food in the resturant was good although they frequently ran out of items. Service was slow and highly inefficient.The hotel is located about a mile northwest of Regents Park. It is just a five minute walk to the Swiss Cottage stop on the Jubilee underground line with door to door trips to central London taking about 45 minutes. Taxi fares to central London ran between 16 and 19 GBP.I would consider staying here on a return trip but would first explore other hotels closer to central London.	
Oct 30 2007 	Nice stay	Stayed three nights using points. Nice room with good beds. New bathroom, crisp white linens, and mini fridge. Great location as Swiss Cottage station is around the corner and is easy to get everywhere. Only complaint was the room was very stuffy even with the A/C on. Actually I don't think the A/C was working, but I've never stayed in a hotel in the UK where the A/C actually cooled, so this was no different. It was Oct. so we were able to open the sliding door to the tiny balcony to get some fresh air. There is no room for furniture on the balcony but you can stand on it. There is a good indoor pool, sauna, and steam room. Check in was easy and they even allowed us into the room early. Only ate at the hotel for breakfast one day and they ran out of eggs at 9:15am. They have one computer in the lobby for guest use and a 45 minute internet card was 7 GBP. There was always a line to use it however. Some good restaurants in Primrose Hill which is about a 10 minute walk. Benihana was good and around the corner from the hotel, but very expensive. Regular courses are between 23-36 GBP. We got the seven course deal for 16.50 GBP which was the cheapest thing but good. Maybe it just seemed expensive as the USD is so weak there now. All in all a nice safe place to stay as long as you're okay with being a little north of the main city.	
Sep 23 2007 	Marriott Regent's Park	We spend 3 nights at the Marriott Regent Park in London at the end of our England trip. It was kind of nice to be in an upscale hotel after a week of traveling. The Marriott Regent Park is located on a busy road in London's Zone Two in a residential neighborhood. We had a room facing the road and there was some road noise. It was very easy and quick to get to the central London tourist spots via the underground. The hotel is a 7-minute walk from the Swiss Cottage Tube Station. The interior of the hotel has just recently been totally renovated. Our room was very pretty, bed was comfortable, and the hotel was exceptionally clean. There is a swimming pool and a well-equipped gym located in the hotel. There was a computer in the lobby where you could get into your airline web site to check in for your return flight. In my experience this is usually a complementary service at most hotels. My only grip was that the computer let you get into the website and start your check-in and than before you finished you had to put your credit card information and pay 3 pounds. If the hotel is going to charge for this service, it needs to be more upfront and require your credit card information prior to getting on the airlines website. We did enjoy our stay at this hotel and even slept in a couple of mornings.	
Sep 16 2007	Excellent American Style Hotel in London	I had an excellent stay at the Marriott Regents Park. The room was spacious compared to other European hotels. A short work to the underground (multiple restaurants) and a 24 market. The staff was always helpful. One weird thing was they did not provide conditioner in the room (had to ask for it). The internet costs was prohibitive (15 pounds). I read other reviews and ask for the quiet side of the hotel (it was very quiet). I prefer staying out of the downtown area. We took the direct train to Westminister (20 minutes). We are on a barge overlooking the review. Also, the hop on and off bus included a free cruise to Greenwich (scenic 8 mile tour of river). Primrose Hill is a short walk. It not close to Regents Park, take the underground. The bus on the corner to us to Camden market in 5 minutes (best shopping in london - 3rd highly visited tourist site). I did not eat in the hotel because the nearby restaurants were half the price and good. We also enjoyed the free pool and sauna at night.	
Sep 13 2007 	Excellent Service	Loved this place! The meal in their restaurant was the best we tasted in our entire stay in London. Very delicious and the service was excellent. The bed and pillows in the room were very comfortable and everything was very well provided. It is close to the Swiss Cottage Tube Station so getting around is very easy.The cost was a bit pricey with the currency conversion from pounds to dollars but it was well worth it. I would stay here again the next time I am in London.	
Sep 7 2007 	Not a good Choice	Our family made the wrong choice by staying at this Hotel. It's very noisy as it's facing the street where you can hear the traffic. Especially the noise from noisy diesel engine london black Taxi's running up and down the street to and from the hotel all night long till early hours in the morning.	
Sep 4 2007 	4 Star Comfort-Priceline Value	Wow ! What a value. We paid $535 for two rooms for two nights via Priceline in August. Marriott recognized my Platinum status and gave us two rooms on the Executive floor.Comfy beds, attractive lobby. Check-in was lengthy, why ?Could be the trainee's referred to on an earlier post.Hotel is less than 5 minutes walk from a tube station.It is a little out of town (10-15 minutes from Bond st /Victoria Station via tube).However, we received excellent treatment and value.	
Sep 2 2007 	dont stay here!!!	My Family and i stayed here for one night and it was awful , after checking in we went up to our room and it had not be cleaned from the last person ,the ashtray was full of cigarette ends, and the room smelt horrible,we were told when we checked in there were no other family rooms, only smoking, when we complain about our room they changed us to a no smoking room ,but it was right on the road side ,which for a famliy room was a bit silly. so after a sleepless night,we went down to breakfast to a buffet style there was no fruit on offer for my daughter,we had the english breakfast which was just warm, and the toaster (which there was only one)took forever so we gave up on that idea. overall i would give this hotel a miss 0/10.	
Aug 31 2007 	Expected much more !!	This was our third stay at this hotel. We decided to go although there was a soft refurbishing going on as I expected they would eventually have fixed all the minor faults I had noticed the last time I was there.  After two very long check- ins (first time room was not ready so we had to go thru check in again) we were given a ‘newly refurbished luxury’ room but:1 the room was half the size of the ‘old’ rooms with very low ceiling;2 wall to wall carpeting had just been laid but not secured so corners were falling down;3 TV set went on mysteriously during the night;4 called housekeeping for an extra suitcase rack but nobody answered; called front desk and after a long wait we were told they had none available and suggested we place the suitcases on the floor!5 Handle on window was kept in place with duct tape and there was no way of securing the window so it was unlocked all the time;6 Part of the latch on the door was missing thus door was locked only with double lock 7 The drain in the tub didn’t work and the shower hose leaked spraying water all over the tiny bathroom!Went down and asked to talk to manager (blond men with crew cut) and reported all the above; he was very abrupt if not rude and said he would send crew following morning at eight (!!) Never seen anybody in the days we were there and shower was always a problem.Breakfast was OK although breakfast room quite crowded over the weekendI have to say to be correct that our room was kept clean, had good mattresses and good pillow selection. Very good location, it could be a very nice hotel if not for the very poor maintenance and useless housekeeping! Doesn’t really look refurbished, more like they just painted it white and downsized the rooms!! If you do not mind size of room and could care less about details it’s OK	
Aug 25 2007	Great family hotel	This recently refurbished hotel was great for our family of 5. Although many consider it outside of the city center, it is very easy to get to anywhere from Swiss Cottage tube station which is right around the corner. The room cleaning was a little bit lame, as they kept leaving items in our room such as cleaning clothes and other cleaning items. We got a great rate for a London hotel direct from the Marriott web page, which included breakfast. Breakfast was always busy (especially if you arrive late) but there was always plenty of food and the service was good too. We stayed for 9 nights, there are no washing machine facilites in the hotel, so this can be inconvenient for people who are staying for a long trip. We did not see any nearby and the hotel charges for washing were very expensive around $10 for a pair of socks! I see a lot of people complaining about additional charges but our bill came to exactly the same amount quoted from the internet.	
Aug 25 2007 	So nice!!	We stayed here from the 16th through the 22nd. They had just remodeled the hotel so we got the most wonderful room on the 5th floor. It was very, very nice and clean. All the rooms have little balconies and air condition. The only thing that bothered us was that in the restaurants, the staff wasn't very friendly, it was very expensive and it took awhile to get our food. Just breakfast was $80 for me, my husband and daughter. It was a little cheaper to order room service than to go downstairs. There was a breakfast buffet every morning with all kinds of stuff on it. So it was great to get a good meal in before heading out for the day. Theres nothing really close by so we ended up eating at least once a day in the restaurant because it was so much easier. We went to Wagamama a couple of nights and if you love noodles, you will love it! Everything is unbelievably expensive everywhere, but this place is not too bad and really worth it. We really loved this hotel because it was sort of out of the busy hustle and quiet. The Swiss Cottage Tube is right around the corner also. If we go back we would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 25 2007	Really Nice Hotel	Really what you would expect from a Marriott - large clean and comfortable rooms and lovely retaurant and bar area.The staff were really accommodating and the food in the restaurant was great and very reasonably priced. We ate from the 3 course menu which was £25 and included a glass of wine (always a great selling point!!)The bedrooms have just been refurbished and are really modern and airy - the only one thing I would suggest is to provide propoer haidryers in the rooms! The beds live up to the Marriott standard - they are so comfy that you never want to get out of them!!!Locationwise it's great too- only a couple of stops on the tube to Bond Street and a twenty minute walk to Camden!So a big thumbs up for this hotel - will definately be returning!	
Aug 16 2007	A good experience	Stayed here for 1 night in Aug 2007. Had an excellent room on the second floor in a quiet part of the hotel which had an extremely comfortable bed, good sitting area, functioning air con and an excellent bathroom. Breakfast was one of the best expreienced in a hotel of this type and service and facilities were genrally good (apart from somewhat slow reception staff) The only complaint was with regards to the poor quality of food served in the evening. The &quot;prime cut beef&quot; burger had clearly arrived straight from the factory via the freezer and the tiny portion of Caesar salad was made with the very bitter inner leaves of the lettuce. Not good. However, there are plenty of local options to eat out in Swiss Cottage, St Johns Wood High Street and Regents Park Road in Primrose Hill. Would stay here again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great hotel in London	Me and my husband stayed for 3 nights at the Marriott Regents Park. It was a treat for my Birthday and also an opportunity for my husband to watch the start of the Tour De France. The hotel was in a good location - close to the centre of everything but not too close - the surrounding area wasn't too busy or noisy.We checked in around 1pm (had requested early check-in) and the staff were helpful and friendly.Our room was on the executive floor and it was lovely and spacious with a lovely bathroom, very comfortable bed and a nice balcony where we could watch the world go by. As we were on the executive floor we also had access to the executive lounge which provided free snacks and soft drinks.Breakfast was included in our package and was a typical buffet breakfast - the food was tasty and fresh and the staff were very efficient. We had room service a couple of times and found the service quick, food was delicious and not overly expensive by London standards.Unfortunately we didn't get chance to try the hotel bar because we were so busy every day.The only down side to this hotel was the cost of parking - it cost us nearly £70 to park our car for around 36 hours.All in all though it was a lovely stay in London and I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 19 2007 	Rooms were hot as hell - avoid until air conditioning fixed	I use this hotel a lot for business travel and have always enjoyed the quality of the hotel and the very professional staff. But this time when I booked no reference to the failed air conditioning was mentioned neither at the booking nor the check-in stage 2 days later nor again in the room.It was horribly warm all night and all the staff could do was offer a fan. On objecting it seems the hotel have decided not to inform guests but simply remove 'air conditioning' from the description on their website. However, how can a hotel clasify itself as luxurious if it cannot offer the basics of London's three star hotels; &quot;luxury bedding with custom comforters, thicker mattresses, fluffier pillows&quot; are no substitute.This is an unworthy approach by senior management to an understandable problem which leaves the Marriott's customer-facing staff in a very difficult position. The deliberate lack of information damages customer loyalty and Marriott should know better!!!!! Poor show.	
Jul 17 2007	not going back	This is a fancy hotel with some good service and some terrible service. Good service included the bellmen and concierge (very friendly). However, the guest services department you reach by dialing 0 from your room is useless. They are not knowledgeable about services, are curt and unprofessional, and rush you as they have another phone ringing loudly in the background. The front desk staff is ok, but nothing special. Both the website and the desk staff neglected to inform us that the air conditioning was not working and we were hot and sweaty every night. The kitchen closes at 11pm, right when hungry theatre-goers are returning to their rooms. If you're one of these, your only choice of food is a cold sandwich which is highly overpriced and takes forever to be delivered.I worked for Marriott for several years so I can say with certainty that this property is not up to scratch by Marriott standards.	
Jul 9 2007	Not perfect but pretty good	We stayed at the hotel as part of a wedding. The pros: Great location, close to tube, lovely Primrose Hill and the fabulous Regent's park. Pretty good gym and a large pool (for an urban hotel anyway). The room was large, clean and very comfortable. Good breakfast which was included in the room rate. Very friendly staff. The cons: there was no air conditioning because of renovations and the rooms were sleep-disturbingly hot. Obviously temporary. Access to the pool was a bit strange, looked like it was part of the renovations too. The spa is also being renovated; I was very happy to get a pedicure there but it was very cramped. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The location is great as long as you are happy not being in dead-centre London. I found this to be a bonus though -- because it is near the parks and has the large pool it is also very relaxing.	
Jul 5 2007 	Marriott Member Benefits	We stayed for 3 nights at the end of June. The main parts of the hotel and at least 20 of the rooms have just been renovated. When booking, ask for a renovated room as they looked much nicer than the older rooms. Since we are Marriott Gold members we were given a room on the 6th floor executive level, which has all newly renovated rooms. The new rooms are great and included robes, slippers, mini bar, and very large bath sheets. If you're a Marriott member, the members only lounge has free wi-fi and access to a computer. Members also get free breakfast and free happy hour snacks. Non-alcoholic beverages are available for free all day. If you use marriott points to stay here, it cost us 55,000 points for 2 nights. That's a lot of points but hotels in London are very expensive.The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of the Swiss Cottage tube station in a relatively quiet area of the city. The hotel is apparently good enough for celebrities as some members of England's cricket team were staying there, causing quite a bit of excitement for some of the guests who lined up to get Monty Panesar's autograph.	
Jun 26 2007 	Very nice London hotel at a reasonable price	We stayed here for three days. The rooms are very nice, large, clean, and well appointed. The beds are dreamily comfortable. The staff were attentive, friendly and professional. The renovations have shut the air-conditioning off, so it was a little warm in the room, but we kept our sliding door open, so it was very nice and cool in the evening. The hotel staff will supply a fan if you want it. Part of the hotel is under-renovation, so we heard a little noise, but we paid a great price for the rooms in a London hotel of this stature. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Swiss Cottage underground. From there a zone 1 and 2 pass will take you virtually anywhere in London. So adjust for the temperature, and a little noise in the day, and enjoy this lovely hotel while it is discounted.  We were very pleased with our stay.	
Jun 5 2007 	Fine 3.5 stars rather than the advertised 4 stars	Booked this hotel through Priceline for $125 a night (2 nights). Was disappointed to see that part of the property was under renovation. Finally got PL to contact the hotel and we were promised a room that would not be affected by noise.Checked in and we were given a corner room on the 3rd floor. Room was very spacious, bright and well equipped. Corridoor was quiet.Bathroom was a decent size though the bath was small. Only thing the bathroom was lacking was a magnifying mirror - pretty standard issue for &quot;4 star&quot; hotels, and vital for those of us who need to prettify without our glasses on!Three big let downs from the room:1 - the air conditioning did not work properly. We didn't need it the first night, the second night we returned late to a humid room. Stuck the air con on at the lowest setting and the room got warmer not colder. It was too late at that point to contact maintenance.2 - room was over the banquet hall. Not much fun when the wedding party broke up at 3am, the did not depart quietly and this disturbed our sleep greatly.3 - the plastic matress protector!! This was the most offensive thing about the room. I understand that hotels want to get the maximum life from their mattresses but I woke up at 2am the first night feeling sweaty and uncomfortable. Suspected it may be the bed, removal of the lower sheet revealed a mattress protector with a plastic lining. No wonder my back was clammy! This is unacceptable practice in a 4 star hotel in my opinion, there are plenty of &quot;breathable&quot; alternatives.Didn't eat in the hotel, plenty of affordable options within 5 mins of the hotel and beyond. The area felt safe and the tube station was less than 5 mins walk away.Overall this hotel was fine, just not deserving of a 4 star rating.	
May 21 2007 	Comfortable and Friendly	We stayed here for three days, and were very impressed with the staff. They were friendly and professional. The rooms were large, clean, and well appointed. The hotel is about a three minute walk from the Swiss Cottage underground, which is very convenient to everything you might want to see in the city.We loved the bed, the newly renovated bathrooms. We were especially impressed with the friendly and helpful staff. The neighbourhood was quiet and had relatively easy access to the underground and a bus service (leading to downtown spots) just outside the door.We were very pleased with our stay.	
May 4 2007 	It's fine	We stayed here in March. Yes, all the reviews that mention the hotel are undergoing renovations are correct. Other than the display in the lobby and signs indicating the other wing of the hotel was closed we never would have known. There was no noise, dust, or problems. Our room was one that had been renovated and it was nice, clean, and pretty large by London standards. Web connectivity was really expensive (12 GBP a day, I think). Breakfast in the hotel is also very expensive for a pretty basic spread. We used the pool, too, which was fun.The location is great if you want to be in the northwest, but it isn't in the heart of the hubbub. We had lived in Belsize Park, so this location was great for us. It's very close to the Swiss Cottage tube stop (Jubilee Line), so you can get anywhere. It is also walkable to Regents Park and Primrose Hill, which is a plus.In the end, it's a Marriott, so it feels pretty much like any other Marriott you've stayed in before.	
May 2 2007	Great hotel	We stayed at the Regents Park Marriott a few weeks back and were lucky enough to experience one of the brand new bedrooms which was absolutely gorgeous! And it just got better, we went out in Camden for a few drinks, so the location was perfect - (its just a 5 min bus ride away), when we got back the bar was still open and had some lovely cocktails, followed by the best nights sleep i have had in a while!!Breakfast was fab - all you eat buffet, and to be honest i am not usually a fan of these as the food sits for hours - but this was really tasty - they even made me some waffles while i waited!! All round top experience - would most definately stay again!!	
Apr 27 2007 	Good stay	Let me start by saying that my career causes me to travel and so I have stayed at many Marriotts throuout the world (many time gold member). This is a decent Marriott. Large room for a European Hotel. They offer American electrical outlets. Service was great. Food could have been better. I would walk up the street to one of the pubs or go grab a curry nearby. Fitness facility was good. The pool was real good. It is a short walk to the underground (Swiss Cottage station). My room was on the quiet street side. My colleagues were on the side facing the main street. They complained of the noise at night. But, then again, they are from small town America and are not use to that sort of thing. If that sort of thing bothers you, just ask for a room on the right side of the hotel.The next time I am in London, I will try to stay here.	
Apr 2 2007 	Nice room large pool	Stayed for 2 nights in one of the old rooms. Hotel is currently being refurbised and it was a little noisy in the day time. Room still very good and lots of space. Large pool, good for children as it's shallow at one end. Food generally not that impressive.	
Mar 30 2007 	Good price-Good service. Location---ehh.	I went there by myself to get away for 5 days and watch a Super Bowl, LIVE in London at 11:30 PM. Something is unique about that--plus, it's a good time to get away. No crowds, low price airfare, half empty plane...etc.I picked the Regents Park hotel because of the pool...and I like Marriott's.The hotel itself was nice. Concierge had an opera ticket ready for me on arrival..(as I requested). The staff was helpful. The rooms were nice and the beds were EXCELLENT!..(that is fast becoming a Marriott trademark).The free breakfast..(with the package), was fantastic.The only problems were...the tube is about a 10/15 minute walk to get to and there's not too much around the area itself.The pool was small...but that really wasn't the problem with the pool. There is a NOT SO gradual incline/decline in the pool. It goes from about 1 ft in the beginning to 5 ft at the other end. If you move to halfway in the pool---it's only up to the middle of your thighs...lol.The food selection is sub-par, (excluding breakfast). I got a cheeseburger from room service there one night...and although it was fine--that was the only thing on the menu that seemed like a nice choice.And lastly---the bar is sooo small and sort of uncomfortable.There was an annoying guy there for the Steelers/Seahawks SB that was trying to &quot;shushh&quot; people so he could hear the pregame entertainment...lol. But the proximity of everything was so close that I guess he felt he had to do that. LOL---only a rude American would ask a bar to be quiet for something like that.But still---the bar area is small.One side note---something good and bad at the same time. I loved that all the rooms have balconies---but all the balconies are so small you can't even put a chair out there. Was ok that time since it was Feb. But if I came in the summer and knew they had balconies---I'd have thought I could sit out there and watch the world go by. You can still watch the world go by---but...lol---you'll have to do it standing.Overall---I liked my stay a lot.I'd recommend this hotel if you don't mind not really being in London.Ren	
Mar 10 2007 	Weekend In London	I visited London with a group of friends last weekend. We flew direct to Luton from Alicante. It was really easy to get to the hotel via the M1. The hotel is currently being updated and we stayed in one of the brand new rooms with two double beds. The room looked very modern and each room had it's own balcony. The beds were the comfiest I've ever slept in with matress toppers you sink into. Breakfast was fantastic although very busy as it was the weekend. We were told that during the week and earlier in the mornings the restaurants were less crowded. We had to wait for a few minutes to get a table but the food and service were excellent and soon made me forget the wait. The underground station was a few minutes walk away and could easily access any part of the city pretty much whenever we wanted. My friends and I would recomend this hotel to anyone visiting London as we found it to be great value for money and the staff were all incredibly friendly and helpful.	
Mar 10 2007 	Love the new rooms!	I stayed at the Regents Park Marriott and can not fault it. It's ideal for the business traveler, close to the centre (only 2 stops to bond street) and not the Park Lane price tag. Service can alway be better, but it's what you would expect, the waiting time in the morning at the reception desk is long, but hey you can always do the video check out or the express check out, which I did. Then on to the rooms, they are undergoing a light refurbishment, and I was there for 5 nights, and can really say it didnt bother me at all, I was lucky to get one of the new rooms and they look really nice. Bit more trendy, more 2007 then 1990's but not too try hard.Would recommend this hotel to anyone, whether on business or coming down to London to see a show.Overall good value for money	
Feb 27 2007 	Very poor standard of food	I have just returned from a three night stay in this hotel with my husband and two young daughters. I booked the hotel directly using the Marriott's own website. I was impressed with the ease of the online booking service -particularly with the Online Concierge facility which enables you to prebook a range of free and costed addtional services prior to your arrival. I booked addtional foam pillows (daughter has asthma), kids activity packs, room with balcony, etc. On arrival, we found that not all of the services we had prebooked had not been arranged (no foam pillows or activity packs). We found the reception and housekeeping staff who dealt with our subsequent enquiry unfriendly and dismissive. Our three night stay was on an inclusive dinner, B&amp;B rate. The dinner menu was the same each night and we found it difficult to choose something different we liked by the third night. The quality of the food was shockingly poor for the star rating of this hotel. Apart from the breakfast (which was great) most of the dinner dishes tasted as if they were pre-packed as opposed to being cooked from fresh. The kids menu also has a limited choice and was, on one occasion, inedible - sausage and mash covered in a burnt,. brown concoction which was described as gravy. On two occasions after having eaten dinner in the restaurant, we were &quot;quizzed&quot; about whether or not we were entitled to the inclusive dinner rate because the restuarant manager had been advised by reception staff that this was not the case. This resulted in me having to go to reception to clarify our booking rate again. We felt as if we were being accused of &quot;freeloading&quot;. we have stayed in many hotels over the years on inclusive rates and have never been subjected to this treatment. Saying all of the above, it may well be that we had a particularly unfortunate experience. There were good points - the rooms are well appointed (beds particularly comfortable) and the kids loved the swimming pool. The waiters and waitresses in the restaurant itself were very friendly and helpful. I can say without hesitation, however, that we have no intention of staying in this hotel again. In fact, I would seriously doubt whether or not we would stay in any Marriott hotel again considering the cost against the actual standard of service received.	
Feb 14 2007 	The only hotel to look for in London	This is a great hotel, with a very comfortable feel and excellent, friendly staff. Located within easy reach of the tube, which gets you to all the major sites, and also some nice local places to visit, like Hampstead and Primrose Hill.Good value, and I will definitely be staying here again on my next visit to town!	
Jan 19 2007 	GREAT Hotel Nice People - BEING ROBBED WITH A SMILE	First, the good thigs. The hotel was very nice. Newly remodeled with spacious rooms. Most Americans would feel comfortable in the hotel, especially with added features like American Outlets in the walls. Great location to get to London (by the tube and a couple stops from Oxford St). Overall the lodging was great. Now the bad stuff...Raad Your Bill, Reread Your Bill, then turn-around and READ IT AGAIN!On the first day we went to the restaurant for breakfast. The waiter told us it was included in our room. We went back the next day as well. On the third day the waiter brought us a bill for 60 pounds ($120 for 5 people). He explained that the others were mistaken and we did have to pay for breakfast. I was adament in letting him know that there was no way I would pay and then he relented.The last night of our stay a bill came under the door. Two things stuck out at me. One, they charged us for newspapers. I didn't request them, but they charged me for then. No big deal since I read them anyway -- but they should ask. Second, a bill for 60 pounds per night per room (listed Accomodations). That was 360 pounds and 720 dollars. I prepared this room on Priceline. I went to the counter and they quickly removed the charge with no question. DODGY!!!So, if you don't mind being vigiliant with your bill this is a great hotel.	
Jan 12 2007 	Marriott Swiss Cottage	I stayed at this hotel for one night last week and my overall impression that at the rate they charge for B&amp;B it is not worth it. On arrival in reception a very young, rather dissevelled looking receptionist (whose badge said , 'In Training' ) was alone at the desk and on a phone call. She continued the call as I waited without any back up from another member of staff. Another customer arrived and still she continued the call. She checked me in quickly but without any real warmth or friendliness.Yes... the beds are the best thing about this hotel. Wonderful linen, duvets, mattress toppers and pillows. However upon entering my room I found that the adjoining door to the next room was unlocked and that at the rate quoted on my check in slip of 350 excluding VAT there was not so much as a packet of biscuits on the rather sparce hospitality tray. The bathroom was an average size filled with far too many towels for one person (or even two) but the lever to empty the bath was broken and so I had to leave my dirty bath water in the tub when I left. My room faced onto the main street and I was aware of the traffic passing although it didnt prevent me from sleeping.What did prevent me from sleeping however was a loud tap tap tapping on each and every door on the corridor at precisely 8.15 a .m. As my alarm was set for a half an hour after that I was horrified and disgusted. The 'tapping' came from 'housekeeping' who woke everyone on the corridor I'm sure and then ... nothing !! What was the point??When I complained about this to the Duty Manager I was informed that I should have hung out my 'do not disturb' sign. I replied that even if I did I would have heard the racket as they proceeded along the corridor tapping on every door. It was like chucking out time at a youth hostel !!! I wouldnt have imagined that one would need to hang out the do not disturb sign unless a sleep in after at least 9 a.m. was required. Maybe I 'm wrong...The breakfast room was bright and cheery and a lovely selection of fruits and hot food was available. However, noone came to my table to ask did I require any of the special hot breakfast dishes listed on the menu. Lunch for our meeting that day was limited but freshly prepared , tasty and a little bit different.Having said all that my overall impression of this hotel was of unfriendly staff who didn't honestly appear to enjoy what they were doing.	
Jan 8 2007 	This is now my favorite London hotel	Having stayed in London many times, I will never look for a hotel again - this is it. Wonderful everything - lovely room with nice beds and bedding, beautiful leisure center and a terrific breakfast. Staff were fantastic - especial thanks to George K. at reception and David M. at the concierge desk, who were incredibly kind, efficient and helpful. Tube station (Swiss Cottage, on the Northern Line) is two blocks away and a little out of town, but trust me, it's worth the extra travel time to stay here. We are a family of four, and they were able to put us in a family room, non-smoking, that easily accomodated everybody at an unbelievably low price. A wonderful value - I'll be back time and time again.	
Jan 6 2007 	Loved the Marriott	This is the perfect hotel inLondon for a family of 5! We were able to have a large room with 2 double beds and then a rollaway. There was still room to move and a large clean bathroom! At only 100 pounds it was a great deal. They had lots of families there--a great pool, and a short walk to the metro but in a quiet area. I would definately stay there again!	
Jan 4 2007	Good value	We got two nights free with our BA flight and liked the hotel well enough to stay another two. London hotel prices are very high and this hotel is good valuePluses -its a Marriott with almost American size room (we had two queen beds).well equipped with ironing board and kettle.Nice bed linen, high quality goodies in the bathroom. Swimming pool and sauna in hotelVery close to- Swiss cottage which is a major transport hub for buses as well as the tube.Hampstead theater if you like the &quot;off Broadway &quot;experience. We saw an excellent new play Primrose hill for great views of London centerNegatives- generic kind of Marriott, little feel that you are in London. Outrageous mini bar ($5 for a coke) and phone charges Do not use the phone in the room It will cost you $2 a minute for a local call. Hotel looking a little worn e.g.the chair in our room had a split on the end of the arm.	
Dec 25 2006 	It was OK.	This was a girls week in London and the 3 of us had a great time. The hotel is very close to the Swiss Cottage Tube station and the train station. We took the Heathrow Express and then got a cab to the hotel. The cab was around 14 PBS and took less then 10 min. We had the best cab drivers coming and going. I requested an early check in and only had to wait an hour in the lobby. Since we arrived around 10 am and check in isn't until 2 or 3 pm, we had no problem waiting. Customer service is not the strong point of this hotel. You won't get a big smile or &quot;welcome&quot; when you hit the front door. We had 6 pieces of luggage and no one ever came out to help us bring them in from the cab. Our room was very nice. We had 2 double beds and a rollaway. The bathroom is a little small and the hairdryer is in the desk drawer, which is a huge pain to use while others are trying to sleep or watch TV. I must admit that I am a long time Marriott rewards member, so I ,as well as my 2 roommates, received free access to the executive lounge. I don't know what it costs to gain access to this lounge, but it has to be worth every penny. We had a wonderful breakfast everyday and then heavy appetizers in the evening. This was more then a meal for us. We also enjoyed the unlimited teas, coffees and drinks that were available 24/7. I had read other reviews about having troubles with being charged incorrectly upon check out, so the night before I went to the front desk to just check on my bill and to find out how to get a cab. I'm so glad I did. My room was charged over 200 BPS for someone's dinner and drinking in the pub. At no time did any of my party purchase anything in the hotel. The staff pulled the bill and it was not my signature on the bill. The removed the charges and appolgized. When I checked out the next day, there were more charges on my bill. The receipt was once again pulled and my signature was not on the bill. This time they were less then willing to remove the charges, but did so in the end. I questioned the front desk staff and asked them if they just allow anyone to sign and put a room # down. I was told &quot;no&quot; that you must show your key slip with your signature on it. This is obviously not happening. Watch your bill!	
Oct 31 2006 	Great Family Friendly Hotel	We are a family with two boys aged 12 and 9 and booked this hotel for three nights in the 2006 October half term break.We thought the hotel was fantastic, one of the best we have stayed in. The reception was friendly, with goody bags (loads of sweeties) for the children. Our room was very well decorated and furnished, and was spotlessly clean. It was also a good size and there was plenty of space even though we had two enormous beds (brand new beds and bedding).The hotel seems to be very family friendly, no real restrictions to pool access and all the staff we came across were very friendly. The concierge was extremely knowledgable and helpful.Swiss Cottage tube station is around 5 minutes walk (easy access to Oxford Street, Baker Street and the Thames, just a few stops away) and there are also lots of small shops, plus M&amp;S food, Woolworths, Argos, Habitat and supermarket about 10 minutes walk away. We loved our visit to London and our stay at this hotel!	
Oct 24 2006	Wonderful Hotel. Heavelnly Bed. Highly Recommend	Got an AMAZING deal on this hotel on priceline UK. Paid 47 pounds (plus taxes) per night for 3 nights. I was a little leery from reading the reviews and my husband is very picky about hotels preferring to say in only very nice hotels. I have been to London twice before, and I knew from experience many of their hotels are far below US standards, and you almost never get more than a double bed. Must to my delight we had 3 rooms and got our request on each and every room. No mention of priceline either. One had a king bed, the other 2 had 2 queen beds. The beds were heavenly! The room spacious and immaculate. The bathroom fair sized and the shower wonderful. This hotel is a solid 3 star even by US standards, and we have stayed in many fine 4 star and resort quality hotels in US as well as abroad. It is an easy 5 minute walk to tube stop, and there are many good eating place, as well as chemist, grocery, etc. within 5-10 minute walk. We got a wonderful full English breakfast for 5 pounds (compared to 16 pounds in hotel) close to hotel. Also had good Chinese and Thai food for less than 10 pounds per person. Marks and Spencer, McDonalds, KFC, also very close. The area is NOT bad or seedy in the least. We felt very safe walking around there by day or night. The staff was very friendly (with the exception for a very rude car valet who was French) the lobby attractive, the concierge very helpful. The food and mini bar is astronomical though so we didn't eat there at all. I did not use the pool; however my son used the sauna, and steam room. Yes, it is a little farther out from city center. But for 15 minutes more in travel time you are rewarded with plush accommodations, and getting back to that heavenly bed about a full day on your feet made it all worthwhile. The money we saved by eating at the restaurants close by as opposed to the more expensive ones in city center was also a big savings for us as we had 3 teenagers along. Unless you are extremely hard to please you will not be disappointed in this hotel. Even my hotel snob husband who travels on business and always stays at 3 or 4 star American hotels was impressed. We had no bogus charges on any of our 3 rooms at check out, as another posted had. Hotel also had aromatherapy toilet items, hair dryer, iron and board, slacks presser, in room and automatic shoe shine in hall. Will be happy to answer any question you may have, feel free to email me.	
Oct 18 2006 	A generally good hotel but check your bill	When Priceline offered Regents Park, I was expecting something on the Euston Road. I had forgotten the Marriott - which is really in Swiss Cottage. The check-in and room both excellent.The tube at Swiss C is only a few minutes walk and only three stops to Bond Street. It's actually a great location.However, internet acess at GBP15 for 24 hours starting at mid-day and finishing at midday the following day is not a good deal for most business guests arriving late afternoon, esp since I am now accustomed to getting free WiFi in most mainland European hotels.They also tried to stick me with a bill for GBP60 which they claimed was for a &quot;10 minute 'telephone call&quot;Like most guys I now carry a cellphone (two in fact) and a computer with Skype and I only touched their phone to set the wake-up call. Admittedly they removed the charge without further debate and it may have been a genuine mistake but at 6am departure how many guests get stiffed for this kind of thing. The check out clerk merely commented that &quot;this is the cost of hotel phone calls&quot; Well it should not be - not at a Marriott, not anywhere in this day and age. Even if it were genuine it would be a horrendous charge per minute and it leaves a nasty taste from an otherwise great hotel?	
Sep 14 2006	Fantastic for Families	We have just returned from a long weekend at the London Marriott Hotel Regents Park. The hotel is great as they have a great swimming pool which our children were allowed to use (unlike some stuffy London hotels), they also gave our children goody bags on arrival and were extremely friendly throughout our stay. We have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel, when we went out we couldn't wait to get back to the peace and tranquility of the hotel. The restaurant is great and the chef came out and spoke with us about our food choices and really identified our children as themselves, not talking down to them or speaking to us about their choices.The hotel is extremely convenient for central London and also as I drove down on the M1, has very easy access for my car with a reasonably priced huge secure car park on site.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in in London and I consider myself extremely fussy!	
Sep 4 2006 	A nice surprise	We booked this hotel for a three night stay in London, one week in advance. In the Marriott website we were offered a weekend special package that made our stay a real bargain comparing with other 4-star London hotels. When I later read the reviews posted in TripAdvisor I became a bit worried but fortunately my stay was fairly good.The bed was really comfortable and the room was spacious and well equipped. Besides, I didn't find the neighbourhood dangerous despite one comment I had read in a review.The only problem was the distance to the city centre, but by Jubilee line or by bus nr. 13 it won't take you that long!All in all, comparing with my previous experience in London, I consider that we got good value for our money.	
Aug 8 2006	Too many trainees in hotel	Why I stayed in this marriott regent park was because my client booked me into this hotel, which I did read some reviews on tripadvisor and I was a bit worrying. It turned out to be unsatisfying as well.Good point of this hotel: Ice making machine on the corridor (which in this soso hot weather, you need ice all the time) Also, use ice to store your food if you stay longer time (Mini fridge is forbidden to use because once you take out any bottle, they charge you automatically). Very comfortable bed, clean bathroom and enough spaces for storage. Cold air-conditioning 24 hrs, free cookies and kettle, iron &amp; iron broad in room.Bad point: Beware the air-conditioning will scare you at night, when it suddently made a loud noise. Too many trainees in the hotel, who don't know much and need to ask their superviser all the time. No porter to carry you lugguges unless you ask them to. Location is too far from central, surrounding area has nothing, only M&amp;S within 8 mins walk. When you check out beware of lots of problem, I stand there over half an hour to explain the bill. The cost is not cheap, 130pounds for double room, so I moved to John Howard hotel for my next 3 days, a bargain and near the central.	
Aug 3 2006 	nice hotel	We stayed there from July 29-1 August. No problems, but the rooms on one side of the hotel were so noisy we had to move to the quiet side of the hotel. No problems walking to and from Swiss Cottage station, took about 5 mins. You can't beat using the underground to the city. We even used it to get our luggage to Heathrow airport.	
Jul 6 2006 	As executive as a bus shelter	Stayed here in a Executive room. Lovely king size bed which fills the room. Rooms are too small for the price you pay. No information on what an executive room gives you, ie access to the Executive Lounge, where you also have to pay for Alcoholic drinks. I stayed in a smoking room which smelt like someone had smoked a hundred cigarettes in there, 10 minutes prior my arrival! The location for me is good, access to the tube 5 minute walk, &amp; the staff are always friendly. I always stay here when in London, but just beware that this is not what a Marriott Hotel should be about.	
Jun 28 2006 	Con not very close to Central London	The hotel is an average 3 star hotel and not very close to Central London. In the middle of nowhere and should operate under the 'Marriott' name.	
Feb 7 2006	Good Value for Money Especially with Kids	This hotel works well for a family with children. Rooms can connect and are large (with two decent beds) and well equipped by London standards for the price. The large inviting breakfast buffet and indoor swimming pool are appealing to children. The location is certainly not central London (it would take 20 minutes on the tube to get to Oxford Street) but is well served by train connections, is walking distance to Primrose Hill park, and has the advantage of two movie theatres in the vicinity. This isn't a &quot;charming&quot; choice, but is very practical for families who want to stay someplace decent on a budget. It also has a convenient car garage.	
Jan 27 2006	Loved it.	My family and I stayed here in August, and we all enjoyed it. The service was excellent, esp the bell man, I don't know his name, but he was quite cheery. The rooms were clean and modern. It was a nice change, compared to the dump we stayed in Torquay the previous two nights. I enjoyed the fact that this place had balconies. A big plus. I am a smoker, but I don't like smoking in the same room as my son, so it was nice to stand out there instead of running down to the hotel lobby and outside, like the other places we stayed. The only thing, I didn't like was the beds, the mattresses were too soft, but that wouldn't stop me coming here. As long as I didn't have sleep in them for too long. I know it was out of the way, but I much rather stay here, than go to one of those awful budget tourist hotels closer to the attractions, which my husband and I did once years ago. Terrible. We also got a good deal over the net when we booked, and it was one of the cheaper places we stayed at, during our England trip. I would stay here again in a flash.	
Dec 18 2005	A bit out of the way	This Hotel was fine for a Marriott. It wasn't the nicest Marriott I've stayed in but it wasn't the worst either. The room was large and clean. The lobby was always crowded and smoky. Breakfast was more than a bit overpriced. The hotel is located within a 5 minute walk of the Swiss Cottage tube station which meant we could be anywhere in the city within 30 minutes. There are a couple of cafes near by for a better value breakfast and a Marks &amp; Spencer food shop also for snacks or lunch items.We spent 7 nights and it seemed every time we passed the front desk it was crowded. The pool area was well kept and the sauna/steam room helped ease our legs after a day of sightseeing. The gym area was large and well stocked with quite a bit of high end equipment.For the same price (we used Marriott reward points) you could be closer to the center of London if you want. Now that I’m more familiar with the city I would say that this is a little out of the way for touring London.	
Nov 23 2005	Non smokers beware	We have stayed at this hotel for several years. It seems to have a new policy of not confirming non-smoking rooms in advance. If you get a smokers room, it can be more like fire damaged - yellowed and really not a pleasant place for fresh air breathers to sleep. It is also going slowly downhill when compared to the standards of a few years ago. Last comment, 6 porno channels on open display in the room literature led to some awkward questions with our youngest (Marriot had mormon origins - how do they square the porno channels with the religious folk back in the bible belt I do not know !)	
Nov 9 2005 	Just what you'd expect from a Marriott	Stayed in November 2005 and the hotel is just what you'd expect from a Marriott. Clean rooms, efficient staff etc, etc. There’s a leisure club with pool that we didn’t go into but it looked fine and not too busy. Our room was a good size with two double beds. We tried for a king sized bed but they didn’t have any. Breakfast was good with a great selection and they charged what seems to be the standard £16 charge these days. Car parking is available underneath and outside the hotel at £15 for 24 hours which I thought was pretty good for London. There were a couple of weddings on when we stayed and we weren’t bothered by the noise at all. The bar and resturant are smallish but well run and there's also a small shop selling newspapers, toothpaste etc.As mentioned previously it’s more Swiss Cottage than Regents Park but that’s no bad thing. Swiss Cottage tube is a 5 min walk around the corner which is on the Jubilee Line (10 mins to Bond Street station). We got a black cab to the top of Oxford Street at 8pm and it cost £11, not bad at all. There are some pretty good restaurants in Swiss Cottage including a Benihana’s which is great if a little pricy (we were sat next to Nicole Appleton and Kate Thornton when we went, they must have known we were going!). There always seem to be some good deals for this hotel if you do a little digging. We got three nights for £99 each (not including breakfast) which I must admit breaks my personal record for a Marriott so we were very happy.	
Oct 12 2005	Swiss cottage Marriot	review: 'Regents Park' Marriott - this hotel is actually in Swiss cottage (don't go out after dark) and quite a hike from the north end of Regents Park. The taxi fare from the west end back to the hotel set us back £27 (40 euros/$47) plus tip. The hotel itself is next to a busy main road (can be noisy) and is on par with your average Moat House but at twice the price. The buffet breakfast was good but my daughter was not very hungry one morning and we still had to shell out £17 for a bowl of cornflakes and an apple.	
Apr 17 2005	Just 20 minutes to Oxford Circus from hotel reception!	Whilst I appreciate that this hotel is not smack bang in the middle of Leicester Square, it really isn't that far from central London in the big scheme of things. It takes just three minutes to walk to Swiss Cottage tube station and the Jubilee Line whisks you straight to Bond Street in just three stops, or you can change at Baker Street to go direct to Oxford Circus in just two further stops. Now for the hotel itself... Staff were friendly and helpful, although the wait to check in and out was a little tedious. The concierge was knowledgeable and the general welcome at the Marriott was warm. The room was a good size and in good condition, decorated in a typical Marriott style, ie, one that won't challenge or scare the more conservative traveller! Having patio doors leading onto a small balcony was a bonus, allowing a good amount of fresh air into the room, always preferable to air-conditioning on a warm spring day (though a/c is available in all rooms). The leisure centre is of a good quality, though there were rather more kids around than I would have ideally liked, there are probably fewer during the weekend, mine was a weekend stay. Overall I would recommend this hotel, especially if you can get a room at a rate similar to what I paid. I got the room through a well known bidding travel website and paid just 77 GBP as opposed to the cheapest available rate through the Marriott website which was 145 GP.	
Mar 30 2005	Not anywhere near central London!	BE WARNED! This hotel is not very close to the centre of London at all, although on the website and in brochures they make out that it is. It is a good half hour by bus or car to most major attractions - In fact it is not even that close to Regents Park, and it is in the middle of a large roundabout! As a resident of London this frustrates me no end, as tourists who have been promised that they are near to main attractions and sights find themselves in the middle of a residental area.	
Mar 12 2005 	Gone downhill	I have been staying at this hotel for many years and am saddened to experience how down hill it has got. At nearly £200 for the room only you would expect that 'something else', but no what you actually have to come to expect is poor service at a high price. On one occasion after a five hour drive I arrive at 7pm to be told the room is not ready. I bk a table in the restaurant and am kept waiting for 1/2 hr before someone acknowledges me, room service was late and incorrect &amp; the toliet in my room had a problem so I had to haul all my belongings to a different room. I was also charged for items I didn't order. Thankfully the reception staff are used to handling such complaints &amp; dealt with accordingly but this really is not good enough - nor was the free drink they offered - it really should have been a bottle - or a vineyard come to that.	
Feb 9 2005	Check the bill		
Jan 6 2005	Absolutely horrible		
Jan 5 2005	Great location		
Aug 15 2004 	Good sized room excellent room service. More check-in staff please!		
Jul 7 2004	Super stay at Regents Marriott		
Jan 20 2004	Great if you are looking for an American style Hotel in London!		
Nov 5 2003	Definitely gone downhill		
Oct 15 2003	FAB easy hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Aug 14 2003	Large room pool gym great room service......		
Apr 23 2003	Feels like America		
Nov 17 2009 	Standard Marriot rencontré		
Oct 21 2009 	?????????????????????		
Sep 25 2009 	Lugar tranquilo		
Jul 24 2009 	Allez y les yeux fermés		
Jul 9 2009 	????????		
Apr 10 2009 	Pas de point faible		
Apr 7 2009 	Excelente!		
Apr 2 2009 	trop décentré pour visiter Londres		
Jan 9 2009 	tres satisfaits		
Dec 29 2008 	Non lo consiglierei		
Sep 2 2008 	ottimo!!!		
May 3 2008 	Superbe hôtel		
Feb 16 2008 	No os defraudará		
Jul 14 2007 	Auf den ersten Blick nett aber von Service keine Spur.		
