	This the budget hotel that you need	The hotel is located in the very center of the London. It allows easy access to the main objectives, via bus or via underground.We arrived late and first impression in the lobby was of &quot;no frills&quot;.Room was very clean and it was kept like this for the whole 5 days of our staying: 5+ stars for the maintenance staff. Furniture was simple and practical and it fitted well with the neo style. Very comfortable bed, moderate size room for 2 ppl maximum (considering European standards, though an american might find it small, but nonetheless tiny); small bathroom, but not claustrophobic :). Because one has so many things to do in London and won't spend days in the hotel room, I feel this is really a minor thing. Great staff both at reception and also at the restaurant / breakfast room. Also maintenance stuff was very friendly and they did a great job.Very good breakfast for the price (with enough options like: English breakfast, fruits, French croissants, cereals, several varieties of tea &amp; coffee, etc). Some vegetables could be added to really make a difference. We stayed for 5 days and we had enough morning options not to feel bored :)I really recommend this hotel, it will be my first choice when visiting again London.Big price difference between online and lobby quote: book online, you might be able to stay up to 50% more days.	
Nov 6 2009 	clean and functional	We stayed there for three nights during a weekend trip to London. The hotel is centrally located, within walking distance to the Tower. Rooms are small, clean and functional. Don't expect cosiness or luxury. They do not even have hairdryers in the rooms - you have to reserve one at the reception. But good value for money. Good breakfast buffet. I would stay there again.	
Oct 14 2009 	Excellent -	A modern and clean hotel with comfortable rooms, a great breakfast (enough variety), helpful staff, situated in a fantastic location (half a minute to the underground which green line goes directly to the city center). Restaurants and pubs nearby. It really overcame my expectactions.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good value for money	Good:- Central, all other hotels for this price were way out of London or completely crap.- Big and modern rooms for London.- Algate East subway at 1 minute, buses to St Paul, Trafalgar Square around the corner.- Full English breakfast buffet for £7 (£5.50 if paid at the time of booking), basic food but unbeatable price.- Friendly staff.Could be better:- Mattress a bit uncomfortable.- 2 stars hotel looking 2 stars, no more, no less.- Small wardrobe- View on a wall from 3rd floor down.	
Oct 10 2009 	Quite OK	The hotel is situated very near the Aldgate East tube station. I used some time to find the hotel since there is a Commercial street, and Commercial road near by - a bit confusing. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly. The rooms are OK, quite spacious. No minibar, but coffee maker. The beakfast is pretty good, though I had trouble finding a table to sit at to eat. Pay-internet-PC in the lobby. In total good value for money, and a bit surpriced that the hotel only has two stars.	
Sep 29 2009 	another first class stay	another visit to the capital in August 2009. The second time we have stayed and have booked again for December. Rooms well maintained, breakfast enough to feed you for the day, the young guy on reception remembered us from the visit in June. if you need anything extra for example towels or teabags just ask and they are delivered to your room without any fuss.	
Sep 29 2009 	Just what you need!	I like Ibis hotels very much. You only pay for what you need. You don't have to pay for the things that are actually not that needed. They keep the hotels at standard quality level with success.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great friendly service	The hotel was very clean and every member of staff was helpful and polite. The rooms are a good size with a neat bathroom pod. Great walk-in shower and plenty of room to store toiletries. The buffet breakfast is good value for London. I wax expecting a continental breakfast but there was everything from bacon and eggs to fresh fruit salad and croissants. Breakfast served from 6 am if you need an early start. I looked at other budget groups and there were always extras if you want to check in early or leave your luggage at the hotel on day of departure if you aren't leaving until later in the day. It is located close to Brick Lane and Petticoat Lane Market and it was only a 10 minute walk to Tower Hill although there is a frequent bus route to the centre and Aldgate East Underground is just across the road. The only downside was dinner in the restaurant. The price was good but the food was not particularly appetizing although the service was prompt and friendly.	
Sep 26 2009 	Fairly Functional Central London Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night while on a business trip to London.The hotel is fairly convenient for Liverpool Street Station as took me just over 10 mins to walk. The hotel lobby was bustling with people going in and out and check in was quick and efficient with a very friendly receptionist. I was able to prepay for my room which meant that in the morning I could just drop off my room card and leave.My room was a twin and was a decent size. The furnishings and decor were nothing to write home about but were perfectly acceptable. The bathroom/shower pod was a little strange but the shower was really good and I guess it's a neat design for maximising room space. There was a good flat screen television.My room was on the first floor and I think faced the back of the building as it was very quiet for it's central location, I can imagine rooms on the other side of the hotel could be nosier as they would face the street.Overall this was a functional no frills central London hotel.	
Sep 25 2009 	PRICE ok QUALITY ok	Very nice, good rooms, good service, underground station is near this good hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Pretty good	Plus points :-Very close to Aldgate East underground (2 min walk)Eastern European lady at check-in was very nice and efficientRoom spotlessBathroom pod was great, very nice showerMinus points:-Don't expect much of a view, lots of building works close byTraffic noise means windows have to be closed at night (lots of angry London drivers out there)At £89 on a Saturday night, just a tad expensive.Overall if you can put up with the lack of a view and some traffic noise then this hotel is great.	
Aug 22 2009 	Very Handy Location	We were only in London for a few days, so didn't need to be close to everything. There is a tube station just across the road and it's only a short trip into the middle of town. The main reason we chose the hotel is because the Jack The Ripper Tour is run nearby, and most related sites are within a short walk of the hotel.The buffet breakfast was good (extra cost but good value) but get there early to make sure you get a seat and don't have to queue for too long. The rooms are small but comfortable, which is pretty standard for both Ibis and London. The nearby &quot;markets&quot; that get such a good review in Lonely Planet are NOT worth wasting your time on - go see something you definitely want to see, rather than hope to find something of value.	
Aug 17 2009 	Better than it looks	Stayed here for a Saturday night whilst visiting O2 dome and friends in Camden. Handily located about 10 minutes from Aldgate station. Rooms were £75 including breakfast which was much cheaper than other hotels. Some major work going on at Aldgate East tube station meant that there was a lot of scaffolding outside but once past this the hotel was OK, standard Ibis fare. Rooms were reasonably roomy and bathrooms were slightly strange &quot;pods&quot; but OK. Don't be put off by the immediate locale which isn't too inviting. The hotel is 5 - 10 minutes walk from Spitalfields Market which is really nice.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great hotel - Value for money	We stayed at the IBIS London City for four nights in July. The overall impression is that this is good value for money. The room was clean and functional for our needs - which was to sleep and relax our feet after hours (and hours) with shopping.Service was very good. One of the lamps in our room didn't work, but this was fixed immediately when we told the receptionist. The hotel guarantees to fix any problems with the room within 15 minutes, and they did (in our case),At one occasion we had a bit of trouble to communicate with the receptionist, as we tried to make him reconfirm a reservation at a restaurant. As none of us were native English speakers, I ended up calling them myself from my cellphone. Location is okay for this price. The Aldgate East station is only a few meters from the hotel entrance, and 20 minutes on the subway gets you about anywhere in central London.Breakfast is good, but do NOT eat dinner at the hotel restaurant. The food is not very tasty, and the glasses and cutlery is not clean. All in all this is a great hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Typically good IBIS	Great location, right next to Aldgate East tube (and only 5 mins walk from Aldgate). Not too much to see in this area but only 10 mins tube away from the City and the West End.Rooms typically clean, fairly basic, IBIS standard - all perfectly adequate.The staff are very helpful, and the bar has a good atmosphere; the prices are reasonable too!All in all a good place to stay for a weekend in town.Only thing I've noticed is the IBIS don't provide a hair dryer which has always struck me as odd. It doesn't bother me but my wife always comments on this.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent Value for London	This is just your typical standard Ibis - you could be anywhere in the world, but it offers excellent value and a comfortable room in a great location. It couldn't be handier for Aldgate East tube station, and is an pleasant 20min walk past the Gherkin and the City to St. Paul's. An excellent option for those on a budget. Only real downside is, like lots of the more modern Ibis hotels, it has one of those Pod type bathrooms in the room - not good if you are sharing a room!	
Jul 19 2009 	Perfect location but away from the crowds.	Just back from my fifth stay at this super hotel. Many years ago, this location would have been frowned upon - just outside the City of London and too far east - but now the area is thriving and has much to offer tourists. If you want a curry in Brick Lane or to go on a Jack the Ripper guided walk, this hotel is ideally suited. Indeed, due to its location close to tube and bus routes. most parts of London are no more than 30 minutes away. The rooms are clean and functional and I've never been bothered by any noise. Breakfast is great value. That said, prices have crept up since I first stayed here two Summers ago and this weekend I paid £35 a night more than two years ago. Adding another tenner for internet access and the hotel, sadly, starts losing its reputation for being value for money.	
Jun 8 2009 	Pretty good	Stayed 4 nights in Ibis London City and liked it a lot!Very basic but clean and comfortable.Very good location. Just around the corner you find Aldgate East tube station.I thought breakfast was good and had plenty of choice but I don't eat much so... I had a drink at the bar late at night and the waiter was nice and friendly. It's good to know that you can always have something to eat or drink late at night.The bathrom was almost spotlessly clean. A couple hairs in the shower.Overall, I think it is the perfect hotel if you are on a budget.	
May 29 2009 	Value for Money - Come on!	Stay: 17-20 May 2009Room: 544Total amount: $220.5 GBP (not include breakfast extra: 5.5 /per person)1) I arrived the hotel at 09:30 a bit earlier than the usual check-in time (12:00). So I left luggage at hotel without cost. They proceed very fast and helpful. So I went out to eat breakfast nearby restaurant, it costs me 6.5GBP/per person, no drink included. the beacon is very salty.2) Return to hotel about 12:00, check-in ok. Firstly, I borrow a hair-dryer from reception, ok.3) I read lots of comments about this hotel. So I check any bugs on bed. No, I cannot find one. The room is clean and everythings is ok.4) Breakfast 5.5GBP all you can eat is absolutely value for money. I eat breakfast in hotel everyday.5) People is very nice and helpful.6) Someone complained about the siren sound. Yup, I definitely hear that but it's not as large as you think. If you walk around london whole day long, drag your tired body back to the hotel, I promised it would bother you much.7) Bathroom, it can shower 2 person at the same time. It's ok!Weakness:1) The toilet paper is not clean. I read someone comment about this. So I already bring my own. I never use the hotel toilet paper.2) The receptionist need to train more about the direction. They point me out to the wrong tube station of the famous location london eye. Man, how's that possible.3) Breakfast only have 2 kinds of meat.Transportation:Just next to Aldgate East station and 5 mins walk to the Aldgate station and 10 mins walk to livepool station.Overall:I stayed in ibis London city, Bristol hotel in Frankfurt, Best western in Paris before writing this comment.Do you ask me is Ibis london city value for money after I compared all the above europe hotels I stayed in this trip.I swear Ibis london city is absolutely value for money.	
May 10 2009 	Very pleased!	I stayed 3 nights at the Ibis, London City Hotel. In fact, celebrating my 60th birthday in London. The location is perfect, not far from London Liverpool and Spitalfieds. Buses just round the corner. Welcoming staff and helpful all through our visit. Room very nice - colours for a change. Bathroom very practical. Breakfast was plentiful and way far from &quot;continental&quot;. Very nice bar as well and the restaurant you could relax in at night. We go to London at least once a year and Ibis City will be our choice. Budget hotels are way behind this! I also contacted on a matter, before my visit, the manager and was addressed in the most kind way. I wish to thank you Ibis London once again! Hans from Sweden.	
Apr 29 2009 	Nice room helpful staff but nothing extraodinary	I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights. Due to the nature of my trip I literally didn't spend any time in my room, I only slept there so I really didn't use any of the facilities. Room is pretty basic but nice and well-kept and of adequate size, there is room service every day including on weekends. A no-frills hotel though, there is no hairdryer in the rooms for example and you need to borrow one from reception, also you need to pay for the TV and the internet in the rooms and rates at the time were £9.99 for 24h which may be considered expensive by some. Also there aren't any toiletries provided, just a soap flake and some very basic shampoo that I wouldn't recommend, better bring your own. Room was quiet but a bit too cold though so I wouldn't recommend this place if you were to go there in the winter. Also the location is a bit of a downside because even though it says City, the hotel is actually located right next to the Tower Hamlets. On the other hand it is very conveniently located right next to Aldgate East Station which is a plus. Staff were also very helpful and I didn't have any problems with them. I would recommend the hotel if you manage to book it at a fair price.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good stay	On my business trip to London in January, I stayed at this hotel. Since this hotel is very close to my office, it suited me just fine. Also, there are couple of tube stations adjacent to this hotel, which makes it easier to travel to other parts of London. There are Tesco and Cost Cutter shops very near to it, nice pubs and restros as well. The hotel itself have a French restro-bar.The rooms were baic, but clean. The bathroom was good and spacious. The TV have basic channels unless you get the multimedia package (for a fees). The rooms have iron (but no iron board), a coffee maker, but no hair dryer. The only thing missing is the Internet. You need to pay for it if you want to use the Internet from your room (both DSL and wifi). If you dont have a laptop ... the hotel have couple of internet desktops near the reception area.The staff is usually French .... but nice and helpful. Overall the hotel was value for money and I would recommend it if you are looking for a good place to stay at affordable rates.	
Mar 27 2009 	Bed Bugs – Disgusting experience at the Ibis	I stayed a the Ibis hotel on 2nd Feb, I have stayed here before without incident but my experience on that night means I’ll never set foot in any Ibis hotel ever again.After a tiring day on a training course I got to my room and crashed out on the bed until about 9.30pm when I woke up I felt something crawling in my hair. I brushed it with my hand and a small insect fell onto the bed. I crushed it and a lot of blood came out of it (I didn’t know at that time that that was MY blood). Then I felt something else crawling in my hair as I shook my head several more of these insects fell on the bed. I jumped up in disbelief and lifted the pillow to see more of these creatures scurry for cover. I rang reception and told them that I wanted a different room because there was some kind of infestation in my room. They told me that they couldn’t give me another room because they were fully booked. I was pretty insistent with them at this point and they said they’d call me back. Fifteen minutes later reception called me and said someone would be up with another room key. After a while a security man turned up at the door, handed me another room key and demanded the key to the room I was in. I told him I hadn’t packed, so he said just drop it at reception and went to leave. I was pretty amazed that the Manager hadn’t come up. I said to the security man, don’t you even want to see this, he reluctantly came into the room but was quite horrified by the bugs crawling around on the bed. I gathered my belongings pretty much still phased by the experience and got in the lift to my new room. There were a couple of women in the lift and, as you do, you look toward the floor where I thought I noticed something crawling on my scarf. I looked more closely and there were some of these bugs on there. I crushed them, I don’t know if the women noticed but I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me I felt so dirty and grimy.When I got in my new room I took all my clothes and shook them in the shower, and then showered myself – several times.Then I went down to reception to ask to speak to the manager, but had to speak to the duty manager instead.Now this is where it really get’s disturbing. She didn’t act in any way like this was an out-of-the-ordinary event. She said sorry and said that I didn’t have to pay for my room but far from being shocked at my experience acted like it was an everyday matter. I asked to speak to the manager and she said I’d have to come back in the morning.I didn’t sleep much that night, I could still feel those things crawling all over me.I went to reception in the morning and asked to speak to the manger but amazingly he had the same attitude. Apologetic, but not surprised by my experience. He offered me a free weekend at the hotel with my wife!!!! Really! Would you take someone you care about back to that!?I can’t begin to tell you how grimy and disgusting this experience made me feel. I have been unable to write about this until now and even now it is making my skin crawl. To this day whenever I feel a slight itch I look down because I still feel those things crawling on me.I would save yourselves this grim experience.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good value for money	I recently stayed at Ibis London City as I was attending an Event in London. I was traveling on my own and wanted to make sure I felt safe, which I did.I booked through lastminute.com £75. Check-in wasn't until 3pm, however, I arrived early to do some sight seeing. I intended on going into the hotel to see if there was a secure room for my luggage to stay in while I was touring around London (I didn't want to be having to lugg it around with me) however, I was able to check in early which meant I could put it straight into my room.The room was very modern, clean, tidy and spacious good for two people - it was a double room but had a very decent sized bed, queen I think. It contained a LCD TV of a decent size, it costs to watch but you can get access from £1.99 -£5.99 depending on what you are after. Internet through the TV with wireless keyboard was also available from £3 per hour. You could also have the option of accessing the internet from your Laptop for £4.95 per hour or £9.99 for 24 hours.There was also a iPod connection so you could play your music through the TV speakers, I was able to use my mobile as I had the right connection chord, this was good and it didn't cost extra money.There was a full length mirror, and a decent sized wardrobe, along with a desk and bench/lounge with cushion. Tea and Coffee facilities and a telephone with a leaflet about call rates. It was a security card entrance to the room which made it a lot easier to carry around rather than a key. The bathroom had a good size shower and a shampoo/shower gel dispenser. The water pressure was fantastic.The view from the room, well, there wasn't one, it just looked onto the back of other buildings, however, I didn't book here to get a nice view, I booked for comfort, which is what I got. I'm wasn't aware of any outside noise so it was a peaceful sleep, the bed a little hard but fairly comfortable.I found the staff at the reception desk very pleasant and helpful, as was the host in the restaurant for the buffet breakfast. The buffet breakfast was an extra £5.50 on top of the room, however, there was a really good spread, breads, cereals, fruit, yogurts, fruit juices, tea and coffee etc. They even had an option for people who had to leave early, a breakfast served from 4:30am to 6:30am I think.Even though I didn't go to the Restaurant for dinner, the menu was well priced, Starters from £3.75 and a Steak as a main £16. You could also opt for a 2 or 3 course set menu at £11.50 and £15.50 respectively. The children's menu had food such as nuggets and chips and was priced at £5.80 ( I thought that was a bit steep for a child's meal, but as I haven't any children I am not sure what the 'go' is).As I was traveling on my own I wanted to make sure I felt safe and that I was in good hands, the Ibis London City ticked all the boxes for me and I look forward to staying there again.	
Mar 4 2009 	Cheap clean and comfortable	Assuming that when you visit London, all you're really looking for is a relatively affordable, basic place to stay, this will do just fine. The hotel itself is pretty small as are the rooms and the only restaurant is pretty poor. However, as the hotel was just a base it was more than sufficient. located right next to a tube station (aldgate east) with a nice bathroom, clean room, and half-decent tv. 2 of us were there for new year's eve and got an amazing deal! 100 pounds for new year's eve and even less for the night's surrounding it which blew away the competition. Definitely would recommend for a nice, safe, convenient base in London.	
Mar 3 2009 	Hassle free stay in London - absoutely no complaints I will be back !	Took me 3 weeks to find a nice hotel reasonable enough for London as hotels are expensive and after reading previous reviews for the Ibis in L.City all positive I decided to book it for a long w/end with my boyfriend. I can now report back that I agree with all of them - the hotel was gr8 Ibis standards &amp; staff so helpful -got to check in early as the room was ready total bonus as we had an early flight, location only 2 mins walk to Aldgate East Station, which ended up being closed for 2 days which didn't matter much as we used Liverpool St. Station which is approx 8 mins away. Accessible to all sites by the tube 10 min journey or less. There is plenty of bars &amp; restaurants nearby to choose from after sightseeing &amp; a Bar in Hotel. The Double room was spotless and compact for 2 with plenty of storage &amp; and large Power Shower was a bonus. Our room was to the back rather than facing the street so there wasn't a sound. On departure we left our bags with reception to do a spot of shopping as we had a later flight. Can't recommend enough my 1st trip to London in years - hassle free, quiet at night condsidering its size &amp; being fully booked, friendly staff, great location - I will be back.	
Jan 8 2009 	Excellent!	My fiance and I have just returned from a 3 day stay at the Ibis London City and it is probably one of the best hotels we have stayed in, in terms of quality all round. We got it for an excellent rate of just £49 per night, an amazing price really for an inner city london hotel. The nearest tube station is aldgate east, literally a 20 second walk from the hotel entrance (just turn right). We didnt bother with the hotel breakfast as we preferred to eat on the move, theres a great bakery just past the tube station perfect if you just want something light. However the hotel breakfast seems reasonable at £5.50, with a good buffet selection. The room itself was large, clean, and very stylishly decorated. very comfy bed too! Also opted to have a drink in the bar one evening followed by dinner in the french themed restaurant, both excellent with 5 star service from the staff. Would not hesistate to stay at this hotel again!	
Jan 1 2009 	the right choice	A good hotel for London; adequate price to be in zone 1, good cleaniness and helpful staff, as always in Ibis. The Underground station (Aldgate East) is right under the hotel and you can be downtown in 15 minutes. Surroundigs very safe.	
Dec 29 2008 	Very good option	We had a good experience in our stay in Ibis London City. We are not quite in position to compare it with other hotels in London as it was our first visit to this city, but in the general sense everything was smooth: helpful personel, clean nice room (check the pictures), nice breakfast, good location (just in front of the metro stop) and the price seems extremely suitable for London standards. One minor point would the small size of the breakfast hall, but it didn't really annoy us even when it was rather crowded. One useful tip could be avoiding the &quot;late riser's breakfast&quot; as it is simply the remaining stuff from the normal breakfast.	
Dec 25 2008 	Great Hotel!	Our plane arrived at 7:30 am and we arrived at our hotel at 8:30 am. They had a room available so they let us check-in early. We paid £5 per person for the buffet breakfast which was really nice and then went sightseeing. Our room was small but clean. You probably would not want to have more than two people per room. The hotel also has a baggage closet to hold your luggage when you stay there. This was valuable on the day we checked out. We were told the luggage room fills up early so it's better to go ahead and check out in the morning at breakfast and put your luggage in the closet then.The location was excellent, right next to the tube. This hotel is a great value.	
Dec 17 2008 	Fab Place - a no hassle stay	From check in to check out this was a fab place to stay. Really friendly reception staff, chatty and smiley. Easy check in even with large group checking in at same time. Check out the same and excellent left luggage service.The room was a good size with a large comfy bed and a pod style bathroom with a great power shower. Also had an LCD TV with a good range of channels. Tea &amp; coffee making facility available. We found that there was some traffic noise through the night but the hotel is almost on a major road junction, so expected.We booked the hotel well in advance and got a fantastic 3 night long weekend rate of £59.25 a night!! Didn't have breakfast as there is a Wetherspoons about 5 mins walk away. There are places to eat &amp; drink all around the hotel area. Area can seem a bit off the beaten track but you can use Aldgate East, Aldgate, Liverpool St &amp; Tower Hill tube stations all within 15 mins walk. We found getting to all areas of the city easily accessible.We will definitely look to stay here again.Have stayed in a few London hotels but not any as easy going as this one.	
Dec 6 2008 	Average Hotel	Stayed here for 2 days on a business trip and was a little disapppointed overall. The hotel is directly next to Aldgate East tube station on a very busy road which must be near a hospital because the sound of sirens is unavoidable and goes on all night.The rooms are OK, the beds are comfortable and whilst a little unusual, the shower pods are quite good.The food was average, with pretty basic evening meals and a standard continental breakfast. I know this is a French hotel chain, but staying in London I would have expected a hot breakfast but this was not to be.I have recently stayed at a Premier Travell Inn which was superior in almost all respects.	
Nov 26 2008 	Reasonable place to stay in London	I stayed here for one night when attending a conference around the corner in London Metropolitan University.I've stayed in Ibis hotels before &amp; generally regard them as reasonable for a short stay - a bit lacking in character but perfectly adequate.This was fine - room was OK with a rather odd bathroom 'pod' ! I was a bit annoyed by lack of hairdryer which I've come to expect as standard in hotel rooms but not a major issue.The breakfast was a bit basic - I expected a wider choice of continental items for the £5.50 charged.I also used the restuarant in the evening - it advertised itself as a French restuarant &amp; it really was, with many French speaking people using it. Food good &amp; not over expensive.As a (older) woman on my own I found it a good place to stay &amp; though the neighbourhood isn't one I would have chosen but for the proximity of the conference, it was convenient &amp; very near the tube.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good Value	For a 2 star hotel located within the city of London you cant go far better than staying here, the welcome you receive is excellent and the hotel immediately feels warm and comfortable,It is located around the corner from Aldgate East, so quick links to St Pancras, West End, City, Docklands, so a great locationRooms were clean and shower was excellent, sampled the breakfast buffet which considering two days before I paid £14.95 in the holiday inn, £5.50 is a bargain and it is all you can eat.stay here and you will not regret it!!	
Nov 4 2008 	Last place to stay in London	I stayed in this hotel for three nights in August 2008. When I arrived, it appeared that no non-smoking rooms were immediately available, but they promised one starting from the second night. I had to live with it since I was not sure myself whether I had requested one at the time of booking. The next day I was given a non-smoking room which, however, had such a stench of chlorine that I began to wonder whether tobacco smell of my first room was not nicer after all. There was no hairdryer in the room but they were supposed to be available at the front desk. When I asked for one in the evening, it appeared that they were all gone and I was able to get hold of one only the next morning. The towels were different shades of white, yellow and grey and pillow cases had dark stains, so I had to ask to replace them. On one of the days the cleaner merely forgot to replace the towels (she took away those left on the floor but forgot to provide new ones) as well as to wash the cups in the room and to replenish tea bags. I had to ask for that specifically too. At the check-out I was requested to produce the hairdryer which I had naturally left in my room. The explanation to this effect did not help and I had to go back to the fifth floor and return to the reception with the ultimate evidence that I had not packed the hairdryer in my suitcase by accident. On top of everything, when I asked them to store my luggage for several hours until my departure from London (it was one small bag acceptable for cabin luggage), they said that their luggage rooms were full, they absolutely could not put my bag under the reception desk either and they had no other place to put it. They could not do better than suggest to me to walk to the Liverpool Street Station and check it in the luggage room there for 6 pounds. Definitely the last place I will ever stay again in London. OK, it is cheap, but it is worth paying more rather than staying in a dirty stinky hotel with poor service.	
Nov 3 2008 	good value hotel	The hotel is very well placed , being around the corner from Aldgate East tube and a few minutes walk from Aldgate. Staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are not huge but clean and modern with a shower. There are often weekend deals on the price. Its worth exploring the Spitalfields area nearby which is very historic with successive migrations over the past two centuries from Huguenots, Jews and Bangladeshis. The bagels from the all-night Beigel shop on Brick Lane are great. We ate at Kasturi restaurant on Aldgate High Street. which was good. We also ate pizzas at the Story Deli and a vegan meal at the Rootmaster restaurant in an old double-decker, both in the old brewery complex on Brick Lane.	
Nov 1 2008 	Not bad!	This hotel was good for the price. The reception staff were very helpful and accommodating with all my requests and I asked for a room on the quiet side of the hotel which they honoured. There's a lot of building work around the hotel so looks from the outside aren't good but inside the rooms are very spacious, including big egg shaped bathrooms! The room was quiet, the bed was big and although it's right next to Aldgate East tube station I couldn't hear any trains.	
Aug 21 2008 	Good and Close to Metro	I'm used to Ibis Hotel formula, it's practical, clean, and a good breakfast.In this case, the metro station is just across street and the London bridge is really close like 10 min walking.I get a good weekend deal, It was 75£ night, for London with this quality is impossible to find better.	
Aug 18 2008 	exceptionally helpful staff- great value!	I trawled Tripadvisor at length looking for the impossible, a clean, safe, affordable, centrally located hotel where I could bring 5 teenage girls on a birthday celebration weekend. We wanted to shop, sight-see and visit the theatre on a hot august weekend. We arrived in Liverpool St from Stansted and were only one stop away from Aldgate East tube station. The hotel was right next door to the tube station so NO lugging cases. Check-in was smooth and efficient and the birthday girl was wished a happy birthday! Our rooms were side by side, i-pods could be played through speakers, the beds were spacious and comfortable. the capsule bathrooms were funky. Noise did not travel between rooms and a kettle was on hand for a cup of tea. Our requests for extra towels, hair-dryers, taxis were all given promptly with a smile. We ate breakfast both mornings in the restaurant. receptionist had a lovely sunny disposition. Waiting staff here were efficient but in short supply. Breakfast was buffet style and served til midday. the food was plentiful and so fresh. It cost £5.50 and was worth every penny. The evening menu looked attractive but we didn't get to sample it. Our check out was worrying as we had 8 cases and a day's sight-seeing planned. the luggage room was completely full but our receptionist made no fuss about leaving one room available to store our cases til 6pm. On two occasions the girls left valuable personal items in taxis and once again, the fantastic reception staff went to a lot of trouble to assist us and we got both items back. incredible! The bar was inviting looking, not with this group, but they provided me with my much-needed night-cap to bring to the room. priceless.!I got above and beyond what I expected when I booked this hotel, a very pleasant stay.	
Jul 8 2008 	Amazing hotel with pure quality	In June me and my partner stayed in London for a few days,we wanted to stay at this hotel because of its location.The hotel was of a high standed and I must say that I never found anything to complain about,the room was quiet,clean and very inviting.The hotel bar is very welcoming and smart,the whole weekend was enjoyable and we hope to return to this rather pleasant hotel again in the near future.	
Jul 5 2008 	Very average hotel	Location was great - just literally around the corner from Aldgate East station. The whole London city is actually walkable from here if you want to save money not using the tube. Room, however - bathroom smelled of sewerage sometimes when people in other rooms flushed, room was very very basic, and price was a bit high for the basic amenities in the room. Reception staff very helpful. I emailed them after I checked out and got a reply straight away.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel to stay at. Rooms are just the right size (not the British size), clean, modern furniture, bathroom is spotlessly clean, room and bathroom are cleaned on a daily basis. Staff working at the reception are very helpfull (there was a French guy at the time we were at the hotel - very polite). Hotel is within the 1st underground zone, the Aldergate tube station is just around the corner, Brik Lane market is 100 meters from the hotel. Strongly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 9 2008 	Excellent value for money	Stayed at the Ibis for one night only on a Sunday. The hotel was easy to find, right next to a Aldgate East underground station. The adjoining area is not the most glamorous part of London, however it is convenient to the City, safe, and lively enough with bars, pubs and restaurants not far away. A good taste of &quot;real&quot; London! The check-in staff were extremely friendly, welcoming and helpful and gave me a quiet double room at the back of the hotel which was quite large, very clean and cheerfully decorated. Facilities are not luxurious, but it has all that you might need from a quick stopover for tourist or business purposes. Later on had a few drinks at the bar (open 24 hours) and a pretty good dinner for a reasonable price at their French restaurant. About 80% of the staff were French, and guests were a mixture of Portuguese, French and Spanish. All-in-all a great place offering exceptional value for money. I will definitely be making this my accommodation of choice for business trips in the future.	
May 24 2008 	Good hotel great location staff not so good	Clean, nice hotel. Great location, close to Aldagate Eat Tube Station. It is a modern hotel, rooms are clean, well maintain, although the bathroom reminds me of the ones in a cruise ship because they are small. The rooms does not have hair blower, not even a piece of paper to write notes. Breakfast is not so good, cold eggs, cold bread, good coffee and juice. Spanish speaking staff is not so friendly, I call reception for help to make an international phone call and all I get is &quot;I don't know&quot;. I have a problem with an additional night I booked, hotel staff blame the agency and did not help me, last day I have to leave without eating breakfast.	
May 23 2008 	Good clean basic room. Breakfast good value	My wife and I stayed for two nights to go to The Sound of Music.Hotel very accessible, just round the corner from Aldgate East underground station and journey takes about 20 mins to Picadilly Circus.We got a day pass which cost £5.30 and allowed us to travel off peak in Zones 1 and 2. (We started our first journey at 10.00am and ticket could be used all of the remainder of the day.)Room and ensuite shower were basic but clean and practical with tea and coffee making facilities and TV.The buffet breakfast was good. We didn't have a meal in restaurant but had an enjoyable evening drink in the bar. We would return.	
May 10 2008 	My favourite London crash-pad	My partner and I often stay in this hotel and we’ve never had anything but a great experience there.The neighbourhood is a little rough, but we’ve never had any problems or felt unsafe. There’s a local convenience shop just across the road, which is very handy. It’s a short work from the curry houses of Brick Lane and Spitalfield market. The hotel benefits from excellent transport links, with Aldgate East tube station right next door – you can roll out of bed and be in the city in a matter of minutes!The rooms, like are all Ibis rooms, are basic but functional. Rooms don’t have a separate bathroom as such, more of a bathroom ‘pod’ containing a toilet, sink and shower. There’s not a great deal of room in these pods (you can only really have one person in them at a time), so bear that in mind if you are elderly or think that the lack of space may cause you problems.Breakfast is ok, and there’s a nice lounge bar in the lobby if you fancy a nightcap after your adventures in the city. Overall, it’s a good, clean hotel at reasonable price.	
Apr 12 2008 	Nice Hotel	After 14 days of 5 star luxury travel in Egypt I checked in to the Ibis hotel. Check in was quick and easy. I loved the room. Its was very nice, clean. Yes it's small but something about it just felt homey. Bathroom very funny, round cubical, but the shower was big and had some power in it. Not a lot of space to get dressed in it. Overall was great! We had a web deal so we could surf the internet in the evenings after a day out, that was very nice. You can use your own laptop or use the TV for that purpose. The internet crashed during one night and it took the whole day to fix it (we were out so it didn't matter to us) and they did a good job of fixing it, a man checked every room (not a small job) to see if the problem was really fixed. Check out was quick and easy as well, they kept our bags in a locked room for the day.	
Apr 2 2008 	excellent location budget price	Im not going to review the hotel itself as it is a standard Ibis, they are the same the world over - like a French Travel-inn, reasonably priced and everything you need, where it exceeds the other budget travel hotel chains is with the levels and friendliness of service which was superb and efficient, and the price - £69 a night with unlimited internet and movies etc on TV in room for an extra £10 if you wish (standard TV includes Sky 1 and some satelitte channels) and a free paper in the morningNice bar attached to the hotel and a restaurant (didnt eat there so no comment)Nice power shower in compact bathroom, only critisism would be that an extra pillow on the bed would have been nice (probably could have on request) and the bed was possibly a little too firm for my liking but this is personal tastes. Immaculately clean however and fresh towels each dayLocation wise it is superb - next door to Aldgate East tube which is in zone 1 and 5-10 minutes on 2 different tube lines to central london (trains every 2-3 minutes), it is close to Pettycoat and Brick Lane markets, The Gerkin and tower of London. The area was reasonably quiet at the weekend for the centre of London and seemed perfectly safe to walk aroundThere are several decent pubs that also do food in close proximity but the ease of access into the west end meant we didnt really stop near the hotel during our stayI would definately stay again as at this price with such easy access to the city it is probably unbeatableIf you are driving it is on the edge of the congestion zone so be careful, and there was no obvious parking available	
Mar 14 2008 	Traffic noise all night	I spent one nite at the Ibis this week on business.The hotel is fairly close to the city about 15 min walk from the Llyod's building.Its a basic hotel, the check-in was too long because they had mistakenly cancelled my reservation. The restaurant staff were okay but the food was not good.The room was clean, but sparse - it overlooked the main road and there was traffic noise all night.Overall I was not happy.	
Mar 11 2008 	a good crash pad at a reasonable price near city	Pensioner couple spent weekend chose it for location near city and transport. Very handy for tube Not posh but very clean and tidy with helpful staff bar/restaurant/reception spoke english room staff didn't! Room comfortable and well appointed no bath but vg power shower breakfast continental only and not at all bad By london standards vg value for money we booked in advance room@ £65 double. would certainly go again if we wanted to be near relations 10 mins walk away.	
Mar 1 2008 	Excellent value for money!	The three of us, 2 adults and one four year old stayed at the IBIS on the first weekend of december. We arrived at Stansted and took the Xpress train to Liverpool street. This was really convenient because the IBIS is only two stops away by subway to Aldgate East (there are two underground lines here that gave a pretty good coverage of the major areas of London). And from the subway station it was only a few meters to the entrance of the hotel! The hotelroom was excellent: it was clean, had a flat screen tv and was spacious enough for the three of us. It is close to Bricklane with a lot of fine Indian/Bangladesh restaurants. And because our daughter didn't want to go out on the first day after all the traveling and sightseeing, it was convenient there were both a KFC and Burger King in close proximity. And for other shopping there is a supermarket in about 500 meters distance. Although I read in some reviews on Tripadvisor that the neighbourhood felt unsafe, we never had that feeling.The breafkfast buffet was excellent. We also had dinner at the restaurant one night but we were not very impressed by the quality.There was an &quot; interesting event&quot;: there was a serious power failure and the manament evacuated the whole building. Nobody wants to stand outside a hotel on sunday morning but the way the evacuation was handled gave a good feeling about what would happen if there would be a serious emergency. We paid EUR 115 per night for three persons including breakfast and consider this a bargain during X-mas Season in London. Because of the excellent value for money, next time when we travel to London for touristic purposes, we 'll definitely return to the IBIS hotel again!	
Feb 22 2008 	Value for money	In the city-financial district, right on the side of a metro station, the Ibis is an excellent option if you have no problem in using the tube. It's not really at walking distance from Picadilly Circus or Covent Garden but one gets there in 10-15 min by tube and at abt 80 pounds per night (weekend rate) it's dificult to get better in London (for a similar 3*** hotel). Very clean and friendly. Will return for sure.	
Jan 28 2008 	A good place to stay for tourism	In our first trip to London, we (my fiancé and I) chose Ibis London City Hotel because of its proximity to an Underground Station.- The LocationThe hotel is located really near Aldgate East Underground Station (about 1 minute by walking!). Tourists can visit all the main attractions of London using &quot;The Tube&quot; and spending £ 5.3 for a 1-Day TravelCard (Zones 1 and 2) which can also be used on the buses.- The neighborhoodThe streets near the hotel are not exactly beautiful sights. The near main streets (Whitechapel and Mansell) revealed to be safe for walking even during the late night. We didn’t have any problems but we think it’s better avoid some side streets and underpasses during the night.There are some little markets where you can buy chocolate, soft drinks, snacks and other things they don’t sell at the hotel.- The breakfastThe same breakfast is served everyday: Some different types of bread, croissants, cereals, juices, coffee (from coffee machines) and fruits. Everything is very clean and the girl who receives the guests at the door of the restaurant is very kind.- The staffEveryone was really considerate, especially a girl, two French guys (one of them is the manager) and a Spanish guy who work at the reception during the day, and also, a blonde guy wearing glasses who works at the reception during the night. The only exception was one guy who works during the evening and who cannot understand what you really want but… Anyway!!The cleaning staff is very efficient and well-organized.Don’t expect them to smile or laugh because everyone seems to be very serious during the worktime in London!!- The barIt’s a very good place to take that “last pint of the night” or eat a sandwich before going to bed.- The roomWe stayed in a double bed room and what we can say is that it is good. Not really a big room but enough to sleep or just take a break and watch some TV. There are about ten free channels available and some charged movies.The in-room internet connection is charged separately and the speed is so-so…- ConclusionThe price is good if you come to London for tourism or business. Not a great place to enjoy the best special moments of your life.	
Jan 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I stayed in the London City Ibis with my partner on a friday night taking a double smoking room, we were going clubbing so needed somewhere quite central and not too expensive. The room was £69 and the cheapest deal we could find so we were both quite worried as to what we would find! We normally prefer to pay more for peace of mind and luxury, but due to budget had to find a cheap alternative. The hotel was very easy to walk to from London Liverpool st and we were greeted by lovely friendly staff at check in. The room was bright, modern, clean, with plenty of space, exactly like the picture on the internet. There was tea and coffee, plenty of towels, excellent TV, with a choice of films and internet connection and a lovely view from our window over the city. The shower was quite small, with plenty of hot water and the room was very warm. The only thing to mention as a negative would be as the room was so warm we kept the window open slightly and there were noisy road works in the morning, this didnt bother us but may do an older guest. There are no shower gells, shampoo or a hairdryer provided which was a bit of a pain. The restaurant was fantastic and excellent value for money ( the cheese board was better than alot ive had in very expensive places!) After our meal the staff called a taxi for us, and in general nothing was too much trouble. I would like to add we arrived back at 2am with a bottle of wine, rather worse for wear and the porter even opened our wine for us to take back to our room with ice! There are also snacks such as paninis available 24hours which was very handy! The fact that check out is 12 was great for us, and the continental breakfast was still going when we arrived in the restaurant at 11.30,and i have to say it was lovely, all very fresh with a wide choice.  Overall the quality of this hotel is outstanding, because of the price we didnt expect much so were very surprised, i would reccomend this to all ages. The main positives are location, cleanliness, staff and restaurant/bar	
Jan 2 2008 	Excellent Value for Money	We stayed at the Ibis for two nights over New Year and felt we had received excellent value for money in a London hotel at peak time. Whilst not being central to key tourist hotspots the hotel is very close to Aldgate East tube station and bus stops that go to all parts of the city. It is within yards of the Brick Lane curry houses and near to the river and Petticoat Lane/Spitalfields markets. As for the hotel itself, rooms were spotless and more than adequate for our needs. We had not booked breakfast but when we saw the quality and choice of food on offer decided to take it and pay on the morning. Considering we ate on New Year's Day it was an excellent spread - a very fresh and tasty continental that included fruit / cereals, ham, turkey, cheese, eggs, croissants, pastries, preserves and a wide range of drinks.All in all we would thoroughly recommend the Ibis City in what can be a very expensive city when it comes to hotels.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great hotel but near sketchy neighborhood	This is a good hotel. Staff is very helpful. Room is a good size for London and for the price. Both room and bathroom were clean and the hotel has a nice overall appearance inside. Lifts for each floor so you don't have to haul luggage up the stairs. A plus in London! The entrance is just around the corner from the Algate East tube (underground train) stop on the District (green) line. That is very nice. However, the hotel is on the &quot;edge&quot; has far as neighborhood. It is close to the tower bridge and a really nice section of London but it is about a block into a sketchy part of town. I kept my after dark walking in the neighborhood to a minimum. There is some construction going on next door which was a bit loud during the day but no problem at night.	
Dec 14 2007 	good budget hotel	Stayed at the Ibis london city hotel for 2 nights. Excellent location- right next to Aldgate East tube station. Near brick lane- good for indian restaurants. At the moment there is building work going on right next to the hotel. The hotel does warn you of this when you check in- that there will be construction work from 8am-6pm but we found that work started around 7am. this didn't really bother us because we were planning on getting up and out in the morning anyway.The room and bathroom were clean. did have to ask reception for items a number of times, but all requests were dealt with. This was for extra pillows and towels since only 1 set was provided and on the second day of our stay the housekeepers had taken our towels but not replaced them with clean ones.If you book on the internet it can be misleading as we thought breakfast would be included but this is actually extra.The only major problem we had was trying to leave our luggage there during the day when we checked out. We were not leaving london until the evening and so wanted to leave our baggage at the hotel during the day whilst we were out. However, when we checked out, the receptionist told us we couldn't do that and made a reference to an incident 'last week' which meant we couldn't leave our bags there. It wasn't until I made a fuss and asked to speak to the manager that he allowed us to leave our bags there. And when we put our bags behind reception, there were other bags there!Overall- a clean budget hotel in central london. I would check that certain facilities are available before staying there again.	
Dec 12 2007 	Best Budget Hotel for the City of London	This is the best budget hotel within walking distance of the City of London. The hotel is very well run, with professional staff, well maintained and good amenities.One thing to watch, although close to the City, travellers should be cautious about personal security in the area immediately around the hotel. I've not had any problems in over 20 stays, but there are some underpasses and side streets best avoided alone at night. Having said that there is a tube station within yards and there is easy access to taxis, so if you use these you will be fine.The food in the hotel isn't fantastic, and you woldn't expect anything different from an Ibis, but does the job if you don;t have the time or inclination to venture out.	
Dec 4 2007 	good location for Spitalfield and Petticoat lane Markets	I stayed for 3 nights in november. First of all if you arrived at Aldgate east station, take the exit to your right towards Petticoat lane ,there are few steps then turn left again past a building site, hotel is just on the left opposite Sportec. If you take the left exit, hotel will be across 2 busy roads. Check in was fast, room as they all said was clean and large enough for two of us. The power shower was a great success, there is a shampoo/soap dispenser on the wall. I was on the first floor and most rooms were vacant, I did not mind the noise from traffic and the building site but the staff store room and lift was right next door and the noise from there every morning around 7am to 9am was very annoying, sounded like drawers opening and closing, doors slamming and a lot of banging. I would not have stayed more than 3 nights. Friendly staff in the restaurant and bar though. If you borow a hairdryer from reception, they charge £10 which is added to your account, make sure they refund it when you return the dryer.	
Nov 20 2007	Great Hotel	Great hotel. The rooms are very clean and spacious. Flat screen TV's which also connect to the interent - very cool. We arrived at midnight and the bar was very busy but upstairs in our room was very quiet. Breakfast was amazing - I would come back just for the breakfast!	
Nov 10 2007 	Location and friendliness	I have stayed in this hotel in October 2005 so there could have been some slight changes since... I have stayed there for 2 nights after getting a pretty good Eurostar + Hotel deal. I was really pleased with the experience.This was my first visit to London as a &quot;real&quot; tourist (I have lived in London for 3 years and went back to my home country). My aim was to find a cheap place to stay, with a good location. I got what I expected.This hotel isn't actually super central but it is just a 10 minutes Tube ride to Oxford Circus and Piccadilly. I think it's nice to go back to a quieter area to spend the night after a long and busy day shopping in the heart of the City!Staff were pleasant and friendly. Most of them were French and you could really feel the French vibe (I'm French myself so I wasn't too mad about it). But they definitely spoke good English.Room was quite nice. The view was so-so but the rest was fine. Spotlessly clean, the shower was big enough for my tall self (I'm 6'4). Beds comfortable, chamberladies saying hello when you walked past them in the morning, nice and quiet breakfast with all sorts of mini croissants and a good general atmosphere.Went to the Bar on the second night to enjoy a beer while watching football on the screen. The bartender was more than friendly and not just because I was French and him too ; he was friendly to everyone.This weekend in London was a great experience and this hotel definitely made it even better! Much recommended for tight budgets.	
Oct 31 2007 	A clean place to sleep	This hotel has a great location and is very clean. It sits on top of the Aldergate East Underground station. The staff was rude and the amenities were terrible. According to the front desk there was only one hairdryer for the entire hotel! The pillows for very hard to sleep on. The bathrooms were exactly like one you would find on a cruise ship cabin. Overall, its a cheap place to sleep and a great place for location but I would not stay there again because of the staff.	
Oct 24 2007 	Practical 	We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our Europe trip in September 2007.The location is very handy with the tube just around the corner and a lot of things within easy walking-distance.Like all Ibis hotel rooms, you get what you pay for and what you really need, i.e. a bed, a shower, a TV and some space to put your stuff. Everything was clean and the hotel has a friendlier atmosphere than similar properties somewhere else in central London.The restaurant had a very nice, decently priced menu and the food was good.Should you find yourself needing accommodation in this part of London this Ibis hotel is a good bet.	
Oct 23 2007	Excellent choice in London	My partner and I stay here whenever we go to London. Its easy to find (right by Aldgate east Tube), and very handy for Hoxton, Brick Lane, Shoreditch, Columbia market etc.It's a busy chain hotel, so it's a bit impersonal, but the facilities are good, its very clean, and rooms are good. Recommended.	
Oct 20 2007 	Clean and great location for the price	Ibis London city was good quality for the price and location in London. Room was basic but immaculately clean and literally around the corner from Aldgate East tube station. Staff were helpful and breakfast was adequate. Within walking distance of London Tower.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good functional hotel - very clean but soulless	This hotel seems very modern and has certainly been built as an ultra-functional enterprise. e.g. easy to clean bathrooms, simple furnishings, minimal decoration. This makes it glaringly obvious that the hotel is run just for the money (heh- aren't they all of course, but you don't necessarily wish to feel like just another number in a room). The corridors of rooms are particularly clinical - like rows of cells in a modern prison! I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a clean, modern hotel and for just a base from which to explore London. You won't want to spend hours in this hotel and the immediate area is pretty rough and unattractive. But it is conveniently placed right next to Aldgate East tube and it is a short walk into the financial district of the City. I would not recommend this hotel if you are on holiday to enjoy London as a tourist (go and stay somewhere in the West of the city) but if you have to be in this particular area, I can't imagine that you could do much better. Don't bother with the breakfast. It is very basic, continental only and the coffee is AWFUL! This side of the hotel let things down for me. Staff were helpful. They only supply one pillow and one towel per person, which is rarely enough, but they will happily give you extras if you ask. I stayed on the 9th (out of 10) floor and it was relatively quiet. Very little noise from outside, especially if you kept the window shut. There did not appear to be many restaurants in the immediate area but I did not explore very far.On the whole you could do a lot worse than this hotel. I thought it was quite expensive, but then London hotels always are.	
Oct 14 2007 	We loved it!!	Very good!!Great hotel!!Good location,and excelent breakfast !!!	
Sep 21 2007 	Good Value	Booked via IBIS own website after reviewing comments on Travelcity website.Stayed for 5 nights Sept 2007 on 7th floor. Check in very swift but there is a minor language barrier as the staff are all French but it was not too difficult to overcome. I would agree with previous comment, it is best to pay at check in as the desk becomes very busy at times wth long queues, although the staff are efficient.Room is just big enough, and the one outstanding feature being that it was very clean and kept that way throughout our stay. Hair dryers were not provided in every room so you had to hope one was available at the desk when requested. If you asked the desk staff for something it was given or delivered to your room quickly, ie we needed extra coat hangers, towels, tea and milk.Shower, toilet &amp; wash basin are was an integral plastic unit which was suitable and functional although not much space to leave any toiletries anywhere.Flat screen TV in each room with good reception. No noise from adjacent rooms (good solid walls). Room wardrobe was not very big and there are no drawer units to put clothes in.Hotel is situated next door to Aldgate East station and was a 5 min walk to Aldgate bus station and tube station. It was also 10 mins for Liverpool St station. Good eating places were situated round about the area. We did not try the restaurant at the IBIS.Good value overall especially as most other places were more expensive. Room not really suitable to relax in but we spent nearly all our time touring London so did not need this. Bar was noisy at times so again not a good area to relax. Overall a good experience.	
Sep 21 2007 	What a gem what a price	Stayed one night with my 10year old, who had a late hospital apptHaving lived locally until recently we thought we'd try this place as trip advisor had good comments.Must say staff where very good and greated us warmly, rooms were clean tidy and strangely quiet for being in middle of noisy London. Restaurant was excellent with good specials and wine resonably priced for a hotel bar. Restaurant was very busy at 8am in morning and did'nt really like queing for breakfast like at school.But would definately go there every time have hospital appointments.	
Sep 20 2007 	Great value for money	We stayed here for a long weekend, having booked through the hotel's website. There is a special weekend low rate if you stay for three nights over the weekend (£51 a night over the weekend) which we thought was excellent value for money, especially in London. The hotel has a nice reception area with a bar and restaurant. We had breakfast in the restaurant (at an additional charge) one morning- it was a good continental style selection.The room itself was not luxurious but more than adequate and again great for the price we paid. It was cleaned every day and had a big comfy bed and flat screen TV. I've read a couple of comments on trip advisor which said the hotel wasn't in a good location but I disagree with that. Its right next door to Aldgate East underground station, so right in the City and within walkable distance to the Tower of London. Its also on the same street at Spitalfields Market (def worth a look on a Sunday morning) so is just down the street from some nice bars and restaurants. In addition its a stone's throw from Brick Lane. My only complaint would be that despite the total cost of our stay being just a little over £200, they reception staff pre-authorised £400 on my card (and this was despite me saying we were happy to pay the whole cost of our stay up front) which seems a little excessive.I would definitely stay here again and would consider other Ibis hotels if going elsewhere.	
Sep 4 2007 	One of the best hotels in London	I'm in London once a month or so, and this hotel is my favorite. The price is fair, the location is quite good, the rooms are clean.Check-in and check-out can be a problem if you get here or want to leave at peak hours (especially since they don't generate the bills before 3am - so no early check-out/express bill), the staff turn over seems high (I always see new faces) and they seem to still work a lot with paper... not very efficient.The area is quite noisy, so make sure you get a room on the back of the building.	
Aug 30 2007 	Disappointment	This is the most centrally located London hotel below 100 GBP with relatively good Tripadvisor reviews.Though, I was disappointed due to a number of reasons. 1. The room was cold and windy - heating switched off, untight window, draught from ventilation outlet. The room temperature was about 18 C. I asked to change the room for the second night and the second one was better, not warm though. 2. There are only 3 towels in a double room. We had to pick up an extra towel from the reception (no room delivery) - it was dirty! The room, however, was clean except a dark stain on the carpet. 3. There was no Wi-fi internet access in the room, contrary to what is stated on the web site. In the lobby the Orange network was accessible which one could use for an extra fee. The wired access in the room is provided for a fee as well (sort of 6 GBP per hour)4. Location is far from being great. Aldgate East station which is around the corner is the last station in Zone 1 with two tube lines, and trains come not as often as in other central lines. There is very limited bus connection to the central districts - you will probably have to go to Liverpool street (about 10 minute walk) to have a variety of bus routes. The view from the room is rather dull as well. 5. On check-in my credit card was pre-authorized for 200 pounds, though my booking was for 174 pounds. This is what they usually do at other hotels, but here I was additionally offered to SIGN a check for the amount EXCEEDING the booking. The staff promised to cancel the pre-authorization on check-out. The only reason for them to do this, as I can imagine, is to make chargeback virtually impossible if something goes wrong. Resume: there are much better hotels for about the same price.	
Jul 20 2007 	good value not streached london prices	hi we stayed for 2 nights in june sat and sun nights. not 4 star but as for value for money it was first class compared to other hotels with london prices. clean tidy rooms good location next to tube. braekfast was good with good service. nice bar area and nice snacks/meals. we will be staying here again, one small point check out was a bit slow but a good 8 out of 10	
Jul 9 2007 	Good budget hotel	We stayed in the Ibis London city for two nights in June. The hotel itself is new and the rooms are spacious and well-equipped. There is no free internet access but wired internet is available at extra cost. The room itself was clean and furnishings were acceptable. I booked through Ibis' website and there were no issues during check-in or check-out. You can leave your bags at reception if needed. The staff are mostly foreign, so I wouldn't rely on them for detailed local area information.The hotel is not in a great area of London - it is in east London right next to the Aldgate East underground station. We did not feel unsafe at any time, but there certainly are better areas to stay in. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the Tower of London and London bridge, and is still in Zone 1 which means travelcards are still cheap-ish. That said, public transport in London is expensive - depending on the distance you need to travel and your group size, a taxi may be cheaper. (As an example, a taxi fare from Waterloo to the hotel was just under 10 pounds while 2 underground tickets would have been 8 pounds). If you're travelling from Heathrow, bear in mind that you'll need to cross London to get to the hotel - try to avoid doing this during rush hour if you're carrying big bags.Overall, this was a good budget hotel, but I wouldn't pay more than 100 pounds per night to stay here.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good central location good public transport	I stayed at IBIS London City for 3 nights, booking on their own website taking advantage of the 3 night deal, save 25%. The hotel is located next to Aldgate East underground station which makes it ideal for getting around London. It is also about 10 minutes walk from London Liverpool Street mainline station.The reviews on this hotel on Tripadvisor are mixed and I share some of the observations. The hotel is very clean and modern decor and fitting offer an attractive ambience, the rooms are well maintained too. The room has a integrated bathroom, in the sence its a plastic prefabricated design but has a good quality large shower, loo and sink - everything you need. There is an LCD TV with all five channels, plus bbc news, sky 1, a couple of radio stations and german, french and spanish channels. The TV also has a cable for you to hook up to your network port on a laptop.I had a room on the 9th floor overlooking the Gherkin, I had asked for a quiet room and for 2 out of the 3 nights its was quiet no sirens nothing. The problem was the Saturday night, even though I returned around 2am, the noise from the street level night club was thumping to quite some extreme.My impression of housekeeping was very good, I didnt leave my room until around 11 each morning, having the do not disturb out. Dispite this the team of maids always returned and serviced the room, not just left it - even though the next check in was due.Check in was swift and easy, however my check out on the monday mid morning was tiresome. The hotel obviously attracts many visitors from overseas, but there is no order to the front desk when busy. The various languages spoken all at once by guests and desk staff mean groups of people end up confused and people are served out of turn. I would advise paying up front when you check in to save the bother. I didnt eat in the hotel, but the restaurant and bar looked ok.	
Jun 26 2007 	Great Location	This place was very affordable, centrally located, and comfortable. If you are there for a luxury look some place else, but if you need a comfy place to rest your head, and nice staff it is a good choice.	
Jun 26 2007 	Good Location but not so friendly staff	Have been trying to find a reasonably priced room in London and read about all the good reviews about the Ibis. So there we were in Ibis London City in June for our short holi before our work commence in France a week later. The place is good as the tube is just beside the hotel. The room is functional and as some of the traveller mentioned it is smallish. If you are a light sleeper then the occasional ambulance sirens may wake you up. We have no problem as we walked a lot in the day and must have tired ourselves. We have no problem with the aircon cos the weather is considerably cool but it may be quite irritating the air may get quite stale. I agreed with some of the reviews that the front desk staff were not so good. Also, do not use the broadband as the speed is not reliable. I would suggest to use the ground floor public internet access.	
Jun 19 2007 	Price hard to beat	My sister and I stayed here in May 2007 and have only good things to say. We took advantage of the 3-night weekend stay deal for 48 GBP. I have never seen any accommodation that cheap in London. 24 GBP per person a night is practically unbeatable, even for a really rundown place. Imagine our surprise when we arrived and discovered that our room was spacious, with a king-size bed, cable TV and very clean facilities. We couldn't have asked for anything better! What a fantastic deal. AND, it was right around the corner from the Aldgate East tube station which took us everywhere we needed to go. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jun 8 2007 	bad ventilation / cooling - beware during summer bring earplugs	This hotel isn't a bad budget option for cental london. Check-in is a bit chaotic, the staff seem to indicate for you to come forward to get processed then bark at you to tell you that they haven't finished with the previous client yet. Maybe a roped off section where people could line up properly wouldn't be such a bad idea?The rooms themselves are student halls chic - a pod shower room dropped into one corner, and more mdf than you can shake a stick at. The bed was quite firm, i think largely as it was a matress on a block of concrete, but that's fine with me, i like a firm bed. The real issue with this place is the ventilation. There appears to be air con as there is a setting on the wall and a temperature control. However, it doesn't operate at night - i called down to reception and they told me it wasn't air con, but air-cooling and that I'd have to open the window. If you know Aldgate East then you'll realise that its right next to the City Hospital where the air ambulance service operates out of, so you have sirens and traffic noise all night. BRING YOUR EARPLUGS as you will need the window open in summer. Bizarrely, come 9AM the morning, the air con unit in my room was blowing chilly air again at full blast. I suspect that Accor just turn the air-con off at night to savve money and the reasoning I was given by the night manager was just fabricated. Ibis claim that if you're not satisfied with their response to a problem within 15 minutes, you don't pay for the room - well, I wasn't satisfied sleeping in a bake house or sleeping with the window wide open to Commercial Street traffic, but no one from the hotel made any mention of this promise. Functional, noisy, too hot, but reasonably priced given its centrality.	
May 11 2007 	Perfect	We stayed here in April and I have nothing but praise. I took quite a while choosing the hotel from reading such reviews as this, but quite simply it was....A: Incredibly clean, modern and comfortableB: The staff were all incredibly helpful and friendlyC: In a good locationPersonally I dont want much more from a hotel. The only thing i'd say is find out before, or ask the hotel, for somewhere to eat, as we could only find Indian restaurants for about an hour of walking!The hotel has a nice bar and restaurant howeverOverall, definitely recommend the hotel	
Apr 23 2007 	Be careful....be very very careful!	We were looking for a hotel in the City of London for the night before the London Marathon. When we found a room at this hotel at £75 we were pleased, and booked on Accor's own website.When we arrived, we found the usual price of the room for that night was £65. It said this on a notice at the Desk, and also on the card on the back of the door in our room. Nowhere did it say that special rates applied for that night. I also checked the Ibis guide in our room, and although the guide does say room prices may be changed without notice, as far as we could see, if we had turned up on the day, rather than giving advance notice, we would have saved £10.Now, the hotel was everything it should be. Everywhere was sparkling clean and new. The staff were very pleasant. There is an Underground station just around the corner, a car park just outside the congestion zone, taxis pass the door...what more could you want?Well, it would have been nice if we had not ended up with a very sour taste in our mouths. If it says £65 in the book, at the desk, in your room, it doesn't feel good if you have to pay £10 more. If we had booked through an agency, we would have just shrugged, but I do think the hotel's own site could make it clear that they were asking a higher price than usual. It is not a nice feeling when it appears that someone who walks in at the last minute will get a better price than the person who books in advance. Before booking an Ibis hotel in the future we will ask a lot more questions.....	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Budget Hotel on East End	We stayed here in April 2007 for a few days. The hotel is in a great location near Tower Bridge, Brick Lane, Southbank and other East End attractions. Located right next to a tube station and within walking distance to great sights/dining, this budget hotel delivered more than expected; A clean, spacious room, helpful staff and great price. It is a no-frills room, so it's best for a trip where you intend to spend your time out and about rather than in the room. Room did have nice bathroom, LCD TV and enough room for two adults to stay comfortably. I'd easily stay again on future trips.	
Apr 12 2007 	Nice hotel chaotic breakfast!	We were 4 adults staying in this hotel, and took advantage of the 3-night stay at unbeatable 48 GBP per night.Hotel was easy to find, just 30 meters around the corner from the tube station Aldgate East, very convenient. Taxi from Oxford Street cost us about 16 GBP one night. Nice and welcoming staff, internet in lobby and free newspapers.Rooms were very clean with enough space. Bathroom was spotless. TV and internet available. Breakfast however, was rather chaotic. We stayed in the Easter weekend and the hotel seemed fully booked. Loooong waiting line and they seemed to run out of everything while people served themselves, and the staff had to replace constantly. We complained and they were nice enough to remove the breakfast from the bill(about 5 GBP). Next morning we had breakfast at a small place nearby instead, solid english breakfast for only 3,30 which can be highly recommended.The bar and restaurant was good. Nearby is a nice traditional english pub, and there is also a small grocery store nearby where you can buy some snacks or beverages for the night.Would definately stay here again for this price, but I'll have my breakfast another place.	
Apr 8 2007	My stay at your Hotel	I stayed at The London City Ibis in March 2007 and would like to share my experiences with other people. On entering the Hotel to leaving the Hotel it was a very pleasurable stay. The room was very spacious and very clean. The en-suite was very spacious and the shower was great. The staff were very friendly smart, helpful. I would definatly book to go again. Sandra Longstaff	
Apr 2 2007 	first time in london	it was our first trip to London. and will not be our last Great hotelgood location. for the tube.it was just round the corner. The staff could not have being more helpful. the tower of London was just down the road about one mile. we are coming back to London again next year and we will stop at this hotel. The rooms were very clean and tidy.	
Mar 29 2007 	Decent Affordable Hotel	I stayed at the Ibis London City for two nights in March and, overall, was pleased with my stay. It is conveniently located next to a tube stop, and is not far from St. Paul's and the Tower of London. My room was very clean and well-kept. Though amenities were sparse (no mini-bar, only one towel per person, etc.), I felt I had everything I needed for a short visit. My friend and I paid about $200 total for our 2-night stay, breakfast included. This was, by far, the best deal I found for hotels in the heart of London, and I did my fair share of research. At the Ibis, you get what you pay for. There are no luxuries, but it was much nicer than staying at a hostel or a privately-run &quot;budget&quot; hotel (which can be hit-or-miss).Our double room was fairly large, and the bathroom had very modern fixtures. I was impressed with the water pressure in the shower -- better than most American hotels! There was plenty of room for our suitcases (and I had been coming from a longer stay in the UK, so I had lots of stuff!). Maybe it was my exhaustion after nonstop sightseeing, but I found the bed to be very comfortable. The breakfast was a lovely continental spread, with plenty of rolls, croissants, bread, muffins, cereal, fruit, yogurt, and beverages. Well worth the money spent. We also dined at the in-hotel restaurant for supper, which was quite delicious, convenient, and affordably priced.The one complaint I have concerns the front-desk staff. Most of the people working at the front desk did not speak English very well, which proved to be a problem when checking in and later getting directions. I had to repeat my name over and over again until finally, I had to write down my name for the guy in order for him to understand it (and it's a very common American/English/Irish name). The next day, when we asked for directions to the nearest Catholic church, another reception clerk looked at us like we had three heads. We asked again, and he pointed in some direction, saying, &quot;I think there's one down that way.&quot; This was not very helpful! But the staff was friendly enough and usually figured out what we were saying eventually. It's just something to prepare yourself for when checking in!Overall, it was a decent place to stay and I would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 3 2007 	very convenient	I stayed at this location for business in the middle of February and found it to be very convenient to the City and just a short walk to Lloyd's. The bus stop is just outside the front door and the Aldgate tube station is just around the corner. The room was small by American standards, but about right for UK hotels. It was clean and quiet with reliable high speed internet. The daily internet cost was pds 9.95 which seemed high especially since there was no weekly rate available. The continental breakfast was of good quality and reasonably priced. The french restaurant and pub off the lobby were usually filled, although I did not try either. There were too many good bangladeshi restaurants on Brick Lane two blocks away. I will stay here again.	
Feb 28 2007 	good location nice and clean	We were very happy with this hotel.the bed was a little hard, but we slept fine. The shower was great, lots of power and nice and warm. The hotel was clean and the personnel friendly, although hard to understand sometimes. The breakfast was great,nice croissants. On a limited budget, this is what i expect, a clean room, a good shower, and right next to the underground. next time ill definitely stay here again, because the hotel is only 50 meters from the subway, only the subway travel time stands between you and any location in London. 8/10	
Feb 27 2007 	Nice hotel with good cuisine	Stayed there for a week during business trip. Location is not very central, but convenient for those going to ExCel exhibition venue. The hotel is very close to undeground from which it is easy to get to any point of the city. In walking distance - The Tower and Tower Bridge.The hotel was recently opened and interiors are quite modern and good looking - in lobbies as well as in rooms. Simple, but comfortable and modern looking. Rooms are not so big, but not very small (especially for London hotels).The hotel has a restaurant on the ground floor which features good cuisine - french, as long as the hotel belongs to French hotel chain Accor.The staff speak English (of course :-) ) and also French - they are quite friendly and helpful.In the hotel there are wi-fi available in rooms (may be not on all floors, so it's better to ask at the reception beforehand).In whole, the hotel worth its money quite much. I would prefer to stay there again during my next trip to London.	
Feb 27 2007	Clean 	I booked this hotel about 2 weeks before arrival at a cost of £55 for a double room, no breakfast. Breakfast was available at £5.25 p/p.Hotel is located round the corner from Aldgate East tube (Hammersmith &amp; City line) station and about 15 minutes walk to Liverpool street station, fenchurch street station and tower hill and tower gateway stations.Entrance, lobby, bar and restaurant are very well presented and staff attend to you friendly and quick.Room was large enough with double bed, flat screen tv, internet, radio, movies at additional costs. bathroom was set in the corner and had wooden flooring and a very powerfull walk in shower which was great. I didn't see a hairdryer though.Our room only had the view of another buildings roof! BUT it was quiet and away from the busy traffic at the front.bed was comfortable and sheets seemed new although we only had one flattish pillow each which left us with stiff necks the next morning.I would recommend this hotel to anyone on both business and pleasure.	
Feb 26 2007 	Just fair enough but very uncomfortable bed	We booked this hotel based on the generally good reviews that it has. But I have to say that we are disappointed. The main problem was the bed. We have never slept in such a hard bed. We woke up every day with a terrible back pain, and we are not old people. Otherwise the hotel was OK: the facilities were clean and the hotel itself was quite new. But I mean exactly OK, nothing above that, because the furniture was the typical Ibis quality (plastic), there were not toiletries, no hairdryer, no minibar and the rooms were small. If this hotel had been located in a cheaper city I would say that the price was a rip-off. But it's in London and everything is incredibly expensive, so this is what you can get with a limited budget. The location is not exactly great but it's really close to the tube, which is one of the strong points of the hotel.Anyway, when we come back to London we are not going to stay there again. I don't like to spend my holidays complaining about my back. Without the bed problem, I would rate it as &quot;three&quot; but taking into account the bed I can only rate it as &quot;two&quot;.	
Feb 21 2007	Good enough	Standard Ibis fare but the whole hotel is spotless, everything is modern and in excellent condition, check-in was quick, efficient and friendly. The rooms are big enough for a short stay, with an adequate bathroom, good TV and tea/coffe making facilities. The downside was the hardest bed I have ever slept on (or rather not slept on) and the view over a run down tower block. Let's not kid ourselves, this is not the best part of town, the City stops several blocks away and the hotel is really over the border into a run down part of the East End. It's not any more unsafe than any other part of London so long as you should take the usual precautions. I enjoyed my evening walks up Brick Lane and to Spitalfield Market and having the subway station right on the doorstep was a real plus for getting in and out of the West End and City without having to pay Central London hotel prices. I enjoyed my stay, it's a good value hotel, but I can't forgive the hard bed. For less money I can get a sweet, soft Hilton bed in West London if I book early enough. Not so interesting an area or as convenient for transport but at least I'll sleep which is surely the point of any hotel room.	
Feb 20 2007 	Nice hotel good location and very good price!	Room:- Clean and comfortable. Had en-suite, flat screen TV (with internet access).Location:- Less than a minutes walk to Aldgate East tube station, and bus stop right outside. Easy walk to tower brige/tower of london. Could possibly walk to town, however after a few drinks, we preffered the idea of a taxi - which only cost £10 from the city centre.Facilities:- 24 hour reception with kind and helpful staff. Restaurant is open until 11pm (last orders 10.30), and bar stays open until 1am (snacks available in bar also until 1am).Overall, was a good weekend - would definately recommend this hotel and would stay again for future visits.	
Feb 19 2007	Great stay but what about the air cooling system???	This was our second stay in this hotel. The location is great. The tube station is just a few steps away and it's only one stop from the Tower of London. My first stay was good, but I learned a few things for my second trip. The hotel is right next to the street and the air cooling system is well I am not sure what that thing is there for! The first time we went was June and we wanted to open our window because it was hot but it was not hot enough for the hotel to turn on the air cooling system. (Not to be mistaken for a air condition!) So we opened our window and just could not sleep from all the traffic noise. So we really did not get much sleep. Other than that the hotel is great. The atmosphere is nice and the staff is very nice. And it was clean!!! So we decided to give it a second try. We asked for a hotel room away from the street and we had no problems! Since it was February it was cool. Over all we like the local and the hotel is a good bargin.	
Feb 12 2007	Value for money	This hotel was great value for money. It cost £146 for three nights (Hotel website weekend deal), which is a fantastic rate for London. I stayed with my 13 year old son and we had a family room with a kingsize bed and single bed. The room was very clean and spacious and had TV with pay movies (£5.99). The breakfast was continental only but at £5 was excellent value. My son did not have to pay anything for his. Whilst slightly out of the way, the hotel was next door to Aldgate east tube. It was around 15/20 mins by tube to Westminster/Piccadilly/Oxford Street.The only negative for me was that the area surrounding the hotel was not great but it certainly felt safe. I was on the second floor and I could hear traffic at times. It seemed to be a busy place for Ambulance/police/fire engines to go by. Good nights sleep in general though.I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Save your money on the hotel and spend it in London instead!	
Feb 11 2007	Fine for business trips. Would stay again.	With a few exceptions, once you've stayed at an Ibis hotel you pretty much know what's in store when you book another. When I woke up I swear it could have been Sheffield Ibis, Glasgow or Ghent - the pictures on the wall even appeared to be the same.The staff were welcoming enough, although there were a few initial language barriers. An earlier review said that the cleaning staff were friendlier than reception staff, I tend to agree.I stayed on business at the Ibis City of London (£89 per night satifsfying my employer's stingy budget). The hotel is well located for the tube. Aldgate East station is literally next door, giving you access to the Hammersmith &amp; City and District lines. TIP: try to avoid using Aldgate station, whilst it's not a particularly long walk to the hotel it does mean you having to use an underpass, which can feel menacing after dark. Also when getting off at Aldate East tube follow the signs for &quot;Toynbee Hall&quot; - that means you emerge next to the hotel rather than further down Whitechapel Road.Although I didn't get the chance to sample either the breakfast or bar facilities, I'm sure from past Ibis experience I can hazard an educated guess at what they would have been like i.e. OK / good. All in all it was a decent stay with good access, quiet clean rooms and relatively welcoming staff. I'd certainly stay again or recommend this hotel for a business trip. For a leisure break I'd be inclined to try the West End and up my budget accordingly.	
Jan 18 2007 	Great location!	Although this Ibis is like all the others (clean, comfortable, with no bad surprises), it does not sell itself well enough on its GREAT location. First-time tourists to London may see it as off the beaten track, being some distance from the West End theatres and/or the British Museum, but it is superbly located for visits to all the art galleries in Whitechapel (on the dorrstep) and the exotic restaurants and markets of Bricklane and &quot;Banglatown&quot; (50 metres way). It is also a short walk to the Tower of London in one direction and the vibrant and trendy eating and drinking scene of Smithfields Market in the other. I'll be making this my regular London hotel from now on.	
Jan 17 2007 	Best Hotel Ever Stayed	We have stayed for 3 nights, ,last weekend. This is probably the best hotel either of us has stayed in and we thought good value in comparison to the prices of other 3 star hotels in other capital cities. The service was very good and we found the staff friendly and helpful.Room- The bed was big and comfortable, bathroom well appointed with big walk in shower, There is flat screen TV with in house movies and broadband access. What we loved above all,is the Bar and the ambiance in this hotel. Thanks for all previous comments that made us choosing this hotel...	
Nov 5 2006 	Exellent value in London	With hotel rates in London rising to dizzying levels, and especially during a major trade event, this hotel stands out as a gem. Modern, clean, and with excellent tube access (literally next door is the Aldgate East stop), and with a very accommodating staff, the Ibis City is a find. It was one of the few hotels who did not require prepayment (with loss of all if the res was cancelled) and the rates were, well, reasonable. The room was very functional, with a comfortable bed, diminutive but spotless bathroom, a flat screen TV, and broadband internet access (which, at $20 a day is reasonable for London). The hotel is very French, from the staff to the restaurant, and the guests are mostly continental Europeans. That's not necessarily bad, as the cuisine and style came through, all without the notorious French attitude. In sum, I'd stay here again without question. The only negative is that it's slightly off the tourist track, but then again as London is moving east (Canary Wharf, etc.), it brings places like Greenwich (a great place to spend an afternoon), the Liverpool Street area, and the Thames river cruises closer, while the West End and Kensington is just minutes away by tube.	
Nov 4 2006 	Good option at this price range	Stayed here for 2 nights based on other reader's recommendations, and agree that it is one of the better accommodation options in Zone 1, at this end of the market. The bathroom was well designed with sufficient space and the room was acceptable. Breakfast was excellent for the price (a bargain at GBP4.95), with fresh fruits, cheeses and best of all, hot crossaints. Note that there are not alot of dining options in the area if you don't like Indian food, fast food chains or hotel meals. There are 2 coin operated internet terminals in the lobby, which are not very reliable. Whilst there is a luggage room available, it is not very secure with no checking of tickets by staff when collecting suitcases.	
Oct 23 2006 	Help! I can't breathe...	Greg from Dublin is absolutely right, this would be a great hotel if only they could be bothered to sort out the temperature in the bedrooms. As it is, my wife and I had a weekend in London ruined because of an uncomfortable, sleepless night.The lobby was clean and welcoming, the staff were perfectly friendly, all the lifts were working and there was a pleasant atmosphere that lead me to believe that this might be a great place to stay. However, once you get to your floor (in our case floor 3) the heat hits you. And it's not just hot, the air is stale and humid.After we had been out for a meal, my wife and I came back to the hotel at around 10.30pm to get some sleep. After an uncomfortable and sleepless 3 hours I went down to reception to complain about the temperature. The less-than-helpful Duty Manager told me that there was nothing he could do. I pointed out that the hotel claimed to have an 'Air Cooling System' but was told that as it was now winter (it was actually late October) this was turned off. The only 'assistance' he offered was a tiny electric fan (that didn't work) and a jug of ice. He also suggested that we open the window. Bearing in mind that this was a Saturday night in central London with a major hospital nearby, sleeping with the window open was not an option - even with ear plugs!Curiously there was a trickle of cool air coming out of the vent when I got back to the room, but not enough to make the place comfortable. By breakfast time it had stopped and the place was tropical again.The room was a decent size and very clean, the bed was OK and the shower was great, but all of this counts for nothing if you can't sleep! Perhaps they turn on the air-con in the summer?[As an aside, there was a sticker on the window saying that the room was double glazed and the window was locked for the safety of the guests. However the window wasn't locked and the device which is supposed to limit how far you can open it had been removed. It was possible to completely open the window very easily and it was a straight drop to street level from the third floor - there was even a convenient bench under the window which a small child could easily climb on. Bearing in mind that it was a senior member of staff who advised me to open the window to cool the room you have to question what is more important to Ibis, keeping their electricity bills down or keeping their guests comfortable and safe?]	
Oct 21 2006 	Great Quality	After staying at the Holiday-inn for the last several years, I decided to give this hotel a try based on the previous reviews..The rooms were very comfortable, very clean, and the flat screen TV with broadband access was a real difference. The breakfast was really nice(get the french pastry).The front office desk is VERY friendly and skilled at handling business requests.The hotel is great, I would give it a strong recommendation for the vacationer and also the business traveler.	
Oct 17 2006	If only we were reptiles!!	With proper air-conditioning this could be a great hotel.I stayed here with my wife for the weekend. We were not long back from a month in Malaysia and as such are well used to hot conditions. Exiting the lift was like stepping into a “Botanical hothouse”. By the time we reached our room we were gasping for fresh air. Unfortunately when you open the door you find that it is just as hot within as without. Apart from the heat, the room itself was great. I loved the “Capsule” bathroom. It had a “beam me up Scotty” feel. It is surprisingly spacious, immaculately clean and bright. The rooms are a generous size and are laid out to make the best use of all the available space. The style and decor are a refreshing change from the “one size fits all” box you usually encounter in chain hotels. However, back to the dreaded heat. The room did have a thermostat control. But this only enabled me to turn up the temperature.!! I complained at reception and was told that the hotel temperature was set by outside air temperatures and room temperatures could not be reduced?I could however open the window. The window is encased by a large double glazed panel which when pulled back allows you to open the window 6 or 8 inches and so has very little effect on room temperature. I was amused to see that the catches on the double glazed panel where broken, as though clawed open in some frantic effort to breathe air. We decided that the best option was to leave the window open all the time. We slept outside the bed covers (to hot even for a sheet) and listened to the traffic. It is a real pity they cannot sort this problem out. The location is great (right next door to Adgate East tube station) and the rates are very reasonable.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good Hotel	The Hotel is nice. Great Location Bus stop at the front of the hotel and tube station at 50 meters. Clean an confortable.	
Oct 16 2006 	small but clean	I booked this hotel through their web site (it came out cheaper for me). The hotel's location was very convenient if you plan to take the subway, aldgate east is right next door. To visit the london bridge, it's a good 15-20 minute walk. You may need to walk farther from the hotel to get a good place to eat. The hotel room is small but clean, it looks like an average cruise line bedroom and bathroom. I don't recommend eating at their restaurant, a little too expensive for what you get. Overall, it is a good hotel to stay at if you're in a budget.	
Oct 15 2006 	Unbelievable	Stayed at Ibis London City for my birthday recently. What a treat. this hotel is beyond comparison with any other 3 stars hotels. Service is impecable, the hotel and its facilities are in perfect condition and its rooms are without doubt the most comfortable.We had Dinner in L`Estaminet which was outstanding and the service again impecable. This is definetely unblievable to have all of it for £65 per night.	
Oct 11 2006 	Top budget hotel	The Ibis London City is a top hotel for staying in London if you are on a tight budget (it is even if you're not). The rooms are relatively large, very clean and comfortably. The bathroom is reasonably sized, also very clean and features a large shower.Every room has a flat-screen TV set with Internet access (via TV or you could plug-in your Laptop), video-on-demand, music-on-demand and various &quot;normal&quot; TV stations. For internet access and on-demand content there is a flat-rate available which is advertised at 9.99 Pounds for 24 hours, however I was only charged once although using it for 48 hours.The entrence to Aldgate East tube station is only about 50 Meters away and Liverpool Street station can be reached after a short stroll of about 5-10 Minutes. The surrounding area looks a bit worn down, but I never felt unsafe when waking around, even at night.The hotel staff was always nice and helpful, and you never feel that you are staying in a hotel with almost 350 rooms.	
Oct 7 2006 	Nice and cosy	We love small hotels and rarely see anything similar in a big hotel like Ibis City. We could have sworn we were in Paris but we were in the middle of London City. The hotel oozes charm, the French restaurant is incredible, the stafff very friendly and helpful and the price is right!	
Oct 1 2006 	This is just Perfect	We loved this hotel. The rates did not break the bank account and yet the rooms were very comfortable. The public areas are pleasantly decorated, are well kept and the rooms were immaculate. We loved the breakfast arrangement. The staff were very helpful and provided all types of information on the area. We enjoyed hot chocolate in the bar every night.We went to some of the restaurants they recommended and were not disappointed. We wil certainly stay there again if we are in the area. This is just perfect.	
Sep 28 2006	Experience of stay marred by attitude of staff	We stayed at Ibis London City from 22-24 Sept (3 nights) due to the good reviews by previous visitors to this hotel. The hotel was located right next to Aldgate East tube station so getting to and from the hotel was easy. The room itself was clean and modern. However, our experience at this hotel was marred by the staff working at the counter and in the restaurant. The majority of the staff we encountered were snobby, impatient and had a cool and indifferent air about them. Their attitude was generally poor and not suited for working in the service industry. The counter staff who checked us in expressed impatience when we didn't understand her French-accented English at one instance and had to repeat herself. We witnessed one counter staff raising her voice at 2 guests who wanted to check in asking them to wait as she had to deal with another guest who was agitated. There were not enough counter staff to handle the guests and at most times when we passed the hotel lobby, there were numerous guests gathered at the counter waiting to be served. There was a luggage room where we could keep our bags after checking out while waiting for our flight. We were simply given the key to the room to store our luggage away, no help offered, and asked to give back the key after storing our luggage. Only when we went to collect our bags was help offered in the form of holding the luggage room door open for us. And that we believe may be due to their wanting a tip from us. The area around the hotel was rough and we (2 female travellers) made sure we were back in the hotel before 9 p.m. as we didn't feel safe walking from the tube to the hotel, albeit it was a short distance. The continental breakfast which we tried once didn't sit well with us as we preferred a full English breakfast. The air-cooling system in the room went on and off at intervals. This was according to the counter staff due to the system being centrally controlled. In the end, we had to open the window to get some ventilation. All in all, we definitely won't be staying at this particular Ibis hotel in the future.	
Sep 24 2006 	Pleasant 	Located Near Aldgate East Tube Station- The London City Ibis is a wonderful efficient hotel sutable for most who care for a bed at night. The 9 story hotel offers small but clean and updated rooms. We stayed here after a return trip from Spain and a 3 day hold over in London to see the sights before our trip home to the US. The Ibis London City is a little over an hour from Heathrow by the tube, and our early morning flight on Sunday troubled us because the tube does not start running until 7:10am. We took the tube to the express train to Heathrow and made it with plenty of time to spare.The Ibis London CIty is located a short 2 minute walk to the Aldgate East station. There are primarily businesses and such around the hotel so walking to attractions nearby is not possible. WIthin a few minutes walk from the hotel there are a few dining options, mostly fast food, KFC, Burger King, a food mart, and a local pub. A tube to any of the main attractions are about 15-20 minutes away by tube. Really convienent for the price.The Room itself is small with a queen size bed, there is a small desk built into a ledge under the window and a bench like seat near the window. The television has several local channels, nothing too spectacular for late night channel surfing. The most interesting feature of the room is the bathroom. It is a pod like plastic modular insert that was quite strange in appearance, but did the job and it gave a newer feel. Also very clean. No irons in the room, you have to find an ironing room on one of the floors, not a major inconvience. We did not try the hotel breakfast, the exchange rate would have made the breakfast 12$, a little more than desired when on a bit of a budget.	
Sep 24 2006 	Lovely Hotel	We come to London very often and stayed in many hotels at different parts of City. This cosy hotel is well located for visiting London. The bus number 15, passes just infront of the hotel and takes you to Oxford Circus by crossing Trafalgar, Piccadilly and Regent Street. There is also Tube Station right next door. The most pleasant thing is the service and the staff. They all smile and seem like they love their jobs. This is more and more rare in hospitality sector. We also loved the decoration and cosy ambiance within the hotel. Defineteley better than in competitors of the simular category. You should give a try to this lovely hotel.	
Sep 19 2006 	Not a good experience	I reviewed all the comments here and expected that it would be good to stay here. But I was wrong. Yes, the hotel room is clean. The location is convenient -- near the tube. Actually it has a nice room. (but one thing to complain: no hair-dryer can be found in the room. )But that is still a dump choice. We will not choose this hotel again. It's a bad experience to stay there. The reception staff is very very unfriendly (in fact, rude), impatient for the questions, not helpful at all. From the moment we got in, we did not feel any &quot;nice&quot; from her, not mention the smile on her face. I was suprised to see a staff like that, especially in the hotel recommended by many users. The day we checked in is 9/9, a Sat. night. I am wondering if this staff is part-time? simply hired on weekend night? Or how could IBIS train a staff like this? We stayed in Ibis for only one night. The next hotel we stayed ....even the room is so so ...but it has the helpful staff... good to leave Ibis and choose another.	
Sep 11 2006	Cheap hotel in London	The hotel was nice and close to the subway station. Rooms were ok with plastic bathrooms.Standard rate was 65GBP pr night in a double room for the weekend which must be considered cheap in London. Only thing to complain about was the taxi service at the hotel. It was quite expensive and the driver didn't know where the Tate Modern was. I would stay here again.	
Aug 31 2006 	Nice and 'cheap' hotel	i stayed in this hotel the last week of august. it is relatevily cheap (70pounds per night) and the staff is kind and helpfull. It is mainly a business hotel. Breakfast is rich and available from 4am 'till 12pm. The bathrooms are new and big. I believe the most positive thing about this hotel is that it is located right in the financial centre of London and that is really really close (20yards) to the tube station (aldgate east)	
Aug 24 2006 	Magnificient	A very excellent hotel in London 1 zone, well connected to the centre of the city (the tube station is ten meters far from hotel) .Also close to brick lane's sunday's market and the city district.Excellent rooms , bathroom in our room was very big!!!Nice and helpful staff, good continental breakfast.....who wants more????	
Jul 2 2006	Excellent	When my boyfiriend told me that we were reserved in Ibis City, I had no idea where were going to stay. However, from the first step in the loby I had this lovely impression that we were going to have a memorable weekend. The welcome at front desk was just great as we rarely see even at 5 stars hotels. Rooms are very practical with air-cooling and large , clean shower but small bathroom. The hotel has a lovely bar with huge screen for live sport events and the athmospher was incredible when there was live football game even though I hate this game....Finally, the good thing is that hotel is very close to tube station which helps a lot for to go to central shoping areas within 10-15 minutes. I would definetly recommend this hotel....	
Jun 17 2006	Surprising	Thie hotel has an ideal location for London Tower Bridge and has a tube station( Aldgate East) just nearby. The hotel is, above all, very well maintained, clean and nicely decorated. The service is excellent with very helpful staff members. This is really surprising for the price that you pay( £65). Good value for money...	
Jun 5 2006	Nicely impressed!	Budget hotels in London city are almost impossible to find but this is a treasure. It is dead easy to find, right next door to the Aldergate East Tube. We were not sure what to expect because it was so cheap (£133 for 3 nights on a bank holiday w/end!!) we were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is welcoming and has a well presented reception. The bar is nice and bright and the restaurant looks good and reasonably priced (altho we did not eat there).Our room was basic but had a fresh and clean feel at the same time. However we could not get our air conditioning to work but a large open window served the same purpose in the end. The bathroom was small but clean and everything had its place also the shower is big enough for two!!Breakfast was not included but could be purchased for an additional amount; we chose to go across the road to a small cafe (the one with the ATM in the pavement out front). We ate very well for alot cheaper.On our last night we were tired and came back to the hotel about 10pm to find that there had been a power failure and nobody could access their rooms. We were kindly requested to remain in the foyer as they were trying to resolve it as soon as possible. We went to the bar for a drink but the staff could not serve us without the power, we requested bottles but this also was refused. We went across the road to the newsagents and purchased a bottle of beer and returned to the bar and requested a bottle opener...surprisingly we got one!! We were told that the power was off for about an hour, but we were there only for the last 10mins. Also just before the power came back on the bar handed out free bottle's of beer for the growing crowd of guests. Overall I think they handled the situation excellent. I would definitely recommend this hotel and I hope to stay in it again some day.	
May 22 2006	Highly recommended budget hotel in London city	We stayed one night at the Ibis at the weekend rate of £60 (room only) which is generally the weekend rate of chain budget hotels in London. The location is great as Aldgate station is around the corner and Liverpool street station is a 10 minute walk away. It is also served by a number of buses. Although we did not stay in the area in the evening there is Brick Lane for curry houses and Shoreditch/Hoxton for trendy bars and restaurants. Now the hotel, reception is warmly decorated and the service was good, check in was swift with no problems. The hotel has no car park although there is a private car park next door, where we paid £8 pounds for an 6pm-12am next dat stay. The only disdavantage with this is there is no special rate for Ibis customers, its more like disused land and is locked at 7pm and reopens the next day. If you have a car I would advise you use this or any other car park as the area has a lot of parking restrictions. The room was clean and modern. It had bright large shower room, desk, small wardrobe/shelving and TV port. No sofa or additional seating. We stayed on a room only basis (breakfast is an extra £4.95 per person) so I cannot comment on the food but I would prefer to eat out as there are excellent places to eat around Brick Lane, Shoreditch and in the city area. In summary I would recommend this hotel for short stays as it basic, clean and good value for money	
May 17 2006	Would definitely Recommend!!	I was very nervous about booking a hotel online. I'm from the US and my husband and I had never been to the UK before and were booking a hotel online just by going by other reviews we had read. We made the right choice!! We had such a wonderful stay at this hotel. It is more expensive than what we are used to in the US, but not really that expensive compared to the prices of other hotels in the area. My husband and I absolutely loved it. The staff (all French) were so nice and very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was an adequate size, the shower was quite big, and everything was nice and clean. We enjoyed having the bar and restaurant downstairs. It is also in a very convenient location. There is an underground station right around the corner in walking distance. I cannot say enough good things about our experience. I would definitely recommend it to anyone and I would definitely stay there again if we go back to London.	
May 7 2006	Lovely Hotel	Very pleasant surprise. Nice flowers in the lobby area gives you a lovely first impression. Staff are very well trained and always helpful. We loved delicious cocktails in the bar and the ambiance which is quite surprising for this range of hotel. We will definetely come back to this hotel.	
May 5 2006	Great Hotel	Very Clean and very close to tube. Only downfall was the breakfast buffet don't buy it.Rooms very comfortable and large enough for the price paid. Friendly front desk staff. Definitely would stay there or any Ibis hotel in future - especially in Europe.	
May 1 2006	Nice and new hotel	We stayed in this hotel during Easter time 2006. The hotel is quite new and very clean and nice. The location is ok - near the Tower and just 100 m away from the underground station (where there are several lines passing by). The rooms are quite big (at least compared to the general level of hotels in London) and the bathroom was great. There was no lock in the bathroom door but it didn't bother us. The staff is friendly and helpful although we had some difficulties trying to communicate with them as they didn't understand our English (they were all foreigners - possibly French). We had a breakfast in our room (there are coffee/tea making facilities in all the rooms) so I don't know how the breakfast was. There is a computer with internet connection in the lobby but you have to pay to use it.We didn't find any good restaurants nearby the hotel (it's a business district mainly and the cafés/restaurants were closed in the evenings) so we had to take the underground and find a restaurant somewhere else. There is a restaurant in the hotel but the menu didn't look that tempting so we didn't try it. In the last night we found a nice-looking African restaurant hidden nearby in a quiet and narrow street but we didn't try it though. Anyway I would recommend this hotel because it's a good value for money (in London standards). I would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2006	Just right	We stayed at this hotel for two nights over a weekend in April. Good value for money. Nice and clean. 15 mins by tube to the centre of town. Make sure you go to Algate East station and not just Aldgate (they are not connected). Also leave Aldgate East at the &quot;Toynbee Hall&quot; end and the hotel is just round the corner.	
Apr 19 2006 	Good value nice rooms bar and restaurant	Good value hotel, situated quite central in London. Good facilities and helpful, friendly staff.Nice bar and restaurant too. Quite good for a business hotel.	
Apr 14 2006	Great Quality		
Mar 25 2006	Super		
Mar 19 2006 	Truly hated it!!!		
Feb 11 2006 	Great Basic Hotel		
Feb 7 2006	Excellent		
Jan 1 2006	Great base for london		
Dec 14 2005	A Pleasant Surprise		
Nov 22 2005	Clean modern hotel		
Oct 9 2005	Very nice stay		
Aug 12 2005	Good value		
Nov 16 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Oct 13 2009 	Davvero ottimo e PULITO !!!		
Oct 7 2009 	-ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo-		
Sep 30 2009 	Buen IBIS		
Sep 28 2009 	Ottimo Hotel ma non si trova in centro		
Sep 27 2009	trés correct		
Sep 12 2009 	Ibis London City		
Sep 8 2009 	Excelente		
Sep 2 2009 	Assolutamente da consigliare		
Sep 1 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Aug 29 2009 	Ottimo		
Aug 28 2009 	Très chouette		
Aug 26 2009 	Ottima posizionehotel funzionale		
Aug 25 2009 	Très bon hotel		
Jun 27 2009 	ottima sistermazione per qualità e prezzo		
Jun 10 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
May 20 2009	super Hotel für London Sightseeing		
May 13 2009 	Impeccable!		
May 6 2009 	Ottimo come tutti gli Ibis		
May 3 2009 	ottimo direi!		
Feb 26 2009 	Miglior rapporto qualita' prezzo!!!!		
Feb 1 2009 	Buon Hotel ottima posizione		
Jan 27 2009 	Bon sejour "hotel agreable et correctement place"		
Jan 7 2009 	Londra partendo dalla City		
Jan 4 2009 	Rien à redire		
Dec 29 2008 	Hotel standart : ni trop ni trop peu !		
Dec 16 2008 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Dec 16 2008 	Un'ottima scelta		
Dec 15 2008 	Hotel o.k. Barpersonal unmöglich		
Nov 2 2008 	très bon rapport qualité prix pour londres		
Oct 26 2008	???????		
Oct 22 2008 	????????		
Oct 14 2008 	Bellissimo Hotel		
Sep 19 2008 	Gutes Basic Hotel		
Sep 15 2008 	Perfekte Lage super Preis		
Aug 23 2008 	Bien situé standard aux ibis français		
Jul 26 2008 	Londres es fabulosa y el Ibis City está bueno		
Jul 20 2008 	Perfetto		
Jul 7 2008 	Tout ce qu'il y a de mieux pour un 2*		
Jun 10 2008 	ottimo hotel		
Jun 3 2008 	ottimo e posizione eccellente		
May 18 2008 	Super Hotel!		
May 12 2008 	Buona struttura ma il servizio...		
May 3 2008 	Ottima sistemazione		
Apr 23 2008 	Hotel limpio y agradable		
Dec 16 2007	Bien à un petit détail près		
Nov 21 2007 	Excellent rapport Qualité/prix		
Nov 4 2007 	Un ottimo Hotel		
Nov 1 2007 	No repetiria.-		
Sep 30 2007 	Genial!!		
Sep 12 2007 	Idéal		
Aug 31 2007 	un hotel da raccomandare		
Feb 1 2007	A recommander sans hésiter!		
Dec 18 2006 	bonne surprise		
Sep 1 2006	genial		
