	Great location for traveling out of the capital	Recently spent the night at Premier Inn Euston, i must say that the location of this hotel for both Euston Station and Kings Cross was great, i go to visit my Parents in Berwick upon Tweed quiet regularly so having a good hotel close to the station has been great . If you need to get an early morning train ,then i would recomend this Hotel, the staff are were very polite and rooms very clean, breakfast was reasonable as it was a buffet and you could eat whatever you liked and even started at 6.30am.I hope this helps anyone planning to stay in London.	
Nov 25 2009 	Good no frills hotel at a good location	The hotel was as expected, a no frills hotel focusing on the basic needs of a traveler. Friendly staff. The room was clean, the heating worked fine and hot water plentiful. Our only complaint is that the humidity in the room was excessive. Water condensed between the windows and formed puddles between the inner and outer set of windows. Running the AC at least part time would probably have helped. Anyway, due to the humidity the air in the room had a whiff of mold to it. We only had breakfast in the hotel restaurant. The breakfast had a nice selection of items ranging from healthy to anything but.	
Nov 20 2009 	Nothing to complain about	I stayed here overnight a few days ago whilst in London for work. The reception staff were welcoming considerate and I couldnt have asked for more. The room was wonderfully clean.As a woman travelling alone I am always aware of my safety and felt as safe as possible in this hotel. I met a member of the staff in the corridor and he said &quot;hello&quot;, a simple thing but not something you get everywhere!!!Reception offered me a meal deal..£20 for breakfast and a two course dinner plus drink. This was excellent value and well worth the money. I would recommend it. The dining room is too small for the number of people who choose to use it but then again this is a good sign that so many people choose to eat in house. Do not leave going for dinner or breakfast until the last minute. Reception booked me a table and I still had to wait in line but the staff were wonderful.I was facing the Euston Road in room 207, a good nights sleep is guaranteed and there is double glazing which is good but the road never sleeps and I did hear sirens in the night. Not the hotel or staffs fault this is central London after all.A very positive experience and I do look for faults!!! Travelling alone for work can be quite lonely but the attitude of the staff made me feel valued and this appeared to be the case with their other customers too. There will always be someone who can find something to complain about but not me. Room was about £120 for the night but again it is central London.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good enough for us!	Good sized rooms, spotlessly clean, newish hotel, OK location (good for St Pancras &amp; British Museum), friendly staff.Breakfast room not big enough so be prepared to queue at peak times. Good value breakfast if you want the full English but the lack of cheese and cold meats limits the continental choice. We experienced no road or guest noise.No shaver sockets in room and they ran out of adaptors so be prepared.Overall goodish value for money for London	
Nov 17 2009 	Service beyond my expectations	When choosing our hotel we checked out reviews here and were a bit concerned to be honest, but felt that when it comes to Premier Inn you pretty much know what you're going to get... how wrong I was, I got so much more and then some!We had informed Premier Inn Euston that we would arrive after 8pm and were driving from Glasgow. At 11pm reception called to make sure we were okay. The reception was warm and welcoming and they guy on reception acknowledged the kids and gave them a couple of kids packs containing crayons, some colouring in and a little book. He told us about the 'good night sleep guarantee' and made sure we knew when and were to get breakfast. The room was fine for our needs, not smelly, not damp. Carpeting was a bit worn and had a couple of cigarette burns from the days before the smoking ban, but nothing more than you would expect from a busy city hotel and nothing alarming or unsanitary, just regular minimal wear &amp; tear). Our room was on a corner and overlooked busy Dukes Road, but we were not disturbed at all by the traffic noise (windows are soundproofed).I did ask for an extra pillow on my way out to sightsee and when I got back found they'd given me 2.The room had a safe, which could be activated by reception at a cost of £1.50 per day, this I was the only thing I wasn't happy about, I felt that it should be free as essentially we would be protecting our valuables from people with access to the room (ie staff).Breakfast was £7.95 per adult, with up to 2 kids per adult dining free. It was 'all you can eat' and if Premier Inn withdraw this offer due to my kids eating them out of house and home I can only appologise! Breakfast was exceptional, self service with cooked and continental available. There was plenty of it despite it being busy and it was all really good quality (Lincolnshire sausages, extras like poached/boiled egg or porridge available on request). There were plenty of staff on hand making it run smoothly, topping up and clearing away. The kitchen was visible to the public from the dining area (always a good sign in my book) and was immaculate.They have a dinner offer too which we didn't take advantage of, but we did order some nibbles and drinks and took some up to our room (which Premier Inn is happy for us to do, so no sneaking around!) All staff were friendly, well presented, polite and smiling. Even in passing they would say hello and if approached for any reason they would end all contact by asking if we were happy with our stay and if they could do anything else for us. There was internet access available in reception (20p per minute, or you can have wifi in the room), but printing was not available. I advised the reception that I wanted to book something online and print tickets off, she gave me their email address and asked me to email the tickets to the hotel and she would be happy to print them off.They also have a mobile phone charging facility in the reception area which we never used.We had planned to check out on Saturday morning and go to friends 45 min drive away, but decided just to leave on the Friday night instead. The receptionist asked if we were unhappy with them for any reason and seemed genuinely concerned we were leaving early, I reassured him that we had really only needed a base for Friday and had no reason to stay over so were just heading off to our next destination early.There is parking available, but only something like 16 spaces so it was disappointing that we couldn't book a parking space at the hotel as we drove for 7 hrs, but there was ample parking nearby at Euston Station less than 5 minutes walk away and (stopping outside the hotel to drop me and kids and luggage off while him indoors parked) was not an issue as the entrance is on a side street off busy Dukes Road.To be honest I had hoped to get a cheaper deal on the room, but on reflection it was good value for money as we had no hassles whatsoever and I'd happily pay the same again.To anyone considering staying here I would say GO FOR IT... there are some negative reviews on here about this hotel, but I'd urge you to bear in mind that people tend to only want to share if they have something negative to complain about, which is why I've come on here to let you know about our stay. I honestly couldn't be happier with Premier Inn Euston, whatever they're doing, they're doing it right and other hotels could learn a lot from their service.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great hotel and service	I stayed with my wife for eight nights and I would recommend everyone to stay here. Superbly clean rooms, extremely quiet and great service team. Best buffet breakfast for 8 pounds and to top it all, only five minute walk to Euston Station. I will definitely stay there any time I go to London for leisure.	
Nov 1 2009 	Damp and Smelly	The location is good as it is situated near Euston Station although it faces a very busy road , therefore, you have to get used to hearing the police and fire sirens throughout the night. Our family room was small, well equipped but very smelly and damp. There was water running down the windows and black mould surrounding the frames. The bed was damp and when we got home and opened our luggage the smell from our clothes was awful. You also have to be up early for breakfast as there was large queues on both mornings when we went down at 10.00am.	
Oct 31 2009 	Avoid smelly fifth floor	Stayed for one night for work. Everything great, but for the smell of damp and mould on the fifth floor. It got in my hair, my clothes and I felt quiet ill the next morning. The windows in the room were covered in water. The plaster around the frames had gone soft with the moisture. Just by touching the plaster it came away to reveal black mould. Staff, breakfast and location are all good. They just need to sort out the horrible damp.	
Oct 29 2009 	just perfect	we had stayed in the euston area before and decided to try the premier inn this time. we were not disapointed. it is only a short walk from euston station(max 5mins). the room was more than adequate for what we needed. bed was lovely and comfy. the room was clean and even though we were facing euston road the noise from this did not disturb our sleep as they have extra soundproofing in place.we ate in the restaurant one night it was lovely we couldnt fault it and all the staff were so friendly and pleasant, we also drank in the bar on a few occasions no problems there either.breakfast which is buffet has something for everyone and was lovely. it was busy we had to queue two mornings but the queue moved very quickly . the staff cant do anything about this unfortunately everyone just headed down at the same time. this wasn't a big issue.overall we had a great stay and would definitely stay here again when back in london.if travelling to/from heathrow to this hotel we found it easier to get the tube from kings cross as it is on the picadilly line so there is no changing lines with big suitcases, it is not far from the hotel.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great base for London trip	Second time staying at this Premier Inn for me.It does what it says on the tin; accomodation that's well-priced, clean, comfortable and conveniently located.The hotel is 5 mins walk from Euston station, which provides access to the tube network, something that's vital to getting anywhere in London. It's also only a 10 min (max) walk from King's Cross St Pancras so again is well located for that. My trip this time was dual purpose - (i) an exhibition at the British Museum, which is withing walking distance and (ii) a play at the Old Vic, which is easily reached from Euston via the Northern Line on the tube.Inside, the rooms are spotless, comfortable beds, power showers, TV, air-con, etc. Basically you can expect a certain level/standard from Premier Inn and this hotel delivers that.Breakfasts are excellent and will set you up for the day.In short, thoroughly recommended.	
Oct 22 2009 	great as always	Staff as friendly,helpful and curteous as ever . The reception staff were all friendly and so were the staff who looked after the rooms. The breakfast was fantastic . Rooms spotlesly clean .Only downside was an ignorant barman working on the night of 20/10 (male aged about 35-40) who kept disapearing to a closed area of Costas Cafe eating food leaving bar unattended with several people waiting to buy drinks	
Oct 21 2009 	Over all very good indeed.	I stayed here with my partner over 4 nights in October. I found the rooms to be clean &amp; tidy with a comfortable bed &amp; most importantly Freeview. ITV &amp; CH4 did have the annoying habit of breaking up which I am assuming is the result of a poor signal. Ch5 had not been retuned so a few stations were missing, though the reception for other channels were spot on.Staff were friendly and always greeted you with a smile &amp; were also very helpful. Breakfast was decent with a good selection of items. You could have a fry or cereal, croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, yoghurt coffee , tea orange juice - or you could have it all! Breakfast id all you can eat/drink for £7.95 although we booked bed/breakfast so it was free.Almost forgot, we arrived early so staff kept our bags in a locked room &amp; watched us carefully as we left them in (always good) &amp; also our flight home wasn't until 8pm &amp; although we had to check out at 12 noon they kept our bags giving us a few more hours to walk about London luggage free!The only 1 small niggle I had was that you could smell the restaurant in our bathroom in the evenings &amp; you could smell breakfast in there in the mornings. I'm assuming the smell came through the plug holes etc.Overall I was very impressed by this hotel &amp; the lovely staff &amp; would not hesitate to stay here again! 5/5	
Oct 19 2009 	huge space super friendly staff fast respond and worth every pound!	the hotel room was great. the bed was large enough and both the room and toilets were big. the staff were very efficient and friendly and willing to help. not only did they help us to book taxis but also could deliver bathing soap in the middle of the night as well as a heater. they also cleaned the room and will not miss out yours if u go out late...which i did on one of the days at 430pm. security is tight as one requires a room card to access the lifts and floors and needed ones particulars to get access to more keys. 9/10!	
Oct 8 2009 	Good hotel right by Euston station and good price for London	This hotel was clean and new. The room was large. The only drawback was the noise outside the hotel. There is a fire station across the street, and sirens were heard several times a night. A bar is also across the street, and I heard loud patrons. The road it is on is busy anyway.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable hotel with good access from Euston Rail Station	When you travel by train its great to have a hotel near the train station so that you are not lugging bags through the Underground network.This hotel fits the bill and has well appointed rooms with good wireless connections. The food was good but did not have enough staff working so it took 2 hours for an evening meal.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good location but smelly rooms	The location near Euston station and King's Cross is very good for traveling around on the Tube. Also walkable to the British Museum and British Library. The room was small, but clean. Prices were reasonable. The issue we had was that the room seemed fine at first, but over the 3 nights we stayed there it started to smell very musty and moldy. I thought it was the fan in the shower so we left the windows open for some air. It seemed to get better, but then we also noticed the whole hallway smelled weird and musty. And once again the room started to smell. We were leaving the next day so we just dealt with it. But if you are sensitive to smells, I would stay elsewhere. From these other reviews, I'm assuming that there may be some floors that have this musty smell problem and others that don't. The front desk was good about answering questions, but they didn't seem very enthused to help you. Next time, I'll stay elsewhere.	
Oct 5 2009 	does what it says on the tin	if you want a cheapish stay within easy distance of Euston station, this is your best bet. It is just acros the road with the main entrance on the side street. It is pretty basic decor with an awful lot of purple but it is all very functional. Very helpful staff on reception and in the restaurant. Secure left luggage facility. Had a room on the first floor which I requested was quiet. Although the view was limited, I got my quiet - no outside noise at all. Bathroom just had shower gel/shampoo dispenser fixed to the wall over the bath - not my favourite arrangement. Shower was very good with excellent presuure. TV had freeview stations but reception was poor, maybe because TVs had had to be retuned the previous day in the UK and maybe this one had not been done. Breakfast was good value and is much better than at the nearby Ibis (which is comparable in many ways). Would recommend the vegetarian sausages which they will cook specially for you. So if you can cope with no frills purple decor this is the best budget hotel bet in the area.	
Sep 28 2009 	No Problems	A very good experience at the Hotel. Good food good service. The beds were very good and the bathroom was spotlessly clean. I have no negative comments.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great hotel great location great staff	We stayed for one night for short weekend for ym bf's birthday. It is a 5 minute walk from Euston Train/Tube station and 10 min walk from Kings Cross. If you get there early enough you can park at the back, however it will cost you £20 a day until checkout! We checked out at 12pm on the Sunday and just parked up the road on a residential street for the rest of the day for free! There are plenty of places to park, some places you can validate your ticket if you see a west end show. Just type in 'parking london' and look out for theatre deals. We drove instead of train so we weren't constrained to a time. Anyway the hotel is great, quick check in. The room is nice and clean with comfortable bed. At the hotel there is restaurant, bar, and cheeky little unit ti charge all your electrical items in the reception! Breakfast the next day is amazing, all you can eat buffet. We ate a lot! Definitely recommend, we always use Premier Inn's, never dissapointed.	
Sep 27 2009 	Perfect for Value	overall excellent service - friendly staff (makes a change for London) - quiet room, and clean, simple bathroom. TV worked fine, breakfast very nice indeed although at London prices! Would happily stay here again, no problems at all.	
Sep 23 2009 	Beware the Breakfast Toaster!	Stayed here before - very convenient for St Pancras/Kings Cross/Euston -this time was before/after a Eurostar triip.We were given a front-facing room, but the only traffic noise was the (frequent) emegency services' sirens!Didn't have dinner, but a very impressive touch - a phone message the afternoon of our arrival asked if we wished to book a table/require directions - that's service!Breakfast on Saturday/Sunday is ultra-flexible (07.00 - 12 Noon) so after a long day in Paris, chose to eat at 10.30 am - so did about another 100 people!! It's all self-service, and the three over-worked staff attempting to clear tables looked as though they'd been on duty since 5.00 am. The toaster is a work of art. It works on a conveyor belt system,; with a dial for how well you want your toast done. 1 = Light brown (even brown bread); 6 = just right; 9 = Flames coming out of the top - The staff's reaction? - 'Don't worry - it happens all the time!'That drama apart, a delightful, no frills , in-expensive London Hotel with the added bonus of a Costa Coffe concession attached to the bar with great outdoor decking.	
Sep 2 2009 	Perfect for overnight stop	We stayed here for a one night stay in London as we were leaving from Euston early the following day. Cant really fault it in anyway. Service excellent, staff friendly, room very big for family of four and no probs in room. The only slight downside is the noise from the traffic if you are staying on the side that faces Euston Road. I would suggest ear plugs if you are a light sleeper but if you stay on a main road in one of the busiest capitals of the world you have to expect it.	
Aug 23 2009 	Good staff good breakfast some issues with rooms	We checked in and were given a room on the 5th floor..The corridor smelt musty and stale. Once we were inside our room the smell was worse although the room looked fine we found that the bedding was very damp; seems it had been put on wet and they hoped it would dry??Staff were very helpful and immediately gave us a new room and apologised.Fire alarm went off at 3 a.m and we were impressed how efficient the staff were and how well it was managed.Breakfast was great...lovely bacon and sausages and again well organised and friendly staff (czech? Polish?) even though there were lots of people waiting they managed it very well. Would definitely recommend even though it wasn't very cheap.	
Aug 20 2009 	Could not fault any part of our stay	Clean, comfortable, convenient.Would recommend this hotel without question.We will stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great hotel and location	This hotel is really good. I found little to fault it. The rooms are air-conditioned which is really important to me as im a hot person and it's always stuffy in London hotels. The bar is nice and the breakfast was lovely, buffet style. Lots available and everything was fresh.The bed was really comfy and with pressed brilliant-white sheets and a purple satin throw. The window was really big and blocked out the noise well. You can see how effective the windows are when you open it then realise how noisy the traffic is outside then close it again.Staff are nice and helpful and the bathroom was clean and smart. The room was really lovely and i would definitely stay in a premier inn again.I managed to get a great nights sleep and woke up refreshed in the morning.The hotel is directly opposite Euston station, just through the small park where you can access most of London by tube or train. It's also near to a lot of London attractions such as Harrods, Westminster, The London Eye and Picadilly Circus.This is one of the better hotels to stay in London wihtout breaking the bank. It was most impressive. Next door is a lovely Italian restuarant which we went to for an evening meal too which was great.	
Aug 17 2009 	Highly recommended hotel with friendly service	I recently stayed at the euston premier inn with my young neice. This was our second stay at this hotel as we had stayed here before back in june. We arrived very early in the morning and went straight to the hotel to see if it was possible to leave our bags somewhere before returning later to check in. However, the reception staff were really freindly and helpful and allowed us to check in early. The room was spotless, spacious and the beds were very comfortable, our room was on the ground floor yet we heard very little noise from traffic as the rooms are well insulated. We had the all you can eat breakfast which was excellent value and also ate at the hotel restaurant which again was excellent value and all the staff were really freindly. The location of the hotel is ideal, literally 5 mins walk from euston station and just a short walk to euston square which makes it easy access to all the sights. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in london and we hope to stay here again very soon.	
Aug 17 2009 	Premier by name and Premier by nature!	'My wife and I stayed at The Premier Inn, Euston, for one night. We both wished we could have stayed far longer. Having toured Europe and the US in celebration of our 30th year of marriage, we would place this hotel in the top three in terms of cleanliness, comfort, courtesy and professionalism. The prices were very reasonable, and the hotel gave terrific value for money. We were treated extremely well. We were made to feel like royalty throughout our stay. The location is convenient for Euston, King's Cross and St. Pancras (Eurostar) stations. The British Library is across the road. A bus stop right outside serves Trafalgar Square, Waterloo and Victoria stations, passing through central London on the way. They guarantee you a peaceful night or your money back. Go and stay there with confidence.'	
Aug 16 2009 	Impressed by the service !	Very convenient location as I was looking for a hotel near the new railway station Saint Pancras International. The Premier Inn London Euston is less than 10 minutes walk to the station.I was welcomed by a kind and smiling young lady called Bibi who gave me all the necessary details very clearly. She helped me several times for various questions and remain very courteous. Makes the place feels very friendly.The hardware is good and the overall purple color concept of the hotel is very nice ! The room was clean and very quiet. Mattresses were not too hard and not too soft, just perfect. The bathroom was clean with good amenities. Water pressure was also good.The next morning I found the breakfast was great and service was again very attentive. Although I had paid an additional £25 for a late check-out (4pm) and put a &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign at my door, a maid knocked around 12:15am but said she was very sorry when I explained her the situation. As I didn't feel like having a nap anymore, I went down to the reception and my £25 were refunded by the supervisor without any problem. I recommend this hotel for anyone visiting London and wishing to be near St Pancras. The Euston Premier Inn has a great hardware and its staff is kind and very courteous. I will for sure drop back again whenever I am back to London !	
Aug 14 2009 	friendly and helpful staff great location would use again	we were able to leave our bags and go sight seeing as soon as we arrived , the staff were very helpful at all times . the rooms were clean and the breakfast was everything we needed . one tip go for breakfast early we ate around 8 and when we came out there seemed to be a lot of people waiting . a short walk from euston station , i would use this hotel again .	
Aug 13 2009 	GOOD LOCATION AND GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY.	We stayed here for 4 nights, and even though our room overlooked Euston road, was very quiet, apart from the Emergency vehicles (Fire Station just down the road, also UCH A &amp;E ). It was lovely to have Air Conditioning. The double bed was really comfortable, lovely bedding, and nice to have 2 pillows each. Our 12 year old daughter had a single bed in the room, yet room was still very spacious. Lovely clean bathroom, plenty of hot water, comfortable bath. Breakfast was really good, though we had to queue for quite a while on the Sunday morning. The staff were very friendly and helpful. I think my only critisism is that there was not enough storage for clothes in the bedroom, especially with 3 people in the room.	
Aug 3 2009 	Not very comfortable however staff is good and friendly	In our room there was a smell of dampness and mold (surpisingly not in the bathroom, but in bedroom). So we have to twice ask for another room at reception. The third room was good, but with additional single bed consuming space.Personal was good and friendly except the maid. It came to our door at 8:50am, knocked three times and then entered the room. She observed our surprised sleepy faces she said &quot;Sorry&quot; and rushed out. So if you plan to sleep until midnight be careful.	
Jul 14 2009	Not too bad.	Room size was okay. Bathroom a bit awkward. Room was nice and clean. The rusty heating element in the tea maker made me feel uncomfortable about using it. Not happy that there was only a choice of paying for a full English breakfast at about £8, so decided to have breakfast elsewhere, and there are many choices for this. There's a Costa Coffee shop attached to the hotel, there's also Starbucks and a Pret A Manger within a block and Caffè Nero at the Euston train station across the street. There are also choices at the nearby Kings Cross train station. Didn't see grocery stores in the neighborhood, except for a small Sainsbury near the Euston Square underground station. Staff at the reception desk couldn't answer any of my tourist attraction questions and didn't have very many tourist attraction brochures, neither did the train stations, so do your own research before coming. One of the reception desk staff told me that they have scales for weighing luggage, but when we went to check out, were told that they didn't. No little fridge in the room. We had previously stayed at a Premier Inn and ate at their restaurant, since there were no other restaurants in the area (unless you took a taxi to get to one), and since the food was so-so, we decided not to eat at their restaurant this time. Glad that there was air conditioning in the room. The toilet paper is better at the airport. You have to use at least ten sheets of the one in the hotel. Nice flat screen tv. I like the hotel colors.	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice Chain Hotel	The Premier Inn is a typical chain hotel. Nice, comfortable, but not extraordinary. Except for the mattress. It was extraordinary. The hotel was pricey for its class but that was probably due to location. The hotel is very close to St. Pancras International and Kings Cross which make travel into and around the city easy. Although the hotel is on a busy street, one can totally isolate the noise thanks to double windows in the room.Plenty of restaurants nearby. The real negative to the hotel is the cost of the internet service. 5 pounds per hour.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location and room...if you don't mind a little noise	Stayed for one night ahead of a business meeting. The hotel is literally only a few minutes walk from Euston station which is great if you need easy access to national rail or tube services. Check in was very straight forward and the reception staff were friendly. My room was huge especially considering this is a budget hotel in central London. I've stayed in lots of hotels in London (three others in the Euston area alone) and this room was double the size of a nearby more upmarket hotel room I was put in with my partner back in February. The room and bathroom was spotless and they've just installed a new air conditioning unit. My room looked onto Euston Road so there was a fair bit of traffic noise so i'd recommend asking for a room away from the main road or get some earplugs if you're a light sleeper!Breakfast was the standard Premier Inn breakfast which is always okay but nothing special. Overall this hotel is ideal if you need to be near Euston or Kings Cross/St Pancras and you want to stay in a room bigger than a cardboard box!	
Jul 7 2009 	Spacious comfortable rooms with friendly service	Right near Kings Cross and Euston Stations, this was easy to get to using the tube during our short stay in London. The rooms were really spacious, and comfortable. We had two children, so there was one extra bed supplied, and a mattress on the ground. Some people might not like that, but our kids were very happy with the bedding. The room was clean and fresh, and it was great to have air-conditioning in the room. Staff were friendly.,There was a restaurant downstairs, and although we only ate breakfast, we noticed people having a great time there in the evenings, with a live band performing on the Friday night.	
Jul 4 2009 	Back again for another stay	Overnight visit again on business.Staff are really helpful and welcoming.Breakfast is excellent.Made mistake of accepting ground floor room only 2 metres from the traffic on busy Euston Road.Room and public areas were spotless.I expect to return.	
Jun 28 2009 	Premier Inn London - Euston is a great place to stay.	My friend and I stayed at Premier Inn in London - Euston for a brief two night visit. The hotel is situated right across the street from Euston Station and is convenient to trains as well as the tube, which makes navigating London easy. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was accomodating. My only frustration was with the outlets in the room. I brought my curling iron with me from the US, along with an adaptor for the outlet. My adaptor fit the outlets in Birmingham, on the first part of my trip, but it would not work at this hotel. I wasn't too upset about it, though. It was just one of those things.	
Jun 28 2009 	If you are just wanting a place to eat and sleep...?	My family stayed at the Premier Inn for several nights in the summer of '07 (this review is obviously belated). It was clean, comfortable, and relatively quiet--as much as you can expect for being in the city. The bathroom was decently sized, which was nice after the very wimpy one we'd had in Copenhagen! The staff was courteous and helpful when necessary, though we didn't require much of them. The breakfast was ample every morning, and satisfied my then 13 year-old son's 'growing boy' appetite. We love London anyway, and Premier made our experience pleasurable!	
Jun 24 2009 	Convenient	Booked hotel as a base for theatre and sight seeing trip in London. Staff are the best with nothing too much trouble and always helpful.The location was chosen for being close to Euston station, which I didn't realsie had a tube station at the same site as rail. This proved to be a good advert for public transport and only took us 5 minutes to picadilly circus. With the hotal a 5 minute stroll the location was ideal.The rooms are standard Prem Inn comfortable with good sized bed TV that works Shower Toilet and bath etc. The bar was well staffed and meals looked reasonable although we only had drinks which were reasonably priced.We felt that the price for the rooms was a little higher than others but well worth it when the standard is good.	
Jun 14 2009 	Busy Efficient Value for Money Hotel in London	Standard premier inn. Clean, value for money, friendly staff, good breakfast, convenient position, great for a couple of nights. You know what to expect, you are not disappointed, and you can return again and again knowing that everything works and that the staff are friendly and helpful.	
Jun 13 2009 	Clean tidy and very quiet	I stayed here for a business trip and I found this hotel very clean, tidy and quiet. Check in/out and breakfast were fine. The hotel is in a very busy location but it was very quiet (something I find hard to find in London).The wifi is Swisscom with the usual issues/pricing and there is no access to other internet services. It’s an easy walk to central London locations and there are plenty of tube stations and buses in the area so travelling around was very easy.	
May 31 2009 	Convenient - but very mouldy	We chose the Premier Inn Euston because we had an early Eurostar train in the morning. It is a very convenient location, and overall the room was very clean looking, but we were bowled over by the smell of mould in the room. It was so damp it literally felt like sleeping in a tent. For just over £100/night this really isn't acceptable. We've stayed in the Premier Inn at Tower Bridge and found it very agreeable but for the money, next time we'll find a place that is a bit drier and less smelly! Staff were very friendly and when we brought this to our attention, did offer to move us to a room facing the other side of the building for our next night of stay but we opted to cancel, not willing to risk it.	
May 31 2009 	Great value-what more do you need ?	We stayed at the Premier Inn Dukes Rd, Euston for 3 nights in the last week of May.The hotel is conveniently located just 5 minutes walk away from Euston main line station and is also only a few stops on the Northern Line tube from Embankment station.The hotel would win no prizes for Architectural elegance being a typical city block,but then thats not what its designed to do.What it does do is provide good value,clean,comfortable, accommodation and in this respect,it cannot be faulted. Rooms are air conditioned and the bathroom had a very powerful ,hot shower !The rooms and general public areas are standard Premier Inn. Clean,comfortable and functional.The staff could not be faulted. They were all very efficient,pleasant ,smart in appearance and always willing to help.The hotel has an attached Costa Coffee outlet and also its own in house restaurant area for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast can be pre paid or purchased as required on the day.Wifi is available though this is not complimentary.All in all,a comfortable stay and these days,i do tend to use premier Inns as one can easily pay much more and yet get a poorer standard. With Premier Inn,you can always be sure of what your getting.	
May 20 2009 	Great budget hotel but beware of restaurant "deals"	My husband and I stayed here for a few nights during our first trip to London. The location was very convenient to both the underground station and the Eurostar station. The staff at reception were incredibly courteous and professional. Many times throughout our stay, we relied on them for 'local information' and they did not disappoint - they were great. The room was very no-frills (read: bring your own shampoo). However, we had just come from Paris, so to us, the size of the room was HUGE! Overall, the room was a nice, quiet, clean place to come back to after a long day of sight-seeing.As far as the restaurant is concerned...We pre-purchased our breakfast with each night's stay for 7.95 pounds, and overall that was a fairly good deal. The breakfast assortment was actually quite good as it included eggs, bacon or sausage, beans, tomatoes, breads, muffins, fruits, cereals, etc. We were offered, and unfortunately accepted, an offer to have dinner at the hotel one night for 20 pounds per person (I believe this price may have also included breakfast?). Nonetheless, the set menu that was offered for the dinner was not varied, but we finally arrived on something. To make a long story short, it took 30 minutes for our wine to be delivered to our table (after asking two separate waiters who had 1) taken our order and 2) delivered our appetizers). Also, upon being given no choice as to how I would like my beef cooked, once it was delivered, it was a nice charcoal-y grey color and about as tasty as a charcoal briquette. The one thing that was keeping me going through all of this was that Waiter #1 had informed us when we were seated that the dessert was a chocolate fudge pudding (who wouldn't look forward to that?). So, after having sat at the table 20 minutes after we were through with our food, I was politely informed that our dinner did not include dessert. Argh.I would recommend this hotel to a friend as a budget alternative when in London. I would also recommend the breakfast, just not the dinner :)	
May 19 2009 	Good London Hotel	This was my fith stay in London (3rd review of a london Hotel) and this Hotel is one of the better ones. The staff at the reception was friendly and open to recieve us. We booked the hotel in a package travel service so all the other tickets and maps were present at the desk. The room was cousy and clean. Also the restaurant is a nice choice when you like to eat something at the hotel.The hotel is close to the international Eurostar Trainstation (St Pancras) and also a major hub for the Tube-network.	
May 14 2009 	Decent hotel in convenient location	I booked this at short notice, but I spent a lot of time looking at various hotel booking sites trying to find a decent deal somewhere central that had good reviews. Nowhere really stood out. Decided to check Premier Inn, which came in slightly cheaper than similar hotels, and it had good reviews, which was probably the most important.Stayed here for 4 nights, didn't have any problems. We hadn't prebooked for breakfast, but we went along twice, which was no problem, just pay it when you turn up. Think it was £7.99 for breakfast, or you could get a coffee and croissant to takeaway. The info in our room mentioned a third option of a continental breakfast for about £5, but that wasn't available. Breakfast always busy, reasonable selection of the usual hot/cold stuff. They can also warm up a microwaveable porridge on order.Didn't eat in the hotel in the evenings, as we ate out nearby. Room of reasonable size, bathroom fine. Everything seemed clean and good condition. Slightly noisy at night due to being right next to Euston Rd and close to a fire station. Small safe in the room which you had to pay for I think. Iron and ironing board available near the lifts. Location very convenient; 5 mins walk from Euston station, St Pancras and Kings Cross. 15 mins from Russell Square and Regent's Park. Check out the British Library and/or the Wellcome Institute, both very close and with free wi-fi (nice cafe at the latter).Hotel has a couple of PCs if you need to check your email etc, for 20 pence per minute. They've also got a thing in reception for charging most types of phones for £1 a time, which could be handy.Service always very friendly and helpful. We were able to leave our bags in the hotel after checking out for collection later. Would stay here again without any hesitation.	
May 10 2009 	Most pleasant stay and staff where excellent	My wife and myself have just returned from a very pleasurable stay in the Premier Inn London Euston, Duke's Road, Euston, London and we found the experience memorable. All the aspects from reservation to departing was very special.ReservationThis was undertaken by telephone and the operator was very professional, helpful and gave a lot of assistance. There were a number of issues which neede to be clariication and how these would be resolved was fully explained.ArrivalOn the day prior to arrival at the hotel I received a text confirming the reference number and giving more details, e.g. evening meal costs, etc.On arrival at the hotel the staff were very polite, helpful and all had a smile on their faces, yet still professional. We had arrived early morning so left our case prior to visiting the city. Check in was again a pleasant exercise with all aspects fully explainedRoomOur room overlooked Duke's Road which was quiet with triple glazing, (not sure how quiet the rooms are overlooking Euston Road). Everything you required for the stay was available with clear helpful notices. It was very clean and extremely well decorated in relaxing colours. The bathroom was again very clean and water very hot at all times.BarWas very nice to return after a night at the theatre for a relaxing nightcap, in pleasant surroundings, staff again very good.RestaurantWe had decided to have breakfast (this had to be booked on arrival), which proved to be an excellent decision. On arrival we were greeted by again a smiling waitress, as were all the others, before the buffet system was explained together with the location of each type of food. The food was of a very high standard and there was no limit on what or how much you could eat.DepartureAgain very professional, although the siling faces were still visible.Overall an excellent experience and we shall certainly stay there again when next in London	
May 6 2009 	We love Premier Inns and this one is terrific	My wife and I based ourselves here from April 26 to May 3. Every time we walked in or out all week, staff at the front desk smiled and said hello. Our room was clean when we checked in and spotless every day when we returned from sightseeing. We had the breakfast buffet five mornings and enjoyed it. Most nights I went to the bar and had a nightcap while reading the paper and staff there were friendly and accommodating. A good safety feature here is that you need your room key to access the elevators. This Premier Inn is ideally located right between Euston and Kings Cross stations. From one or the other stations you can go anywhere. Nearby is a good Italian restaurant Prezzos. To the east is a good restaurant Euston Flyer and an O'Neills. Right down the block from the Premier Inn is a must see attraction--the amazing British Library with its stunning collection of rare books and other documents. We've now stayed at Premier Inns in Dublin, Belfast and London and have enjoyed each visit. Thanks to Simon, Elvio and all the staff at Euston for a very enjoyable visit!	
May 1 2009 	Great hotel in convenient location with excellent staff. – Recommended.	As with stays in other Premier Travel Inns we were not disappointed. One of the major plus points for us about Premier Travel Inn is that you know exactly what you should be getting and this hotel did not disappoint.We were give a room on the 4th floor overlooking the main road which was quite noisy when we checked in at 3pm on a Friday afternoon but was much quieter overnight which is when it needed to be! Room was large (especially for London), clean, comfortable and looked very fresh. When we arrived check-in was very busy even though there were three staff at reception – still only took a little over five minutes though. All staff we encountered in this hotel were extremely pleasant and seemed genuinely interested if we were enjoying our stay.An early evening request for extra pillows was met with a ‘sorry there will be a delay as housekeeping is very busy – you may have to wait up to 10 minutes’!?!?! And they arrived within that time frame – excellent service!We opted to have breakfast in the hotel and it was excellent – one of the best I have ever had in a hotel for £7.50. Hotel location is also excellent – less than five minutes walk to Euston station for both underground and over ground train services and plentiful buses. A 20 minute walk to Leicester Square/Convent Garden if you would rather walk than get the tube.Overall a great hotel in a good location with excellent staff.	
Apr 30 2009 	Good value location and clean!	This was my first trip to London, so I had no idea what to expect in hotels other than what I had read. The room was close to the tube, clean, large enough to walk in and a great price. The bathroom were nice and had a long tub to soak in. I would recommend this hotel if your looking for a nice, clean place to stay. It's not fancy, but we were barely in our room other than to sleep and take a bath. We went on to say at another premier in Durham and were not disappointed!The breakfast was also good for the money!Would stay again!	
Apr 26 2009 	Very Good	I stopped at this hotel for two nights in April 09 and I found it to be a very good hotel. I have stopped in a number of Premier Inn's in the past so didn't expect anything else. The hotel is in the perfect location, its between Euston &amp; St Pancras International Railway stations (short walk). This hotel is right next to a busy London road, this is one thing that would have put me off if I was choosing it myself, but the rooms barely let any noise in. The only noise you do hear is sirens, but as its a city that's not much of a surprise. Overall this is a very good hotel and I would recommend it.	
Apr 21 2009 	Excellent value for money!!!	I had travelled to Northern England to meet with a business associate but unfortunately the meeting was cancelled at the last minute.I returned by train to Euston the same day and walked into this smart looking modern hotel half-expecting that I would not be able to find accommodation.I was pleasantly surprised to find that rooms were available and that too at a very reasonable tariff for Central London. The room was spacious and neat and the double glazed windows did their job in muffling the traffic noise from Euston Road. The attached bathroom was also comfortably large.The buftet breakfast was wholesome and included in the tariff.It must be difficult to find a central london hotel that is as conveniently located to two mainline stations and is comfortable in almost every respect.I will definitely make it a point to stay there whenever I return to London.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great connectivity great value	Being on a last minute, and I mean really last minute, trip to London, the Premier Inn was the first hotel who had a room available for 3 nights. This is not a con, but an opportunity for those who get directed from St. Pancras to Russel Square and find themselves hopping from one fully booked hotel to another.This hotel is located at a 3 minute walk from Euston Station, which is connected well by train, tube and bus. You can reach any of your destinations quickly. St. Pancras is near, so it's a short shift to the main airports.The room was very clean, the bed very good and the bath/shower a delight. There was a flat screen TV, but who needs one when you're visiting London. Ventilation was a major flaw on the whole experience, something they should improve. Can't imagine it will get any better during the summer season ;-)For the party people: Scala is down the street. Get your tickets in advance and prepare for a long cue.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Location	The hotel was in a great location for accessing both London Euston and Kings Cross stations. There are a number of local shops and food places within a short walk.Our only issue with the hotel was the rooms got really hot and despite leaving the heating off to try and cool the room down, the cleaners had put the heating back on during the day. Also in our room, the window couldn't be opened which made the matter worse.The rooms are comfortable and clean if a little small but perfect for what we needed. This hotel is in a great location and an ideal base to explore London from for a few nights.	
Feb 23 2009 	Does what it says on the tin!	This is a clean and efficient no-frills hotel that does what you need for a visit to London where the room is somewhere to sleep... and its cheap Would stay again - special thanks to the staff who changed our room as the previous occupant had been smoking (which is illegal, not the hotel's fault but the ignorant smoker)Breakfast good standard, lots of choice if you don't do fry ups and free for kids.	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect for a short break - with kids	We have just got back from London staying as a family of five in two rooms. When we arrived we where given rooms at the opposite ends of the same floor but too far away from the kids ( teenaged and slightly younger). We asked for adjoining and got rooms on opposite sides of the corridor - So that was fine. The rooms where clean and big eonough for all. The staff always polite curteous and friendly, despite the weekend being obviously busy for them. Breakfast is good value ( kids ate free if the adults had a Breakfast at £7.95 ) and it was eat as much as you want. My only gripe was that there was no decaf coffee to be had. The hotel is 100 metres from Euston Station and the underground and on a busy Bus route so the sites are only a short ride away, there is plenty of restaurants around if you don't fancy the hotel restaurant (We didn't so I can't comment). The price for the long weekend stay was good value - remembering you are based in central London. We had a late returning train and where able to leave our bags in the hotel while we explored on the last day. All in all we wouild not hesitate about going again .	
Feb 20 2009 	Disappointed this time	I used to stay here a lot and really rated this hotel. This time there were a few problems. I'd asked for a quiet room, ut was given one next to a man whose endless phonecalls I could hear through the bedroom wall. Was given another room, but there was something wrong with the heating and you could hear someone urinating in another room.I used to stay on the fifth floor, but was told there was no room available there. During this stay I met a female colleague who said the fifth floor is now reserved for women only. Is this true? I've come across this plicy at another Premier Inn on the Wirrall. If it's true, it's blatantly sexist.Breakfast usual disappointment. Luke-warm beans, shrivelled bacon, cold eggs. Come on Premier Inn you can do better	
Feb 17 2009 	Just one problem......	I feel really bad writing this after all the great reviews but, we had a major letdown last night.We had booked the Premier Inn as we have used other ones before. My sister and two young children came to London to visit for the night. They had a 4 hour train journey. We had booked a family room weeks ago, for the four of us. We arrived at 2pm to be told that the family room wasnt ready. Fair enough, we left our bags and went into London to look around. The children were tired by 9pm and we made our way back to be told that the linen hadnt arrived and that we would have to wait!!!! in the end the staff gave us two rooms on separate floors. We were so tired. It was 1130 pm by the time we got the keys!! This is not good with young children. And I hadnt seen them for months but we were all separated. We kept been told that we were lucky to be charged for only one room but, even so, if that was the case we shouldve been able to book into those two rooms at a more civil time. Consequently, the children were knackered for their full day in London the next day!!!!!!!!! There were some good points but the whole episode has put us completely off.The rooms were spotless, although the spell of cleaning fluid was overpowering. If you get a room facing the main road, be prepared for abulances whizzing past every 20 minutes.The bar was lively and friendly (I needed a drink!!)The breakfast was great. All you wanted as many times and, the kids ate free.The staff were very amicable, even they couldnt believe it.It will be along time before we use them again, which is a shame.	
Feb 12 2009 	Location location location	This hotel was in the perfect location for my business trip. I needed a hotel near St Pancras station and the Welcome Trust on Euston Road and this was pretty much perfect for both - just a 5 minute walk to each. Room was very big - I had both a double and a single bed in my room - and the bathroom was pretty big too. Breakfast was nice and had plenty of choice. My booking included a free evening meal in the restaurant but as my colleagues and I fancied a curry we didn't eat in the restaurant for dinner. Only one negative - the room had two controls for heating. One which worked and one which didn't. Guess which one is by the entrance to the room? And which one is hidden away around the corner next to the bed? Yes, that's right. So I only spotted the one that didn't work when I went to bed and set the temperature to 21 °C. Unfortunately the correctly working control was set to a chilly 17. So I woke up cold.So apart from the problems with the heating I would recommend this hotel for business trips.	
Jan 8 2009 	Excellent location to explore London	As a treat I took my two teenage daughters to London for New Year's Eve to do some sightseeing and watch the fireworks at midnight. The hotel is excellently located to explore London. It's just a short walk from Euston and Kings Cross tube station. The reception staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was good value. Children under 16 eat free so three all you can eat breakfasts for £8.00 was well worth it! The room was clean and the beds comfortable. We were not disturbed by other guests or from traffic noise. I would recommend Premier Inn Euston to anyone looking for a great budget hotel in an excellent location.	
Jan 5 2009 	Now a Loyal Customer for PTI	I am in total agreement with other positive reviews here; and have stayed here again and again.There is one sour note. With a lot of extra luggage in hand, we asked the front desk to call us a taxi to take us to a nearby Tube station Russell Square (ten minute walk). What we got was a shady crook of a taxi operator who wanted £15 to go this short distance and who continued to lie about luggage capacities of normal taxi cabs, about special holiday rates, etc. Refusing to give business or to waste any more time to a lying crook, I simply walked over to Euston station (5 minute walk) to get a normal taxi driver who drove back to pick up wife and luggage and then took us to Russell Square Tube station for less than £5 total.So beware if you want to get a taxi from this location.Other notes. Taxi from Kings Cross Tube Station (also a ten minute walk) to this PTI is £3.The breakfast buffet of £8 looks like an interesting deal. For the same price though, a more interesting meal can be found at any of a number of pubs in short walking distance.	
Dec 14 2008 	Great Location for London Stopover	We stayed for 1 night on the 29th November, before getting the eurostar early the next morning.We paid £90 for the room, and I thought this was great value for money for the location on a Saturday night in London.The hotel is 2-3 mins away from St Pancras station and Kings Cross, and there are a few cafes and restaurants doted around nearby.The room was very modern, clean with nice furnishings and a very comfy bed! Staff were very nice and helpful and we were able to check into the room early, which was great.The only downer was there was a lot of condensation on the windows of our room and a slight damp smell, as were on the Euston Road side we could not open our windows to try and get rid of this.Overall though a good budget hotel (rooms are much higher quality than travelodges). The Novotel across the road is approx £120.00 a night, and I think if you want a quick stop over the Premier Travel Inn is much better value.	
Dec 9 2008 	Pleasant but overpriced	Needing somewhere to stay close to Euston for one night, I chose this hotel.It was pretty expensive by my standards (&gt;$100), but comparable with other hotels in this area.The hotel itself is modern, and looks to be recently refitted. The room was nicely decorated, very stylish, modern, clean.There was a small LCD screen TV, and a really comfortable bed.The windows didn't open, probably because of noise from Euston road, which I didn't really notice overnight as I was so tired.However, the previous occupant must have been a smoker (even though the room was non-smoking), and I never really did get rid of the smell.The only odd thing - the bathroom didn't have any toiletries (there is a silly explanation about how customers really prefer not to have them... when paying upwards of £100 a night, I'd expect a little something perhaps). Instead, there were public-toilet style dispensers for hand wash and toilet paper - felt a little clinical in there.Overall, a smart and clean hotel, but really overpriced for what it is. In other cities and countries, you can get much more for your money.	
Oct 28 2008 	Perfect But for .....	Stayed for one night 24th October Check in was very efficient and we were given our rooom at 12pm well before 2.pm we thought we could check in. Parked our car on site for a very reasonable rate for London Our room was very clean and had everything we needed nice flat screen tv and bathroom modern and clean. we had breakfast all you could eat for £7.95 and it was really good everything was fresh and of a good quality. The staff were very friendly and helpful This would have been a perfect stay in fact nearly as good as the stay we had at their other hotel at Kings Cross that was 5 * But we had been given a front facing room overlooking the main road in Euston and being a light sleeper was awake most of the night due to the sound of Police and Ambulance sirens going up and down the road all through the night. While I accept the emergency services need to let traffic know they are coming through i don't think at 4am when there was no traffic to speak of they needed to sound the sirens. I realise this is not the fault of the hotel but perhaps mentioning there could be a problem with noise we would have asked for a room facing the rear of the property Which would have been better for us. Even being tired on our second day couldn't spoil a lovely quick break to London and a really nice stay at this hotel, with everything else being perfect.	
Oct 23 2008 	Very positive experience	Travelling on my own for business purposes I am a little wary of London hotels, having had some less than pleasant experiences.My stay at this hotel was literally faultless. From check in to check out everyone I encountered was 100% helpful and friendly without being pushy. I was recommended at check in to book a table for dinner because it was going to be a busy evening. How right she was - the place was heaving! This did not seem to affect either the service or the quality of the food. Both were excellent.Breakfast was also very good, and a particularly good point for me was that the waiter took me round the restaurant before seating me so that I could see where everything was.My room was spotlessly clean and the bed was very comfortable. I could hear voices from the room next door, but as I always travel with ear plugs at the ready, this did not affect me getting a good night's sleep. I heard no noise whatsoever from outside.This hotel is outstanding value for money and I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Oct 15 2008 	Can't beat it for the price!	I stayed here with 3 friends and thought that it would be a very basic place to lay our heads, ahead of catching the early morning eurostar on the following day. I was very impresed with the quality of accommodation, service, cleanliness, food and location. Everything had been thought through - speedy breakfasts, quick meals before theatre etc! The restaurant is very pleasant and I would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 1 2008	Thumbs up!	My Mother and I stayed at the Premier Inn Euston last weekend.We where in London to do lots of sight-seeing and basically just wanted somewhere decent to put our heads down for the night.The hotel is just what it says on the tin - with a little extra, dare I say.We booked a twin room via the hotel's website, this turned out to be a queen size bed plus a single sofa bed, both of which where comfy with quality bedding. The room was equipped with everything it states on the hotels website. On arrival the receptionist was polite and helpful, and on both nights we slept well with no disturbance from the traffic outside or other guests.We also paid the £7.50 each for breakfast - which was well worth the money. As a fussy vegetarian I always have a slight worry when it comes down to food - but there was plenty for me to choose from - in fact one morning I think I ate a little too much!The hotel is well situated, around 5 minutes (10, if like us you struggle to cross the busy roads!) from Euston Station - which has brilliant underground and bus links to almost every part of the city!I would certainly stay there again!	
Sep 19 2008 	Stay here	Stayed here with two sons and son's wife. We all agree with everything that's been said . Had the £7.50 breakfast. Amazing value, good quality food and well cooked. Wide variety. The only fault was the VERY slow service at the evening meal , which was again well cooked and good quality. Would stay here again at the drop of a hat.	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent stay at Premier Inn	Was pleasantly surprised to have a wonderful nights stay at the Premier Inn at Euston!Booked it at the last minute and got a reduced room rate. Arrived around midnight and staff were very welcoming and helpful. The guy on reception told us that they guarantee you a good nights sleep. We found that comment a bit odd but come the morning realised he was absolutely right! I'm not sure how they did it (?!) but we had a brilliant sleep in a super comfy bed! Maybe they pipe something into the room???!!!The room was really big and very clean and quiet. We didnt have the breakfast but we did park at the hotel which was also really handy for central London.Overall a really good hotel that we would recommend and use again.	
Aug 27 2008 	Spotlessly clean!	We stayed here for one night to escape the noise from the Notting Hill Carnival, which was taking place right by our flat.My husband booked the room by phone half an hour before we showed up at 9:00pm. Jorge (he told us it was pronounced &quot;George&quot;) checked us in. He was pleasant, polite, and efficient. Most importantly, he gave us a very quiet room, which was what we had asked for.The room itself was cleaner than some of the 3-5 star hotels we've stayed in before!The bed was amazingly comfortable, and the pillows didn't sink in to become flat, as is the case in many hotels.We didn't have the £7.50 buffet breakfast, but for London this is quite reasonable.When we left, we gave our keycard to a lovely girl who looks like she's probably a goth normally, and she was very polite and all smiles too.After this experience, I can't believe that any tourists ever stay in those overpriced, dingy bed and breakfast hotels that are so popular around Queensway/Bayswater.	
Aug 22 2008 	Excellent location	My wife and I spent 6 days there in July, 2008. The location is perfect, just next to the London Eye. Westminster Bridge, Big Ben, Houses of Parliament are 5 minutes away. It's in the middle of London. Rooms are clean and tidy. Staff are always very helpful. It is also within walking distance to Waterloo and Embankment tube stations. Breakfast was very nice though not included in the price of the room.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great location! Great Breakfast! Lousy Staff!	We are a family of 2 adults, 2 kids and my main requirement in London was that we could stay in one room with a bathroom, breakfast, hotel had an elevator and location was decent. Premier Inn has a great location - near one of the main Tube stations and near the Eurostar (5 minutes walking from each) - great since we were taking the Eurostar at the end of our stay. The breakfast buffet was awesome and since the kids ate free, the price ended up being reasonable. Kept us fed till the evening. Room was comfortable and quiet and the A/C was tolelrable.... but... Family room meant that they added two lumpy small mattresses on either side of the bed for the kids (their website implied the kidsa ctually get a real bed). It took us 3 days to get extra pillows (I need several due to a sinus condition). The staff kept saying that each room has 2 per person, and I kept explaining that is only when there are only 2 people int eroom. Also took us 2 days to get more soap (we were completely out) and clean towels. Laundrette is non-existant. Staff sent us on 2 wild goose chases, wasting an entire evening of our vacation looking for a laundrette. Finally someone gave us the addresses of the laundry facility and we realized the nearest was 3km away. Do not use the restaurant - we waited 30 mintes to get seated (even though it was almost empty), 20 mintues to order, food came out one at a time instead of all at once and we waited an additional 20 mintues to get hte check. Another night it took me 25 minutes to get a slice of cheesecake to go. Staff was very unknowledgeable and on several other occasions gave us incorrect information and didn't do simple things we asked. If you want to use the phone, even for toll-free calls you need to buy a calling card for 5 pounds and if you don't use all the money on the card you don't get a refund. all-in-all, I don'tt regret using them since it had a good location and breakfast, but they are severely lacking in customer service.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great For Families With Small Children!!!	We stayed at this premier inn for the sake of price and we were not let down, The hotel is in an excellent location just a 2 minute walk to Euston Station/Bus station. The actual hotel is great the staff are very kind and helpful they were always cheery. The room was Clean and roomy and included tea and coffee. There was a cot for our 3 month old son already set up when we got into the room which was excellent as he had fallen asleep on the way to the hotel. The bathroom was spotless. and a big plus was the air conditioner! All in all it was the best hotel stay I've had in London! Definitely recommended.	
Aug 4 2008 	great location/service/food	Didnt feel too optimistic when we got in a taxi at Marylebone station and the driver did not know the hotel or the road !, &quot;these chains change hads so often it had to keep up&quot;, Showed him my map and off he went, so much for &quot;The Knowledge&quot;. Hotel was busy on arrival and staff appeared to be doing something other than serving arrivals, the manager noticed this apologised and dealt with us himself. We have booked 2 rooms, one was ready (11:00am) so checked in and dumped our stuff.  The room was clean, fresh, on the side away from the road so very quiet. as this is a busy hotel the lifts tended to take some time 5 floors in total. Euston Station is across the road and Euston Square Tube is a couple of blocks away, so you have access to prety much all the Underground lines, which was good as Circle and District were shut on our weekend.When we got back to the hotel later our second room was available, but despite asking for rooms close to each other the second room was a couple of corridors away, but again to the same high standard as the first room. We all spent a comfortable nights sleep and set off for breakfast, we had been warned at check in that the breakfast was very busy between 8 &amp; 10, but we took the risk going at 9. had to wait about 5 minutes before a table for 4 was available, which I thought was very good. Breakfast up to normal good standard, but couple of things, no cups to make you own tea, had to chase a waitress down to go and get some out of the dish washer. Glassed for the COLD drinks were piping HOT again just coming out of the dishwasher one last little thing, this is an &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast, but when the waiters took the plates away he also took the cutlery, so if we had wanted more (which we didnt actually) we would have had to chase some replacements. Over all a very good standard all over, hotel has a bar and resturant (where the breakfast is served in the morning, and a Costa coffee bar, we did not use any of these.note there is a M&amp;S at the station, so wine /beer /goodies can be sourced cheaper that the bar prices.	
Aug 4 2008 	A Chain Hotel done well!	We were catching a late train into London and wanted a hotel to crash at for the night, so found this in short walking distance of Euston. While many of the travelodge, holiday inns, premier inns, etc. tend to blend into one another it was really nice to stay at one that will linger in the mind as it had no problems and great staff.The whole place was clean, tidy and the staff were genuinely friendly and helpful.The room was no surprise with all the usual stuff, a little small but fine for two. There was the potential for noise as the walls seem a little thin but we were at the rear of the hotel so noticed no traffic. Room and bathroom all very clean and tidy. Also had a snack at the restaurant downstairs (1 Duke Street? I think) which seemed fairly good value for money in London.It's not 5 stars as £90 a night is never exactly cheap, but on the whole a very pleasant surprise.	
Jul 31 2008	Nice but bad staff attitude....	Nice little hotel - very comfortable and convenient. Sadly it was let down by the people staffing the restaurant who were rude and didn't seem to give a s..t about what they were doing. In particular there was some Turkish or possibly Greek-looking gentleman behind the bar whose attitude really stank. But anyway, for the price (about 100 quid a night) you can't really complain. Overall good value	
Jul 24 2008	Excellent Hotel	I've just come back from a weeks stay in London at the Premiere Inn Euston. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough, As I was travelling to London alone with my daughter I had a number of concerns before I left eg would the hotel be noisy at night from other guests, would the room be big enough for a weeks stay as we would be staying in from about 9pm, would the hotel be child friendly? I have to say on all these counts the hotle was excellent. They have a good nights sleep policy which seems to mean that you get your money back if you are disturbed at night etc. We did not hear any noise during our entire stay, the rooms seem to be fully insulated and you couldn't even hear TV etc from other rooms. The rooms themselves are big enough- we had a queensize bed and a full sized single bed in the room, a desk, TV and shelving unit, coffee maker, seperate bathroom etc. They do not include breakfast in the room rate but I would highly recommend paying the extra £7.50 for their breakfast. My daughters breakfast was free once I both breakfast for myself. There was everything available in unlimited supply- fresh fruits, juices, breads, rolls, sausages, rashers, egg, yoghurts, granola, cereals, tea, latte, hot chocolate etc. A very good start to the day. The other things I really liked about this hotel were- they seem to have a policy of acknowledging and smiling at everyone entering and leaving the building which is very nice. And secondly the house cleaning staff were really excellent and cleaned the room at any time- we left our room at about 5pm fully expexcting it to be in a mess when we got back but the hosue cleaning staff had cleaned it by the time we got back which I was very happy about. The only problem was that they did not have a safe in the room which is a bit of a pain, but a minor one. If I was going back to London I wouldn't bother looking anywhere else and would book directly with this hotel again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Excellent for families	Easy to find opposite Euston Station, checked in an hour early but reception were very helpful and had a room ready for us. Room was big enough for a double and two singles (on the floor) and the glazing did its best to keep the traffic noise from the Euston Road at bay and generally succeeded. Room was hot - but all hotel rooms are hot in my experience - air con was provided and worked to some extent. Windows don't open (on purpose) in the room but that's a minor niggle. Overall cleanliness of room and linen excellent, bathroom spotless and everything worked as it should - everyone said beds were comfortable.So few hotels in London cater for families of four and this was ideal fo a one night stopover. I have stayed in London on business in more expensive hotels in than this and sometimes found them to be well below the standards here.We paid for two adult breakfasts and the kids ate free - ample seating and lots of good quality and choice on offer to suit all tastes.Could have done without the false fire alarm at 08:30am but these things happen - staff were very apologetic.Highly recommended and would definitely use again	
Jul 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Myself and my boyfriend stayed at the Premier Inn London Euston Hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of July. I would highly recommend this hotel. On arrival we were greated by a very friendly and helpful receptionist. Our room was quite spacious and really clean. It was very warm and we could not open the windows but thankfully they provide a fan in the room which is definately needed. The all you can eat breakfast was amazing and the hotel restaurant at night was fantastic value and the food was delicious. The only downside I could find was the location. it is quite a walk to get to the major attractions but there were always cabs and buses about. Overall I would recommend this hotel for a short break. I would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Perfect for a 'stop-over'!	I booked one room for my 12 year old son and myself - one large double bed and a more than adequate 'z bed' type of contraption - perfectly comfortable and more than adequate for his needs. The room and bathroom was spotlessly clean with good quality linen, pillows and towels. Superb power shower too!Tea / coffee / biscuits were provided with a decent kettle and (surprise, surprise) a proper hairdryer! What a rarity! Our room was very quiet (at the back of the hotel) and I honesty didn't hear one siren all night! It's crowning glory is its' very close proximity to both Euston and St Pancras - as long as your luggage has wheels both are only moments away. Breakfast was excellent (continental and hot) but a downside is that food is only served unitl 10pm in the evening - we checked in at 10.05pm and were too late to order pizza for my son - 11pm would be a better time in such a busy city centre budget hotel in my opinion. Cost was £110 for midweek with £7.50 for breakfast (children's b/fast is free) on the premier inn website - didn't bother to shop around on price as I needed a confirmed booking in a rush - the hotel price in reception said £150 for midweek but I'm sure no-one ever pays that much! Ideal for a one night stopover - I felt very safe as the toilets in reception and lifts to the rooms are controlled by your key card. Would stay again without doubt!	
Jul 1 2008 	Stayed one night last weekend in June. Fantastic!	Staff extremely friendly and helpful. Room extremely clean &amp; comfortable. Flat screen TV with hundreds of channels. Triple glazing blocked out road noise. Room warm bur air con OK. Breakfast fantastic and Costa cappucino's/lattes free(from machine). Convenient for Euston and Central London. Would definitely stay again. One problem, I booked on credit card and paid cash. They wanted other ID which I wasn't aware that I needed to take. Beware.	
May 31 2008 	SHAME THAT THEY HAVE SEALED UP THE WINDOWS	Much work has gone on to re-furbish and add bedrooms over the last year or so and prices have gone up to match Eurostar being close-by. Sadly, opening windows have been sealed and the air circulation system does not chill the bedrooms. On a cold May night, the bedroom temperature never fell below 25c. Staff are friendly and cheerful from many cultural backgrounds. The hotel is squeaky clean and the rooms a good size and significantly re-furbished. Rooms on the Bloomsbury side are much quieter than those overlooking Euston Road.	
May 29 2008 	The one for the expensive hotels to fear!	I'm a life-long devotee of the Holiday Inn in Mayfair, and have just become sick of the huge prices for the pretty average rooms and the add-on's, and the indifferent staff there - so I've checked into the Premier Inn, half way between Kings Cross and Euston, on the last two visits to London.The only down-side in my view, is the location, if you're returning to the hotel late at night - personally I think it warrants a taxi right to the door rather than public transport, for safety.Otherwise, 11 out of 10 for these guys - the newly completed refurb makes this an ideal 'budget' hotel - it can still be over £100 at busy times, but on average it has been £100 less than the Mayfair hotels.The rooms are new, clean, airy, the breakfast is excellent 'all you can eat' value, all the staff are young, pleasant, motivated people, and it's literally ten minutes maximum walk to KX, Euston or St Pancras, with Euston Square nearby too.This is a huge step up from the old Travel Inn format, which frankly was uncomfortably shabby latterly, and I think Premier deserve every success.You've got to question why you'd pay £100 more, for an old place in Mayfair that is looking and feeling really tired. It's much more fashionable to pay less for better service - look at Primark!	
May 20 2008 	Great Staff	Booked this hotel after reading reviews on this site. Fantastic hotel. Staff were very helpfull and could not do enough for you.If I visit london again, I will certainly stay at this hotel.	
May 16 2008 	Not a shining example of the chain	Stayed for a business event over several days. Handy for Euston Station and not shabby for Kings Cross St Pancras either. Service wasn't great, staff didn't seem to know what was going on, and check in and check out took a needlesly long time, with the now all too common language barriers in London making things harder. My room was clean, but rather small. Several residents complained about road noise in the rooms on the front of the hotel - ask for a room at the back or side if you want a good night's sleep. Didn't use the restaurant other than for breakfast, which wasn't great even by Premier Inn standards. Other than the handy location, it seems expensive for what you get, even factoring in London pricing. OK as a basic base if you can get a deal through a rebooker - not worth rack rate unless you're desparate.	
Apr 23 2008 	Lenry Henry would be proud of Euston!!	LOCATION: 5/10 mins walk from Kings Cross and the nearest Underground LinkHOTEL: Clean, Modern and very welcoming STAFF: We found staff both at reception and restuarants to be more than helpful, friendly and politeROOMS: Our room was on the second floor, which overlooked the main entrance, the only outside noise we heard was the chime of bells. Bed really comfortable and most welcoming after a long day shopping!!Added bonus the bathroom had a bath as well as a shower, which is also great after a tireing day down Oxford Street.Although the hotel has gone for the modern, clean and minimal look which is nice, the vanity unit in the rooms is in an odd place, right outside the bathroom door which means when getting ready to go out you can be on top of each other.BREAKFAST: The price of the breakfast my seem steep compared to other places but it was worth it. We had ample hot and cold food to choose from...........I would recommend having this, it will set you up for the day.Last time we went to London we stayed at the Kings Cross Inn, but would not hesitate in staying or recommending this one also.	
Apr 3 2008 	Good sized room for London	I spent three nights here away on business in March / April 2008. My initial impression of the hotel wasn't the best. The reception area is currently being refurbished, so had to wait in the lobby until a member of staff was free to help, however, they were clearly trying to deal with arrivals as efficiently as they could.The room was good, more spacious than most in London, very clean, and the bed comfortable. WiFi access was £9 for 24 hours. The evening meals were fine, breakfast plentiful (all you can eat for £7.50) and restaurant modern in appearance. The only issue I encountered was with one of the lifts, which didn't seem to want to leave the floor I was staying on. I struggled to explain this to the members of staff nearby as English wasn't their first language, but the problem seemed to have been resolved by the following morning.The location is convenient, five minutes walk from Euston and Kings Cross, so a good place to stay if you want to get around by tube. All in all, I'd recommend the hotel as a place to stay in London.	
Mar 30 2008 	Good location and room	Have now used this Premier Inn on a number of occasions ... partially because near the tube, partially because on street parking in the area is free and fairly accesible at the weekend if you know where to look. Currently being refurbished - has improved the rooms, which are undoubtedly basic but have decent bed / shower with adequate TV. Reception service helpful, room very clean. Not too badly priced by London standards (90 prpn r/o at weekends), but worth noting that if you are prepared to pay £15 more and shop around you can get a lot more for your money. However, very easy to book online, and usually possible to get a room at the last minute.	
Mar 19 2008	Great Location 	Stayed 2 nights for a London break. Great location, good sized clean room,and quiet. Bathroom very clean, plenty of towels etc'  Breakfast was probably one of the best for the price paid,anywhere in London. Overall a good stay, with a good price.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great location surprisingly quiet	I've stayed at this hotel about a dozen times over the last 3 years (business and pleasure) and I've only had 1 bad night's sleep (noisy people in the room next door, who kept running about the corridors...) Even if you get a room facing Euston road it's amazingly quiet, you hear faint traffic noise - if you can't stand even that level of noise, ask for a room at the back.The rooms are always really neat and clean, you know what you're going to get every time. The flat screen tvs have Freeview channels. Tea &amp; coffee making facilities, plus a hairdryer.The staff are always helpful, I've never had any problems with check in/out/bookings, and it's such a reasonable price for such a central location in London, a short walk to British Library, British Museum, Wellcome Museum (fascinating!) and of course King's Cross tube station etc.I didn't hear any building work, though they are renovating the bar/restaurant at the moment.	
Jan 4 2008 	My Favourite Hotel in London	I've used this hotel quite a few times now over the years, and it has always been my first choice due to its central location, literally across the road from Euston railway station and a 10 minute walk from St Pancras/King's Cross. The rooms have always been clean, roomy and my experience of the staff there has always been excellent. At the back end of 2007 they have just completed a huge renovation project to bring the hotel back up to scratch again, because at my next-to-last visit in late '06 the fixtures and fittings were starting to get a bit tired. But the whole place looks a lot more upmarket now, and up to the same standard as Premier Inn's other establishment just up the road at York Way, King's Cross. The new beds are supremely comfortable - top marks! I do hope that they also refurbish the lobby areas and lifts - which are showing their age a bit.At my last stay extra towels were brought up the minute I discovered that the room service had forgot to provide them. On an earlier visit in the year, they staff also went out of their way to give me the last room after I took a chance on a budget hotel and got my fingers burnt (that's another story....).The only thing that has always let this hotel down is the food and drink which is quite frankly overpriced and average - the food is basically pub standard - good enough perhaps for the much cheaper (Premier) Travel Inns found next to motorways (which are usually next to a Whitbread Brewers' Fayre), but in Central London absolutely not. You'd be far better off trunding down to Soho or Covent Garden (about 20 minutes walk or a short Tube journey) and grabbing breakfast or a meal down at one of the myriad of little bistros and restuarants which can offer far better food which is often cheaper. Same goes for the drink - I was relieved of nearly £9 just for two spirit mixers. £4.30 each???? That's a rip-off even by London standards!!!One other slight gripe is that the hotel is directly across the road from Euston fire station and you may hear the odd extra siren or two; but this is the centre of London and you will hear plenty of them anyway!Overall this is a great hotel and I'd recommend it to anyone visiting London for the first time and wants to stay centrally - you can't really go wrong with this one.	
Jan 1 2008 	Very comfy beds!	Booked a family room at this hotel just a couple of days in advance for New years eve.Payed £136 pounds which is fairly pricey, but i guess this was because it was new years eve.We arrived at the hotel a couple of hours early to see if it would be ok to leave our bags there.We were pleasantly surprised to be told that we could have our room there and then which was much welcome.Check in was quick and freindly.Our room was lovely. Small but very cosy. Spotlessly clean and obviously very newly renovated.The bed was unbelievably comfy, again very new. Bathroom was great with lovely powerful shower and plenty of fresh white towels. Room was very peaceful and comfortable could not fault a thing.Would have loved to give this hotel excellent had it not been for a small incident in the morning.We had been told on check in that we would be entitled to a complimentary breakfast box in the morning as the hotel does not have a restaurant at the moment. When i called reception at 10.30 in the morning to find out where we collected this from i was told by an off-hand member of staff that this was over at 10am. (thought that maybe they could be a little bit lenient as it was New years day!).My husband then popped downstairs to get some more tea bags so that at least we could have a drink. He asked if it would be ok to have another of the tiny packs of complimentary biscuits as i needed to take medication which had to be taken with food. He was given the tea bags but refused the biscuit! This resulted in me having to take my medication late. I do think however that this incident was down to one or two badly trained individuals.However it is a shame as it does reflect badly on the hotel.Location was very good and pretty easy to get to most places,We went to watch the fireworks and were pleased that we were able to walk back to the hotel rather than attempt to get on the tube.	
Dec 19 2007 	Enjoyed the Premier Inn	Me and my husband stayed that the Premier Inn Euston in late October 2007. There were renovations taking place and it was a bit noise, but for a good cause!The room was not big, but very cousy and had everything. Lovely bed and lots of pillows. Very clean a very good hotel. Service was also perfect.The hotel is in a very good location for Euston Station and St Pancras Station. A bit expensive, but good quality for money when comparing prices for the London area.	
Dec 14 2007 	Excellent hotel	This hotel suited my needs perfectly. A 2 night business stay in London. The rooms were spotless and the shower was excellent. Very comfortable large bed. What more do you need really. The restaurant was closed for restoration so the staff offered a complimentary breakfast if required. Overall reasonable value for a hotel in London.	
Nov 27 2007 	I liked it! would defo stop there again...!	Really liked this place...Glad we stopped here and not the one in kings cross..as that looked quite a dingier area.staff were nice, room nice, bathroom nice :). really liked it.. would definitely stop again as is so close to everywhere like the train station, underground. liked it v.much..we also went to the hilton euston where are friends were staying and too b honest..i liked it better at premier inn.. and hilton was like £50 more a night than the inn..lauren xx	
Nov 26 2007 	It'll be nice when its finished	My wife and I stayed for a few nights in early November. We have stayed here ofetn before. The hotel is nearing the end of a very long refurbishment. The fire alarm was set off one evening due to dust from workers on the third floor.We were in a newly refurbished room on the top floor which was OK except that they were still painting and completing other rooms on the same corridor.The staff were very helpful but obviously a bit frazzled by the pressure of running a hotel in a building site.Traffic noise is high in the rooms, especially those on Euston Road. If you are a light sleeper this is not the hotel for you.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great hotel	We loved our stay at Premier Inn London Euston - the location is great, close to St.Pancras, Kings Cross and Euston. We walked everywhere - it takes about 20 min to walk to Westend and Oxford street. The room is quite big and clean, with a tea kettle. We asked for a room in the back, so there was no noice from the street. The breakfast is very good, too, with a lot of choices, and kids under 16 eat free with a paying adult. Would definitely stay again.	
Nov 5 2007 	Must Try Harder	Most hotel owners worth their salt are busy upgrading or building hotels in this part of London thanks to the opening of the new Eurostar St Pancras terminal just up the road from this hotel.Whilst our room was newly refurbished and clean, our room directly faced the Euston Road - one of London's busiest arteries. The sound proofing was practically non-existent. Oh, and there's a noisy pub right across the street which adds to the decibels. I would try getting a room that isn't facing this way.It is in a great location for Euston Station, Euston Square, Warren Street, Kings Cross and St Pancras public transport links.Just one other thing I didn't like about the refurb - the rooms have horrible fluorescent lighting everywhere. This isn't a deal breaker I know, but it did make the room feel clinical.We can't comment on the hotel food, but we came across the &quot;Bree Louise&quot; pub in nearby Cobourg Street, close to Euston Station. Amazing pies (we had the Magners &amp; Pork and 3 Cheese Veggie) and beautiful real ale for well under £10 a head. A good little find away from the tourist traps!	
Oct 11 2007 	Work in progress	Overall a good stay, friendly staff, very clean hotel with above average service both in the bar and the cafe, sometimes thought i had been transported to eastern europe as i didnt meet anyone English but thats probably why the service was so good!Very noisy at the front of the hotel so a good tip would be to request a room at the rear, there is building work taking place but it didnt bother me at all, drinks in the bar are average for London (£3.26 for a Guiness), if you are arriving in to Euston it is an ideal place as it is right across the road, it also is just a short walk from Kingscross, would i stay here again.... no, but thats just due to there being so much more choice here.The food here was fine, i had the sea bass and ceaser salad, both were tasty and the all you can eat breakfast was great, the staff really are fantastic, this is a budget hotel and for less than £100.00 per night i really cant complain.	
Sep 9 2007 	Perfect for short stays in London	Whilst the Premier Travel Inn at Euston will never win any awards for style, glamour or charm, if you are on a budget (less than £90 a night) as a clean comfortable place to stay for a few nights in central London it takes some beating.We stayed there for just one night and apart from a rather self important check in clerk, the hotel delivered exactly what it said on the tin. Whilst possessing all the charm of a Ford Mondeo, the room itself was relatively spacious, had a clean bathroom, TV, kettle etc and most importantly a comfortable bed with a great snuggly duvet and good pillows. Attached to the hotel is a perfectly adequate restaurant which did us a lovely &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast for £7.50 and although we didnt partake, the dinner menu looked ok as well.Location wise, the hotel is five mins walk from Euston, St Pancras or Kings Cross mainline &amp; underground stations, on several bus routes and within 30 mins stroll from the West End.Whilst the hotel is completely devoid of character and the decor is slightly faded for a clean comfortable night in central London on a budget I think anyone woudl have trouble beating it.	
Aug 7 2007 	Worst Hotel in London	Chose this hotel because of the convenient location - what a mistake.It's a chain so I wasn't expecting much and in terms of facilities and got the boring standard fare.But, every morning I was woken up - sometimes as early as half seven - by the building work, which went on till about seven at night.When I tried to complain about this because the website has said this would only happen between 9 and 5 I was met with a receptionist who was obviously getting bored of hearing about it. She said that the management had told them to stop doing it but the builders ignored them.I understand that businesses need to do improvements from time to time but what I can't understand is a hotel manager who doesn't seem to care about ensuring his guests' comfort.I won't be staying in another Travel Inn.	
Jul 21 2007 	I'm afraid I hated it	I was just browsing hotels that I'd previously stayed in and was surprised that this place did so well. I had to stay here for a week whilst working in London at short notice as nothing else was available.The lift button to my floor didn't work unless it was kept held in and there were security cameras in the corridors which made it feel like a prison. The room was clean but basic to the point of being spartan - to be fair though, you don't expect luxury from a Premier Travel Inn . Unfortunately there was no way of cooling the room down and the thermometer read at least 24 degress all night. If I opened the window I couldn't sleep due to the noise from the Euston Road (the hotel is also opposite a fire station). When I took a shower, water from a mysterious source dripped down through the ceiling on to me.The location is good and as long as you don't stay during the summer you might even get some sleep. Personally, I'd rather take my chances in a cardboard box under Waterloo Bridge than stay here again though.	
Jun 19 2007 	We loved it	We ended up here after checking out of the budget Alhambra Hotel after a bad experience there. We just came upon it as we were walking around looking for a place. We had been trying to avoid the chain type hotel, but boy were glad we found this place. It was more money than the budget hotel we had planned on, but it was still reasonable by London standards and it was extremely comfortable. The room and bathroom were good sized - similar to an American chain type hotel. The bed was good sized and comfortable - I especially liked the crisp white bedding and comforter. The best part for us (this was last July 2006 and it was HOT), was that it had AC and it worked well. Very easy access to the Tube to get anywhere you want. The front desk people were friendly and helpful. We found them generally quite young, and not necessarily very knowledgeable regarding city/tourist information, but still pleasant to deal with. It seems they are more geared toward European business travelers than tourists. We especially appreciated their kindness when we were robbed, and they let us use the phone at the front desk to call our banks, credit card companies, etc. We also enjoyed the bar/lounge that is tucked away behind the front lobby. Nice for a nightcap when you return from a long day of sightseeing.	
Jun 9 2007	Good Value 	We stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Euston at the end of April, 2007 based, in part, on other Trip Advisor reviews. We were completely satisfed and would definitely return.The location is very convenient to two tube stops (Euston &amp; King's Cross/St. Pancras) which offers easy connections to many of the London Underground lines. The West End/Theatre district is an easy trip via King's Cross on the Piccadilly line.The room was very clean and sufficiently large (by London standards). The price we paid was extremely reasonable for central London. The staff was friendly.On our trip, we started and ended in London. At the end of our trip, we stayed at another Premier Travel Inn location. Our experience was the same. Based on our two stays, I would again stay at any location of the Premier Travel Inn without hesitation.	
Jun 2 2007	Good value	Stayed for one night 31st May - staff very helpful and friendly.The room was bigger than expected and clean. Excellent value for money and would stay here again. Breakfast was excellent - good selection and standard for £7.50.Recommended	
May 10 2007 	Good Value 2007 renovation works	200 yards from Euston station, the room I had was a reasonable size and clean. I enjoyed my stay there and would go back. The hotel is under going renovation work for most of 2007 so there is a bit of banging about the place after 09:00am. Also, the hotel is on a busy road so ear plugs might be an idea. Restaurant is advisable to book ahead. Reasonable bar with reasonable prices.	
May 9 2007 	good value at travel inn	Booked Travel Inn after reading reviews on tripadvisor. Stayed Thursday and Friday night 26th, 27th April. Couldnt bring myself to pay £200 plus for a Thursday night that some other places were charging. My daughter and I were in London to see Sound of Music , to do some shopping and sight seeing. Travelled into Kings Cross and hotel is at the most 10 min walk from there,check in was quick , room of a fair size ,one large double and a sofa made up as bed as well. Bathroom had full size bath(stayed in a far more expensive hotel before christmas and its bath wasnt long enough to lay down in) all very clean and not worn or shabby. Pre paid for breakfast £7.50 each ,choice was excellent and standard of food very good. Must mention lady in charge of restaurant very nice and efficient. Would stay again as there was a good standard of accommodation, hotel was well placed and staff very pleasant. Euston tube over road, we also walked to covent Garden from hotel ,may be to far for some but nice to do if not pushed for time. Total bill for two nights and breakfasts for two was £206.	
May 8 2007 	Good location	Five minutes walk from Euston station. Good location for walking and tube/bus. Reception staff very friendly. Room comfortable. What you'd expect really. Stayed there on business and they have a policy for single women so I felt perfectly safe. Breakfast very good value. Only downside - bar full of men watching football.	
Apr 20 2007 	A most convenient location for visiting London	On a corner of the busy Euston Road this PTI might not be the most obvious place for a family weekend getaway to London, but its only and a couple of minutes stroll from Euston Station and Underground and turned out to be ideal. We had a one night stay booked, with much sightseeing to pack into our two days. To make the most of our time, we stepped out of Euston Station and headed straight for the Premier Travel Inn - it was a little after 10am and I already knew that the hotel would be happy to book our luggage into storage well before we would be allowed to book into our room. The next morning when we checked out of the hotel, we did the same thing and left our luggage at the hotel to be collected at the end of our sightseeing. No charge was made for this service and the staff at reception were a delight to deal with.The Hotel reminds me of an anonymous office block, but we were there to see London, and were more than happy with the room, cleanliness and service there - we had a room at the back which was nice and quiet. The bar/lounge looked a little worn, but I imagine they won't be wanting to give it a lick of paint until the smoking ban kicks in in July 2007. The lifts were operated by a keycard that also opened the door to your room - nice touch that helped us feel secure.Just along from the hotel are some lovely areas like Bloomsbury and the British Museum. We ate at a very good Italian Restaurant called Prezzo which we discovered on our walk to the Hotel from Euston Station. The station itself was very convenient for picking up breakfast on-the-go and had great food concessions just outside with plenty of picnic tables. It was a great place to get breakfast alfresco on such a hot sunny April morning and the Marks and Spencer Simply Food was also a much welcome sight.The Euston Premier Travel Inn might not have as stunning a location as the PTI County Hall, but the whole of London is very easily accessible from it, and I would definitely recommend it as a great place to base yourselves.  It was a treat to be able to return to the hotel mid afternoon and have a rest before heading out to the West End for the evening - not always easy with budget hotels that are often placed in inconvenient locations.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great location great price and great room!	We stayed at this hotel at the beginning of May 2006. The hotel is located within walking distance of King's Cross station (roughly 15 minutes), and is across the street from the Euston Tube station and train station. We arrived early, and the front desk staff allowed us to store our luggage while we grabbed lunch before check-in time. The British Library is also very close by, along with a number of small cafes and restaurants. The hotel is also within walking distance of the British Museum. The room was very bright, and spacious. The bed was comfortable as well. The washroom was clean, and a fair size. No hair dryer was provided, so if you require one pack it yourself. Our room was facing a nearby church, so we did hear its bell clang at the top and bottom of each hour; however we did eventually get used to the noise. Despite being off of Euston, a main street, we did not hear much traffic noise when the windows were closed. If you leave the windows open at night, you may be disturbed by the traffic (depending of course where your window faces, and if you are used to living on a busy street or not). Our only problem we encountered was we were in London during a very rare May heatwave. The city was very hot, stuffy, and humid, and as a result so was our room. If you are accustomed to hotel rooms with adjustable A/C controls you may find this room uncomfortable if you find yourself in a similar situation (I do not know if the rooms are cooler in the summer time when such weather is expected). We did find that if the windows stayed open during the day, it would be more comfortable at night. However, there were a couple times when the cleaning staff closed the window. When the heatwave began to subside, the room did become more comfortable at night. The hotel staff were all very friendly, and the hotel is kept clean. The location is excellent for using the Tube; Euston is a connecting station for many of London's underground tube lines, so it is easy to travel to and from many of the top tourist destinations. The hotel restaurant was also good; along with the service. If you do not wish to have the hotel's breakfast, Euston station does have a number of food kiosks open in the morning. The area is also fairly lit at night, when crossing the road from Euston station to the hotel. Overall, this was a great hotel to start our vacation in. Despite the humidity, the room itself was very comfortable, and clean. A great bargain for downtown London, with its access to the downtown core and train stations.	
Mar 20 2007 	Convenient affordable clean friendly staff	This is the second time I have stayed here. So many other hotels in central London are overpriced, or dirty, or have an incovenient location or unfriendly staff. But the Travel Inn at Euston scores extremely well in all these areas.Convenient for Euston, Kings Cross and Paddington, it's also only a short Tube journey on the Piccadilly Tube Line to the West End. The rooms are clean, tidy, and quiet at night, the restaurant is surprisingly cheap for an evening meal, and the bar is pleasant though smoky (but this of course will no longer be an issue when smoking in public places is banned in England in July). The 'all you can eat' breakfast is appetising and very efficiently organised, whilst not that cheap at £7.50 - though kids eat free. However the best thing about the place is how friendly the staff are. Both times I have stayed I have frequently been asked if everything was OK, and all the staff without exception have been pleasant, informative and helpful.	
Mar 17 2007	Clean fresh and great	This is a great hotel for its price, its clean and has good breakfast. Excellent location too. (just inside zone 1) its not noisy despite what was said in a review. The staff are quite helpful.	
Mar 4 2007 	Good location and Value for money	I have stayed at this hotel a number of times with just my wife, and with kids in tow. The latest stay was the same as the previous ones, Great value for money. When I am staying in London and with so much to see and do. All I am really looking for is a hotel that has a good location, decent bed, shower and is value for money. PTI euston fits the bill perfectely. I travel down via St Pancras. Turn right out of the station and the hotel is an easy 5min walk. You pass some decent pubs and a pizza express (which I have ate in all of) on your way. At £7.50 the all you can eat breakfast is a bargain. Shame the free newspaper has gone though.	
Feb 23 2007	Great family rooms	This hotel is great for families. The family rooms have a double bed and a couch with a pull out bed - much better than a standard sofa bed with two teenage boys! The breakfast is now free for up to 4 children 15 and under - which meant we paid £7.50 for 3 large breakfasts. The food is also good quality with a good choice - full english breakfast, cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurts etc etc. Rooms are always very clean and having a bath and a shower is great. We had a room at the back and didn't notice any traffic noise at all - in fact it was quieter than at home. Very convenient for Euston train station meaning we could make it door to door entirely on public transport.	
Feb 8 2007 	very misleading on room type	We stayed for a night at this hotel and found it a very frustrating experience. Our main complaint is that the room descriptions are very misleading. We booked a Twin room and were given a double bed plus a converted sofa (we expected two double beds). We were first sent to a smoking room despite having a 3 month old child. when we then asked for a king size bed we were told that the double bed was a king size bed and that all rooms were like that. This was not true. We learned later that there are indeed rooms with king beds. Also the price you pay does not include parking (15 pounds extra) and if you have a car you have to pay congestion charge to park in the car park. premier travel inn claim to have a good night gaurentee where they will refund you your money if your are not satisfied - this seems to be a lie -we were very unhappy with our room but had no refund.	
Jan 21 2007	Great base for a London break!	I stayed at the Premier Travel Inn, Euston, for a weekend break with my mum. We had a family room, booked as a twin room, and stayed for two nights.As we had travelled by train from Liverpool Lime Street to London Euston, the location of this hotel was perfect - almost directly opposite Euston station. The staff at the front desk were friendly, polite and helpful. Our room was clean and comfortable, even in the uncomfortably hot weather. The hotel bar, although expensive (it is London after all), was, again, clean and comfortable, with a friendly atmosphere.The hotel proved a fabulous location. As it was in easy reach of both Euston and Kings Cross stations, we had easy access to the tube, which was fantastic for shopping and visiting the theatre. The little street of cafes round the corner from the hotel is also worth a look for a good cuppa at a very reasonable price!The only downside was the breakfast buffet. Although it was edible and filling, it was a bit overpriced and wasn't particularly tasty. It did, however, fill you up and set you up for the day.On a final note, I would recommend the Italian restaurant just down the road from the hotel. Lovely food and reasonably priced.	
Jan 9 2007	Mostly very good	I stay in Premier Travel Inns fairly regularly, and on the whole do not have any problems. The Euston Road hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly. The room was slightly smaller than other PTIs I have stayed in, but it was still sufficient. It is close to the tube and train which is very handy. I did not use the restaurant or bar. Along the lines of other reviews though, the only real downside was the noise from the road - the glazing seemed to make it louder than it should have been! It really was loud, and although it didn't disturb me too much once asleep, it did keep my mother awake. They do warn about it on the website, however the hotel address is not Euston Road, and the map could be interpreted as the hotel being further from the Euston Road than it actually is. I would stay again, but would perhaps ask for a room at the back.	
Jan 1 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised	I stayed at the Premier Travel Inn for 2 nights in November on business. I was actually booked here by our company's travel agency when the other chain hotel closer to Euston Station had no availability. Thank goodness they didn't because I was pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff were friendly, polite and quite helpful. The room was clean, nicely appointed and the bed was good. Even though I was travelling alone, it was good to have a full (queen?) size bed - - - something to remember if I ever go to London with my partner as I simply hate it when hotels put 2 twin beds together and pass it off for a queen.If you're looking for a reasonable, clean and comfy hotel specifically in the Euston Road area - opt for Premier and not the one on Cardington Rd. Our London office is quite nearby and with easy access to bus, the tube and trains, I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 26 2006 	excellent!	As someone who is very critical of the hotel/hospitality industry as a whole- having worked in it for 15 years I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. From the minute we checked in to the minute we checked out the staff were friendly, polite- an even looked like they enjoyed their job! For the value and the price i would most definately stay here again- I have received worse service at 5 star establishments. The breakfast was great value and the restaurant exceptionally clean- this was exactly the type of hotel 1 wanted and got staying just one night- can't fault it at all.	
Oct 12 2006 	Good Location Great Value for money.	My husband and I returned today from a two night trip to London, had originally booked a 4 star hotel, which I later cancelled after reading the reviews on this site. Booked this travel Inn, because I know they are all of a certain standard..clean, basic and good size rooms. Im really glad I did, as it exceeded my expectations. We arrived at reception one hour early with the hope of them keeping our bags, however we were able to check in as our room was ready. We asked for a quiet room, away from the busy Euston Road, which they happily provided. The reception staff were plentiful appx 6 of them, extremely pleasant and knowledgeable, explaining everything about the hotel in full. I guess most of the staff in the hotel were Polish..certainly Eastern European but spoke good English and very, very friendly. The room did not disappoint, reasonable size with a comfortable double bed and sofa, nice size bathroom with a powerful/hot shower and air conditioning that worked . Our room was very quiet (339) no noise from the corridor, although we had to close the window at night, as it was a bit noisy from quite frequent siren's (think there was a hospital nearby), The house keeping throughout the hotel was very clean. Dinner in the 'Slice' restaurant was good, although could have been a bit warmer. Plates were cold when served and the air conditioning cooled the food quickly. The £7.50 breakfast was good value. Geographically it was in the middle of two main line and Tube stations - 5 mins walk to Euson and 5 mins walk to Kings Cross/St Pancreas. The buses which take you just about anywhere you may want to go stops right outside the hotel. All in all I would thouroughly recommend this hotel, no frills but very good value for money. I will definately use it next time Im in London. Also when you exit the front door of the hotel onto Dukes Road, if you turn left walk appx. one hundred yards and turn right, there are several nice little cafe's for day time snacks.	
Sep 28 2006 	Decent hotel close to centre attractions	Stayed for 2 nights whilst in London to watch Arsenal and night at theatre.Room was clean, and bed was comfortable if edging towards soft.Quickly booked in, but obvious that all staff were of eastern european origin, on the front desk at least.Allocated room 122 which was on the back of the hotel and as such was quiet. Glad we did not have the front.Few minute walk to Euston station and tube station.About half hour walk from oxford Street.At £75 a night reasonable for clean hotel, basically as you would expect a travel inn to be.	
Sep 15 2006 	What a noisy hotel!	This hotel is fine for its genre - in fact a good example of a Travel Inn. The restaurant is good and the position is good for tourism and business. The problem is the 'highway from hell' that runs alongside it! The Euston Road is so big and busy day and night that the attempts made by the hotel to dim the sound are overwhelmed. We had a back room, and used the air-cond to keep the windows tight shut, yet the noise was terrific!	
Sep 5 2006 	Good for short stay	My family stayed at the Premier Travel Inn for 8 nights in mid-August of 2006. The room was sufficient...double bed and a sofa that converted into a twin bed for our child. Air conditioning worked very well and there was a heated towel rack...bonus! The bathtub was a decent size and no problem with hot water or water pressure in the shower. The hotel is in a good location, one block from Euston underground &amp; rail station and buses pass by frequently. Also, one block from the British Library.Downsides: the bed was a bit soft, and there is nowhere to sit in the room if the sofa is used as a third bed. Result...sore back from sitting up in softish bed to read, watch TV etc. Room is stark...bare white walls, no pictures. Closet is just a hanging rail without any doors.If we'd stayed 3 or 4 nights, it would have been fine but after more than a week I really regret I didn't just spend a bit more and get a more comfortable room.	
Aug 16 2006 	good hotel ..good price	stay for 3 nights..... very easy check in / out. staff very friendly and helpful .....room basic but everything you expect ..very clean good sized room and bathroom. breakfast £7.50 buffet eat all you can food good quality . dined in the resturant food good but long waits between courses. all in all a very good place to stop especialy if you have young kids as 4 kids can eat breakfast free for every adult .	
Jul 25 2006 	good for all reasons	stayed 2 adualts + 2 kids.big family room, very clean, good air cooling system, quick check-inn and out, close to the tube which is very important.marks and spencer simply food is near tube. near british museum.resturant service very slow.had 4 nights for a good price.	
Jul 16 2006	Average 3 star hotel		
Jun 9 2006	good hotel for business		
Apr 10 2006	Great value		
Sep 12 2005 	A Good Budget Choice		
Oct 3 2004	good value for money		
Aug 24 2004	Great location basic hotel has everything you need		
Jul 16 2004	Very good experience		
Nov 17 2003	Excellent value for money		
Aug 7 2003	Never again!!!!!		
Jul 27 2003	Steer clear		
Sep 20 2009 	Confortable		
Jul 17 2009 	Buon hotel per londra		
Jun 2 2009 	Primavera a Londra		
Aug 28 2008 	Un hotel para repetir		
May 21 2008 	Eramos 8 adultos y 3 niños y nos encantó.		
