Nov 2 2009 	Good central London choice	Stayed here for one night for my wife's birthday (even though we live in London, I thought it would be fun to stay in a hotel not far from home). As I've lived in London for 12 years I knew the location was good -- just off Oxford Street for shopping, a short walk to dozens of good restaurants, and 2 minutes from Marble Arch tube. Check-in was friendly and efficient. The room (an executive room -- 118) was spotlessly clean, with a very comfortable bed, great bathroom and a good view over the street. Breakfast was tasty and efficiently served. A couple of things were missing from the room - an alarm clock and minibar would have been nice - but for a 3* hotel I was extremely impressed by the facilities. The room was on the small side and a bit noisy at night -- but this is central London so that should be expected.Only slight gripe is the queue for checkout in the morning - an express check out for prepaid guests would be good - but once I got to the front of the queue the service was friendly and efficient.I think it would be hard to beat this hotel in the West End without paying significantly more.	
Oct 29 2009 	basic but clean	We got a good rate for the hotel and stayed one night in October. The lobby and breakfast area have recently been decorated so are finished to a good standard. The rest of the hotel now looks tired and dated compared to this but the rooms are a decent size and spotlessly clean. Very good breakfast and good location near the tube. Overall a good stay, will eb evern better once the whole hotel has been modernised.	
Oct 28 2009	The worst hotel i've stayed in!	We returned from the moyston last night.I had looked at lots of hotels before we went i chose this one because of the location.We stayed for 2 nightsI must say that was the only good thing about the place.When we arived, our room (206) was large but terrably decorated, but i could deal with thatBut on the 2nd night my bed broke so we went to reception and told them he gave us another room key. but we was offerd no help moving our luggage.We was moved to room 326 it seemed but when we woke up in the morning me and my mother felt very ill we went and told reception and they said the main office would contact us they havent yet, but when we returned to the room we felt dizzy again. I am still feeling ill now.	
Oct 25 2009 	Great location for shopaholics!	Stayed here a night in Aug 2009. Check-in process was swift. The room was clean, bed was comfy and the staff were helpful. My only reservation was the fact that the guy at the reception asked me if I wanted a newspaper the next morning but even when I had said yes, I didn't receive it the next morning. The location was perfect. Close to Marble Arch station and a stone's throw from Primark.	
Oct 22 2009 	EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!!!!	My wife and i stayed at the hotel for four nights and were very pleased with the room and service was excellent with full english breakfast served to you at your table and for those who are hungry you can also top up with as much continental as you wish ,with very courtious staff.Linen changed every day better than most 4 star hotels that i have used.We were also impressed by the cleanliness of the room and quality of the bathroom and fittings.	
Oct 14 2009 	Best situated hotel Grate service	I've been to the Mostyn hotel in October 8 -12, 2009 and it was a grate experiance. the hotel is wonderful. it is situated very neer to all London attractions. It is on Oxford street and write accros the very cheep store of &quot;Premark&quot;. The underground station is half a minute walk from the hotel and almost all bus lines are going throw it or very neerby. hyde park and kensington are a minute walk from it and it's very close to a lot of good restaurants and bars. the room we got was very clean and tidy and been capt that way all of our stay by house cleaning. breakfast is marvules and includind fresh guice and eggs. the hotel service was realy good and its staff were really nice and welcoming. I realy recomend this hotel and I'm sure going to stay in it again in my next visit to London :).	
Sep 14 2009 	Great find will use again	Stayed here with a friend for Proms in the Park as getting the last train home was going to be very hit and miss! Great hotel, nice helpful staff and for a central London hotel, we thought the room, bar and food prices were very reasonable. The location is perfect for shopaholics and tourists alike, or for those like us who just wanted somewhere walking distance of Hyde Park. Room was overlooking the inner 'courtyard' and all the usual workings an hotel has to have, like the A/C units, but someone's room has to, so we had no complaints. However, it was clean and everything worked, what more can you ask. After staying last year in a hotel that cost twice the price simply for its location, we won't even consider looking for somewhere else for next year's Proms, the Mostyn it is.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good Experience	The Hotel is at a great location, i checked in about 12 and the room was not ready so the lady at reception asked me to leave my bags with the porter, i returned at about 1.00pm and was told that the room is ready which was quite good as the check in time was 2pm... the room was OK.. staff at reception was friendly but only a few could speak fluent English...	
Aug 28 2009 	None what I've expected	When I was booking this hotel I've read a lot of good reviews on tripadvisor, it was our choice between 2 hotels and I chose this one because of more convenient location. The location is definetely really good just a block from Oxford street and tube station but the hotel room was awful. On the web site I saw nice big renovated rooms but noone told me that these rooms are executive not a standard ones. Standard are quite spacious for London standards but are really dated with broken window, airconditioner, poor bed and bath. Also the rooms are really noisy and you could hear everyone in the corridor. The hotel stuff wasn't very helpful in helping repair a safe which was broken throughout our stay so I was really worried for the money that was left in our bags all the time. The breakfast was nice, not so much to choose from but still hot stuff.	
Aug 21 2009 	Baaaad!!!!!!!!!	we stayed at the mostyn hotel from the 26 of june until the 31 of june in room 205 , the room was under the standards. the reception staff were not so polite . when we checked out to move to the hilton hotel we discovered that they were holding almost 700 ponds (4000 saudi ryals) and when we demanded for our money to be returned they refused when we threatened them by the police the manager said and i quote &quot;I dont care if you bring the police&quot; after a while the money was spent under the hotels name and no longer being hold in my account . so i'm planing now to sue them and and destroy there reputation between tourists. unfortunately they didnt know who to mess with ! mony-n-k@hotmail.com	
Aug 17 2009 	Brilliant	My mother and I had a comfortable twin room on the third floor == clean and quiet. The shower was great. Lots of hot water. Best of all the hotels I stayed in in England. The full English breakfast was delightful; we couldn't eat again 'til dinner. The coffee was wonderful. I had no problem using the internet with the provided cable and I have Vista. The best part of the stay was the concierge. After losing my cards, he helped make phone calls (of course he yelled at me first for being so stupid which I deserved), and was truly amazed when I got them all back. He was such a nice person and made us feel really well looked after, dealing with dot2dot and mastercard. Thank you Danny! Everyone was really nice and helped us out. I highly recommend the restaurant just for the staff.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location near everything !	This hotel is in a great location just minutes from Oxford street and the bus stops and tube stations of Marble Arch. Would recommend Saint Christopher's Place for an inexpensive place to eat after a day of site seeing. It is five minutes walk from the hotel. Our room was very clean and was quite big for a city centre hotel. The air conditioning did break on our second night but the staff did try to accomadate us as best they could with a fan. It was fixed by our final nights stay !	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent Location!	Stayed at the Mostyn last year and surprised to find it completely rennovated on my last visit last week! I strongly suggest to book one of the executive rooms (completely renewed, and very spacious by London standards) through the hotel official website where therey are some special deals going on.Location is just perfect, just 2 minutes away of Marble Arch tube station and Oxford street, but in a quite street.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Value For Money and Excellent Location	Before my travel I heard many comments and was skeptic to the kind of standard I will see. I was really surprised by the good hospitality, good rooms, everything was great.	
Jun 28 2009 	Compact hotel centrally situated	We had last stayed there 13 years ago. Since then changed to Best Western, and completely refurbished and modernised. Fantastic situation, near Selfridges on Oxford Street. Quiet with unusually large rooms for London.Staff freindly and efficient. Rooms have aircon, which was needed when we were there, but need to request reception each time to switch it on.Nice expanded continental breakfast.	
Jun 18 2009 	relaxing friendly clean!	spent a couple of weeks at the mostyn hotel on training courses in london. found the hotel to be a most relaxing environment. the staff were always friendly and helpful, particularly the woman who took my breakfast order every day! the hotel staff seem to be on a continuing mission against dirt, cleaning all the time.the rooms were very comfortable, but i found that there was a problem with noise from the busy road and bus stop outside, and if your neighbour has their TV on loud then don't expect any peace.	
Jun 3 2009 	Perfect location good value old rooms	The location of the mostyn hotel is its best feature. Right in the heart of the best area in london - Oxford street, Hyde park. Just two minutes from the Marble Arch tube station on the Central line. Very easy to reach all the important sites in London.The lobby is very nice and the english breakfast is good.The drawback was the poor condition of the room. Very old shower, we had to call the hotel staff for help to operate the lousy shower. Noise from the other rooms was clearly heard in our room and overall it gave a feeling of a room that you want to get out of.I would go back to this hotel because of its location and good value, but have low expectations for the quality of the room.	
May 24 2009	Great Hotel - Worth every penny	I stay at this hotel with my mum every year,FOR 2 WEEKS!! THE LOCATION IS great,the english breakfast is excellent,the staff is very helpfull,and they have the best concierge,helping with everything and always smiling.THIS WAS MY 6TH TIME HERE AND I HOPE THERE WILL BE MANY MORE.	
May 10 2009 	Superb location - and great value for money	I can't believe the negative reviews I've read of this hotel on TripAdvisor - not sure what people are looking for at these prices - a 5 star hotel?? I've stayed in the Mostyn three times now on short trips to London - and I've nothing but good to say of it. I've always found it clean, and comfortable. The breakfast selection is more than adequate - and I found the service at breakfast to be excellent. The great joy of the Mostyn is the location - just off Oxford St. within 2 minutes walk of Marble Arch tube station - and 5/6 mins to Bond St. station. There is always activity in the surrounding streets, so I never felt ill at ease walking back to the hotel even quite late in the evening - I was there on my own on my most recent stay. Ok - it's not cheap, but compared to other city centre hotels it is very good value - and they do have special deals which are worth looking out for. I got a great 4 night deal by booking early. For a short trip to London when you don't want to be wasting too much time travelling to and from your hotel then the Mostyn is ideal - and I'll certainly be staying there again.	
May 8 2009	"Hotel Lessyn" would be more accurate.	The location is fine and the rooms are OK. The hotel advertises free wireless but it really only works in the lobby and maybe the first floor (we had a room on the second), and the WLAN doesn't work with my laptop (and probably not with most newer machines running Vista, and probably no Macs). The lobby is pretty nice and the music is at least unobjectionable 70% of the time. I think they were actually spinning one of the Hotel Kostes mix CDs and a 1970s sexy-time jazz-funk Moog synth CD in the same tray. Nice try! My major problem with the hotel was the grudging, reluctant service. I'm sitting in the lobby right now watching the front desk talk to a guy and the front desk chick is actng like he just walked up to her on the street and started bugging her. We brought dinner in from Selfridge's and had WAY too much trouble trying to get the use of some flatware from the hotel restaurant. The concierge told us to ask the bar, and the bar said no, and then I laughed and asked if we ordered the cheapest thing from room service could we have two forks with it, seriously? Then she went off and got some, but it was clearly a Really Big Deal because she said repeatedly that it was against the rules. So cheers for her, but the management obviously have a stick up the collective !@&amp;^ to be so ridiculous. Great location if you get a cheap rate, but I wouldn't stay here more than one night, two under duress.	
Apr 26 2009 	Mostyn....great location for shopping and getting around..	Stayed for 3 nights and our price included continental breaksfast which we were surprised to find was plentiful and extremely good. Included was juice,tea or coffee, breakfast buffet table of cold cuts, cheeses,cereals, muffins, toast to order, croissants, and fruit. this is served in the downstairs dinning area that is bright and modern oh and newspapers are available for free aswell. Large plasma tv with morning show on too.Our room was large with tv and tea and coffee making facilities, but no alarm clock or hairdryer. Bathroom clean and modern with a walk in shower stall. Main lobby very plush, modern and clean. Fantastic concierge , Ray , very knowledgable about the area [lots of bus routes a few feet from the main lobby and Oxford street steps away, literally 2mins from the lobby doors and right across from Primark!] Check in easy and quick .We got a car arranged by the concierge back to Heathrow and for the two of us with two cases and some hand lugguage it cost 35 pounds which was cheaper than the train and much more convenient.We would use the Mostyn again as not only was it convenient for shopping but also for walking across to Marble Arch, crossing the road to walk in Hyde Park and then continuing the walk down to Buckingham Palace [takes a while] or onto Kensington Palace through Hyde Park. Nothing better than a long walk on a warm and sunny spring weekend.	
Apr 18 2009 	worst western hotles	The hotel went under heavy renovation, esp. in the lobby floor. However this new, elegant appearance is only skin deep. The room allocated for us at the beginning was in the underground level. There was a window but in was locked and there was no possibility to open it, Even if we had the view would have been that of A/C units (not to mention the heat and sound). The room was air-conditioned and since we needed fresh air we refused to take it. we were told there was no possibility to relocate us that night and that the next day we shall receive an upper floor room. we got a 2nd floor room with open windows. the room was rahter small but at least we had air.the lobby might be new but the floors and corridors are old. the wood floor keeps squicking whenever people step on it and we found it hard to get some quiet moments inside the room as people constantly walked the corridoors and made noise. there is only one elevator which can carry 4-5 persons and it was constantly packed with people. we had to wait several rounds till we could use it. the steps were nowhere to be found (only outdoor emergency exit stairs).the restaurant is located in hte underground floor and has no windows and natural light. we noticed that the waitress kept touching clean glasses in their inner rim which is really nasty.all in all the hotel is not &quot;good value&quot; and we were extremely disappointed.	
Apr 7 2009 	Nothing special but good location decent value and helpful staff	Sometimes Tripadvisor makes me overly apprehensive about a hotel, but I was fine with this place. It's located just off Oxford street between the Bond St. and Marble Arch Underground stations on the Central Line.The rooms were what you expect of a hotel in this range, but they were larger than your typical London fare. Staff was actually very friendly and helpful with a wide array of things.Downside? Typical London stuff - exorbitantly-priced internet access, expensive breakfast (you're better off going to the M&amp;S or Pret A Manger around the corner), and one, very, very slow elevator. And while it's on the Underground, if you are there for tourist reasons, hardly anything is on the Central Line, and climbing through the Underground labyrinth interiors gets old.Still, for a good rate, I'd stay here again. My complaints are minor. It was better than I expected.	
Apr 4 2009 	Bit of a let down....	Took my mum here for her Birthday was a bit let down by our twin room very basic wasnt very clean &amp; the Bathroom was MANK- they had cut a hole in the bathroom door so that it would open against the toilet Very Strange... Towels were dirty (Blood Stained) and the room was Boiling even in April so I would hate to stay there in the summer. When you arrive at the hotel it feels very trendy/posh but its a bit of a false impression as the rooms are nowhere near as nice. This hotel would be fine for a cheap getaway but would not advise it for a romantic weekend or relaxing weekend.	
Feb 26 2009 	Nice Place	I travelled to London for Business and this Place was Centrally Located. The rooms are nice and the bathrooms are very clean. The WI-FI at teh reception worked just fine and the internet in the room was also fast and good. The Breakfast is very good and the service from the staff is excellent. The conceirge is the best I have ever met, they are extremely helpful with anything that you may need assistance with. A very nice place to stay right in central London.	
Jan 27 2009 	Nice To Be Taken Care Of.	We only stayed for a couple of nights but quickly realised that the staff in the hotel were well above average in terms of customer care. The hotel was clean, the rooms nice and the breakfast good. The location was ideal for walking into the main tourist area and close to the Marble Arch underground for visits further afield. The only downside was that there was no double glazing to combat the noise of traffic but like other reviews what do you expect in the middle of this fab city. The value for money was great and I have to mention again the staff especially in the reception and front of house areas who gave exceptional attention to detail. Thankyou.	
Jan 22 2009 	Pleasant stay	We stayed at the hotel for a long weekend. We had asked for a family room which was renovated and the prices were descent. Breakfast was not included, we had booked the room on the internet. THe room was on the first floor, renovated and large. It was clean and I guess it was better than all the other rooms I had stayed at this hotel (it's the fourth time I return). I didn't try breakfast as we usually eat at lovely places at St. Christopher's place. One complaint I have is that the sofa was not made into a bed although this was a family room and we had to make the bed ourselves. But in general the staff is welcoming (with some exceptions of course). I think I would recommend this hotel because the location is just perfect and there is access to the tube and several bus stops. They also offer transport to and from the airport at moderate prices.	
Jan 19 2009 	really disappointing	I think this was the worst experience with a Best Western Hotel. Had problems at the check in as I booked a single room with 2 months in advance and they said there were no more available single for my stay, but any bad as they gave me a double room; now the real problems started: the room itself was ok, spacious, with a massive bed etc. BUT: the room was at the lower floor and there was an horrible smell of sewer inside and loads of beatles in the bathroom!!!! Unbelievable!! Plus during the night it was really noisy as I think, the room was just underneath the kitchen/restaurant and at 6 o'clock am, they started to wash and constantly open and close taps and down there sounds were much more amplified and then another ANNOYING thing was the house keeper that was REALLY RUDE and always insisted to enter the room at 9am to clean it while I was still sleeping!!! NO WAY!!!! Well I suppose that after this kind of crapy experience I WILL NEVER come back again!!	
Jan 15 2009 	natalie	This was not my first stay in this hotelas in January las year i stayed there for 5 nights. UNFORTUNATELY BOTH STAYS WERE A DISAPPOINTMENT. In the first stay works were going on without prior notice but we did not complain as we understood works had to be done(EVEN IF EVERYWHERE WAS A COMPLETE MESS AND VERY NOISY). But because of the location I booked the same hotel again this year as I took forgrantedthe fact that by now the works would be finished. This time though the disappointment was anoher! FIRSTLY, THE MOSTYN HOTEL DOESNT CATER FOR FAMILIES IN FACT THEY DONT HAVE FAMILY ROOMS. I had requested a family room in the first place because we were a party of 3. These were not available so instead we opted for a single room and a double room and also stressed out that we wanted them next to eachother or inerconnecting. I also called reservations to make sure everything was well understood.PLEASE NOTE THAT I HAD BOOKED FOUR MONTHS PRIOR OUR ARRIVAL. Upon checking in the receptionist was surprised when i told him about my request as it didnt result in his documents so I presented hime mine and stated that i has also called the hotel TWICE. In return his answer was that requests were not guaranteed until one arrives as the hotel. I then asked him if it was possible by anychance that he changes the room and his reply was that we had to upgrade and pay an affitional £20 per person per night for the upgrade. This was UNACCEPTABLE to me as in all it would have cost us another £300 and afterall not only our rooms were not intercoonnecting but we were PLACED ON DIFFERENT FLOORS! ONE ROOM WAS IN 1ST FLOOR AND THE OTHER ONE WAS IN THE 4TH FLOOR! It was a total disappointment and to top it all we could not cancel our booking as our arrival was lateand we would have to pay cancellation feesso we had to stay there for 1 night and cancel the other nights. FORTUNATELY THE THISLE MARBLE ARCH HOTEL JUST OPPOSITE HAD A FAMILY ROOM AVAILABLE FOR US AT CHEAPER PRICES AND THE ROOMS ARE NICER! SO THISTLE MARBLE ARCH SAVED OUR HOLIDAY ...... AND FRANKLY YOU CANT COMPARE THE BREAKFASTS OR THE SERVICE! THISTLE MARBLE ARCH OUTDOES MOSTYN BIG TIME! BREAKFAST AT MOSTYN IS PRACTICALLY TOAST AND CEREAL WHILE THE THISLE MARBLE ARCH BREAKFAST IS SO ABUNDANT YOU GET FULL JUST BY LOOKING AT THE STUFF!HONESTLY GUYS IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A FUN HOLIDAY...... FORGET ABOUT BEST WESTERN MOSTYN AS DISAPPOINTMENT IS GUARANTEED!	
Dec 17 2008 	Good value for London especially 3star great location but quite basic	Stayed here overnight after recommendation from colleagues in terms of location, price and their previous positive experiences - we were all staying overnight for the company Christmas party. If I had been holidaying I think I might have been disappointed, but on balance given the price for the basic rooms, the facilities and extras available I found it decent valueThe location is particularly good for tourists, and the price is extremely good for central London. It was cheaper to book a room here than get a late night cab home. Other guests included overseas business travellers and tourists, as well as numerous other Christmas party attenders.Everyday, non business, facilities in the hotel and room were fine - plenty of towels and toiletries, good mirrors and an illuminated magnifying mirror in the bathroom (which also worked), comfortable bed and good linen, tea and coffee making, hairdryer, safe, and it was also very clean. Breakfast was nice - a simple but good continental buffet which was kept properly stocked- many people were ordering the various cooked options which all looked tasty - and also good coffee. The reception and public areas are bright and modern, and surprisingly extensive for a 3star hotel. The staff were also helpful and friendly on reception; in the restaurant the service was good and the tables well prepared, and also the chambermaids were smiley and well turned out. Staff also regularly remind you that breakfast is additional to the room rate (my take on this is that it has been a major issue for other guests although it is quite clear on booking through the hotel website that prices are room only)The downsides really centre on the size and capabilities of the bedrooms - it is noisy because of the nearby busy streets and rooms are not double glazed, and mine also had dodgy a/c - my room was boiling even with the windows open in December,. I had an iffy shower (although I had a bath and shower and hot water in the hand basin, the water in the shower and bath water remained resolutely cold). The good news was that the shower/bath did not leak (which has happened to me in much pricier establishments) and the water was at least plentiful. My single room- although it actually had a double bed and would technically accommodate two people, was very small - just the bed and the fitted desk/TV/luggage bench - no room for an armchair at all - and my colleagues twin rooms were also small, although clean and well furnished - certainly nothing like the pix on the website. The small corridors and access areas also mean the relatively fresh paintwork is rapidly looking worn and scuffed. And the single lift is a bit of a nightmare as it is very slow. I'd suggest avoid trying to leave at 8 in the morning based on its performance out of peak check out times.	
Dec 11 2008 	Lovely breakfast	Stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights last weekend, mainly to see a show and the sights. Bit worried by previous reviews especially about the comments about building work and no breakfasts. Well everything was fine. Our room was OK, clean, not huge but had everything we needed. Have to say the breakfasts were great. Fresh fruit, cereals, meats, cheese, croissants, bread, fruit juice,etc on the buffet table and we had a full English breakfast which was HUGE (great scrambled egg). Service was very good. Very attentive waiters bringing tea, coffee, toast, etc. Reception staff were very charming. Problems: the hairdrier needed replacing, the lift was very slow (but the stairs by the bar showed the beauty of the original building). It wasn't that quiet at night - but for the convenience of being so central, minutes from Oxford Street that has to be expected. There are some reasonable eating places nearby (go along Oxford street, down St James street which leads to St Christopher Place which had lots of restaurants and a nice atmosphere).	
Oct 25 2008 	Don't stay here if you expect breakfast or a smile!	I'd eaten dinner at the Mostyn a few years ago and had been impressed. My usual London hotel was fully booked so I thought a repeat visit (should have noted the other reviews!) to the Mostyn would be a good alternative. Not good. The foyer was impressive but, after I checked in, I was told that a packed breakfast would be sent to my room in the morning. When I asked why I hadn't been told about this when booking I received a 'so what' type shrug and given my room key. I asked if I could book a table for the restaurant (I don't like wandering around at night in unfamiliar districts looking for restaurants) but was told I'd have to make my own arrangements. When I tried to do this, I was told that the restaurant was fully booked - thank goodness! The restaurant isn't typical of an hotel, the basic menu starts from £43.00, way above expenses level. The doorman however was exceptionally helpful and directed me to a reasonably priced restaurant a few streets away. My room, well, certainly hadn't been refurbished. The bed was comfortable but the room itself cramped and not particularly welcoming with peeling wallpaper and a stuffy feel. When the 'breakfast' arrived in the morning, it was pathetic. Cold croissant, stodgy something (?) yoghurt useless - and in a plastic container complete with plastic cutlery - and, no coffee or tea. Apparently the expensive restaurant in the hotel isn't capable of providing breakfast nor, even, fresh coffee for guests. I had a meeting at 10.00am so searched out a Starbucks for breakfast. I will never return to the Mostyn - refurbishment is no excuse for charging full price for the sort of unacceptable service foisted upon unsuspectng guests. Why not provide breakfast at the hotel opposite? Arrogant, inconsiderate, not an experience I intend to repeat.	
Oct 20 2008 	Its Fine!!	I booked this hotel after a huge internet search for a stay with 3 girlfriends and got a great deal through the hotels website. I requested modernised executive twin rooms in a quiet part of the hotel - when we checked in we were on the ground floor overlooking the busy road - when asked to be changed, we were moved to the 2nd floor where we given double rooms. I asked if the double beds could be made up as twins but there were no housekeeping staff around to change them. We were offered a change of room again but having checked out some of the other options, we stuck to our double rooms. Be warned - ask for one of the updated rooms, some of them haven't been modernised and are very jaded. The corridors too are very dark and depressing and the one lift is tiny - trying to leave on sunday was a nightmare with the lift in overdrive trying to take all the guests down - we ended up using the service lift! Saying this the staff were all very helpful, the location for the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street is fantastic and I slept really well!!	
Oct 10 2008	Convenient good value 	I've used the Mostyn a couple of times for overnights in London, mainly because it's close to the West End for business dinners and parties. Yes, the rooms do vary in size, but I've always found them adequate, clean and good value - considering the location. The showers work, the air-con works, the tv works, there's coffee and tea making in the room - believe me, this is not always the case in London's West End unless you go high-end prices.Personally, I've always found the staff friendly and smiley but, since I'm not a tourist, I'm probably not as dependent on them as some.Okay, it's bit tatty in places; the soundproofing is just about okay (central London, remember, it's never going to be quiet) but I keep going back, so they must be doing something right!	
Sep 20 2008 	Best West London location at a great price	Stayed for a night at the Mostyn with a conference in London. Price via the Best Western website was great. Location, just North of the west end of Oxford Street, can't be beaten. Hotel staff were pleasant and good at service. Breakfast room was being refurbished, so can't comment on that. Hotel corridors are narrow, with some steps to the room I was in. Renovations to hotel bedrooms have been carried out well, although the bathroom in my room had a couple of little things that needed fixing (e.g. plugs in sink and bath). I noted there was airconditioning - but didn't try it. My room backed on to the road behind the hotel, but was reasonably quiet at night. All in all, given the convenience of this hotel to Oxford Street and the West End, and the good service, I would recommend this hotel highly, especially if you can get a great price too.	
Sep 5 2008 	Nice quiet central hotel	After some bad experiences in London hotels, I decided to find a Best Western hotel this time, as these had been very satisfying in other cases.The Best Western Mostyn Hotel is located in a small street just 3 minutes (literally three minutes!) from Oxford Street and the Marble Arch underground station. There are also many bus stops very close to the hotel to reach virtually every part of London. Its position is the best I could find, and the small street where it is located means that this is a quiet place despite all the noise and traffic that is to be found in Oxford Street at any time.The double room had a single and a double bed, and was large and comfortable, but the bathroom was not as large and the shower was in the bathtub. Anyway the place was clean and very comfortable, and the staff was friendly and helpful.Rooms have no fridges, and the air conditioning suddenly stopped working at times during the day, but these are minor problems.I will surely consider going back there in my next stay in London!	
Aug 19 2008 	Very nice hotel excellent location	I stayed in Mostyn Hotel for 3 nights. The room has been recently refurbished, plainly furnished and the bathroom was clean. The location is excellent, within minutes walk from Oxford Street. The price is also reasonable, 88 £ per night for a single room. London is great town with lot of things to see and do. I definitely recommend this hotel primarily because of its location and price.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at eh Mostyn for 5 nights last month and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was compact but recently refurbished, nice modern feel and clean and well looked after. Staff were very friendly and helpful throughout our stay and I must echo that the location of this place really is fantastic (just a 30 sec walk to Oxford Street). And the Mostyn really is great value compared to the prices of other hotels in this area. All in all an excellent hotel.	
Aug 14 2008	Great location	This hotel was in a very good location, just around the corner from Marble Arch station and Oxford Street. There was a good pub to eat in just over the road and a Wetherspoons pub at the other end of Bryanston Street. There is a car park on the street where you can get discounted rates. The staff were friendly. We had continental breakfast which was more than adequate. We can also recommend the Loop Bar and Restaurant on Dering Street just off New Bond Street about 10/125 mins walk away. The food was very reasonably priced and there was a club where dancing went on until 3 am.	
Aug 10 2008 	Many Faults	I was greatly disapointed in this Hotel. An organisation I belong to, received a discounted rate at this Hotel so they booked me in. It the first time I have stayed in a London 3 star Hotel.The lobby was small and not very welcoming. There was stud walls up, as work was being carried out in the hotel. To be honest it looked like a builders yard. Not a good 1st impression.The receptionists, all male on the check in night, argued over whether breakfast was included in the room rate. We had booked a room with full english, but because they were not serving FE, they argued that continental was not included. Bizare, I could understand it the other way around, but not FE to Coninetal. So we were refused breakfast, eventhough our confirmed reservation included breakfast. We were asked why we were complaining, as all the Continental breakfast was, was breakfast in a box and was not very good. We were told to use Weatherspoons down the road for breakfast. Oh the joys of friendly staff....not!The lift to the 1st floor, had graffiti on the inside door. Gave the impression of a scruffy hotel. On the 1st floor, wagons with dirty linens were blocking the corridor. They were only moved to the side the next morning. Corridor was narrow.The room looked nice, it was a newly refurbished executive. Looked nice, with little touches like 2 bottles of water, box of chocolates. Tea/Coffee making facilities were in the draw, under the desk. TV very poor picture. Air Con great. Bathroom looked OK, full of things like shaving kit and toothpaste. The BIG problem was I have no hot water. Reception staff could not care less, I never had any hot water for a shower or to wash, and no one could care less.To be honest, if the bill hadn't have been paid by someone else, I would not have paid for the room. We did not get what we paid for. The women on the reception is the moring were rude, not bothered and unhelpful. If they worked in my own company they would not last 2 minutes. I wanted to speak to the Manager, but was not available. While I waited to see if I was allowed to see the manager, I noticed that the left luggage room, was constantly left open and unattended. Anyone could walk in and take a bag.Would I EVER stay in this hotel again.....NEVER EVER EVER, if it was the last hotel in London, I would pitch a tent in a park and take my chances. Be warned!!!	
Aug 2 2008 	Very disappointed	My husband and I booked this hotel based on its location. We checked out reviews and on balance the hotel seemed to suit our needs. We were in London for one night and were looking forward to sightseeing and a good English breakfast, which was to be included according to our booking. We were delighted with the location near Oxford Street, Hyde Park, Marble Arch - perfect!The lobby was impressive and the receptionist was very pleasant and although we arrived early (11 am) our room was ready which was great. The disappointing aspect of the check-in was that we were informed that due to re-novation of the dining room a continental breakfast would be delivered to our room The receptionist apologised for this which we accepted but we were disappointed that we would not have the looked forward to English breakfast.The room was clean and basic and very small. The double bed was squashed up against the wall but on the positive side the bathroom was clean and the shower was excellent. The air-conditioning was also very good which we appreciated considering the temperature in London was 30 degrees on that day!One other complaint relates to the fact that I asked at reception, later in the evening, if there was toothpaste avaiable in the hotel. The hotel information in the room said that toiletries were available on request, I was happy to pay for this. The receptionist who was not the girl who checked us in, said she would check it out and send it up to our room. That never happened and we did not even get a courtesy phone call to tell us that this was not available.The continental breakfast which we had ordered for 8 am arrived ahead of time at 7.45 which was good......but it was a pre-packed tray very reminiscent of bad airplane food! I had researched many London hotels online before booking the Mostyn and was disappointed that our only night in London was not as I had planned.	
Jul 30 2008	Great New Look	I stay twice in Mostyn every year. The hotel has refurbished the Lobby and some of it's rooms. Looks smashing. I stayed with my wife in one of the newly refurbished Executive Rooms, lovely colours and great ameneties.Staff are very friendly and take good care of the guests. Must mention about Maroun - Head Concierge, he is very helpful and took extra care.New Bar in the Lobby looks very nice, I like the big painting in the Bar. Seems to be a busy place in the evenings.I will comeback and recommend this hotel to everyone.Amit Khemani	
Jul 25 2008 	Avoid at all costs	About all I can say good about the Mostyn is the location. Otherwise, we were greeted with an indifferent staff, smelly hallway, and extremely noisy room. There is a bus stop right at the side of the hotel and buses stop and start all night. The hotel is not adequately soundproofed to keep the noise outside, or prevent the noise from adjoining rooms. The dining room was under construction when we were there, and they delivered a box breakfast to the room. However, there was nowhere in the room for three of us to sit and eat except on the bed. Three nights here was three nights too long.	
Jun 28 2008 	Just OK	After reading some of the reviews here, we didn't have overly high expectations, but thought our relatively short stay (three nights) would be ok, and it was for the most part. The location of this hotel is its best feature. It's close to Hyde Park, Oxford St. shopping and the tube station. The hotel itself needs some tweaking. Our room, while extremely small was pretty, the bed was very comfortable and the bath was clean and modern. The carpet did need a good cleaning, as did the walls. After the first night, the lack of room to spread out and the fact there was only one chair got a bit wearing. The other issue was the staff. They just didn't come across as being very informed or interested in assisting us. We were always being referred to the concierge, who, while he was very helpful, often needed to be chased down because he was so busy. Our room included the full breakfast. The waitstaff in the morning was not very attentive. The only thing we really require in the morning is coffee and some days we'd get it immediately, other days we'd have to get up and find it ourselves. On our last morning, the cooked food was stone cold and inedible. There is a new restaurant in the hotel that serves dinners. We never tried it because it seemed very expensive and we weren't prepared to spend our travel money on a high end restaurant in a mid-price hotel.We'd like to come to London again one day, but would stay somewhere else.	
Jun 12 2008 	Don't be fooled by online photos	My family and I just cashed in several hundred thousand Best Western Gold Crown Club points for an Italy/London trip. The Mostyn was the best located hotel of those Best Westerns available, and was the highest rated on Trip Advisor. The location IS great; literally one block up and two blocks over from the Marble Arch - easy access to much of central London.The breakfast was really pretty good, too. Plenty of options, a &quot;Full English Breakfast,&quot; and cooked relatively well.The staff's service was snooty at best, until the last day when the &quot;concierge&quot;/bellhop helped us get out the door and made the great suggestion of using a private cab (not a black cab or the Gatwick Express) to get to Gatwick Airport.The lobby is nice and new, as is the bar, but the rooms shown online do not represent each and every room in the hotel. In fact, it appeared that all the rooms on the 3rd floor were just like ours - frumpy, worn, and old. Ours felt like a big &quot;taco&quot; - the floor dipped so much in the middle of the room that the drawer on the TV stand kept coming open from the effects of gravity.Overall, I'm not sure how this hotel stacked up against other Best Western hotels in London, but I was disappointed by the shabby room and the snooty service.	
May 29 2008 	nice hotel good location	I booked this hotel tru booking.com.This hotel have an excellent location, the cleanliness of room, and level of noise is better than many london hotels. Service was good, they changed my room without me asking for it beacause it was a problem with it. The price for transport to airport from the hotel is not bad, if you are leaving the city at 0400 in the morning and can not use public transportation.	
May 19 2008 	Good Stay and Good Value	The hotel is in a great location, clean and well facilitated for the price. The service and staff were attentive and in all we had an enjoyable stay at the Mostyn. My wife and I have stayed there over six times for a week at a time and believe it is great value for money.	
May 19 2008 	Very convenient	I have stayed in lots of London mid and higher price hotels and have come to expect them to be &quot;well worn&quot;. I was pleasantly surprised by the Mostyn. The new Reception area is smart and inviting. The staff were very attentive and helpful. Breakfast was good, plentiful and good quality. The room was on the small side, as London hotel rooms are, and although there was enough wardrobe space, there were no drawers to put anything else in, but if you are out and about you are only sleeping there. We had a problem with the TV, but on reporting this to Reception they fixed it straight away. We were on the 3rd floor and so no problem with noise from the street - tip, when checking into a city hotel always ask to be put on an upper floor if possible. They will always try and oblige (it just means that sometimes you have to wait a little longer for the lift, but the trade-off is worth it). Bathroom was large enough and clean, with a good shower and plenty of hot water. No problem with noise from neighbouring rooms (and we know they were occupied because we had seen people going in and out of them). The bed had seen better days - but again par for the course for London hotels. For the price that we paid we considered that it was a good deal and the location is idea, just 1 minute walk away from Marble Arch. If you are looking for somewhere close by to eat or have a drink, we can recommend The Three Tuns (turn left out of the hotel door, then left at the end of the road and The Three Tuns pub/bar is about 500 yards on the right (1 minute walk). Good wholesome English food for about £8 - £9 for a main course	
May 14 2008 	Brilliant Location	Chose the Mostyn after reading reviews (albeit a bit reluctantly) but the location sounded great, which it was. On checking in, we were given a suite (wonderful), that is until we were shown to the basement area, where the smell of sewerage was toxic! Our stay in the suite lasted all of 5 minutes. However, to be fair we were moved immediately to the fourth floor. The breakfast in the Mostyn was excellent for a London hotel. I would definitely stay there again as it is only 1 min walk from Oxford Street.	
Apr 28 2008 	nightmare in london	They put us in room go8 ground floor for famlies. It was a dark room, with no views, the window was locked and frosted glass looking into a hall way into the kitchen. very noisey.The loo was broken, the room was ok, tv did not work well, staff not helpful, no mini bar. They never informed me that check out was 11am and at 12 noon wanted an extra 25 uk pounds, which they agreed not to charge.The ac was on cold would go up, i had to argos and buy a heater. Not a nice hotel, first time spend two night in a windowless hotel, the staff were more interested about our taxi arragement to the airport	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Location Good Hotel	Stayed at this hotel over the weekend and contrary to the reviews I had previously read was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is a minute from Oxford street, so great for shopping and a couple of minutes walk from Marble Arch Tube station. Our room on the first floor, although small was very clean. The room was noisy from the traffic on Portman road, but the location makes up for that. The breakfast was good with a buffet style english and a variety of continental choices. The public areas were very clean. I would book here again.	
Apr 19 2008 	Traveler Beware!	I just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights, April 17 and 18th. There's not a positive thing I can say about this place. Please look at other places before you even think about booking a room at this place. One of the porters ( Big stocky guy) seemed to always want a tip. The morning staff is must nicer than the evening staff. The internet only works downstairs in the lobby and not in your room. Did not eat at the hotel. I cannot comment on it. The beds were old and raunchy.Whatever you do, stay away from the hotel.	
Apr 18 2008 	Decent hotel - pretty basic	This hotel is located near the Marble Arch Tube station and very crowded and busy Oxford Street. The hotel itself is in ok shape, nothing fancy. The elevator and hallways are very tiny, as well as the room, like most London hotels. The bed was ok, but I've had better. The bathroom and shower were spacious and the room overall was fairly clean. The walls and door were very thin and you could easily hear your neighbors coming and going. The frontdesk service was a bit slow, but helpful in answering questions.For the location and the price this hotel would be good for someone or a couple on a weekend getaway.	
Apr 6 2008 	Horrible Hotel	Stayed for 2 nights Bed &amp; Breakfast, room was tiny, staff unfriendly, hotel shabby, breakfast was horrible, had to go outside a round the block for the restaurant in the evening. We ended up eating in the Thistle hotel across the street which was a bit pricey but service &amp; food were exceptional.Only plus for this hotel is it is next to oxford street for shopping	
Mar 22 2008 	Good hotel with an excellent location	We just returned from a one week holiday staying at the Best Western Mostyn Hotel and the room was very good (clean, spacious, very quiet, comfortable beds, good bathroom, excellent water pressure, enough of towels etc). The service was friendly in the reception - e.g. during check-in and check-out. Also the concierge and the doorman were very helpful in all occasions. The location of the hotel was excellent, only a few steps to Oxford street and very suitable for walking down to Soho and Piccadilly Circus.Things that could be improved include: the shower in our room did not have a hand held shower head, only had a fixed shower head on the wall! The lobby bar did have a somewhat basic selection (e.g., didn't do Piña Coladas).We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good location	First of all the hotel is in an excellent location for the price we paidThe improvements down stairs in the foyer and bar area are just about finished now and it is pretty impressive when you walk in.Our room was on the 4th floor through a few corridors on its own so there was no problem with noise.There is only 1 lift but it was no problem. It amazes me how hotels particularly in london can advertise a room as a double when you can only get in the bed from one side.That aside and a poor reception on the tv the room was adequate if small for a couple of nights,the bathroom had been renovated and was very nice.Overall it was a good base for london and the staff were friendly enough.	
Mar 18 2008 	Rude smelly and cold water	Absolutely terrible! Started being put in a very smally room underground, the door had been propped open so they knew the smell was there before we arrived. when we complained we were moved to another room equally smelly with a big wet patch near the radiator. We complained again and offered a full english as compensation as they had no more rooms other than singles. We declined the breakfast and took the single rooms, both televisions did not work and there was no hot water for a shower in the morning. When we said to the person at reception in the morning they told us it would have been better if they had told us the night before and in a rude manner that there was nothing they could do now! I will never return and may consider avoiding future best western hotels	
Mar 17 2008 	hotel nightmare	DO NOT stay here if cleaniness and a comfortable bed is what you are expecting!Even though other reviewers mentioned the hotel was under renovations, only the lobby looks attractive. The rooms have not been upgraded and the bed was old, lumpy, and had been made with ripped sheets. There was an electrical socket that was falling off the wall, stains on the chairs, and the hallway and room had a horrible odor. My room faced the main street and was very noisy from the street traffic.Don't even think of eating a meal there. While I was checking in another couple took one look at their room and left. What a dump!	
Mar 12 2008 	Good hotel	Stayed at hotel at end of February &amp; work to Lobby was just finished.Room was bright, clean &amp; warm &amp; bathroom was fine.Good selection of tv channels.Staff efficient &amp; friendly especially the Conscierge.Great location just off Oxford Street &amp; near Tube &amp; Hyde Park.Breakfast was OK.There is only one lift but this was sufficient when I was there.	
Mar 9 2008	Good location decent hotel!	The Mostyn is currently under-going a lot of construction work in the foyer area but was pointed out when I booked. To be honest it didn't really effect my stay at all. My room was on the 3rd floor and was excellent. Lovely big double room, marble furnished bathroom, decent TV everything was fine.The hotel is excellently situated for most of the London sights and absolutely ideal for Oxford St shopping. Just around the corner from Marble Arch tube station.A decent mid-priced (I paid £99 per night) London hotel.	
Mar 1 2008	loved the omni	very well location, under construction hotel, staff very friendly, rooms very clean and smart presentation of the maids.The only problems was rooms very cool and mirror shaving broken	
Feb 23 2008 	Great location	The hotel is really well located. It is just a few feet away from Marble Arch tube station and the doble decker tour starting point, and there are so many restaurants and ATM tellers nearby. You can do a lot of walking around. It is excellent!The staff was very helpful and our room was clean and big. Only inconvenience I found was that their bathtub was a little high and the shower door covered only half the bathtub so the floor got wet and for a short height person, it was difficult to get off the tub, so just be careful. They also offer free Internet access, wireless at the lobby or using network cable in your room, they didn't have extra LAN cables so we had to go to the lobby to use the Internet. Overall, I would totally recommend this hotel and would most definitely stay here again.	
Feb 5 2008 	Great Location and Staff	Stayed here for 2 nights in November, location great for Oxford street, hotel is under construction which did not cause us any problems,room was a fair size and clean, The staff were very cheerful and helpful, my wife has a lift phobia so had to use the stairs as soon as the staff were a ware of this she was escorted to our room ,while I took the cases up in the lift.We would stay there a gain without a doubt.	
Jan 15 2008 	Great location. Good value	HiWent to London on a shopping trip last weekend. Was wary of the hotel as some of the reviews were quite bad. We had booked two standard rooms but were upgraded at no cost to family rooms. There is a lot of work going on in the lobby, re-tiling etc and you had to step on timbers etc to get through. However the concierge was very helpful. As long as you know in advance about this there is no problem. The lift was working which apparently was not for some past reviewers. The rooms were average sized and VERY clean. The beds were really comfortable. Extra pillows and blankets in wardrobe. Tea and coffee making facilities and a hair dryer. Plenty of bathroom products and towels. Had a problem with the air con which they fixed immediately. The windows do not appear to be double glazed and there was a slight draft. Also if you are at the front of the hotel which we were - Room 226 it was quite noisy. Did not really bother us as we were out most of the time and at night we are both good sleepers.My friends had a problem with the shower in their room on one of the days ( no hot water). This was on our last night so there was nothing could be done as they discovered it late. They were offered showering facilities in another room to make up.All in all - basic clean hotel -very central. It is right opposite Thistle Marble Arch ( which was twice the price). If you want clean basic accommodation near Oxford Street and you dont want to pay a fortune this is the hotel for you.	
Jan 4 2008 	Under construction!	My second review on Mostyn and this time it is a bit difficult. The lobby/reception area was under construction but that did not bother us at all.On arrival we were accomodated in the ground floor rooms which we rejected and after some arguing we got room 309 (third floor). The room had good size but was ready for a refurbishment. TV-signal was missing during our 5-night stay and there was nothing done to repair it. The room was to the street side but the noise was acceptable.Housekeeping was ok, clean sheets every day and the same with towels. Free newspaper as well (Daily Mail).The breakfast room had been refurbished but breakfast at 8.95 £ or 10.95£ for english breakfast was to much for a less than average experienceI have uploaded pictures which hopefully give you an impression of the hotel.The hotel is very well located, not to big, just 121 rooms, and we would come back if the price is right. We paid 83£ for a double room incl. tax but not breakfast. Do not expect to much and you will not be disappointed. I will still recommend The Three Tuns for a pint and a descent lunch, it is a nice place. In New Quebec St. there is a small chinese restaurant, Red Sun, which was ok.	
Jan 2 2008	unpleasant experience	The hotel is horrible with this refurbishment going on and on. You do not have a chance to relax after a long day in a marvelous London. The lifts are out of order and we had to use a staircase to get to the forth floor. In general the hotel was an unpleasant experience in London.	
Dec 22 2007 	Not very impressed	Stayed here for one night recently and was most disappointed with my experience here.Please note that there is building work going on here at the moment in the reception and restaurant areas and the ground floor resembles a building site. Have no qualms about the works as they are obviously striving to improve the place.I booked a double room and instead got a twin room which although spacious enough for one person was rather dated. The room was very hot and stuffy despite the air-con being on.Also the noise from the busy street below did not allow for a good night's sleep.Futhermore, I had some housekeeping issues in my room. It wasn't very well cleaned after the previous guest.Also reception didn't seem to care whether or not I had a good stay and although polite enough, didn't enquire about my stay upon checkout.I got the room for a great rate through their website but wouldn't rush back in a hurry.	
Nov 30 2007 	Badly organized and dirty	The first impression of the hotel is that the standard i ok, but a bit worn down. But read on. I would not reccomend this hotel!My first encounter with the hotel was booking. The hotel website didn't allow me to book more than 3 rooms. We needed 4. After some difficulties I was able to speak to the hotel directly, as Best Western's customer support couldn't book more than 3 rooms either. It took me 3 e-mails and 4 phonecalls over a period of 4 days to get my reservation confirmed. And I never got a confirmation by e-mail, as they promised twice...But the worst was to come. (Please read to the end)Our double bed was so worn down, that when I layed in one side of the bed, the matress was lowered that much that my girlfriend rolled down to me. For the record, I'm not fat. I addition the room was ice cold. We complained and got a new room. The bed was better, but still freezing cold. We were told that the heating would be turned up, but it wasn't. The next day i spoke to them twice before a technican was sent to check it out. I got no response, but when I spoke to the technican directly (met him in the elevator) he said that the heating in our part of the building was down due to som construction in the building. I then again asked for a new room, which we got. It had heating, well not in the bathroom, but at least in the bedroom. This seemed ok, even though it was a bit worn down. But when we were going to bed, we discovered that our sheets actually was used!! No doubt! There were bread crumbs and it was wrinkled and there were other signs that it was used. We of course asked for new sheets, which we got. What should frighten customers the most is the attitude at the hotel. No one seems to care. I got no reaction when I told the reception that the sheets were dirty. It seemed like it was everyday business to them, or they simply didn't care. If I worked there I would at least have apoligized! And even offered a reduction in price.As for the location, it's good for shopping. It's in the west end of Oxford street. Bars and nightclubs are in the other end of the street. And it's a long street. You have to take taxi/bus.	
Nov 28 2007 	Its all about location	This is my 2nd stay this year at the Mostyn, and 4th stay here in the last 3 years. Nice traditional comfortable hotel situated behind the Marble Arch Thistle hotel and Cumberland hotel. Yes the hotel is getting some work done at the moment, so a little bit dusty here and there, but this did not interfer with our stay. Some extra goodies were put in the room (chocs and water) and extra toiletries, which was very nice. Rooms are moderate in saze, some are quite spacious while others are quite small, but this is London. Would stay here again, if the price is right. Great loaction for Hyde Park, Oxford Street, and about 15 minutes walk to Soho. Keep up the good work.	
Nov 9 2007	great location	Stayed here for one night. Booked 2 twin rooms but we were given 2 very spacious and quiet family rooms. The rooms were really clean and the beds very comfy. Check in and out was very quick and efficient.All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was really nice with lots of choice although the juice and hot drinks were all very weak and watery. There is some building work going on at the moment so the Reception doesn't look great but we didn't hear any noise once in our rooms.The location is great - so close to marble Arch, Oxford Street and Hyde park. We went to the London Palladium in the evening and even that is a relatively short walk down Oxford Street. We would definitely consider staying here again	
Oct 27 2007 	Liked this place alot.	We were in London visiting our son who is in school there. You can't beat the location of this hotel -- Oxford Street is a two second walk around the block. Hyde Park is just as close. We arrived at almost 10:00PM. The clerk at the front desk was very polite and friendly and we were able to check in within minutes. Our room was on the third floor -- and yes, the elevator was not in service. The clerk told us about the service elevator, but it was quite small. She offered to have someone bring up the bags, but we declined - so whatever struggles we had bringing the bags up were entirely our doing. The room was bigger than I expected and the bathroom was a comfortable size and apparently newly done over. We did notice that the room did not have a proper &quot;dresser&quot; to put folding clothes away in, but it did have two serviceable nightstands with drawers. The closet was a nice size with plenty of hangers. I loved having a programmable safe in the room. We stayed for eight days and each and every day we returned to a spotlessly clean room and neatly made bed with new towels left in the bathroom. Kudos to the cleaning staff. There was some construction going on in the hotel lobby, but it didn't really bother us. (The elevator, by the way, was out of service until our last night.)The hotel could benefit from new windows as the street noise is pretty loud (we were on the third floor on an apparently busy corner.) In all, the good far outweighed the inconvenient and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for location, location, location at a good price.	
Oct 13 2007 	Great location but only stay here at a reduced rate	I chose this hotel for it's location and because I was able to get a cheap Sunday rate, so it worked out to averaging 90 pounds for the two nights - an amazing deal for the location, especially when I noticed the rack room rates were 190 pounds per night for our family room!This location can't be beat - 1 block from Oxford street, and 2 from Marble Arch...all of the shopping and restaurants you could possible need are a short walk away, which is worth spending a bit extra for.We were in a family room(1 double, 1 single bed) on the side of the building facing the Thistle hotel. The room was fairly spacious for a London hotel room - though very dark - lit by only a few small lights, two of which were burnt out. The room was reasonably clean, though a bit battered. Being on a lower floor on this side of the building, meant a lot of late night noise outside... and a lot of bright light in the room. Getting a good nights sleep with the noise from next door...and the sounds of being in the centre of London was a challenge at best. For the price we payed, we were very satisfied - excellent location, decent room with coffee/tea/snacks, clean bathroom with all the toiletries you'd expect, friendly hotel staff that try to help. Don't get the breakfast, it's a rip off...there are plenty of places to get a quick breakfast nearby for a fraction of the price - one of the many Pret locations in London is probably the easiest.That said, there is no way I'd pay the full rack rate for this room. For 90 pounds per night.. it was a good deal... If I were spending the rack 195 pounds per night, I would expect better.	
Oct 11 2007 	Rude Staff	We stayed for 3 nights at this hotel.Apart from its excellent location for someone who wants tobe near the shopping areas all the rest was awful.Small rooms,very old building,extremely noisy (despite the fact that we had stressed during our reservation that we want a quiet room) but the worst was to come.The last evening we came back at 11.30pm and we found out that the elevator was out of order. We had to climb three floors by stairs and we saw people of a certain age having real problems going up. Nobody from the staff apologized or said something to help. The following morning we asked someone to bring down our suitcase and there we found out that there was a second elevator,for the staff obviously,which nobody had suggested at least to the older people!!! It may not cost a lot compared to London prices but it's really not a good hotel.	
Oct 1 2007 	London Mostyn Hotel	Have seen a few bad reviews for this Hotel, but really can't say anything bad about our experience at all. Room was clean and very comfortable and homey. Chocolates on pillow every night was a really nice touch. Breakfasts were hearty, staff were helpful, all in all a really good base for a short break, especially if you like shopping, just off the middle of Oxford Street. Great	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Location	I stayed here on 27 September (same as the review below) but didn't encounter any of the problems the reviewer below me states. The staff were friendly and welcoming, the breakfast staff were equally as good - a little quiet i.e. we had to ask for everything instead of them asking if we'd like toast, coffee etc - but the breakfast was free and depending on the rate you have it is free for ALL of your party, not just one person. We were on the Leisure B&amp;B rate and paid £100 for the room via their own website which was the cheapest option for us; we booked it about 3 weeks in advance of arrival. They also allowed us to check in at 1pm despite it saying not until 2pm on the invoice and there were no problems with this. Check out is not until 11am which is good for those late sleepers.The location is the best bit, literally just a 2 minute walk to Selfridges &amp; Co. and many more shops on Oxford Street. There's a Taxi rank right outside (opposite the BW Mostyn is the Hyatt) so you do not need to venture onto any other street to get a taxi as they are usually there every couple of minutes or so. Ave. price for a taxi for us ranged from £8.00 - £12.00 going from/to Euston Station and also Knightsbridge and The Strand. The rooms were small but comfortable and clean which is the main thing. We had a twin room and these are always a little better than doubles in size and shape of the room. They held our luggage for free when we checked out so that we didnt have to carry it around before we went home. They will keep it for up to six hours free which is more than enough. Anything over this is a one off payment of £10.00 which is all very reasonable. The room service was limited but adequate if you were in a rush. A bit excessive at £7.00 for a sandwich wrap but you only have to walk two minutes onto Oxford Street to find food much nicer and of the same price for a larger meal. I didnt hear any complaints when I was there and would go again, mainly for the great location but also because in London a hotel that is clean and fresh is hard to find.	
Sep 27 2007	"Worst" Western	My family and I spent three days at the Best Western Mostyn Hotel in Marble Arch section of London.I honestly could not reccommend this hotel to anyone.Despite complaints to the staff, our room was never cleaned and the linens were not changed.Our adult children found their room open one day.The gentleman in charge of the breakfast room was very impolite to my husband and even threatened to eject him from the room when he asked about the free breakfast policy. It turns out only one breakfast was free and we had to pay for the other.Hot meals were even more money. I have stayed in many hotels which offer free breakfasts.Have never run into this. Do not even consider staying there.	
Sep 19 2007 	great value	We had two rooms here for just one night in early August. I'd booked through through their website and got a great deal that had to be paid up front and no breakfast included. We chose this hotel as an alternative to a grossly expensive hotel across the road where we were to join a coach tour the following day. Considering we had to be gone by 5.30 in the morning and wouldn't get breakfast that early anyway,I didn't think it worth paying the higher price. We were delighted with our rooms - clean, quiet and extremely comfortable beds and to top it off the tour bus was right outside the door. We didn't even have to cross the road.	
Sep 8 2007 	Basic Great Location for Shopping	Although I had previously experienced the London hotel experience, I did not expect the room to be so small! Having said that, we weren't planning on spending our days in the room, therefore the room served us well. We had a good night's sleep and bathroom was clean and of a good size. Breakfast was not included in our rate, however we still decided to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant. You have a choice for full English buffet, of continental buffet. On our first morning we opted for the English breakfast which was quite yummy, although obviously more expensive! On the second day we opted for just the continental. If you're going to be visiting museums, catching the hop on/hop off bus, etc do ask the concierge for help and directions. They were very helpful and managed to save us a lof of money through buying tickets directly from the hotel. Staff was nice, but not overly friendly.The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's literally a 2 minute walk away from Oxford Street (on the Marble Arch side) so it is perfect for shopping.	
Aug 17 2007 	Terrible	The toilet hadn't been cleaned, the air-con and TV didn't work. We got a twin room despite booking a double and had to que for ages to get breakfast. The staff promised to get back to us regarding our complaints but haven't as yet......I've stayed in better youth hostels in London and payed a quater as much.	
Jul 4 2007 	not up to mark	Arrived late on the first night, around 23:00 - was given the room downstairs - they have a set of rooms in the cellar with only the last third of the window on street level! Demanded a different room and was told I could only get one tomorrow. This must be routine for people coming in late. They probably wait to see if you'll complain... The room itself (The one I got the next day) was of average size but I did see some other rooms and there is no standard size. Even though on the third floor, there was a lot of noise coming in from the street. The matress was too soft and I kept falling into the middle because of my partner's heavier weight. The pillows were hard so got a stiff neck. The rooms are clean and I have no complaint about the bathroom unless you prefer a shower hose. The breakfast food is ok too. The staff is mostly if not all foreign and I had some communication problems. I also tried to connect to the web (got a cable, username and password) but the signal was too low and I just didn't succede. The person at reception said they would come up and help but didn't. So no internet for 5 days (cold turkey).There is one very important advantage to this hotel: Its proximity to Oxford Str., Marble Arch at a reasonable price.	
Jun 29 2007 	Superb Hotel. Superb Location.	We stayed at the Mostyn on two occasions during June 2007 and had different rooms on each occasion. Although the rooms were small, they were exceptionally clean and well looked after, but a little dated. This is only to be expected in a city like London and wouldn't deter us from booking to stay there again in the future. Our room was on the second floor on both occasions and being so central there was some traffic noise, but not enough to disturb our enjoyment and certainly not as much as we expected.We found the staff friendly and the Concierge &quot;Raynard&quot; was readily available to offer helpful advice when it was needed - nothing was too much trouble for him. Well done, Ray!The hotel is within a two minute walk to Oxford Street and two minutes to the tube station. The location is absolutely suberb and an ideal place for starting your shopping expedition or for starting your sightseeing tours. All in all, we had a most pleasant stay and whenever we visit the UK in future this is the hotel we'll be staying at.So, all you Aussies looking for a London Hotel, you can't go past the Mostyn - you'll be made to feel welcome and safe.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	I have now stayed at this hotel 3 times and I cannot find fault. Of course their are little things that niggle us but to me it is a idealhotel at an ideal price in the ideal location right in Mayfair at thetop of Park Lane. My latest stay was for 3 nights Fri to Sun.My room was on the top floor at the back of the hotel overlooking Portman Sq. As always in central london you get the noise of traffic at night but that is to be expected. Fantastic reception staff and room service was prompt with an attentive waiter. Good plain clean room.I do not know of any other 3* hotel were you get chocolates on the pillow everyday.The hotel is located just 2 mins walk from the new Oxford St PRIMARK which was very busy but at least you do not have to carry your shopping far. M&amp;S and Selfridges are just 3-4 mins walk away on Oxford St.Turn left out of the hotel is a pub' called The 3 Tuns which is good for a swift one or two. Which is good, as your partner can go to PRIMARK on their own while you relax in the pub'. Turn right out of the hotel and go to the end of Bryanston St and there is a food &amp; Wine shop for your needs.To shop at Harvey Nich's &amp; Harrods I walked through Hyde Park which is only 2 minutes from the hotel door. To avoid Jay Walking over Marble Arch take the tube entrance for Marble Arch tube and follow the signs to exit 4 of the underground. This will bring you up in Hyde Park at Speakers Corner. Follow the signs to the Edinburgh Gate and you exit from the park into Knightsbridge opposite Harvey Nich's and 2 mins from Harrods. Take the same walk back to calm down from the shopping (did the same thing to visit the V&amp;A and Science Museums).Hyde Park was also good for an afternoon resting in a deck chair in the sun.I took advantage of the hotels early WEB special deal on their WEB site and got a double room for an average of £62 PRPN. For location this was excellent value. Planning another visit for late August.	
Apr 11 2007 	Could not fault it had a great time!	I was nervous as some previous reviews weren't too kind but I have to say we had a super experience of the Mostyn Hotel! Everything from start to finish was great - the staff were so helpful and friendly, the room was warm, spotless and comfortable, I requested a quiet room as I was staying with my young son and sure enough we got a spacious and quiet room! The location is fantastic, less than one minute from Oxford St and Marble Arch tube stn. The concierges in particular were incredibly helpful, going out of their way to give people tips and advice....a good tip is to get them to book a car back to the airport on your departure, its very reasonable. And they hold your bags after check out if you want to do some more sightseeing!! All in all a wonderful experience and we cant wait to go back!!	
Mar 29 2007 	Location is great and hotel was fine for the price	I stayed at the Best Western Mostyn on business for two nights. The proximity of the hotel to Marble Arch tube station was great, as all of our meetings were easy walks from tube stations easily accessed from Marble Arch. The area around the hotel has some very good restaurants and lots of shopping, should one desire that.The hotel itself was quite acceptable for a modestly priced venue in the center of London. The room was clean and a reasonable size for one or two people (not large -- I'm used to staying in Hyatts, Marriotts, etc. in the US). The staff were friendly and helpful.I would stay there again.	
Mar 6 2007	Great Hotel for location	The Mostyn Hotel is right in the heart of the shopping centre, just a few steps from Marble Arch and Oxford Street. The staff were friendly and efficient, the consierge was chatty and informative giving us directions and bus numbers for markets and sights. The room was a good size and comfortable with a double and single bed, we could have taken a child for free [pay for breakfast], and the room would have been large enough. Not much of a view, we overlooked an internal yard, but the window opened and afforded fresh air. Breakfast was ok, buffet style and plenty of it, not keen on the underground dining room, I like windows, but ok for the price.All in all I would happily stay again, we are looking forward to taking the 8 year old in half term so wish us luck!	
Jan 28 2007 	A really good hotel with the best location!	Me and my 9-year-old daughter stayed here for 3 nights and are very happy with our stay. The location is absolutely outstanding, with the Oxford street shops just around the corner and just a short walk to the underground and buses.I booked the room a few months ahead and got a really great price of £50 per night för a twinroom!The room was nice and clean, althought a bit noisy since it was facing the street. It was not a problem for us, we didn't go to London for a quite vacation ;)This is my absolutely best hotelexperience in London so far and I will definitly stay here the next time again!	
Jan 13 2007 	Well located but many problems	The hotel has an excellent location, just one block from Oxford Street and Marble Arch. The staff is very friendly and helpful. However, they gave us an &quot;underground&quot; room (name &quot;bloomsbury&quot;), which only access was through stairs. They say they have internet access in all rooms, but it was only possible to access through wi-fi at the lobby. No ethernet connection either. At least it was for free. The room is comfortable and overall clean, but we found several used paper tissues under the bed. This might have been the cause of me and my wife getting sick during our stay (we found the papers only too late).When staying at this hotel, make sure you get rooms on higher levels. And do not order in-room breakfast - it's so small and expensive it is not worth it.	
Jan 10 2007 	Little gem!	We were very surprised at the overall high standards of this hotel, considering the reasonable price we paid for a 2 night stay over New Year.The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and well equipped and the location excellent for Oxford Street and Marble Arch tube station.	
Jan 7 2007 	Very good!	We spent 10 nights in the Mostyn hotel, and everything was very good. The room was pretty big and the breakfast was also ok. It was a buffet. There was tea service (with hot chocolate and cookies also). Staf was very nice, and the location is perfect (1 minute from Marble Arch).	
Dec 20 2006 	wont stay again	Well located, nice lobby, very helpful concierge. Upon arrival were greeted by a bobby removing an undesireable from our floor.Room was tired, tiny, water stained ceiling, aircon didnt work (fixed on request).	
Nov 15 2006 	Handy for a shopping weekend	This hotel has a welcoming lobby and bar area, and a nice public bathroom. Although the hotel says that it charges a fee for leaving baggage after checking out, I wasn't charged this fee. The hotel was also happy for me to hold on to my safe-deposit key until I returned to claim my luggage.I was allocated a room on the ground floor, and believe I was given a smoking room, despite having requested a non-smoking one. This wasn't a problem, though, as the room smelt fine. The room was fairly run down, but a decent size. The TV reception was a bit snowier than I'd have preferred, but I hardly watched any TV that weekend. I had read that the bathrooms were small, but the size was average for a British hotel. However, the door to the bathroom wouldn't shut all the way on the first day, but my companion and I didn't report it. The problem mysteriously resolved itself the next day. I was very pleased with housekeeping - they had a good eye for a few of my preferences.I also have to say that the hotel had a very reasonably-priced airport transfer service. I didn't use it, as I already had a train ticket, but I would probably use it next time. We didn't try the hotel breakfast, as I know a very good breakfast place close by, where two people can have a very nice meal for the price of one hotel breakfast. In conclusion: yes, the room was a bit run down, but it was fine. Our ground-floor room faced the street, yet I didn't find it noisy. And the location is fantastic. I'd definitely stay there again. In fact, I'd chose it over the Thistle across the street.	
Nov 15 2006	Smal Noisy Rooms	My partner and i chose this hotel as we were ony staying in london for one night and really just wanted a place to crash. The hotel itself is ok, nothing special and ran completly by foreigners, which i didnt have a probem with but they are quite slow at checking you in etc. Our hotel room was on the second floor, with our window facing the main road, with a traffic light junction 20 yards away, and a bus stop outside. At this time we didnt really take to much notice as we were only in the room for 15minets as we had plans for the rest of the day. we arrived back at the hotel around 9.00pm and decided to have a drink at the bar, i had a archers and lemonade and my partner had a pint, this somehow managed to come to £9.00 which the lady at the bar was adement was correct. We then bought a drink an hour later where a man severed us, we had the same drinks however that came to £5.50?????? Once up to the hotel room the noise from the traffic was realy bad, and by 1.00am i was fed up of not being able to sleep and went to complain to reception. The man at reception told me there was only two things they could do for me, move me to a diffrent room, which they couldnt as they were full, or give me a discounmt on my room, which he wouldnt as i had not booked the room directly with the hotel. I told him that was ridiculous and that i wanted to speak to a manger, which he replied come back on Monday as he was not in till then!! i was speakless at this point as it was 1.15am on Saturday! Not once did he applogise for the fact i was not happy with the room and al he could say was that the room is acceptable and other poeple are more than happy to stay in that room!! This hotel is ok apart from staff not knowing what they are doing, and are rude and really not bothered about about whether you are happy or not!!!	
Nov 14 2006 	Awful Hotel!	My friend and I went on a shopping trip to London last Saturday (11th November). We just went for one night and decided that the Mostyn Hotel was handy as it was so close to Oxford St. First impressions of the hotel were not great - smelly reception, no conscierge available etc. Anyway, the worst bit was that we were only in London for one night and had back to back plans for the two days. We arrived back to our hotel from Shopping at 5.45pm on Sat night an asked for a taxi to be booked for 6.15pm. At 6.15pm the conscierge called us to say that he didn't book a taxi as it was expensive to book and we should just hail a black cab!! So we went down to reception and asked for him - he was no where to be found. I then asked the reception staff if the conscierge could hail us a cab and they said that we would be better off doing it ourselves. I told them this was unacceptable service and I was going to write a letter to the Manager (which I will). Anyway, to make a very long story short, we walked up and down for 20 minutes and could not get a taxi, we ended up taking the tube, (which involved a change) and subsequently we were 1 hour and 10 minutes late for our dinner reservation and because we had a show to go to, we only had 40 minutes to eat....They practically ruined our weekend!! Rooms were incredibly dusty and cramped also.	
Oct 27 2006 	Noisy and cramped	I found the room very small even though i was expecting it the reality was a bit of a shocker! The room faced the road so was very noisy, as in we were woken up very early every morning with the sound of buses and refuse removal(i think that's what it was, I couldn't see outside because the windows were glazed over as we were right on the ground) I found the fact that they gave us this room when they knew we were travelling with a young baby extremely inconsiderate, the hotel was fully booked so we could not change.I couldn't wait to leave.	
Oct 7 2006 	Great location for Oxford Street	We stayed at this hotel for three nights from 28-sep-06. There was a short mix up with the rooms, names and smoking or non-smoking, at reception but this was quickly resolved. The rooms were small with little floor or hanging space but both were clean and tidy. The bathroom was also small but had a very good shower, which is important to my husband and I.As we were at a wedding and shopping we didn't eat or drink in the hotel so i can't pass comment.The concierge was very helpful and pleasant.Would stay here again for a short shopping trip but not if I was going to spend any lenght of time in the room.	
Oct 6 2006 	Great value and location	We (two couples) stayed at this hotel for two nights. Sept 29 &amp; 30.Everything was really great. Our rooms were clean and reasonable sized. The reception, particularly the concierge were fantastic and helpful.I have stayed in hotels all over London and will go back here next time we go to london.Most hotels in London are crap and overpriced. This one has got it spot on. Quiet, cozy and a great location, 5 minute walk to Marble Arch tube stop. One minute walk to Oxford street.At the other end of the street is probably one of the best Indian restraunts in London (Port des Indes) It's not cheap. But try Sunday lunchtime for great value.	
Oct 5 2006	Not as Good as it Used to Be	I have stayed here twice before (in 2004 and 2005) and it was good then. However, after just returning from London, I have decided I will not stay here again.The hotel is supposed to be air-conditioned. Some rooms are and some rooms just blow very warm air. My brother accompanied me and my mother to London and had his own room. His room was spacious and cool; however, we weren't as lucky. The first room we were given was hot, so we requested another room. They gave us a room on the same floor, and it was hot, too. All rooms at the hotel were booked that night, though, so we had to stay in the second room we moved to. We had to sleep with the window open for ventilation that night. Needless to say, with the street noise, we didn't get any sleep. (We moved across the street to the Thistle Marble Arch the next day. Highly recommended if you can afford to do so.) Temperature is controlled at the front desk, too. You cannot adjust it yourself. The room safes at the Mostyn no longer work. The hotel has discontinued offering this amenity. (You can lock up valuables at the front desk, though.) This isn't a really big deal, but the hotel advertises the rooms as having in-room safes, and it is a hassle to go between your room and waiting at the front desk for somebody to help you when you need something.The lift is small, hot, and has graffiti in it. Be careful when getting out of the lift, too, as the floor is raised and you could trip if you are not looking down when exiting.Last but not least, the bathroom drains were slow and there was a wad of dark, curly hair in the shower in the second room we were moved to. Housekeeping obviously needs to pay more attention to detail and cleanliness.This hotel has really gone down in quality in the past year. Recommended:Request an inner room not on the street. There is no view, but the rooms are quieter and the a/c works. Also, do NOT accept a room on the first floor. A worker at the hotel told us they were having trouble with the a/c on the first floor. Not sure why they would put people who paid for a hotel with a/c in these rooms. While at the front desk waiting for somebody to help me get into my safety deposit box the first (and last) evening, two other people (also staying in rooms on the first floor) came down complaining how hot their rooms were.Pros of hotel: Raynard, the concierge, is helpful and extremely nice. He remembered me from my trip to London last year and greeted me with a friendly hello and smile. The location is fantastic.I hope if you decide to stay at the Mostyn that your experience was better than ours. As I previously stated, my brother's room was suitable; ours was not. Hopefully, you'll get a suitable room or be able to move into one that is.	
Oct 4 2006 	air conditioning did not work	We were very disappointed and upset about our stay at the Mostyn because the air conditioning wasn't cooling our room. Even when we asked them to turn it down, there was still warm air blowing out of the vent. We complained to one of the night clerks who moved us to a &quot;cooler&quot; room. Same problem. It ordinarily wouldn't have mattered so much, but it was in the 80s in London and we looked forward to returning to a cool room after a long day of sightseeing.My daughter and I checked out the next day after spending a miserable, warm night with the window open. We were supposed to stay there four more days. We found out that the air conditioning was broken, but the clerks failed to tell us that. I really didn't appreciate their dishonesty, and the male night clerks were very indifferent about the whole problem. I guess they didn't care because the lobby was nicely cooled.In both rooms we had clogged sinks, and the water barely went down the drain. In the first room, the shower spurted water all over the floor. Sadly, the staff made up that first room again and used it for another unsuspecting tourist that same evening. I thought that was pretty tacky.Also, the safes in the rooms are not working so you have to keep valuables in a safe deposit box in an area adjacent to the check in/ reception area. Not only is it inconvenient to have to use these boxes every time you need to remove your money, jewelry, or passport, but it is in an open area where you have absolutely no privacy to take out items or put them back in.The last complaint was about the elevator. Having stayed at this hotel twice before, I am well aware of the small and very slow elevator. However, this visit the elevator did not stop evenly with the first floor where we stayed. That could be a safety issue with someone toting baggage or someone who doesn't see well.I just thought overall that the quality and maintenance of the hotel were lacking. I would not recommend it to anyone at this point.The only two positives I can think of are the wonderful concierge/porter named Raynard who was so helpful and cooperative and the wonderful location of the hotel. It is near Marble Arch, Oxford Street, and the underground tube system.I wrote a letter to customer service of Best Western, and they responded saying that the hotel had seven days to respond to my complaints with a copy to be sent to them as well. Well.....I'm still waiting.	
Sep 13 2006 	Good central and cheap.	We had a very good stay at Mostyn House. We arrived using the offer at --- which gave us half price at Best Westerns, so it only worked out about £30 pppn. Considering its just round the corner from Marble Arch, thats excellent.We had room 402, which was a family room round the back so was quiet. The bedroom was a decent standard and the bathroom was very modern. There is only one small lift to all floors so that took a while if we were too tired to use the stairs.Breakfast was a buffet in the cramped restaurant downstairs. Not a lot of room, though the staff were very attentive. It doubles up as the Bang! sausage bar at night. There are money off vouchers in the welcome pack when you arrive. We'd be very happy to go back.	
Sep 6 2006 	11 night stay mixed experience for two 21y/o visitors	Concierge (when we could find him) was most knowledgeable, reminded us very much of Hotel Babylon's concierge - knew everyone worth knowing, offered tips and discounts for all over London. unfortunately front desk staff spoke VERY LITTLE english. ridiculous. be prepared to speak slowly and clearly.Incredible location adjacent to Oxford Street, 60 second walk to Marble Arch underground, close to casino, indian restaurant and chemist. Rooms were spacious but cleaner never gave the bath or toilet a good scrub - we stayed for 11 days, a shorter trip I could understand, i just hope she cleaned it when we left.Breakfast was average. nice for the first few days but menu never changed, got sick of it by 7th day. fresh fruit available first three days but then disappeared - had to ask specifically for it each day following. no idea why they didn't put it out if it was available in the kitchen. also had to line up for breakfast as room was full by 8:30am - very small restaurant, should not have to line up for a pre-paid breakfast that is available until 10am. telephone in room didn't work, had to shout at top of lungs to be heard, and could hear another conversation at the same time - obviously a crossed wire.porn channel on television, unblocked and unaviodable while flicking thru channels, cant imagine what parents staying with children would think. other than this, lovely hotel - room service was prompt and staff very friendly, beds made each day and safe in room very secure.HIGHLY recommend the Indian restaurant around corner from hotel entrance - very fancy so dress well, but the price was worth the highest quality indian food.	
Jul 12 2006	Definitely Recommended	I stayed at the Best Western Mostyn from April 9-12 and was pleasantly surprised!! I booked a room as a single thinking I would be getting a single bed (thats what most hotels in London give you), however I ended up with a King size bed which was a bonus. The rooms were large &amp; clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful.I was very nervous booking a hotel in London as most in my price range were pretty much dives. I came across the Best Western in my massive search of hotels and the price was very reasonable. For 2 nights I paid $222 (pounds) which is excellent for downtown London.The area is perfect, right in the thick of things (just off Oxford Street) but quiet at the same time. Your off of the main street so you don't hear a lot of the traffic or people. I would absolutely go back to this hotel if I were ever in London again!!!	
Jul 2 2006	Good Location Nice Hotel	Had a last minute overnight stay in London and didn't think we'd get a decent hotel at a reasonable price. Luckily we found good reviews of the BW Mostyn and managed to get a room at a reasonable price for London.Very central location with good access to the tube, room slightly on the small side but very clean &amp; presentable. Nice bathroom too.Would definitely come back in the future.	
Jun 2 2006	Excellent Location	I stayed one night at the Mostyn Hotel by myself. The room, though not large, was well appointed with a number of travel magazines on the bedside cabinet. The television was flat screen and the bathroom was clean and comprehensively stocked.All staff were responsive and helpful with the exception of the concierge on my arrival who watched me struggle up the stairs with my luggage ,even though I had a walking stick! Full Continental Breakfast is served in the pleasant basement by well trained,efficient staff. The Hotel is one minute from Oxford St and Marble Arch Tube Station and in an ideal location for all the sights and shopping.	
May 27 2006	Not my first choice	Wanted to treat my girlfriend to a night in the city and we'd previously stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch so we thought we'd try there again, only this time they quoted us a rate double to what we'd paid last time. This Hotel was opposite so we thought we'd give it a try.Got a standard rate for London (£99) excluding breakfast but we were given a complimentary upgrade to a syndicate room. The receptionist who checked us in was very curteous but service was a little slow as my credit card was declined by their machine and I had to pay cash (Not her fault I know, these pdq machines can be very tempramental)The room was a nice size and with King size bed. As I say it was a syndicate (bed which can be pulled down from the wall) and the area behind the bed didn't look that clean, though the rest of the room was fine. Our room was on the lower ground floor and faced the street, I expected traffic noise but there was none, and we caught the sunrise which was really nice.My gripe however is that there was no plug in the bath. I really wanted a bath not a shower and I asked Reception if it were possible to get one and they said they would send a night porter to look (It was after 10pm). I appreciate there isn't 24 hour maintenence on site but I would have appreciated a curtesy call back, even if it was to say sorry but we don't have a spare. After an hour nothing had happened and I complained to the night manager and said it was too late now and I was going to go to bed. 5 minutes later the porter turns up with the spare plug, which makes me wonder if anybody had even been sent to look in the first place.As I say it wasn't my first choice of Hotel, but it was a nice room, and a bed for the night which was all we really needed, but the incident with the plug spoiled it somewhat.	
May 5 2006	excellent!!	We (myself and 3 others, all 16/17yrs old) stopped at the Mostyn hotel for 3 during the easter hols. It was in a prime location, 15 min walk to Madame Tussauds, and a 5/10 min walk to the tube station - absolutly brilliant! we had 2 twin rooms between us, and they were fabulous! the TV had a few sky channels on (not that we ever had time to watch it!) and the staff were very friendly and helpful! weve never stopped in a hotel without our parents before, and we found the staff very helpul, and very patient when we dint have a clue what we were doing! I would throughly recommend the Mostyn - were deffo gonna go again!!	
May 2 2006	What more could you possibly want???????	Well I spent absolutely ages trying to find the perfect base for a London night out for my wife to celebrate her birthday. I was trying to balance location Vs cost Vs tripadvisor review and it was a bit of a missionBUTI opted for this Best Western Mostyn and I was absolutely over the moon with the choice. The location is good with a Sainsburys express thing up the road for cheap pastries, water, juice ect ect as the cheap rate we got did not include breakfast. You have Hyde Park a stones throw away and you also are real close to Marble Arch tube. We walked into Leicester Square and Covent Garden and the area is nice for a stroll. If you are not pulling too many bags then the walk from Paddington is also okay as this is how we arrived.The room is small but a nice bed, TV, tea and coffee, a real nice hot powerful shower all made the stay perfect. We were on the top floor so nice and quiet! Check the photos.Lastly the staff were also really pleasant. The conciege whose name escapes me was bubbly and a funny guy.So stay at this hotel. We got this hotel at £50 for the night via the BW website. I would have been happy if I had of paid £60-£70 so at £50 this was a steal.	
Apr 4 2006 	I can't say enough positive things about this Hotel	If you are looking for a great hotel, this one is it! The service is fantastic and the staff were the friendliest in all of England. Vivian signed us in and everyone was very professional and pleasant. I called the desk a couple of times because I needed information for tours, calls, pillows, heat and each time they answered us immediately and in the most pleasant way. Our room was 320 on the main street, but the sounds did not keep us awake, we slept great! The room was clean, well stocked with coffee, tea and cookies, plenty of towels and comfortable and clean beds. Continental breakfast was great. In America you're lucky to have a stale donut and old coffee.. At the Mostyn you get coffee, tea, juice, cereal, yogurt, rolls, eggs, ham, tomatoes, bagels, etc. and all included. We needed to lock up bags and travel with a tour bus after check out.. no problem.. they kept the bags safe and we picked them up 7 hours after sign out. We needed cab service and Ray called and made all arrangements, put our bags in the cab and treated us as loving guests. Hotel cost is very reasonable $180.00 per night. I can't say enough about this marvelous little hotel at Marbel Arch. There is a great little pub across the street for Fish and Chips named the Three Tuns.. well worth the visit. Stay at the Mostyn Hotel Marble Arch and you won't be sorry. The McIlvaine's from Florida,USA.	
Mar 24 2006	Excellant HotelVery helpful and happy staff and Very clean	Great Hotel, Super friendly and happy staff.Very clean Hotel and nice atmosphere. Rooms were good size and again very clean. We will stay here again as a good location as well.Wonderful Steak restaurant a few minutes walk away called 'Black and Blue' mm mmBar prices for a London hotel were very good and the services excellant.The only down side was the Continental Breakfast, The crosiants and rolls were a very dry and appeared stale,but maybe they were just not stored properly etcThat said we wouls still stay again, but skip breakfast.A+++++++++	
Mar 18 2006	Great London Hotel	This is an amazingly convenient place for retail therapy (2 minutes from Oxford Street, 2 minutes from Marble Arch tube, taxi rank right outside) with v. friendly, helpful staff. We arrived at 11am expecting to just leave our bags, but the room was ready. Unlike others who have posted, the room (twin room no. 206) was a reasonable size for London, and pretty quiet (overlooks Seymour St, which is not as busy as Bryanston St). Heard one siren all night. Breakfast pretty good, although expensive at 11GBP for full English if not included in package. Plethora of local eating places that are much cheaper.Our thanks to the poster who mentioned putting your room card in the slot to activate the lights; without you, we'd never have worked it out.Great place.	
Mar 17 2006 	I'd never come back !!	Well my visit to the UK was really unpleasant because of the Mostyn hotel. Here is my experience in this hotel:I arrived on Sunday, room 320. The first night I put all my money into the hotel room safe. Monday morning I left the sign &quot;DO NOT DISTURB&quot; when leaving. When I came back to the hotel I found my room cleaned ... What a surprise - I couldn't open my safe!! Later it appeared that it was opened by someone else and all my money were gone. When I asked the hotel administration to use special equipment to see who was entering my door, it appeared that the lock was broken. The one who entered my room was really prepared - fingerprints were cleaned away. I received no understanding and no apology from the hotel.	
Feb 25 2006 	A pleasant surprise	i paid about 120 US dollars a day for two people with buffet breakfast at alpharooms for mid-february 2006. the rooms are big enough for two people, and big for london standards. everything was very clean. it was nice to get tea and coffee and hot chocolate with biscuits in your room everyday. the staff were always very nice too! from the cleaning ladies to the porter, to the front desk staff and teh breakfast staff. really pleasant and courteous.in the middle of the night however, you can hear the police cars and sirens, but that is what you pay for being in the middle of london - and you cannot beat the location. it is a one minute walk to oxford street. would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to EVERYONE.	
Feb 23 2006	Great overnight stay at the Mostyn	I stayed at the Mostyn on February 21, 2006 after an overnight flight from Washington DC to London as a promotion from British Airways offering a free night's hotel stay. I arrived around 9am and I was in luck because my room was ready for me, and everything was prepaid as arranged. The reception staff were very pleasant and answered all of my questions, and the concierge and gentleman who helped me with my very heavy bags (I believe his name was Ray) were very nice as well. One thing to note is that in order to operate the lights in the room you have to insert your room key into the slot above the light switch. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean, the shower worked nicely and overall I have no complaints. The elevator is quite small though. The only reason I didn't give this hotel a rating of 'excellent' is that one of the main reasons I chose this hotel was because of the in-room internet access but this was not available in my room (single, 201) because they were still upgrading the system. However, wifi is available in the lounge and someone at reception will print out the connection information you need. The location is great as well, very close to Oxford Street. I will be recommending this hotel to my family and friends when they come to visit me.	
Feb 9 2006	Superb Location - Suprisingly good	Mostyn Hotel was indeed value for money for the price of 68GBP per room per night. The location was absolutely fantastic and very convenient for retail therapy and cultural excursions! The rooms were compact yet comfortable and very clean and the staff was very helpful. Due to our strange time schedule we did not grace the breakfast offered by the hotel until the very last day. Although our reservation included breaksfast, we were informed that it did not. Due to time constraints,we did not clarify the matter and left the hotel. Beware of hidden charges! The latter set aside, Mostyn exceeded my expectations for a 3* in the particular area. I would strongly recommend the hotel if you are looking for no frills yet clean and conveniently located accommodation.	
Feb 8 2006	Best value	My friend and I stayed at the Mostyn for 6 nights and we absolutely loved it. The Mostyn is about the standard of one of the nicer Best Westerns or a Days Inns in the States. The price was right and the location was perfect -- right off Oxford St., and with a tube station and several bus stops right nearby.The rooms are very small but typical of London -- so for those of you travelling from the U.S., this is what standard hotel rooms are like there. The decor is old-fashioned and gaudy (pinks and reds and golds), and again, typical of British hotels. The bathroom was lovely and had a bathtub. Everything was clean and fresh and the towels, bottles and coffee-making supplies were well-stocked. The television picks up the bare essentials of British programming, no cable or satellite here.The noise from the street was a bit annoying in the early morning, but it's in the middle of the city, so what can you do. The consciences were outstanding and the friendliest we've encountered in London yet. I myself have stayed at many different hotels in London and this one was more pleasant than many 4-4 1/2 star hotels. For this price, we will definitely return soon.	
Jan 28 2006	A Lovely Stay at Best Western Mostyn	I would highly recommend this hotel, the staff were friendly and extremely helpful - we made a new friend in the Ray from the concierge desk. A large buffet for breakfast with a choice of continental or English. The hotel is within a few minutes walk of Marble Arch &amp; Hyde Park.I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 5 2005	Not Bad	My wife &amp; i stayed for 2 nights. Although nothing flash it serves its purpose. The original room we were told to go to hadn't been cleaned yet, but the staff quickly found us another room which had been cleaned. The rooms are very small but if your looking to stay for a night or two then room size isn't an issue. Can't beat the location either!	
Nov 24 2005	Can't beat it!	I stayed at this hotel on the 19th of November and i can honestly say that this hotel is first rate. The staff, appearance and look of the hotel is brillant. The room are excellent the bed were so comfortable and the bath was great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone without a doubt.	
Nov 14 2005	Good value Good location	This Hotel is nothing to write home about as hotels go - the room was small to cramped, service was OK but nothing special.The location and value make it a good option for those who don't require luxury accomodation.A minutes walk from marble arch and Oxford street and a little further to hyde park.For the price (especially if you book online) this is a good value hotel for central London.	
Oct 18 2005	Clean 	My husband and I stayed at the Best Western in Marble Arch, London during the beginning of October 2005. We chose the Best Western because the price was more reasonable than most other hotels (although it's still expensive by American standards). I am a germaphobe and I was pleasantly surprised by our hotel room. Our bathroom was cleaner than my stay at many top notch hotels in the states. The carpet was stained in many places but it didn't really bother me since I was planning on laying on it. One night when we arrived back at the hotel I noticed there was blood on the sheets that had been changed. We asked for new sheets to be sent up and 2 more had blood on them (someone had a bad day, I guess). The staff appologized and made sure we received clean sheets. I would still recommend the hotel though. The location is excellent (right off of Oxford street the high fashion shopping area) and in walking distance to many places like Camden Market, Picadilly Circus, etc.) It is also right next to a central line tube stop. Be sure to bring your earplugs, however. Otherwise you might be woken up by traffic and deliveries around 4AM on Bryanston St. I came prepared so it was fine. I would stay there again. Also, Cafe Uno (go down Seymore a ways and you'll see it) near the hotel had good/reasonable Italian food. There's also a Starbucks in that area.	
Sep 4 2005	Okay but nothing great!	This hotel is VERY basic. It was a decent price in a good area, just off Oxford Street. We stayed there August 2-5th and then returned August 24-27th. I dont think I would stay there again but its not a bad hotel. There is so much to do and see in London it really doesnt matter what the hotels like b/c you are never in it.The Good,The location was great and there is a tour bus stop a block away that lets you onto the A/B/C lines. The tours can get you anywhere in London. The price was good. The shopping on Oxford was great and there were lots of little shops and things were easy to get to. The hotel was clean and offered breakfast.The Bad,The staff was not very friendly. We asked for ice and had to go down stairs and were given two small glasses of ice. wierd! The rooms were small but the bathrooms were okay. It was pretty outdated style.	
Aug 1 2005	Great Hotel	Had a wonderful stay at this hotel, and being very central, could enjoy London's main attractions. Hotel was very clean, and breakfast was very good. Very recommendable.	
Jun 29 2005	A very so-so experience	If you are used to cheap tourist-hotels, I expect you would find the Mostyn a very nice hotel. But from my point of view it´s at best a so-so hotel. I stayed here for 4 nights with my 2 children. And the only thing that´s REALLY good about the hotel, is it´s location - very close to Oxford Street and Marble Arch tube station. The staff was generally friendly - but the porter (a rather big man with what looked like a big beer-belly) was a very arrogant type - acting like he owned the place. Our room was OK - but only just OK. They should not wait long before they give the rooms a major overhaul. The bathroom was pleasant though. Aircondition was very noisy and could not be adjusted - only turned on or off. Elevator capacity was much to small (only one guest elevator). Breakfast was a buffet and the quality was average. All in all not a hotel I would return to. There are plenty of better choices in London.	
Jun 23 2005	disappointing	My husband and myself and two kids (18 and 24) stayed for one night for a silver wedding anniversary celebration. Location is very good and staff are very pleasant. Rooms are a bit shoddy. Dirty curtains on broken tracks. Kids had room 115 which was a no smoking room but on the balcony was a bucket of bricks? and loads of old fag ends. We had room 130. It was in a very bad position, at first we thought great its at the end of a corridor so no passing people but we could not open the windows as all the huge air vents and machinery needed was right outside the room. Good job we had the air conditioning on all night or we would have been kept awake by the noise. If offered this room ask to be given another. VERY DISAPPOINTING.	
Jun 17 2005	A Pleasant Surprise - A Great Value	With the dollar value almost half of the British pound, it was somewhat difficult to find an affordable hotel in London that would meet my high standards. Since I was traveling with my son, we needed a room with two beds and since we would be traveling during June, I wanted to be sure we had a room with air conditioning. Being budget minded, I read previous reviews on TripAdvisor about the Best Western Mostyn Hotel. All the positive comments written are true.The location (right by Marble Arch/Hyde Park) is superb. Located right off of Oxford Street, it is in the midst of the lively London scene yet set back a block offering a quiet atmosphere. The staff is friendly but not extremely helpful. The concierge staff probably being the most unknowledgeable I've ever encountered. The rooms are simple but clean and comfortable. The bath facilties, however were very nice. The shower was heavenly and the bath towels large and comfy. The air conditioning worked well and was very much needed and appreciated. The best part however was the price! I booked it through the Best Western website and received almost a half price rate as a prepaid WEB special. Quite a bargain, by London standards.I must warn Americans however. If the dollar remains weak in England - Beware of spending just about DOUBLE on absolutely everything. A Starbucks coffee costs $5 U.S.! Three days in London ws enough for us - my wallet was happy to move on......	
Jun 16 2005	Great position	We have stayed in London at Mostyn Hotel over several years and love going there. Its so handy, comfortable and clean. Good breakfasts and afterwards you are so close to the Marble Arch end of Oxford Street. Great place to see London from and we will return.	
Apr 29 2005	Great Hotel in a Great Location	It was thanks to Trip Advisor Reviews that we booked this hotel for a 'girls' weekend away in London on 22nd April and we were certainly NOT disappointed. The reception staff, breakfast staff and porters were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and towels changed on a daily basis. There was both a bath and a hot and powerful invigorating shower. The room had tea and coffee making facilities and an adequate supply of 'Nescafe' sachets, tea bags and packets of biscuits which were very welcome after a busy day's shopping.Breakfast was fine with a hot and cold buffet and although the dining room wasn't huge, we had no trouble in finding a table. This was probably due to being quite early between 8.30 and 9.00 a.m.The location of the hotel is fantastic, two blocks away from Marble Arch Tube Station and a minutes walk from Oxford Street. Please don't make the same mistake as us and get tubes from Kings Cross station to the hotel. Dragging suitcases on and off tubes and up and down stairs is no fun especially when we paid a total of £8.00 for tickets and a taxi would have been the same price. We learned by our mistake though on our departure and the porter hailed a taxi and carried all our cases and put them in! This was by far the best hotel we have stayed in when visiting London. Yes, the sirens can be heard during the night but what can you expect staying in the heart of the Capital City.Yes we will stay there again without a doubt and recommend it to our friends.	
Feb 6 2005	Disappointed	Good location but disappointed in the hotel. Would not stay there again. The air conditioner was not working and although we asked repeatedly for this to be looked at, nothing was done. The receptionist confirmed that it would be looked at and that they would call us - nothing heard from them. The room faced a busy street - try to get a room that is not facing the street side as there are many police and ambulances that pass in the middle of the night.	
Jan 13 2005	Great Location Great Hotel	We stayed at the Mostyn for 5 nights in December 2004. It thoroughly lived up to expectations and was pretty much exactly as all the other reviewers have said.We had a room at the back of the hotel (overlooking the police station, as previously mentioned) which was very quiet and relaxing. The staff were always very polite. We would stay at the Mostyn again and highly recommend it to anyone. As said many times before here, the location is exceptional!	
Jan 5 2005	Great hotel in a great area of town	This hotel is in a very convenient location (close to the Marble Arch tube, lots of bus stops that take you to all the attractions around town, great shopping, great restaurants, etc.)I would agree with the other reviewer mentioning the breakfast room being too small and crowded. However, the pricing is right, the location is great, the service is very good (rooms are clean and well kept, staff is friendly, heating works great...). Overall it is excellent. I will stay there when I go back to London.	
Nov 25 2004	Fantastic Value	Discovered the Mostyn on the internet when my usual hotel was fully booked. Wish I had found it years ago ! In my opinion the best value facilities in the area. The Mostyn puts it's more celebrated (and expensive) neighbours to shame	
Nov 3 2004	Feel at home		
Oct 16 2004	Great hotel I will come back for sure!!!		
Oct 12 2004	Small rooms but great location - and don't forget Deya!		
Jul 20 2004	Book carefully at the Mostyn		
May 29 2004	the best hotel for the price		
Apr 23 2004 	Brilliant Hotel		
Apr 6 2004	GREAT HOTEL!!		
Aug 23 2003	Dissapointment		
Jun 5 2003	Excelent Room Rate in the Heart of Oxford Street		
May 12 2003	Hate the place		
Apr 26 2009 	Tranquille et bien situé		
Apr 22 2009 	hotel aceptable		
Jan 5 2009 	perfetto hotel mostyn		
Oct 27 2008 	Bon hôtel		
Jul 1 2008 	TRES BIEN SITUE ET TRES AGREABLE		
Apr 19 2008	tres bon hotel pour le centre de londres		
May 29 2007 	laut		
Mar 13 2007 	Problemas y problemas: No dormimos nos han cobrado de más.		
