Nov 25 2009 	A delightful stay	My husband was attending a conference dinner and we booked this hotel for an overnight stay afterwards. The hotel was well recommended by other reviews on Tripadvisor. Use the hotel's own website to book as it has a 'best rate for the day' button. We booked a Queen room with breakfast for £109 - an incredibly cheap rate for London. When we arrived, we were very courteously greeted and advised that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room at the front of the hotel. The room was beautifully and comfortably furnished - all the usual bits and pieces extremely well done. Two bottles of mineral water were provided. If I have any criticism it is that the room was very warm during the night and that the shower screen wasn't quite big enough to prevent splashing. But they are very, very tiny niggles because we spent an extremely comfortable night. The lounge/bar is small but beautifully furnished with squashy velvet sofas and very comfortable chairs and tables. A particularly pleasing touch is the courtesy glass of wine in the evening - and very pleasant wine too! Whilst we didn't eat in the hotel, the food looked very good and was surprisingly cheap. There are, however, many restaurants in the vicinity - albeit not particularly cheap ones. Breakfast, served in a very pleasant downstairs room, was continental and perfectly adequate. But for those who want a cooked meal, there is plenty of choice - again very, very reasonably priced (remember, this is London). The staff were completely charming and very efficient and we were extremely well looked after. We would certainly stay again. As a note, the hotel is within easy walking distance of the famous museums and the Knightsbridge shops and is very close to the tube. Thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2009	The best choice for London stays!!	great position, just 2 minutes away from Gloucester Road station ( circle, district and picadilly line).great atmosphere, personell very kind and ready to satisfy any requests.rooms very comfortable and clean ( not that usual in London, unfortunately!). We have also been upgraded upon arrival, so our superior room turned to be an executive one, with 3 huge windows on cromwell road ( no complains about the noise, however!), 2 flat tvs, sitting area and enough room to store everything and to comfortably live in it.breakfast buffet is not an extensive one, by the way you can find the basics needed to start the day! i'll definetively go to stay again at this hotel during my trips to london: as a former londoner, i could say with no doubts that this is a great choice for london stays!	
Nov 24 2009 	Excellent all round value	Very convenient for sites and restaurants and tube. Safe walking in the surrounding area. Very friendly and helpful reception staff. Well decorated and very clean rooms. Not expensive for this area of London.	
Nov 24 2009 	not 4 star treatment	Stayed 2 nights with my wife as short break .Initial impression quite good as staff pleasant + room tastefully decorated + clean .Mild disappointment as room showed some signs of wear + tear + 1 curtain wouldn't close , also breakfast tables absurdly small .However the main issue was that on first morning we were unable to get any warm water , we phoned down to reception to be told that the boiler had broken - this was not fixed until 6pm that evening which was too late for either of us as we had an early evening appointment ! Admittedly this was an unforeseen occurrence BUT there was no apology from the management + the general manager was nowhere to be found .Furthermore no reduction in the bill on leaving - 4 star prices but not 4 star treatment I,m afraid	
Nov 23 2009 	The Ashburn was all that I expected and more after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor	I researched this hotel on Trip Advisor before booking the room on-line myself. All transaction was done via email and it couldn't have gone more smoothly - arriving there early Sunday morning was an issue as we had to wait for our room, but they kindly checked our bags and off we went to Kensington Palace for some sightseeing and tea at L'Orangerie. When we got back, our bags were in our rooms and a quick phone call to the front desk to inquire about the power - and how to keep it engaged - left us feeling like dumb Americans, but happy ones to have such a lovely room, just as expected/requested! Everything about the room was as described in the website. The evening champagne was a treat and a nice prelude to our evening, but we only made it one of the three nights we spent there.  The hotel's location was superb for tube access on Cromwell Road and neighboring pubs for that end of evening pint or libation. Actually, the location was a great one overall for seeing London and I would recomend it to anyone looking for a very positive experience and good pivot point for touring London.The concierge was always present and always courteous, as was all the staff. Morning breakfast was diverse, delicious and of good quality. We found most of the clientele to be European as most Americans seem to gravitate to the bigger chain hotels. My emailed requests for the type and location of our room were granted, as we booked far enough in advance to do so.Just can't say enough about our 3 days there, except when can we go again?	
Nov 4 2009 	Great stay at a great hotel	Excellent hotel that lived up to all the reviews. Very convenient to central London with the tube just 5 minutes away.Syle, the concierge was helpful with every request we asked. The breakfast was great and never did have a problem finding a table.Would stay there again when we visit London again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Lovely Boutique Hotel. Can't wait to go back.	My husband and I LOVED this boutique hotel. The rooms were beautiful...especially the bathroom. And very, very clean, which is the most important factor to me. The outside of the hotel is gorgeous, and the staff is very helpful and friendly. Upon arrival, the concierge helped us book our tickets for different sites and told us how to get there. The continental breakfast, which was included with the room, was small, but adequate. We drank tea and read the paper every morning at breakfast...great service. The hotel provides a great hair dryer too! Great location...very near the underground. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel in London	Located in quiet Kensington neighborhood. Just steps from the Underground station. Very convenient. Small, comfortable hotel. Only 38 rooms. Rooms nicely appointed with full bathroom including bath tub, vanity with storage, bathrobes, slippers. Staff were very responsive. Reasonably priced. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fab location close to tube very helpful concierge ...for London great value	This was a fantastic base in London, very close to good tube, museums and nice restaurants. Also very quiet, and some fab staff ... they were very helpful with directions and guidance on the tube. Free glass of champagne a nice touch and breakfast good in general too. Only downers ... room stiflingly hot, one day breakfast was chaotic - no food, tables all dirty and toaster swtiched off.	
Oct 13 2009 	We loved this hotel	This hotel has a great location. Just a few minutes from the nearest tube stop. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was comfortable, clean and a fairly good size. Wonderful breakfast included each morning. Great way to start the day. We would stay there the next time we visit. Loved it!!!!	
Oct 12 2009 	Very nice hotel good location	We went to London just for a weekend so we were looking for a hotel not far from the Centre not to spend too much time in the Underground. At the same time we wanted to stay in an &quot;English style&quot; hotel, i.e not in a typical modern hotel you can find anywhere in the world. We picked Ashburn based on the reviews we found in Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed at all. What we liked most was: a) nice service, b) good location, c) very nice bathroom with bathrobes available for guests. The only improvement I can think of is the carpets in the rooms and corridors which are a little bit oldish. Definitely next time I go to London I will stay in the Ashburn hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice room great location would stay again!	We felt the location was outstanding. A five minute walk to Gloucester Rd, tube station (on the Circle Line, District and Picadilly lines). If you want to buy groceries, there is a nice store in route to the tube station. This shopping area includes many different stores including some places to eat. Across Cromwell Road, directly opposite the Ashburn, is a good Italian Restaurant. It is a short tube ride to Kensington Palace/Gardens.The room (not huge, but adequate) and bath were very nice with everything we needed including coffee/tea maker and supplies, slippers and robes, new LCD T.V. and bottled water each day. Our price included a continental breakfast: large variety of cereals, bread and pastries, cheeses, cold meats, fresh fruit, fruit juices, coffee and tea. We were generally in the breakfast room at opening time (7:00am). You could also order from a menu for a larger breakfast. The staff was helpful, even loaning us a converter when ours didn't work. We did not see a &quot;business center&quot; per se, but were able to use the office computer &amp; printer to print our airline boarding passes. They were pleased to help us with that. Our room did not face Cromwell Rd. and noise was not an issue. The lounge and bar area of the hotel looked very nice, but we never had time to enjoy it. We would definitely stay at the Ashburn again.	
Oct 7 2009 	At last a decent hotel in London	After having stayed in many accommodation establishments, I decided to pay just a little bit more and I was certainly not disappointed. The rooms were not large (as is typical in London) but they were clean and very comfortably furnished. The hotel is within a short two blocks of Gloucester Rd. Tube Station and there are many fine eateries just a stroll away. Staff were helpful and the continental breakfast, served in the below street level dining room provided a good selection. Would highly recommend and will definitely stay again.	
Sep 17 2009 	One outstanding hotel choice in London	My wife and I, along with her sister and husband, stayed at the Ashburn for 4 nights beginning Sept. 6th. In short, it is an excellent hotel. Our twin room was nicely sized(twin beds pushed together affords a king size but each with separate bedding, which is a plus) with a very useful wardrobe, great flat-screen TV and the robes and slippers were a welcome touch. The bath was also excellent with a large stall shower (unless you just have to have a soak, go for the shower stall as the tubs are very cumbersome to deal with - the &quot;06&quot; rooms have stall showers) and very adequate vanity space. The Kensington location is, in my opinion, ideal. Very lovely indeed (my wife bumped into Yoko Ono on the street), convenient to the Gloucester Road station and Hyde Park (just beautiful). The breakfast offering was very good I thought, although the room, while nicely outfitted, was somewhat cramped. If you take time to engage them, the staff are terrific. &quot;Syle&quot;, the concierge (although I preferred &quot;Sly&quot;), &quot;Miklos&quot;, the bar/lounge attendant and &quot;Anita&quot;, the receptionist were as helpful and nice as they could be. We did find two of the local restaurants, &quot;Green Door&quot; (English) and &quot;Ask&quot; (Italian) to be undistinguished. However, &quot;Il Borgo&quot; (Italian Cafe) on Gloucester Road was sufficiently good that we went back a second time. All in all, the Ashburn is an outstanding choice for a stay in London and I would recommend it unhesitatingly.	
Sep 14 2009	Charming room good location accomodating staff	Decided on Ashburn Hotel after a confusing and exhaustive search on Trip Advisor. Lovely small hotel, neighborhood feel. The concierge, Stephen, was extremely helpful in getting our train tickets to York before we had arrived. Friendly, helpful, and loved the complimentary champagne in the evening. Would definitely recommend to others.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great hotel	This is a lovely hotel, I picked after reading the good reviews on Tripadvisor. A regular traveller to London I usually choose this area for ease of travelling from/to Heathrow and getting into the center of London with ease. Upon arrival I was greeted by a very friendly and helpful receptionist, I arrived at around 1.15pm, check-in is usually from 2pm, but she was very helpful and just had to check the room was ready. It was, and I was checked in very easily. My room had been upgraded, it was very comfortable, airconditioned, quiet and clean. The only thing I was disappointed with was the breakfast staff, it took them quite a while to offer me tea/coffee and I asked twice for brown sugar with no luck and I eventually had to hunt the other tables for it, and you have to make my own toast, had to wait on the toaster heating up, then someone else took my toast. But that was the only negative thing about my stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	The Ashburn was the epitome of a London boutique hotel; set in the lovely borough of S. Kensington.	While planning our first visit to London, I searched for a boutique hotel with the character of the surrounding Kensington borough. I also wanted a romantic, quiet place for us to relax and re-connect after a two-month separation due to his work overseas. Our room was perfectly adorned, from the scrumptious bed linens, to the wonderful spa-like bath. The room was smaller than those found at international chains, but not at all cramped. We chose the full English breakfast served each day in the sunny dinig room; especially enjoyed the French-press coffee and the lovely assortment of breads. Steven, our concierge, was most helpful in booking our tour of Buckingham Palace and the Cabinet War rooms. The complimentary champagne each evening was a nice touch, as well. All the staff was courteous and efficient.We strolled daily from the Gloucester Tube station, through the Waitrose Market for snacks and bottled water, as well as several wonderful restaurants, including Pierino's Pasta and Pizza a few blocks away. I would definitely book the Ashburn for a future London adventure.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great Location central for exploring	Good location with Gloucester Tube station within walking distance, the hotel staff were very friendly &amp; the Concierge is a mindful of information. The rooms were compact but very clean. The room service was excellent and very competitively priced. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and hope to return soon!	
Sep 2 2009 	Lovely quiet hotel.	I would have given 5/5 for the room if we had the room we were eventually moved to at the start of our stay. Unfortunately the air-con didn't work in our initial room so a portable machine with a hose was in use. This meant having the window open which is not only noisy but a bit worrying as we were in the basement! I think the number of the room is 702 so be warned! However we later discovered that the window was locked at a certain height, for security I assume, which meant that we couldn't open it any further even if we had wanted to! I found it very difficult to sleep the first night because of the noise from the traffic and the air-con. However after politely pointing out the problem we were moved to a room on the third floor and this room was lovely. The rooms are absolutely spotless and very comfortable. The staff are very helpful and friendly.The breakfast was very pleasant and the breakfast very good. We had our complimentary glass of champagne in the evening which was a nice thought. We were able to park in the Holiday Inn across the literally across (a not very busy) road. I would NOT recommend the italian restaurant across the road which was very expensive for what you get and the service was very poor. The restaurant in the Baileys Hotel (across the road) was providing a very good 3 couse meal for about £17.00 which was very good value with great service.I would certainly stay at the Ashburn again, but not that room in the basement with the dodgy air-con!	
Aug 29 2009 	A little gem on the Cromwell Road	My wife surprised me, on my birthday, with a stay in the Ashburn, after a concert at the Albert Hall. And what a pleasant stay it was too. The room was spotless, the bed comfortable and the facilities excellent. The staff went the extra distance to make our stay as comfortable as possible. For instance, they gave us our champagne an hour earlier than scheduled, as we were going out to eat. The breakfast was excellent and the service faultless. Even though our room was at the front of the hotel, on the Cromwell Road, we couldn't hear the traffic, as the double glazing was very efficient.All in all a perfect stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great little hotel in a great location	My wife and I stayed at the Ashburn with another couple from August 15 to August 20, 2009. We were extremely pleased with all aspects of the Ashburn. Like most European hotels, the bedrooms were smaller, but our bathroom was very nice and larger than expected. We were provided a complimentary gift and bottled water daily. The rooms were clean and well-kept.It is just a short walk from the hotel to the Gloucester Road tube stop and a block or two from Hyde Park--an all-around excellent location. Although located just off of Cromwell Road, the hotel did not present any problems as to stree noise. The front desk was very helpful in getting dinner reservations and giving directions as well.Without reservation, I can say that we would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2009 	A great find	At last we have found a hotel in London to stay that is not a chain, is reasonable in cost and comfortable. The hotel is not far from Gloucester Road station and is very convenient for the museums, shopping etc with lots of restaurants nearby. We found the staff helpful and friendly, included breakfast sufficient (choice of cooked if wanted at not huge extra cost), room clean and a reasonable size, with nice toiletries, bath robes, comfy bed and flat screen TV on wall. We shall certainly go back when next staying in London.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good choice for Sightseeing	We spent just one night here and would recommend it as a good base if you're exploring London. The hotel is very well placed for travelling to the major sights and is a short walk from Gloucester Road tube. Our room was on the second floor and although very comfortable, clean and well presented, didn't have air-conditioning which worked, as another reviewer found, who incidentally was on the same floor! Although there was a fan, it only had a maximum of 120 minutes on the timer &amp; as the room looked on the main road, having the window open wasn't an option. Breakfast was more than adequate and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We'd certainly choose it again - we had an internet deal of £149 and think this was a fair price. Worth looking to see if you can get this directly through the hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Not quite a London 4 Stars	The location of the hotel is perfect, very close to the underground and best shopping areas.The appearance of the building is nice and the indoor public areapleasant except for the basement breakfast room, very small and whose chairs cotton covers are stained.The staff welcoming us for our 3 nights stay was not warm nor very professional: only one of the gentleman working in the breakfast room every morning was polite and dedicated to guests. The front desk staff was bearly greeting people in the morning, did not ask how was our stay when checking out.The room was spacious, nicely decorated, linen and bedding comfortable.AC was working fine. But the bathroom had a major drawback: although featuring a window, this latest was opening on a staircase and on the street, so very little privacy to be expected.Plus, there was not really space to put your bath accessories and make ip vanity and product if you are a couple.Courtesy items every day in the room were a great plusThe internet access on TV which is another reason for which we booked this hotel did not work.Be aware that this hotel has 3 room just behind the front desk at ground level and 3 rooms in the basement, perhaps might have they try to fulfill my request for a room on upper floor, might I have been more positive about my experience at the Ashburn	
Aug 11 2009 	Disappointment!	We booked this hotel as it had so many positive reviews on trip advisor and it seemed an ideal location for our planned visit to the V and A and Harrods. The rooms were lovely and the little extras such as a bath fizz and a free newspaper were great. The service was dire with the exception of the lady who checked us out. The man who we booked in with looked bored out of his mind and vaguely waved us in the direction of our room. No attempt to help us with our heavy cases or tell us about the hotel or breakfast times etc. He didn't even look up from the desk when we came in after being for a walk later that evening. Breakfast service was poor too. We had paid for the buffet but there were menus for english breakfast too which we were prepared to pay for nobody was really about or showing any interest in what we might wish to order so we just didn't bother. We had to ask for milk for the tea, there was no cutlery at one of the places. It was just poor and disappointing.We certainly won't rush back especially as they charged us a 50pound deposit on arriving as a guarantee and won't refund it until 5 days later! That's a nonsense!	
Aug 1 2009 	Cosy little London gem of a home away from home	Spent around 10 days in total at different intervals at the Ashburn and just loved it! Our rooms (we stayed in 3 different ones) were all lovely and comfortable with pretty decor, comfortable beds, fluffy down duvets and crisp white linen. There were lots of other little thoughtful touches like the morning newspaper delivered outside the door daily, soft slippers just right for tired feet, snuggly robes, spa style toiletries, bottled water, coffee/tea making facilities, room safe, and daily turndowm spa-style gifts.The staff are delightful, service was courteous and friendly at all times A simple but sufficient continental breakfast was included in the price in the downstairs breakfast room which was pretty and welcoming. The only improvement suggestion I would make is for the continental meun to be vaired a little. Location was brilliant, Zone 1 with the Gloucester Road tube just a short walk away - and there was a good variety of restaurants, pubs and food stores (including the famous Bombay Brasserie) in the immediate vicinity - we ate out every night. Perhpas the only word of caution is the air conditioning issue - which is still unresolved and was not in proper working order in any of our 3 rooms for the full duration of our stay. This could spell disaster during warm (or cold weather) as the rooms heat up rapidly. In our instance the airconditioner was set at too low a temperature and we were unable to adjust it - resulting in chilly conditions particularly at night. Be that as it may - we will most definitley return to this little gem in South Kensington.	
Jul 22 2009 	What a little gem of a hotel	I stayed at the Ashburn for two nights recently as a special treat for my husband's 40th birthday. I decided to book after reading the good reviews on here and so I had quite high expectations. I am very happy to say that I was not disappointed, our room was absolutely gorgeous I had booked a King Deluxe and that would describe the room very well. We had a lovely seating area with its own flat screen TV and there was another TV opposite the large and extremely comfortable bed. The bathroom was very well appointed and the shower worked very well once we had figured out what leavers did what!I also liked the little added extras like the bathrobes, slippers, bottled water in the fridge and the lovely little 'turn down' gifts a different one each night.The staff were exemplarary nothing was too much trouble for them and the concierge was very knowledge about restuarants, sights to see etc.I would also recommend the Black and Blue Steakhouse, not far from the hotel where we had a delicious meal on my husband's birthday at a very reasonable cost.The hotel is also extremely accessible being only a few minutes walk from Gloucester Road Tube station. The continental breakfast was very substantial and we also sampled the 'English' breakfast as at very reasonable extra cost which was also very nice.If/when I return to stay in London, after discovering this little gem I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.	
Jul 18 2009 	Outstanding despite one issue	My choice of this hotel was based solely on feedback from tripadvisor and the value. We had one issue which I will address, however compared to all of the positives I would not hesitate to stay here again. We arrived early as all USA flights do so we stored the baggage and hit the streets. When we checked in we were upgraded to a room with a king and large baywindow, this was much larger room than some in photos. We had an issue with the air conditioner, but thank goodness the heat wave that had hit London the week before was gone, as we did not air for the week. The control is a digital unit on wall and it would not come on as per instructions. We told office person about this and she indicated that their maintenance was addressing this issue with some rooms and it would be sorted out. That night upon returning to hotel, we were told that it had been fixed, however when we got to room, digital control would still not come on. We checked with staff again and they could not explain as they were led to believe the problem had been sorted out, at least this is what they were telling us. Finally the second day the concierge came to the room and indicated that our room was no longer connected to main system, in other words the instructions that are on the desk for operating the system are useless, he took these instructions and threw them away. Instead he showed us a breaker on the wall that controls what is essentially a blower mounted in the closet and when you cut this on it blows air out of the vent, but there is not temperature control. He said that room 201 was unique to the hotel and not part of the system. Essentially it blew out hot air and as he indicated there is not control of the temperature, I wondered how this would be tolerated if say it were in the winter. I am not sure what the straight answer is but it was a little annoying. We managed to be comfortable by leaving our windows open during the day while out and this cooled the room enough so as to keep them closed at night. Daytime temperatures were in high sixties, if hot weather were present we would have had to move rooms, they did offer a portable unit that could go in room and then required leaving windows open, this was unacceptable as street noise was very load constantly. Other than this issue, our stay was outstanding, as earlier people indicated the staff here particularly the concierges are outstanding. They know all restaurants etc. in the area well. By the way there are many, many restaurants within say a 1/2 mile of this hotel, every cuisine imaginable from all corners of the world, no other reviews make this clear.Breakfast included, very good continental and yes it is the same each day, but more than adequate. Free wireless internet service. Gloucester Tube Station two blocks away and all of London is available quickly and in most cases without changes being made.	
Jul 18 2009 	A great way to have a great stay!	This is a great hotel all round. My husband and I arrived in London after a long 24 hr flight from Australia. This hotel has an amazing location...only metres away from the Gloucester Road tube station that is accessed by three tube lines including one directly from Heathrow. This made travelling around London very easy for two novice UK travellers. It is close to many eateries, a laundramat and there is an internet cafe just across the street. It is also within walking distance to local attractions such as Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Place, Harrods and the V and A Museum.Our room was ready for us early so we really appreciated the early check in after such a long flight. It was beautifully decorated and very clean (as was the whole hotel) , perhaps a little small, but I was not expecting a larger space in a London hotel.The staff were brilliant- and the concierges were very helpful and knowledgeable about how to get around London. A good continental breakfast was included with the room, and a hot breakfast menu was available for an extra charge.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and would love to return some day.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Stay Awesome Location Would Stay Here Again in Heartbeat	The Ashburn kicked off our European honeymoon adventure, and we could not have been more satisfied with our hotel choice. With so many options, it was hard to narrow it down but we could not have been more happy with our choice to stay here.The room was nice, very clean, very comfortable bed, LCD tv, fridge, nice shower, and the lounge downstairs was cool (not that we spent much time in the lounge). The free breakfast was fine, not great but not terrible (who really stays at a hotel because of the breakfast?). Cereal, toast, small muffins, meats, cheese, coffee, juice. It saved us from spending money on breakfast every day.The location is outstanding, as others have mentioned, because the gloucester tube station is about a block and a half away. We also really like the neighborhood in which this hotel is located (its cute, my wife said). It feels a bit upscale. A grocery store is also a block away, and so is a Starbucks. In addition, its about 1-mile away from Hyde park so you can get in a nice run in the morning. After spending all day walking around London, it was great to come back to our hotel and sleep in our comfortable room. We were traveling for 15 days and I still think some of the best sleep we had was in the Ashburn (we slept in until 11am one day). The staff was friendly and helpful whenever we needed assistance but they also left us alone for the most part which was nice too.	
Jul 7 2009 	100% perfect for our needs - Excellent Hotel	We ( my wife and I) Stayed in the Ashburn for 2 nights June 30th / July 1st 2009. We loved the location, 200 metres from Gloucester Road tube station, where you can also get the Big Bus tour Blue line.The hotel is perfect, lovely bar and lounge area. Well air conditioned for the London heat wave! Our room was a good size and very well appointed. Overall this is the perfect location for a trip to London – Highly recommended	
Jun 30 2009	Perfect Hotel	I don't call many things perfect but this hotel definitely was. My sister and I stayed at the Ashburn for 8 nights in June. I think we had one of the smallest rooms in the hotel but it was comfortable and nicely decorated. We had a queen size bed that was very comfortable as was the duvet on the bed. I loved the big bay windows that over looked the street. The hotel staff was wonderful, one of the best things about the hotel. Every question was answered and there staff were very welcoming after a long day of site seeing. The location could not be better, about a 3 minute walk from the tube station to the hotel. Every day housekeeping would leave a small gift in the room for you which is a nice touch. We looked forward to seeing what we they left every day. The mini fridge was a huge plus for me. We bought juice and water from the grocery store (there is a Waitrose, Tesco, and Sainsbury all within walking distance) and left it in the fridge. There are so many small details like this that make The Ashburn stand out from the rest.If I had to say something negative about the hotel I would say that at night you can sometimes here the underground but not enough to wake you up. I could only hear it if I was already up. Also I got really sick of the breakfast after about four days. I can only eat bread and cheese for so long, but this is being really picky. I would absolutely stay here again and recommend it to everyone I know.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great hotel with an even better Staff	We stayed at this hotel for four nights. The hotel is in a great location, very close to the underground. Get out at Gloucester and you make a left and you are 1 block away. When we arrived early, we figured we would just have to drop off our bags, but to our surprise a room was ready for us. To make it even better we were upgraded to a superior room. Mind you it was on the bottom floor, but was nice none the less. Did we hear the faint sound of the underground, I guess, but it was barely noticeable and I am a light sleeper and it never woke me up nor kept me up. We also thought being on the same floor as the breakfast room we would get woke up, but again, not an issue at all. The room itself was nice. It wasn't the most fancy room we ever stayed at. But what separates this hotel from the big chains was the staff. Everyone there was beyond helpful. I can honestly say in all my years my wife and I have never been happier staying at a place and sad to leave it. When you asked a question they not only answered it but went into detail and made sure you really understood the answer. Syle who is the concierge, was beyond helpful. He booked our tours so we didn't have to wait in line, told us what stops to get off at on the underground (which was beyond easy to navigate) and gave suggestions for the area we would be in. From the front desk person to the girl serving coffee in the breakfast room everyone was beyond nice. I can say without hesitation that if/when we go back to London, I will not even look for another hotel. For a hotel in Europe the room was very big. The bed was comfortable and we had a ton of room the bathroom as well. The little gifts they give you each night are just another added touch that makes this hotel great. Our room was L shaped and had a sitting area with a couch and tv, and an area with a bed and another tv. We had two big suitcases and there was easily enough room to have them out and walk around.The breakfast was fine. We had cereal, fruits, cheese, toast, danishes, croissants, and even lunch meats (weird to me). If you wanted to buy food from the hotel, it was very cheap as well. Again I can not recommend this hotel enough. If you are looking for an ultra fancy, shabby sheik hotel, this won't be for you. If you are looking for a very nice hotel, with a great staff and the best bang for your buck, this is your hotel. The hotel made our trip to London extremely enjoyable and we were very glad we booked it.	
Jun 11 2009 	definitely not on our 'hot' list	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on 27 May. Starting with the plus points: this is a tastefully decorated hotel and the rooms are nicely appointed with largs LCD TV's. Also, the hotel is close to the Royal Albert Hall where we took in a show.However, on arrival in our room, we noticed that the air conditioning had the room at around 76 degrees - we attempted to remedy this as the room was stiflingly hot but the control panel would not work - we reported this to a rather condescending gentleman on reception - he said 'move the controls' - we had, repeatedly! We went for a walk and on arrival back at the room, the heat was now 78 degrees plus! We then reported this again at reception before leaving for our evening show. Guess what? When we got back to the hotel at around 11pm the room was still overbearingly hot so we reported this AGAIN... an embarrassed duty manager came to the room and said that the control (or a part?)was broken and he could only offer us a fan!! We were told on checking out the next day that he should have offered us another room - he didn't!We had a terrible night, maybe getting 3 hours sleep because of the heat - the next morning it was as clear as mud where you went for breakfast. On finding the SMALL room set aside for this, we were astounded that people were queing for seats and my wife was parked near a hot toaster. It was also incredibly hard to get a full English breakfast - they seemed to be wholly geared up just to continental.On leaving we expressed our concerns to the lady on reception who gave us some mints (OOH LA LA!) and said write to the manager. This we did and have received no reply. Is this any way to treat guests who are paying a lof of money for a stay at this hotel - I THINK NOT!	
Jun 7 2009 	at least 3-stars with staff worthy of any 5-star hotel	Spent a couple of days here for business, been here before. The location is very convenient, close to the Gloucester Road Tube station, rooms are tidy and very comfortable, a good breakfast and free WiFi included. Every encounter with staff of the hotel, reception / concierge / cleaning etc. was extremely pleasant, they would be gems in every 5-star property. I had a last-minute meeting cancellation and 7 hours to kill before my late-evening flight. Although I had already checked out in the morning and only came back to retrieve my luggage, I was able to spend a few hours in the very comfortable sitting room, with food/drinks, free internet and an occasional nice chat with the concierge. I got more work done in a quiet and comfy environment then I would have otherwise, just fabulous! Look forward to coming back, it feels like a home away form home, the staff could not be any nicer...	
Jun 2 2009 	Great time at the Ashburn!!!!	We stayed at the Ashburn for 4 nights in a deluxe king room. We arrived at the hotel around 1000am after 14 hours of travel and our room was not ready yet, nor did we expect it to be. It was ready around 200pm.The room was very nice, we recommend a higher floor room as it higher up from the street, we stayed on the top floor and had no problems with sound at all. Big king size bed, firm mattress, LCD tv on the wall. Our room was quite large for Euro standards, so that was nice. Room even had A/C as well.The bathroom was also large, good water pressure, plenty of hot water. There was a coffee/tea maker with an assortment of teas, hot chocolate and coffee, we also got a newspaper each morning.Included in our rate was breakfast, which was a decent continental breakfast downstairs. There were meats, cheeses, pastries, breads, juices, cereal, fruit, yogurt, coffee, etc. The menu never changes, but in all fairness it filled us up and we are not that picky. You can purchase hot food down there as well.Location was pretty nice, about a 2 min walk from the Gloucester tube, which you can pretty much get anywhere in London from. The area is safe, a few restaurants, bars etc around the area as well. Free wireless access as well!!!Overall, we enjoyed our stay, thought this was a good hotel and would stay there again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Fantastic Location for the Royal Albert Hall	I decided to surprise my husband by booking a hotel room. We went to the Royal Albert hall for a concert and then walked home to this fantastic hotel. The hotel room was clean, the mattress was nice and hard, the shower was amazing, the champagne in the room was a good value, and breakfast was good! Over all we were really impressed. Two small issues. One was that the room was on the -1 level, meaning the basement. This might not bother some people, but we didnt love that. Also the aircon was broken. The very nice desk clerk came down to have a look at it, but he couldnt fix it either. He offered us a fan because the hotel was fully booked and another room couldnt be sourced. This cooled the room down a bit but it was still warm. We didnt want to open the window in the room because we were below street level and we didnt want people looking in, let alone coming in. Even with these issues we would still stay in this hotel again, we would just request a room on an upper level.	
May 23 2009 	Very enjoyable stay.	This was our first time staying here and we were very happy with the hotel. We used to work in London for about 4 months of the year, for many years, so we have stayed in a lot of hotels. The staff was EXCELLENT and the rooms, albeit a little smaller than some comparable boutique hotels in the area, were spotless. The bathroom was also immaculate. A note: The tub could be tricky to get in and out of for anyone with mobility or balance problems. WIFI is a necessity for us, and the service here was reliable, fast and included in the price. We will plan to stay there again on our next trip. We only had the breakfast a few mornings but the little dining room is very pleasant and the buffet has a good selection. I only have one criticism - they offer a free glass of champagne each evening in the lounge, which we took advantage of for 3 nights of our stay. One night we had 2 friends meet us at the hotel before dinner. We ordered them a glass of (chargeable) champagne as well. Each glass was NINE pounds. For us, that is about 15 American dollars a glass. That seems excessive for one glass of champagne and left a rather sour taste in our mouth. I did later look at a menu, and it DID indicate that was the price, so if i had looked i would have seen it. But if you have someone visit you at the hotel, there are not too many other options, it is not as if there is a cheaper one to select and several other drink options a friend asked about were not available for one reason or another. Not a huge problem i know, but i still think OUCH for 30 dollars for 2 medium glasses of bubbly, EVEN for London!	
May 22 2009	Perfect for a short stay in London	I took my mother to London for 3 days to go to the Chelsea Flower show. Staying at this lovely hotel made a great trip even better. The staff were lovely and very helpful, they couldn't do enough for us. The room couldn't be faulted and was cleaned to a very high standard daily. The breakfast was a continental buffet but an English breakfast could be purchased at an additional cost, however we didn't feel the need as the buffet was more than adequate. The whole hotel had a lovely, almost boutique feel. It's location is ideal as it is 1-2 minutes from Gloucester Rd tube station which makes everything so easy to access as the picadilly line runs through here with covent garden, knightsbridge and leicester square all on the one line.Would highly recommend this hotel!!	
May 21 2009 	Perfect place to relax after a long day in the city	Arrived at the hotel mid afternoon and met by friendly receptionist. The Hotel is cosy and welcoming , beautifully decorated and furnished with period furnishings , delightful room with plenty of space for two people , large wardrobe space and double shower cubicle . Breakfast was very comprehensive and well prepared and i couldnt recommend this hotel enough	
May 17 2009 	Location is Key	Great Location,. Easy to Find, Booked a Smoking Room - in A No Smoking Hotel... Would definitely stay here again.	
May 7 2009	The reviews don't lie Ashburn Hotel is a gem of a place.	My mom and I stayed at the Ashburn Hotel April 25-30th. Although most of our time was spent outside of the hotel, it was a welcome refuge after long days sightseeing. We arrived a couple of hours early, and were allowed to check in as our room was ready. The room was comfortable in size for two women with large suitcases. The decor was elegant and everything looked so clean. The large windows kept the room bright. The bathroom was immaculate and maintained well. Having free internet in our room was such an extravagance. All hotels I have ever stayed at before, always charged for this ammenity. This allowed me to keep in touch with family and friends back home. Why don't all hotels make this free?Breakfast was included in our stay and was good. Fresh fruit, varied meats, and cheeses, and breads. Convenient to have it ready for us at the hotel, as opposed to hotels that don't offer breakfast or charge extra for it.One of the best features of the hotel was its location, one block from Gloucester Road. From there, London is at your disposal. Oyster Card was the best value as it allows for unlimited travel between Zones 1 and 2. This area is where most London sights are located.Most of our interactions regarding staff were with Stephen, the concierge. He was extremely helpful with straight forward advice. (better to hire a car for the ride back to the airport rather then the underground/express. cheaper and more convenient) He directed us to a local church and mapped it our for us, he got us tickets to a play for the same night at a discounted rate, and made arrangements for a car to he airport on our last day. Stephen was very helpful and put our mind at ease.Overall my first trip to London definitely made better with my stay at Ashburn Hotel. Definitely will stay there again. As opposed to larger chain hotels in the Kennsington area (ie. Holiday Inn) , Ashburn Hotel gave our trip that extra something that made us feel like we were in London and not in any other Holiday Inn anywhere in the world.	
May 5 2009 	Great Hotel All Around	We stayed here for 5 nights in late April and could not have been more pleased.The hotel itself was excellent. We had booked an upgraded room due to the length of our stay, and the room was as advertised. It had a small sitting area with a separate television and a nice sized closet that gave us the extra space we desired. The free Wifi and television internet made it easy to plan our activities for the day.The staff was also extremely helpful in recommending restaurants and answering any questions we had.The breakfast was very nice and the charge for the additional prepared items was more than reasonable, as was the room service charges.The location was also great, within 5 minutes walk of the the Gloucester Road tube station.Overall, we will definitely stay at the Ashburn again.	
Apr 28 2009 	Lovely Hotel Superb Location!	We stayed at The Ashburn Hotel in early April. We had done a lot of research and because of the great reviews on Trip Advisor, we booked two nights there. Steve, the concierge, prearranged a driver to pick us up at Heathrow airport. He was there waiting for us when we arrived. We arrived at the hotel and I had some trouble setting up my global phone line so they let me make the long distance call to the states from the front desk. Steve was very helpful and offered suggestions on a great Indian restaurant in the neighborhood for dinner that night. The location is a block away from the Gloucester tube line. We also picked up the hop on/hop off Double Deck &quot;Big Bus&quot; tour at the stop as well. (This is a great thing to do on your first day because it is a 24 hour ticket with hop on/off privileges and you get a really good lay of the land. Free walking tours and river cruise are also included in the bus ticket) Once you learn how to navigate the underground, getting around the city is a breeze. We purchased a Visitor's &quot;Oyster&quot; card ahead of time, which was great because it allows visitors to max out each day at a certain cost so after 2-3 rides, your travels are free with the card for the rest of that day. The hotel room was very clean, the linens were delightful and the free gifts (bath salts, beads) left in the room every night were a treat. They upgraded our room so we had a nice bright room with a lovely side street view. We did not partake in the free breakfast since we were up and about really early every morning. We thought it would be fun to experience another part of London so we had booked another hotel for our last 2 nights near Westminster Abbey. What a mistake, that hotel was no where near the quality of The Ashburn. It was about $100 cheaper per night but not worth the extra savings at all. I would highly recommend this hotel for it's excellent location, great service and clean and efficient rooms. I look forward to staying there again when I can get back to London.	
Apr 28 2009 	Quaint and Clean.	This was a small hotel, pictures by guests are true to likeness. Rooms are clean and hotel staff are very friendly. Located just short walk from the tube. there is a great steak house near by, called The Steakhouse! - and some chain eateries - ok - to eat at if your in a pinch and want a short walk. You can pick up the hop on hop off bus tour just in front of the train station, again in walking distance. you can take public transit to Marble Arches, Oxford street and Buckingham Palace etc. THe hotel has a small lounge, fitting furniture and offer a free glass of champagne each night. Pizza and beer until around 9 i think - but no restaraunt on the premises, there is a lovely breakfast in the a.m.i would stay here again.	
Apr 27 2009 	Cosy hotel in great location	The rooms are a bit small but otherwise excellent. There is some traffic and underground railway noise but it is not significant. The Ashburn is well deserving of it's 4 stars. The service was very good as was the continental breakfast (cooked breakfast is available for an extra cost). Room Service - The Pizza with beer special was excellent value. The location is very convenient being a few minutes walk to Gloucester Road station where there is a choice of 3 underground lines. Also there are many restaurants within walking distance.If you want to see a show or visit places such as Madam Tussards, see the Concierge who is able to get discounts to many locations.Overall highly recommended.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great staff- very helpful	The hotel had comfortable beds, a good breakfast * a convenient location. The best feature however was the staff, they were very nice &amp; helpful in every way.	
Apr 17 2009 	Elegent comfort in convenient location	We stayed at the Ashburn for 3 nights in late March. It was our delayed honeymoon (delayed by 6 years, it's about time!). We were very happy with our stay overall. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 10:30am, but we were much earlier than anticipated. Tube from Victoria to Gloucester, then walking to the Ashburn, took only a few minutes. The concierge stored our luggage while we went out for a day of sightseeing. We returned around 4pm and checked in seamlessly. We were upgraded from a King Standard to a King Deluxe. Our room was just lovely. Nice neutral colors, free/easy internet access on both televisions, very nice toiletries (Gilchrist &amp; Soames), heated marble floor in the bathroom. The bed was very comfortable with a nice duvet and soft pillows. We were in room 207, on the corner with huge windows looking out onto Cromwell Road. The sitting area with loveseat and desk was really nice. Our friend who lives in London visited us in the hotel and was astounded at the size of the room. She said it was very unusual to have such a large room in a London Hotel. Plenty of nearby restaurants to choose from; we ate at the Italian restaurant across the street, which was okay but pricey; and Black and Blue, which was very nice. Tesco Express, Waitrose, and Boots were very nearby. We purchased 5 pound phone card from across the street so we could call home and check on our kids each night. The breakfast was very nice, with French Press coffee to start with, or a pot of tea. Cold cuts, several varieties of cheese, fresh fruit, cereal, bread, milk, yogurt, toast, and juice were available as part of the complimentary breakfast, with hot items available for very reasonable prices. The last morning we ordered one breakfast platter, and it was added to our hotel bill. We did not have problems finding seats like some previous reviewers have posted.We walked from Harrods to the hotel twice, which was about a 15-20 minute walk, and the V&amp;A museum, and the Natural History museum were very convenient, though we didn't have time to go to those. There were just a couple of items that were unpleasant: the telephones in our room were terrible, very static-y. The hallways had the smell of cigarette smoke, though it did not drift into our room. We had a roach in our bathroom for 2 days. Stepping out of the tub required much maneuvering, as the tub is elevated, and without my glasses I nearly fell, so be careful. One morning, when we needed help from the concierge and he wasn't available, the gentleman that was called to help us was rather rude to the girl at the desk when she asked him to help us. He said he was very busy at the moment, that she would have to wait, but she pointed out to him that we were waiting and he reluctantly came out to help us. It made us feel uncomfortable.Those few things though were so insignificant that we will definitely book here again on our next trip. My husband was thoroughly impressed, and as a former travel agent, I am thrilled with the hotel. The last place I stayed in London was, to say it as kindly as possible, like staying in a dirty shack next to train tracks for not too much less than we paid for this place. This place was nothing like that one, it was just perfect.	
Apr 13 2009 	Class comfort and convenient. A great place to stay.	Just returned from a pleasant 6 day stay at the Ashburn and we couldn't have been more happier with the choice we made to stay here. From the time we arrived to the time we left we were always greeted with a smile and a welcoming &quot;hello&quot; and &quot;how was your day?&quot; at the end of our sightseeing day. Greetings not often heard from from most hotels. Our room was very clean, tastefully decorated in a beige scheme which was inviting at the end of a long day sightseeing. Our bed was very comfortable which provided a restful sleep throughout the night. The bath only had a shower which really wasn't an issue for us and was up to date and spotlessly cleaned each day. A powerful hair dryer was provided as well as a safe, free wifi, and a coffee maker. Their complimentary breakfast got us off and going each morning. It included a variety of cold cereals, breads and jams, meats and cheeses, juices, coffee and tea, but you could order eggs in a variety of ways. Each evening a daily complimentary bath gratuity was left in the room to take home. Anytime we needed help the front desk or the concierge were always ready with their recommendations and guidance. The Ashburn is located within Kensington with the Gloucester underground only a block away. The surrounding neighborhood is inviting with many restaurants within a block or two away. Two recommended restaurants near the underground are The Green Door and Olives(our favorite). A meal at Olives with a bottle of wine, dessert, appetizers and of course your main meal cost about 80 pds. service included.Would I go again when I return and recommend the Ashburn to others? Absolutely. Staying at the Ashburn topped off our days and was the icing on the cake, so to speak, at the end of each day and to our vacation.	
Apr 7 2009 	Very nice stay would stay again.	What a great little hotel. I stayed this March for three nights, and would stay again. Breakfast is included, all kinds of bread, some meat, yorgurt, fruit, toast, etc... Could pay a bit more for a cooked breakfast but can fill up with what is included. Don't stay here if you want to stay out late, as the underground stops running around 1amish?? But a tube stop is 3 min walk and to get around London and back takes no time at all. Would stay again, clean hotel, very nice staff, and helpful concerge.	
Mar 26 2009 	Excellent stay in London	We have just returned from our trip to London in a 5 day stay at the Ashburn, that is spectacular.The hotel: Is relatively new with excellent décor.The room: Very comfortable king size bed, LCD TV, good size &amp; excellent bathroomsAmenities: basic but delicius breakfast and your evening glass of champagne after a long day walking … is priceless, also has free internet.Staff: One of the best thigs in the hotel is the people working on it, thanks Syle, you were an excellent host always friendly and suggesting place to visit, restaurants, etc ... Location: Terrific, Gloucester station is 1 minute walking, nice pubs, restaurants and groceries stores next to the hotelWithout a doubt we will book this hotel next time and recommend it 100%.	
Mar 24 2009 	Charming Hotel at the right price	I had the pleasure of staying in this absolutely charming hotel on my recent 5 night stay in London. It was an enormous pleasure to come back to every night after a busy day sight seeing. The breakfast provided in the morning was a perfect start to the day and provided a wonderful assortment of cereals, croissants, yogurt, cut up fruit salad, several juices, tea &amp; coffee. You could also order off the menu which was very reasonable. We ordered room service one night and it was delicous and very reasonable.The staff are very pleasant and helpful. The rooms are super comfortable, clean, beautifully decorated. We also enjoyed the free bottles of water left in our refrigerator and the tea and coffee we could enjoy in our room. The location was perfect. Just down the block from the tube station and a short walk to Natural History Museum, Museum of Victoria and Albert, Hyde Park, Kensington Palace. I cannot say enough about this hotel. I would recommend it to my friends and family and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 23 2009 	Lovely gem!	My husband stayed at the Ashburn for a work trip in October 2007 so when we returned to the UK on a leisure trip togetherwe opted to stay there again. On both occasions, it was a brilliant choice. The rooms were very tastefully furnished, extremely comfortable bed and the fresh potted orchids a lovely touch. Bath big enough to splash around in! Staff very accommodating and helpful. Breakfast buffet excellent in a very pleasant street-level room, and the food sent up for several room-service dinners was superb. Lovely little bar, and to be offered a free glass of champagne each evening was an elegant touch. We have recommended this hotel to friends, and they also enjoyed a very positive experience, and have recommended it to other friends who are coming to London later this year. A lovely gem of a hotel; you feel like a guest and not a number.	
Mar 15 2009 	Better than expected! Will stay here again!	My wife and I stayed 3 nights at the Ashburn Hotel. It's a 5 minute walk to the Glocester rd. Tube stop, so it's convenient to travel. We read all of the reviews on this site and we armed ourselves with knowledge of both good and bad experiences other travelers had. Overall, I can't say anything negative about this hotel. The hotel lobby and sitting/bar area was very charming and Sile our concierge was amazing with directions, restaurant recommendations, banking information, tipping policies, getting tickets for events, etc. In fact, the entire staff were one of the best parts of the hotel. Very warm and very accommodating and knowledgeable. We booked a Queen room and that's what we got. We had a few special requests at time of booking they saw to it that we received those request (top floor and away from elevators...everthing is non smoking). No noise from other guests much at all. A newspaper at your front door each morning and our rate included continental breakfast each morning. the food and service was great and plenty to get us energized for long days of sightseeing. Our last night at the hotel, we were upgraded to a King bed in a larger room on the 3rd floor facing a side street. This room was bright with large windows, very clean and the best part of both rooms was the heated marble bathroom floor! Wow - that was a nice touch. The glass shower doors are somewhat odd shaped - only appearing to be a half door and water can spray out of the back of the tub. Not a big deal and didn't get that much water on the floor. It took us a while to figure out there was a child safety feature on the shower handle that prevented the temperature to get too hot. Once we figured that out (Thanks Sile!) we were able to take hot showers. The linens and toiletries were nice touches. Robes, slippers..that sort of thing. Complementary bottled water in the in-room fridge and it came with an upgraded hair drayer (not the old school thing attached to the wall in the bath) - but a real high powered hair dryer and also an in-room safe for valuables. Plenty of restaurants and pubs within walking distance. Fulham road where a lot of the pubs are, is only a 10 minute walk but there are a couple nice pubs even closer.	
Mar 11 2009 	Good hotel conveniently placed for us.	We stayed 2 nights at the end of February. The hotel was easy to find, after turning left out of the tube it was about 3 minutes walk. We were greeted well and checking in was fast and efficient but there was a subsequent problem, see later in review. Our room was on the second floor, we'd booked a King room and it was of a decent size with plenty of storage space. The bed was comfortable and we slept well both nights. We didn't hear any noise at all from adjacent rooms, only heard the tube very faintly and the traffic noise from the A4 was bearable. The room did show a bit of wear and tear but it had everything we could want and the bathroom was clean and had plenty of toiletries. The only ventilation we had was by opening the windows and if we did then the outside noise was loud. The air conditioning wasn’t on/working but we managed as it was February, not sure if we would if it had been summer.Breakfast was ok, the room is small and didn’t have enough tables for all guests so if you came down in the rush then you had to wait, not so good. There were not enough implements to help yourself to the food, for instance, there were no spoons/tongs to dish up the dried fruits. We saw one guest pick them up with his fingers, lick his fingers and then help himself to some more, yuk! Beware. The champagne in the evening was a very nice touch, it’s usually served between 7 and 8 but as we had to be at the theatre by 7 they served us at 6, nice touch.When we checked out we found that our credit card had been charged at check in when they had clearly stated that they only needed an impression so we could charge to our room. We then had to wait while this was cleared up and they gave us a refund. Luckily it was noticed otherwise we’d have paid twice and had the hassle of trying to get our money back. So again beware and double check everything.Overall we thought that the hotel was ok for what we wanted, clean and reasonably priced. We would stay there again even with the little niggles we had. BTW If you want a nice place to eat in the evening then try Black and Blue in Gloucester Road, it’s fab, great food and reasonably priced.	
Feb 23 2009 	Great hotel - good location	We stayed at the Ashburn for 2 nights for a London break, and I cannot fault this hotel at all. We booked through Hotels.com and got a queen room for £119 a night including continential breakfast, which compared to other hotels we looked at was a very reasonable price. The hotel is in a great location, just a 3-4 minute walk from Glouester Road tube station and about a 10 minute walk to Earls court tube also. Lovely area, and handy for shops like Waitrose and Sainsburys close by. We arrived 2 hours earlier than check-in but the staff were great and we were able to check in and go to our room immediately. Very happy with room (Room 402), lovely decor, nice bathroom and plasma TV. Breakfast was great too - continental breakfast was lovely with good choice and great serving staff - cooked breakfasts also available at a small cost. All staff we came into contact with were very helpful and friendly. Little touches like complimentay champagne for all guests served in bar at 7pm and complimentary newspaper each morning were great also. We were also able to leave our bags for 4 hours after check out before we left. A great find - I would book this hotel again and recommend to a friend.	
Jan 14 2009 	Excellent - we WILL be back!	We booked the Ashburn about 3 weeks in advance on Expedia, as Expedia showed availability even though the hotel showed as entirely booked on their own website. We got what we felt was a reasonable price (around $200/night avg). The hotel is less than 5 mins walk from the tube station (which was a cheap and convenient way to get to the hotel from Heathrow with our Oyster cards). Upon arriving at the hotel and checking in, we found our room to be reeeally small - even by European standards (note: we had room 105, and I believe the &quot;05&quot; room on each floor is the smallest). I called and spoke to the front desk and requested a different room, and she agreed to move us the next day when there was availability. The next day we were indeed moved to a larger room which had ample space and a desk. it was MUCH better. The rooms are all lovely and comfortable. I saw what other reviewers have noted, about tattered rug edges and exposed tv cables, but honestly, they didn't bother us a bit. The room felt immaculate and was well appointed. We didn't have any complaints. We were there for 7 nights over New Years, and had a fabulous time with the Ashburn as a homebase for our explorations. The staff was fantastic - particularly Syle, the concierge. He was always eager to help with recommendations. honest opinions, and tour bookings/information. We loved him!The surrounding neighborhood is fun to explore. To the west there's a Sainsbury's so that you can stock up on essentials that you can keep in the fridge in your room. To the west were loads of restaurants...The Green Door steak house was good, as was, surprisingly, &quot;The Patisserie&quot;... which offered a bunch of different types of entrees, and both things we tried (the curry and the chicken noodle soup and BLT sandwich) were nice. &quot;Ask&quot; near the tube station was also great for an inexpensive but nice meal. We also explored a bit into Fulham (?) and found an upscale Chinese restaurant called Mao Tai which was fabulous (though pricey!). Syle also has plenty of recommendations for local spots that we sadly never got to.Three other things to mention: the in-room internet available through the TV for free was fantastic for quickly keeping in touch with folks back home and looking up London info. And the free champagne in the evenings was a nice way to unwind at the end of the day, before heading out to dinner. Last but not least, the breakfast in the mornings was excellent! The breakfast room did get a little crowded at peak time, around 8:30 to 9:30, but the offerings were delicious and you can order hot food for really reasonable prices. The morning staff was also always really nice. OVERALL - this is a fantastic hotel find and we will absolutely be back to the Ashburn on our next visit.	
Dec 13 2008 	Fantastic hotel	We booked for a Thursday and Friday night in December and cannot fault anything about this hotel.We were pleasantly surprised by how close the hotel is to Gloucester Road tube station. Having turned left out of the station we were at the front door in 2 minutes.When we arrived we were greeted by a efficient and polite receptionist who told us that due to over-demand we'd been upgraded to a queen-size room from the standard double that we'd booked - excellent. Room was fantastic (room 407). Spotlessly clean with good furnishings. There was a tv in the sleeping area and one facing the sofa in the louge area (both large flat screen), not that we watched much tv. There was a good sized bathroom with large bath - only minor gripe was working the shower was a little complicated but we managed in the end.Breakfast was good. Only had continental but the choice was excellent and the breakfast room was really nicely done out.The hotel offers all guests a complemetary glass of champagne every evening in the bar area which was a really nice touch and in keeping with the atmosphere of nothing being too much trouble for the staff. The prices at the bar were also pretty reasonable for London (wine from about £13 a bottle).Overall this is a really good hotel and when I return to London I wouldn't think twice about staying here again.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great little find	As regular visitors to London, we tend to opt for the usual 'brand name' hotels. However, when my mum and I decided to plan a mid-week shopping trip, I thought it would be a change to try to find a 'boutique' hotel as a special treat.I came across the Asburn Hotel by chance and read the good reviews on Trip Advisor, so I booked it. We were very plesantly surprised to discover a little gem of a hotel in a great location.The staff were lovely, one even recommended an excellant restaurant near-by. The rooms were luxurious and comfortable.We were delighted when we discovered that a continental breakfast was included. A cooked breakfast is available at an additional cost, but it is very very reasonable.Overall, I have kept the details, passed on the information to others, and would plan to book in again on my next trip to London.	
Nov 26 2008 	The cosiest hotel in London ?	I have booked my room directly from the Hotel website (special rates!) and got all the comforts expected in a Luxury Hotel. The staff is really attentive and professional. Moreover I was nicely surprised by the the welcome drink and the turndown gift!Maybe the cosiest hotel I have ever stayed in London! Very charming boutique hotel and very keen on details.	
Nov 26 2008 	Perfect	Three of us stayed in the Ashburn last October, taking two rooms. The hotel was ideally sited to our minds as the area is quiet, the museums are just up the road and the tube station is around the corner. The Italian restaurant across the road is great and full of atmosphere. We worried about traffic noise on the busy Cromwell Road but the rooms are quiet and well-insulated.One room (an uprated suite) was strangely located in the basement and so was gloomy with very little natural light. The room had a a smell of cigarette smoke too - despite us asking for no-smoking. We reported the smell and efforts were made to remove it. After four nights, we loved this room and would ask for it again. The beds were superb, the little touches very comforting - we loved the edible, crystallised violet petals everywhere, the complementry glass-of-champagne every evening and the turndown gift each night!Staff were very helpful, breakfast completely adequate although you may have to wait on a table if you mistime your entry. Lounge had a lot of character but was a bit chilly in the evenings - we hoped they'd light the fire there but they didn't.Loved it all in summary and are looking forward to returning soon. Well done to all concerned.	
Nov 24 2008 	overrated	this hotel seems to be built over the underground and you can feel the dull thunder as trains go by. the rooms are small. and for that price, it is definitley not the best hotel to stay in. try dolphin house or something similar -way bigger rooms and much better facilities. this place needs an upgrade and the breakfast room was PACKED and hard to sit in on. in short, hunt around. not the best for london.	
Sep 26 2008 	All that one could ask for!	After taking the Eurostar from Paris to London, we hopped on the Tube and made our way into South Kensington where the Ashburn is located. It's less than two blocks away from the Gloucester Road station, so it's very convenient to the hotel. Check-in was quick and easy, and we were placed on the 4th floor in a front-facing room.Very small (no surprise there), but very clean and nicely furnished, it was a queen bed with two side tables, a closet with mini-fridge and electric kettle, and the bathroom which was a single sink, toilet, and shower/tub.One nice touch is that they leave you a little &quot;present&quot; each day of your stay - bath salts, candy, stuff like that.One thing I noticed upon our arrival is that one of the little decorative mirrors that adorn the sink cabinet was missing, but it was replaced by the next day without our mentioning it to anyone. That showed me that they were on top of thing - even the little things.Here's a tip about the shower that we didn't figure out until our next to last day there - it seemed that the water temperature was never hot and just got warm, but then I noticed a little button that can be pushed in so that the temperature handle can be rotated more to allow access to hotter water. Very much hotter water, in fact! I can see why that's there as a safety thing. Maybe that's common in Europe, but it was the first time I've ever seen such a shower mechanism, and I wish I'd known about it beforehand.Our toilet was a little temperamental in that the handle needed to be held down for a while for it to flush properly, but I found that happening all over London, so maybe that's just the way they're made.The breakfasts were nothing fancy, but they were free and filling. The regular continental spread was cereals, croissants, cheeses, meats, toast, yogurt, fruit, coffee, tea, and juices. Then you could order hot breakfast dishes like sausages and eggs for an additional cost if you wished. The attendants were very friendly, and overall it was a nice set-up for being included in the cost of the room.I'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 26 2008 	Excellent stay	I recently stayed at the Ashburn with my dad and son. The service was outstanding. The concierge was fantastic, he was able to book us tours and tickets that had been hard to get before our trip, knew what was going on around the city, they received our various faxes from our travel agent and got them to us asap, very friendly staff, very good breakfasts. The location was great, just a block from the underground station, there is a grocer nearby and restaurants nearby. The rooms were spotless. I can't wait to go back to London and will definitely make this the hotel I will stay at.	
Aug 31 2008 	A nest in London	We spent 6 days at Ashburn Hotel, and we think to have found a real nest in London.The location is perfect: 100 meters from a Tube Station (Gloucester Road) with three lines, not far from parks and museums, in a quiet enviroment (the hotel is in Cromwell Road, the rooms look on a quiet road and are silent), with a lot of excellent restaurants all around (see Squaremeal, a good guide on line).The hotel is cosy, with only 38 rooms on 7 floors, new (2007), rooms are confortable and well furnished, breakfast (included, al last) very good. We have found an excellent help in booking tickets for visit, and a simpathetical feeling.If you don't like giant, barracks-like hotels and you don't need gym, swimming pool and meeting Madonna, I think this is your hotel.	
Aug 19 2008	Perfect Hotel and Location!!!!	My daughter and I stayed for twelve days at the Ashburn Hotel. The hotel is small but very clean and nice. The hotel staff is absolutely wonderful!!!! Sly, the concierge, was so helpful. He even did the on-line check-in for our departure via British Airways. The hotel provides a continental breakfast, the same every day. However, beginning at 8am, you can also order hot items for an extra cost. There are other places in the area that serve breakfast. One is on the main street across from the Gloucester Tube station, which is only two blocks away. Also, the Holiday Inn across from the Ashburn offers a wonderful breakfast buffet. The hotel is perfectly located. There is a drugstore, grocery store, laundromat all within two blocks of the hotel. We did lots of excursions outside London. Do not use Golden Tours for these excursions. They are very unorganized. Buy an Oyster Card prior to your departure for London. I went to VisitBritain.com and ordered mine. We made a two-day trip via the Eurostar to Paris, again through Golden Tours. Save your time and money. See some shows while in London: Wicked and the Lion King are tremendous!!!! Go on a Beatles walk. The Jack the Ripper walk was really good. Have Sly book you a chaffeur to take you back to the airport. Don't do the Victoria Station Tube especially if you have heavy luggage.	
Aug 17 2008 	Just back--great stay!	I stayed at the Ashburn for 3 nights with my son,19, just back yesterday. As written here before, the location is great,the hotel and staff very friendly and caring. Steve, the concierge was More than helpful; do let him write your tickets for the Tower of London, etc,.it saved us tons of wait time in the long lines--the price was the same. I can't thank Steve enough, we had tons of questions, and he never faltered with a friendly, informative manner!Our room was Very clean; the carpet did have a few small stains, but it was clean,as well. We were gone all day, and the maids did a great job, in our absence. Our room was 601, and though smaller, still very good sized, by European standards; the beds were great, the sheets were soft , and down comforters perfect, as the a/c worked well.The beds were two very ample twins pushed together, which worked very well for us.(my son is 6'3&quot;, and he was comfortable!) I did write to ask for a larger room (ask for #602), but they were almost full,as I booked rather late, but,they Did reply to all of my emails very promptly! Remember that the floors go 'backwards&quot;, so floor 1 is the Top of the hotel, so ask for a room on the Upper floors. Ours was non-smoking,as requested, and we could open the windows at night; very refreshing. We heard NO noise from the lobby or desk, as they have a door that closes, between the rooms on level 2, and the reception area. Traffic noise was also never a problem,as Cromwell road is only busy at about 6pm.as people leave work.The neighborhood is nice, grocery stores nearby, but not many restaurants or pubs. Yet, the Gloucester Road tube stop is 1/2 a block away, and we got anywhere and everyhwhere on the tube (we got 3 day pass cards..the way to go for our 4 day trip). The area was very safe. If you are looking for nightlife, head to the Oxford Road tube stop, and you'll find clubs, restuarants, and lots of people out for fun. You will also walk from there to Chinatown, and just wondering around, we found a nice pub, good souvenier shopping, and a good Italian meal, for about $50 USD. The menus are outside the restaurants, so just stop, read and decide.Also, by Harrod's (across the street) we recommend The Richoux tea room for lunch, after your shopping trip! There is a small eating area upstairs, a few tables outside, and a large eating area downstairs, so you can choose. We had an Excellent shepherd's pie, chips and croque m'seiur (sp-sorry!)--grilled cheese and ham, French style--all very good! They serve a resonable tea, as well, with sandwiches, cakes, etc...less than $20. USD each...which is reasonable, trust me!I booked the Ashburn on Hotels.com,. got a $20 rebate, and a lower price than stated elsewhere.I would definitely recommend the Ashburn hotel; the staff,.location,and comfort make it a big plus for your trip to London!!	
Aug 8 2008	Superb value for standards of comfort room facilities 	Lovely clean and well furnished room with big plasma screen and keyboard to access free internet. Air conditioniing, free room safe, mini fridge, comfortable bed, bathroom well equipped though a little cramped, toilet behind the door etc, shower cubicle with 2 showers. Convenient location close to Gloucester Road tube and buses durect into central London, yet well insulated windows ensured it wasnt noisy. Continental breakfast included in room rate of £115, (compared to standard Premier Inn £96 no breakfast!) which consideriing is was a luxury room in a convenient location was excellent value for money.Seen a few criticisms like dining room small, yeh buts its a small hotel, and they are making the maximum use of what premium space they do have but as as breakfast is between 7 to 10, you find your spot. Cooked breakfast offered at additional cost eg omelette £2.95Free glass of champagne offered between 7 and 8 pm, didnt rush back for it but nice touch if you feel so inclined.Overall best value hotel in London I have stayed in by far, yeh slightly bigger rooms would be nicer, but for the standards delivered you could easily pay double, so am well satisfied and with definitely stay here again.	
Aug 3 2008 	It was very good	My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Ashburn. We really enjoyed our stay for a number of reasons. -Firstly the rooms were immaculately clean and first rate for comfort. -Upon check in we were met by a very friendly receptionist who was most efficient in all our subsequent dealings with her. -Our room (503) was at the top of the building. We found the room quiet with no noise or disturbance whatsoever. Each morning a copy of the newspaper was left at the door which was a nice touch as was the offer of a drink upon arrival.-The bedroom was cleaned and restocked with beautiful toileteries each day. -The tube station was within a two to three minute walk of the hotel. This tube station offers a direct line to Heathrow and also a direct line to Liverpool St where Stansted Express departs. (Location of hotel to tube was very handy when we were dragging suitcases on arrival and departure!)-The Kensington area is a lovely place to stay with good options for eating out. There were two very nice pubs close by serving food plus an organic pizza place across the road from the tube which was particularly excellent. -Continental breakfast was good in the Ashburn. I would concur with the previous reviewer who stated that the bread rolls could be fresher. That would be my only criticism of the otherwise plentiful breakfast. -We stayed in the Ashburn during extremely warm weather, the air conditioning system was highly effective.Overall to conclude very very comfortable rooms (so comfortable you might feel like staying in bed for the day!), very good location and good access to all the tourist attractions London has to offer via the tube station which is within very close proximity to the hotel. Would recommend to all friends and family travelling to London.	
Jul 28 2008 	Boutique gem in Kensington	The Ashburn in Kensington is a rare treat in London. This boutique hotel more than lived up to expectations with large comfortable bedrooms and luxurious bathrooms. The staff were friendly and welcoming throughout our stay even bringing a complimentary glass of champagne to our room on arrival! The buffet breakfast (included in the room rate) was a perfect start to the day. Location wise it's hard to beat the Ashburn with Gloucester Road tube station literally around the corner and a wide selection of good restaurants and bars within easy reach. The Natural History Museum, V&amp;A and Harrods are all a short walk from the hotel.I'd definitely recommend this lovely hotel and hope to return in the near future.	
Jul 21 2008	Okay Hotel but not the Best	The hotel itself is a lovely property, and our room was nice, with a comfortable bed, and nice closet space. I liked the free water in the fridge and the gifts of the bath salts, etc. However, I agree with a previous reviewer that the room does show signs of wear and tear-carpet a bit frayed around the edges, and you could see signs of water damage on the walls in the bathroom. In fact, a small corner of black mold was hidden behind the bathroom trash can. We only had the continental breakfast once--rolls were stale, and we ended up just walking down the street to a patisserie the remainder of a stay instead. Also, the offer of free champagne is nice and was one of the reasons I wanted to stay there--but it is only offered between 7 and 8 p.m., at which time we, and I imagine most people, were out to dinner. The hotel is conveniently located to the Tube station, and if you want to be out of the main areas of the city, this is a great location for you. However, we found ourselves wishing we had stayed in Notting Hill or Covent Garden as we would have liked to had more pubs nearby that we could have gone to for dinner or drinks and walked back to the hotel instead of having to take the Tube. All that being said, the staff was very friendly and welcoming, and we always felt they were happy to accomodate any request.	
Jul 20 2008 	Just gotta love it !	HelloMe and my partner stayed in the Ashburn Hotel for 2 weeks ( 1 -15th of Juli ) and I must say that it was a nice experience.Before we arrived here we was not realy sure what to expect due to some bad reviews by some people in here, but we found them not to be true after we got to know the Hotel and its staff.Our room was located on the 5th floor and was the 2nd biggest room the Hotel had to offer, it was quite spacious;it had a walk in closet with a small safe and full size mirror,a bright and very nice toilette with a bathtub,and a large sleeping / living area with a twin size queen bed, a small office desk with a chair, a desk with a mini bar inside ( with complementary water ), water boiler with a bag of different teas, cocoas and and cofee, a 32 inch flat screen tv from which you could access; tv channels, buy movies ( also erotic ) or surf the net, there was also a small table with a chair in the room.Every day there was maids doing the rooms, unless noted not to do so by a hanger by the door, if you was late getting up they could do your room at the latest 4pm, they started carefully tapping at un-notefied doors at 10ish am, they did not utter &quot;roomservice&quot; like in so many other hotels and that was nice in the morning.Also included is: Comfy bathrobes and slippersEach day would bring us another turn down gift when the maids was done with our room; Bath salt, bath caviar, bath fizz, rose water face spray and violet candy.Unlike the big Hotel across the street from the hotell with its 900 rooms, the Ashburn is a small and intimate ( if you want it to be ) hotel with it's 38 rooms, with so few rooms it makes it very easy to get to know the staff, and that can be quite helpfull as they can take the time to really help you with questions about London and whatnot.The Ashburn might seem abit away from the city centre if you look at its location on a map, but i assure you, it is not.It's located in a very nice area a few blocks down from Hyde park, the area in which the Ashburn is located is a safe and nice place and you do not need to stress around to find restaurants or shopping centres as they are not far away.Just across the street (behind the large Holiday inn Hotell ) you can see a place called Waitrose, that is the closest shopping mall, it has a pharmacy, 2 restaurants ( Garfunkels and ASK, they can also be acc essed from the outside ) money exchange, barber and more ( I do suggest you buy a 6 pack of Waitrose's canned Lemonade )Just behind Waitrose is the main street ( Gloucester Road ) in this area, it's 2 blocks from the Ashburn and it has alot of restaurants, cafees, a Burger King, a KFC, a Tesco low price food store, the post office ( in the X-road ), video rental, a beauty store and connected to the Waitrose is also the Tube station, it will take you 2-4 min to walk here, so its not far at all.When it comes to restaurants in the area I do suggest: Garfunkels or the Green door steak house, there is also an Italian restaurant just beside the Ashburn across the street ( to the left when you leave the Hotel ) it has good food but the service can be abit odd.A place I do not suggest you eat at is the Italian restaurant just down the street from this one ( the one that has lot of salmon, sole, lobster and so on on their outside adverts ) as they do not take their restaurant serious at all, the waiter was picking his nose and the food was neither good nor very well prepared.Just down the road from this silly restaurant is a LARGE 24/7 food Mall called: Sainsbury's, it is quite large and very well stocked, I do suggest a visit.Further down the road ( I suggest you use the tube if you dont like to walk alot ) is Earl's court, its a street filled with almost everything of small shops, restaurants and bars, it's well worth a visit and I do recommend you visit the bakery there.To any visitor to London I would suggest that you buy a 1 week tube card ( called an Oyster card, and can be bought at the tube station ). As it's a very good thing to have ( and cheaper then just buying tickets ) when one is traveling all over the different tube lines to get around London.So to sum things up, the Ashburn is located in a nice part of town and its easy to find your way around after a day or 2, do not be afraid to talk to the Ashburn's staff as they are all very friendly and helpful.The Hotel even offers a good night sleep as it has double glazed windows ( which can be opened ) and air condition, the only thing I found abit on the the dreary side was the breakfast room, as it only has 9 tables with room for 2 people each, that might sometimes cause some queing but then again this is a converted old townhouse. The continental breakfast was: white or brown toast, marmelade, honey, butter, 3 different slices of meat, 3 different slices of cheese, cereals, dried fruits, small danish pasteries, youghurt and Actimel, Apple juice, Orange juice and milk.The waitress would get your order for coffee, tea or if you wanted and full english breakfast ( sausages, eggs, bacon, hash browns, bakes beans, grilled tomato and mushromms.It was and good english breakfast, but it's cheaper over at Garfunkel's or any other close by Bar or cafee.I would like to take the time to thank several people at the Ashburn;To Steve for helping us with questions and ticket orders around in London.To Syle for helping us with the misplaced Theatre ticket to SpamAplot.To Andy Sheik to chatting with us for hours at end in the bar.To Miklos for mixing up the good drinks.To Markus ( the swede ) for beeing a funny scandinavian.This is most surely a Hotel we will return to in the near future !!Thank you for an excellent and comfortable stay :)	
Jul 13 2008 	The Perfect Place to Stay	My wife and I just returned from a week-long vacation in London, and totally enjoyed our stay at the Ashburn Hotel. Our room was on the small side, but adequate (since we did not spend very much time there), quiet (we were not on the street side), comfortable (the queen-sized bed was fantastic and the linens were way above average) and was kept beautifully by the staff. The bathroom was nice and the shower was great.I guess I need to add that the air conditioning, (which we rarely needed), and heat worked well. As an added bonus, there is free internet, accessible from your large, flat-screen TV.The continental breakfast, which was included in our package, was very nicely displayed, with a nice variety, from cereals, toast, rolls and croissants, cold cuts, fresh fruit, three juices, coffee, and milk delivered individually. The waitresses were attentive, courteous, and quickly learned our likes. We always left for the day well sustained, full of energy, and ready to take on London.The concierges were friendly and very helpful, the receptionist was always smiling and ready for light conversation and the manager was very accommodating. The thing is, you got to know the staff and they you.The Ashburn’s location is ideal, out of the hustle and bustle of the City, but with a Tube stop two short blocks away, all parts of London were easily and quickly accessible. We used the Tube extensively and went in many directions. We never waited more than three minutes for a train to arrive and felt safe at all hours.Some of our favorite attractions are very close by as well. The Natural History museum, the Victoria &amp; Albert, the Royal Albert Hall, Kennsington Palace and high tea at the Orangery are very convenient.We thoroughly enjoyed our trip in large part to the Ashburn hotel’s location, staff, and creature comforts. Stay here. We plan to again and again.	
Jul 9 2008	Loved the Ashburn	The Ashburn is a lovely and elegant hotel. The rooms have gorgeous furnishings and they are spacious. Within walking distance to museums and harrods and 2 min walk from Gloucester Road Tube Station. I would certainly stay there again. Well done Ashburn!	
Jul 3 2008	The Curate's Egg	My wife and I stayed at the Ashburn for two nights in June and found it to be good, but not without it’s problems. The room we stayed in was a deluxe for which we paid £210 per night including continental breakfast. The room was clean and tidy but there were areas of wear and tear to the carpet and furniture. According to their web site the hotel was refurbished only last year, which at fist glance would seem to be true, but unless they keep on top of things standards will start to slip.Others have mentioned the small size of the breakfast room, which is true if everyone turns up at once but not a real problem while we were there. The continental breakfast was ok but I have had a better choice while staying at a Holiday Inn.The location of the Ashburn is very good for the tube and close to all the museums and the Royal Albert Hall. The staff were very pleasant and helpful.One thing you should be aware of is that there was no welcome drink offered when we arrived and no turn down service and gift, both of which were a reason we booked the Ashburn in the first place. When checking out we brought this up with manager and he kindly took £40 of our billAll in all we did enjoy our stay at the Ashburn, but I’m sure there must be better hotels in London for the money we paid.	
Jul 2 2008 	the best hotel in london	Before I have been in several other hotels in London, spending a lot of money just for their name, but with a bad service, dirty rooms and excessive internet fares. Finally I found out this nice hotel in Kensington and I have been guest here for nine months!!! So I guess I can say with all the rights that this is the best hotel in London.  The staff was always cordial, kind and helpful! They took care of me even when I fallen ill! They serve a plentiful buffet breakfast (and if you're a little bit in delay, they don't lock you out of the dinner room!). The rooms were all wonderful too (I tried almost all of them). You'll have a very nice bathroom, clean towels, bathrobe and carpet slippers. Every room has a flat 32&quot; TV, some room have 2 of them too! And internet is free, both wireless and on the ethernet plug in the wall. You'll have every day complimentary water in your fridge, a selection of several theas, chocolate and a likeable gift will wait for you on you bedside table every evening. Looking out of your bow windows, you can see the Natural History Museum and the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum (they're very close to the hotel, you have just to walk for 10 minutes along Cromwell Road, and in 15 minutes you can reach Harrods). If you need public transport ,the 74 bus stop is just in front of the building (it takes you at Hammersmith and Piccadilly), otherwise the Gloucester Road underground station is behind the corner (3 minutes walk). Someone says that it is not very cheap, but I can assure you that you'll feel like at home!	
Jun 27 2008 	Very good head-concierge!	I booked this hotel because of all the good reviews on this site.The hotel arrange our transport from and to the airport.Good private cars, when we arrived in the hotel there was a very nice staff waiting for us.We booked a de Luxe room, this gives you just a little more space and a bathtube.Room was very clean and the white linnen bed was good quality and crispy clean!You can pick up your glass champagne everyday in the bar, a bottle of water everyday in your room, and yes that little present in your room, they do a very good job to give they're guests a little extra ...........it makes you feel welcome. And that is what this business is about, the only tip that I would like to give to other guests is, order your breakfast in your room with roomservice in advance, the diningroom is very small.But you can hang this little card on your door before 2 am. and you will have a lovely breakfast, with everything on it also little details as actimel etc.And in the bar area put down the lights a little bit and put on the candles when they are there, it would make the place more nicer.And put on a cd and no radio, it's to easy.Next time when we go to Londen, I will book this hotel again.And Stephen is a very nice head-concierge, a man that takes care of the guests.	
Jun 25 2008 	One to avoid	When I booked this hotel it was number 10 in the Tripadvisor top hotels. Today, 25th June, it`s number 76 and no wonder. There is no staff organisation. There are some very good staff but the management seem to think they are running Fawlty Towers. The reviewer of 31st May was correct in everything he said. For the rates they charge there are better options elsewhere. The breakfast room is a total disgrace. Again no organisation. During our first morning we had breakfast in the bar and on the second we gave up and walked out as the staff only dealt with guests who shouted loudest ! Okay the rooms are clean and in good condition but that`s only because the hotel is fairly new. When we confronted the general manager he told us they were recruiting staff and it was a transitional period. If that`s the case please don`t waste your money, go elsewhere. I for one won`t return.	
Jun 6 2008 	Fab hotel!	Stayed at this hotel as it was a reasonable location for the Chelsea Flower Show. The hotel was pretty much excellent, only five minutes walk from the Gloucester Road tube and within half an hours walk of the Natural History Museum and V&amp;A. Kensington Palace and Knightsbridge are also within walking distance, if you don't mind a bit of a walk.There's a choice of restaurants in the area (we went to a steakhouse, Black &amp; Blue) near the tube station which was great.On to the hotel itself, very good service, efficient check-in and a lovely room, nicely decorated and very clean. Lovely toiletries too and a little turn down gift every night. We had complimentary continental breakfast which was good and you could order hot food too (for an extra charge). The breakfast room was tiny but both days we stayed we managed to find a table straight away. We did however see a few people waiting but not for long.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Loved this boutique hotel	Booked through Late Rooms.we stayed here for a romantic weekend when seeking Cirque de Solei at the Royal Albert Hall in JanuaryI loved the style of this hotel, the bar area with its comfy sofas and champagne before dinner was great.Had a few champagne cocktails as they were the same price as most of the spirits with a mixer or glass of wine. So why not ?The room was a good size and at the front of the hotel, but not traffic noise. Bathroom was stylish and practical. Huge bed with crisp clean sheets, although I found the bed a bit hard.Not impressed with small dining room for breakfast or the £7.50 for full english. We found it cheaper to go down the road to Garfunkels.I loved staying here, the staff were very friendly and atmosphere was relaxed.Easy access to tube station and walking distrance to lots of good places to eat around, BUT DO NOT EAT AT THE PIZZA PLACE JUST OVER THE ROAD, its like faulty towers service, although the steak was to die for.Excuse the pics, they are from a little mobile phone.	
Jun 3 2008	Lovely Boutique Hotel in a Lovely location	My wife and I stayed in the hotel for two nights. We find the hotel very nice and extremely clean. We were warmly welcomed. Her staff made us feel home. They were very pleasant and friendly. The hotel is close to so many nice bars and restaurant with an easy access to public transports. The area is safe and within walking distance to Harrods store. We would recommend it to you, surely you would enjoy your stay there and most certainly you will get value for your money as we did.	
Jun 1 2008 	Adored the Ashburn	We have just returned from a 10 day stay at The Ashburn . We can't say enough lovely things about this small boutique hotel - it is warm and welcoming and well situated. Trust the website. All of the advertised amenities and conveniences are delivered graciously and with warmth by the staff. The room we had was a lovely King; the mattress and bedding were new, clean, and very comfortable. The bathroom was terrific - with plenty of hot water, good water pressure, giant bath towels, wash cloths, and plentiful Gilcrest &amp; Soames bath products.Amenities included: safe, blowdryer, slippers, bathrobe, evening &quot;gift&quot;, evening champagne, free wi-fi, a large flat screen tv in the room, cold breakfast with fabulous fresh-pressed coffee made on the spot, water stocked in the fridge in the room, morning newspaper delivered to the door. Couldn't have asked for or wanted more. We had one light dinner in the bar/lounge area and the food was accessibly priced and very good. Other guests took advantage of the assistance of the concierges far more than we did; but we overheard rave reviews and many thanks being exchanged for the advice and arrangements being made.The rooms are indeed on the smaller side, as is the way in London, and some folks had issue with the AC in their rooms, but the windows open, the nights were cool, and we wouldn't have noticed except for a sign posted in the elevators. Things that are not exactly like &quot;home&quot; elsewhere in the world do always seem to be about plumbing and HVAC...We traveled to see London, see friends, rest and experience something different and it was all wonderful. The value for the money is exceptional - and with the exchange rate being what it is - we wouldn't say that lightly.The hotel is in a fabulous location - literally around the corner from the Gloucester Road tube station in the Kensington/South Kensington area. There are terrific amenities in the area for visitors including a bustling post-office, great bakeries, a Starbucks, all night convenience store, take-away fish and chips shop, and a nice pub. The hotel is across the street from a very large Holiday Inn. The HI is 27 stories - it is not off-putting at all and actually came in very handy. The first night we took a stroll - without a map - and wound up navigating back to the Ashburn by way of the Holiday Inn which we could thankfully see in the distance...the area is bustling and safe around the clock. Double hung windows contribute to the quiet in the room.From the hotel you can easily walk to the Museum of Science, V&amp;A, Kensington Palace, Kensington Gardens, and Kensington High Street and the South Kensington Tube station...another area full of cafes and restaurants.Originally, we came upon this hotel on the Epoque Hotel site - an interesting collection of boutique hotels throughout the world. Reviews on TripAdvisor were very helpful as well.	
May 31 2008	Warning - New Owners - Avoid Ashburn - Not The Same Anymore	It is unfortunate to have to write such a review about the hotel that I have stayed at along with my colleagues for countless times before but I hope to have others avoid the experience of the new Ashburn ownership.This hotel used to be our favorite in London. I personally have stayed at the hotel over 100 nights and my Company has put up over 10 employees from the US in the hotel. The Ashburn used to be the best place in London with an amazing staff. Unfortunately, during our month long stay in May the hotel was sold to a new Company. The new General Manager is downright abusive and is letting the hotel literally fall apart. All I can tell you is avoid staying here now. It is no longer anything close to what it was under the old team. Some specifics:1. the aircondition constantly breaks and the rooms get so hot they are literally unbearable. We waited over 30 days for them to fix the aircondition as of this date (when I and my team are leaving the hotel) the aircondition is still broken. The new general manager (the previous one was outstanding but she is no longer with the hotel) basically told us to deal with it or leave the hotel. It is literally unbearable and for the money is downright unacceptable.2. The hotel is falling apart in many areas since the new GM has arrived. I personally had to move rooms four times during this stay due to the AC and water leaks from the ceiling.3. Most alarmingly, there seems to be a cockroach problem emerging as they are seen more and more around the hotel. It is really sad to see such a great hotel fall apart but I guess management is what makes a great hotel great!4. The only redeeming thing left at the hotel is the marvelous staff from the previous GM but they are all fed up with the lack of service of the new owner and manager as well. When I complained about the aircondition and water leaks going unresolved week after week we were told to stop complaining. 5. It is so sad to see this all happening but we have now moved our folks to another beautiful hotel (for less money by the way) down the street and could not be happier. To all the amazing staff at the Ashburn, I am most sorry. They worked so hard to make the hotel wonderful for its guests but unfortunately it has now become a place I would never stay at again.6. Finally, beware that the breakfast, though advertised a full breakfast, is not in fact one now....also beware that if you book anything now through the hotel (car service, etc.) the owner takes a commission for himself but does not tell you (we figured it out from the car service by calling them direct.If you do stay at the hotel, the other danger beyond everything above are the steps out front. when it rains, it becomes very slipperly and you can fall and really hurt yourself. Hopefully by posting this, the new GM will listen to the comlaints on this one and put some rubber treading on the steps. It is just amazing to me how much lack of customer service or general hotel adherence to safety is being allowed in the hotel.Enjoy London and if you stay at the Ashburn, make sure you are prepared for the things above. I will never stay there again.	
May 23 2008 	Lovely find good value	Found the Ashburn through &quot;TripAdvisor&quot; reviews. This is a lovely little gem. Close to the Gloucester Road metro stop (just a 2 block walk). Comfortable bed with good linens, spotless bathroom &amp; very friendly staff. We arrived early &amp; were happy to find our room not only ready, but were allowed early check-in without a fuss.	
May 22 2008	AC Still not working	Nice amenties such as bathrobes, wireless internet in rooms.Disappointed in that the AC was still not working, when you check in they tell you that breakfast is included. They do not tell you that it is only continental and then you have to pay for anthing hot, i.e. eggs, bacon. I found that to be a little deceiving.Also they were not willing to lower the price for the next day of stay and only wanted to offer a free beer. Lack of guest appreciation.Rooms on the small side.Breakfast area not very inviting and waitress could not understand a single word of English.	
May 15 2008 	Wonderful Place to Stay	After reading the reviews of this hotel, my wife and I stayed for 8 nights and found it to be every bit as nice and comfortable as described. Completely renovated a year ago and the place is maintained sparkling clean. Room well laid out, bed and linens very comfortable, bath really clean, A/C worked well as we were there during a hot spell. Flat panel TV well-placed. Live orchid on the table. Welcoming 'plunger pots' of coffee and all of the staff could not have been more helpful and cordial. In-room amenities of tea kettle, terry cloth robes and slippers, thick clean carpeting, wi-fi all appreciated. The double-glazed windows (3 for our room) make for marvellous quietness in spite of being adjacent to Cromwell Road. Good restaurants nearby, especially Il Falconiere for Italian. With American tourism down taxis are everywhere. Kensington location a plus. We would have no hesitency in returning.	
May 13 2008 	Stolen Item 	On the positive side, the price was reasonable and the staff was pleasant. On the negative side there was no air-conditioning for 2 of 7 nights, making the room unpleasantly hot. Worse, I accidentally left a jacket in the room at check-out, and when I returned three hours later to retrieve it the staff claimed no knowledge of it. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. Instead I would consider the Radisson, Marriott, Holiday-Inn or Millenium hotels, all of which lie within a few blocks.	
May 3 2008 	Really good hotel great position	Ashburn Hotel is a small hotel in Cromwell road, in a great central position to reach all the principal places and monuments of the city, also thanks to the proximity of the Gloucester station of the underground (which also travels directly to Heathrow airport). The staff is very helpful and kind, and this also contributes to the perception of a very welcoming environment here. We appreciated the offering of the coups of champagne during the evenings, from 7 to 8 pm. The only defect we have to remark is the (small) dimension of the dining room in the basement level of the building, which particularly during the morning turns out to be inadequate to accomodate even half of the guests at the same time.	
Feb 25 2008 	Perfect Place in London	Ashburn was perfect! Great location, comfortable, clean, elegant accomodations. The staff couldn't have been more pleasant;eager to offer assistance. Thanks to Jerry and Steve!	
Feb 19 2008 	Pleasant but not a bargain	Some of the other posts mention the hotel was a bargain, but our booking was definitely not cheap. We booked because it offered many nice extras like breakfast, glass of champagne in the evening, complementary welcome drink (non-alcoholic), tea and coffee in the room plus free use of internet. All of these definitely add up at a normal hotel. Hotel is located 1.5 blocks from Gloucester tube stop which is very convenient. Definitely one of the more notable boutique hotels I have visited. I recommend this to anyone who values the extra touches.	
Feb 7 2008 	Good quality and price	I have stayed here twice in the last month and found this great gem. Hotel prices in London are out of this world but this one is in a different league. I was actually concerned about only paying £115 including breakfast.Compared to my experiences in other London 5-star hotels this one compares very favourably. The rooms are of an OK size. The beds are excellent.It is one block away from the Gloucester underground station which is on the Piccadilly line. It means ou can get there directly from the airport.One word of warning. The first time I was given room 701 which is not on the 7th floor but in the basement. Although the windows are of a good size and there is pelnty of light (they actually call it the ground floor), it is too noisy there. You are right next to the kitchen and small dining room. Also all the hotel workers keep passing in front of your room. After a couple of days I asked for a room change and they obliged as they were not full. The concierge is helpful as well.	
Feb 6 2008 	Something special	A smaller, boutique hotel, the Ashburn faces a very large Holiday Inn, and is located on a pretty busy road with wide pavements in a nicer London borough. The surrounding areas feel as safe as one can expect in london. There are plenty of shops ( including a large Sainsbury's ) and restaurants within walking distance and it is close to Gloucester Road tube station. The staff at the Ashburn were faultlessly welcoming and friendly. Included in the price, the cold breakfast was tasty and pleasant. A small gift is placed in each room at turn-down time before bed, and there is a complimentary free glass of champagne during the evening which adds to the feeling of luxury. The hotel bedrooms themselves are quite small, as expected in London, but the whole hotel seems well decorated, clean and comfortable. The bed itself was comfy. Altogether, I am glad we chose this hotel. It is small enough to feel homely and welcoming while the staff are attentive and helpful. So many hotels in London could follow this example. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Jan 12 2008	Great hotel nice little touches	My husband and I had a nice stay at the Ashburn.  It's a small little hotel with lovely clean rooms just a block from the Gloucester Rd. station. It was a terrific base for exploring London. Breakfast every morning was basic and a good start to the day. Little gifts on the pillow each night and the champagne in the lobby are pleasant touches. Don't go expecting the concierge services of a huge hotel, but for the price we were paying that should be understood. We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again if we returned to London.	
Jan 7 2008	I want to go back!	We stayed at the Ashburn Hotel for four nights and were not disappointed. I booked the stay based on TripAdvisor comments and have to agree with all the positives others have posted. The rooms are lovely, the view magnificent, and the service delightful. Everyone was helpful and went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. For example, I reserved two rooms and requested they be near each other if possible. We were pleasantly surprised to have the rooms right next to each other with a private external door which effectively made our two rooms a suite if we wanted to leave the internal doors open. It was quite nice. One room was what you'd expect of an American hotel-bed, desk, bathroom, etc., but the other was huge! It had a sitting area with a couch and t.v. in addition to the bedroom area and bathroom. After all my research I'd expected the rooms to be tiny. Breakfast was delicious-meats, cheeses, bread, french-pressed coffee, fruit, cereal. Can you tell I want to go back? The best part was the convenient location. Only one block from the tube station and many restaurants and grocery stores in the immediate vicinity. I highly recommend the Ashburn Hotel.	
Jan 3 2008 	Bye bye Bailey	Loved the Ashburn. I have stayed at the Bailey, which is on the other side of the Gloucester Rd tube station; this time I chose the Ashburn based on TA reviews.The only thing the Bailey has over the Ashburn is that the Bailey's door is literally across the street from the tube station where the Ashburn is a block away. But other than that ... The Ashburn's rooms are new and nice. Bedding is awesome. Amenities are great. Bathrooms are new and CLEAN (hard to find in London). They are also well lit. They are small, but what isn't in central London?The Ashburn has free wireless internet. A big plus in a country where 25 pounds/day is not unusual. (ridiculous, but not unusual!)The Ashburn has a decent free breakfast. It's continental, but the prices on the optional hot food are very reasonable. Coffee is french press.The Ashburn has turndown service and leaves little goodies on your bed at night ... I got a fizzy bath ball and some bath beads. Not a necessary thing, but a really nice touch (and the bathtub was clean enough to use!)The staff was extremely friendly. The bellhop even offered to go to the Waitrose and buy me a stamp!!!The price is right. I paid 149 pounds, inclusive of VAT. I expect it to go up (one can only hope the exchange rate gets better) but that's one of the best prices I could find for the area.If you're looking for a place in Kensington or a hotel that's convenient to the tube, the Ashburn is a great choice!!	
Dec 18 2007 	Finally a place in London worthy of a good review	I'm in London quite often for business and have yet to really find a place in the Kensington area worth going back to.(see previous reviews!) Anyhow, I stayed at the Ashburn Hotel last month and was quite impressed. The location is great, the staff is friendly, and the rooms are comfortable. Its not going to be the biggest room you've ever seen, so be sure to ask for room facing the north. I believe those are bigger. the beds are vey comfortable and if you can figure out how to use the air controls you'll got the tools for a great night of sleep. the front desk attendant wasnt so sure how to work the codes with the free wireless so that was a little bit frustrating. To his credit, I think he was a new hire. Either way, I think this is a great place to stay for a night or a week. the flat screen tvs and the complimentary champagne int he evening are nice touches.	
Nov 29 2007 	Fantastic hotel - what more can I say?	I first stayed at the Ashburn in 1997 while on my first trip ever to London - back then it was cheap (and maybe not so cheerful). 10 years on and while looking for suitable accommodation for a business trip from Australia, I was intrigued to find it had been completely revamped and reopened only a few months ago. I booked my 8 nights online, and checked in after a long 24 hour flight on the 20th November. The staff really made me feel welcome.Overall, the staff are very friendly - from the concierge and front desk through to the girls who look after you at breakfast each morning. The room was fantastic, comfortable bed, clean, and attention to detail and comfort. They even provide a complimentary glass of champagne each night (to entice you out of your room and to explore what London has to offer), and a turn down service with a gift of either chocolates, sweets, or bath products every night when you get back.To be honest, I have now found my &quot;home away from home&quot; when in London on business. It's very good value for the quality and location, and the staff are just great.I would thoroughly recommend the Ashburn for anyone visiting London for business or pleasure.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great stay again!	Came back again to this hotel, visited the first time in May and it is still fantastic. great staff, great location and i even got upgraded this time. The concierge remembered me since my last visit, (which is very unusal in busy hotels) and even asked how our summer had been. The free internet access and the great breakfast that is included is a big plus. i will return again in the near future.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great rooms.	We stayed at this hotel for two nights in October. I had read lots of reviews before going and have to say, that I agree with the positives people have said! It is a very charming hotel in a very good location. It is clean and the decor is fantastic. Our room was great. We had a superior king and it was an L shape room with a sofa on one side and the large bed on the other. There were two large screen tv's in the room and some beautiful boutique style pieces of furniture. We also thought that having the television sound in the bathroom was a nice quirky feature. The turn down gifts were a lovely touch and the idea of the champagne was really nice, although I think the timing with that could be better, as it is between 7 and 8 and as we watched shows in the West End both nights, we had left the hotel before 7 and so did not get to take advantage of this. We also never got a drink on arrival. The first morning we ate our breakfast in the dining room and were very happy with the selection. However, as the second morning was my birthday we ordered room service and we were disappointed with that. The porridge was cold, and there was no friut or yoghurt (as in description). Overall, I would say that this is a good hotel in a good location and I would possibly stay there again as the pros definately outweigh the cons.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great but with a few drawbacks for the business traveler	I really liked this hotel for its charm, convenience, and value. It's very close to the Gloucester Rd station. Staff are friendly, and I liked the nice touches, such as the daily gift (bath salts, chocolates), the glass of champagne in the lobby every evening, and the supply of umbrellas by the door for London's famous weather. The continental breakfast spread is very nice as well. And I appreciated the free internet access, which is not to be taken for granted when some hotels charge an additional GBP 15 a day.However, there were little things which weren't so perfect. Many of the rooms are right on Cromwell Road and the soundproofing isn't perfect - though it didn't bother me in the least, and the soundproofing is decent, light sleepers should take note. Wakeup calls didn't always come through, and the staff, while friendly, weren't as polished and professional as you would find at a more upscale hotel.The biggest problem for me was that I was here on business and it is not ideally set up for that. There is no place to meet people other than a small lobby, where everyone can hear everyone else's conversations, so we kept having to duck out to Gloucester Road to find somewhere to meet. There are also no business facilities, such as printers, so i had to email documents to my hotmail account and print them at the front desk -- as long as there was nobody checking in or out at the time. The breakfast room was a small room below ground level, so that was also not a good place to meet with clients or partners. Also, I booked on travelocity, and travelocity was no help in changing the reservation when i needed to. the hotel did it without a problem when i called directly but I went back and forth between the two of them, and it took a while to get a confirmation back from the hotel.I would definitely stay here again &amp; recommend it, but not if I had the same business needs as i did on my most recent stay.	
Oct 9 2007	"Practically perfect" hotel in Kensington	This is our third visit to London and we're so happy we will never have to look for another hotel in London again after spending 10 nights at the &quot;practically perfect&quot; Ashburn Hotel in Kensington. (Okay..... we saw Mary Poppins while in London) ;)From the gracious and friendly staff we encountered in all capacities in the hotel, well appointed rooms, spotless facilities, excellent breakfasts (hot and cold) and coffee, free wifi, evening champagne, and perfect location a 6 minute walk from the District, Circle and Piccadilly tube lines at Gloucester Rd...... we simply loved our stay at the Ashburn.We stayed one night in a Queen room on the 3rd floor which was lovely, though compact with the closet/wardrobe offering shelves for storage and the mini fridge and kettle housed in the other half. An armchair with bed side tables and lamps were the other furniture in the room. We did have a little difficulty with the wifi in that room but did not try the tv internet service, which would likely have been fine.The rest of our time was spent in a king room on the 5th floor with a very spacious layout, desk for our laptop, guidebooks and such, arm chair, walk-in closet with safe and bench, cupboard housing the fridge with open space in one half for storage. It might have had a slightly larger bathroom too though the vanity and amenties were the same as in the Queen room. We appreciated the larger room since our daughter lived nearby and it gave us more space to relax with her at different times during the day.Not only will we return to the Ashburn, but I would recommend this hotel to friends with no hesitation. We got a very good rate through the hotel website with breakfast included. And emails were answered promptly and politely when I did have an inquiry.I hate to even mention this, but the only hesitation for a recommendation would be for an older couple or someone who might have some mobility problems. While the shower/bath system with the handheld and fixed shower is very good, you do need to be able to lift your leg at least 18&quot; or so to enter the deep bathtub. There are grab bars in the bathtub itself though.The Waitrose grocery, Boots drugstore and ASK pizza/pasta restaurant are in the nearby mall. We really enjoyed our pizza/salads there----do not bother with the neighborhood Italian spot across the street from the hotel. Just a 10 minute walk north off Gloucester was a terrific little Polish restaurant-- Wodka. Great menu if you like Eastern European food. Olives in the Bailey Hotel on Gloucester was also very enjoyable, and for pastries or sandwiches, there were several good choices also on Gloucester Rd near the tube station.The Ashburn Hotel and the Kensington area are a great choice. As you can see from the photos, the Natural History and Science Museums and the Victoria and Albert Museum, are only a 20 minute walk from the hotel. We left our luggage in the hotel storage area before our flight, and still felt like we had a full day visiting museums with time for coffee and cookies in the lounge before we had to leave for the airport at 3:30pm. Perfect!	
Oct 5 2007 	Lived up to the great reviews!	Like some others, we made this reservation based on one great review and we were not disappointed! The location is fabulous in that it's safe (for a city), close to the Gloucester Road tube stop, and a reasonably short walk to many restaurants. You do need to take the tube for most attractions with the exception of a couple museums.Hotel itself was very clean and beautifully done. Great staff who were helpful when needed. Free champagne each night was a nice treat. Rooms and baths are large by city standards with nice amenities. Breakfast was more than ample enough to get you on your way (meats, cheeses, cereals, breads, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, juices, coffee, tea, etc) and the dining room was very comfortable (although I agree the chairs are a bit cumbersome!).One night I had dinner off of the bar menu and it was fabulous! Butternut squash risotto with creamy stilton bleau cheese and some dressed greens on top. Wow! A good sized serving too. Cost of 8 pounds, I think?My only complaints, which were minor, was that the pillows were so big that it was a little hard to sleep on them. Also, there weren't any instructions on how to use the (free) internet access - done through the flat screen TV. There were instructions for other things like the heat/air and the in-room safe, but not the TV.Overall, we loved it and would definitely stay again. It's very pricey, but what isn't in London?	
Sep 23 2007 	Great location comfortable and spotless	We stayed at the Ashburn for a week based on Tripadvisor reviews, and we were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location in South Kensington and literally 2 blocks from the Gloucester tube station and a few blocks from Kensington park/palace. It was simple to get to any of the major sites; we just picked up a 7-day oyster card to ride the tube for the week. The 38 room hotel is brand new and has everything you'd need. There's a safe, mini fridge, and a great flat screen tv that will get you free internet access without a laptop. You can even program the tv to get your wake-up call for the nice continental breakfast every morning. Hot breakfasts can be ordered, but we had plenty with the selection of pastries, cereal, yogurt, muesli, meats, and cheeses. There's complimentary champagne each night and a yummy menu for a light lunch or dinner if you chose to eat in. The beds were pretty comfortable for European standards and the bath included a tub and shower, which you don't always get at other hotels. The room was also very quiet and good sized for Europe. We were in 502 on the top floor and had a remote view of the London Eye. Everything was spotless, and the staff even left a little surprise (e.g., chocolates, bath salts) each night with the turndown service. The decor was tasteful and included beautiful, live orchids. Location next door to a Waitrose grocery, pharmacy, and post office was also convenient.Although English was not the first language of several staff members, communication was not a problem. Everyone was very nice and responsive to requests. The only problem we had was the lack of hot water on two mornings. However, this was promptly fixed, and we were offered a shower in another room when I was running late for a business meeting. We're pretty picky about hotels, and this met all our expectations. We only wish the US dollar was doing better compared to the pound; London gets pricey now. The nice thing is that most museums are free, and there are plenty of reasonable restaurants in the area. We tried several good Indian places off Old Brompton (just a few blocks south) and were very happy. All in all, a terrific find for a boutique hotel in London!	
Aug 13 2007 	Excellent!		
Jul 20 2007 	fantastic hotel		
Jul 11 2007 	A lovely hotel		
May 3 2007 	Remove all old reviews!		
May 3 2007 	Ottima scelta		
Nov 22 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	Bästa hotellet vi bott i London		
Oct 9 2009 	ne promettez pas ce que vous ne pouvez par assurer		
Sep 28 2009 	????????????		
Sep 11 2009 	Hotel piacevole in ottima posizione		
Jul 15 2009 	Bueno pero no tanto		
Jun 15 2009 	Sehr gutes Hotel zentral gelegen		
Jun 2 2009 	Bueno pero menos.		
Apr 27 2009 	Perfetto		
Apr 1 2009 	Me encanto repetiria sin dudarlo		
Feb 8 2009 	??????????????????????		
Jan 11 2009 	UNA PIACEVOLE SORPRESA		
Dec 19 2008 	Un charmant hotel		
Dec 6 2008 	Hotel de charme		
Nov 15 2008 	Londra OK!		
Jul 5 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location veramente un albergo ottimo per visitare Londra		
Apr 4 2008 	Très bonne adresse		
Mar 31 2008 	Tolles Hotel in London		
Feb 8 2008 	Ascenseur en panne durant 4 jours !!!!!!!!		
Jan 21 2008 	Bellissimo albergo		
