Nov 12 2009 	Really good stay - I will go back and will recommend to friends!	I booked through Laterooms.com and went for this hotel as the reviews seemed better than other (more expensive) hotels in the same area.I was really impressed by the friendly welcome from the young man on reception. I got my keys quickly and found my room (an en suite single) to be both comfortable and very clean. Despite being given a basement room, the decor made it feel bright and warm. The bed was lightly larger than I was expecting for a single and the attached bathroom was also well decorated, well stocked with towels and very clean.Although I could hear the rumbling of underground trains I actually found this quite soothing and had no problems sleeping.The breakfast was very well prepared. I read in one review that the portions were small... but I felt the size was just right and those with a more excessive hunger could help themselves to as much additional cereal, fruit, youghurt etc. as they could cram in! The fresh cafetiere coffee was very nice too!Overall, I felt incredibly secure (being a lone female traveller) and very comfortable.I would definitely stay here again (perhaps soon for a Christmas shopping trip if I can convince the other half :))	
Nov 8 2009 	Best Little Hotel in London	Seven of us stayed in this hotel in separate rooms and, though some of us - not me - had been given a double room (at single price) because no singles were available, all of us agreed the rooms were nice. The rooms were smallish but as the hotel had been honest enough to post this fact on their website there was nothing to complain about.Great British breakfast, better than many other hotels.Staff were friendly, even though on two occasions i witnessed they did have to deal with some disgruntled guests moaning about nothing really, bad travellers probably.All in all a super three days in a homey hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Convenient Hotel in a quiet and comfortable location	Stayed here for three nights. Had a quad room on the top floor and climbing the stairs can be exhausting. Despite all the mixed reviews on this site, this hotel was actually quite good. The hotel is a little far from central London but is a good place to calm your nerves and be away from the hustle and bustle of London. There's a garden across the street which is usually very quiet but well maintained. Unfortunately, I did not get a chance to explore it. There appears to be some tennis courts there. The London buses do not run through the neighborhood where Harlingford is, only private cars, taxis, and emergency vehicles, which is big plus. London, with its usual attractions, is not too far from this hotel whether you take the tube or the bus. The closest tube station is Russell Square (3-4 blocks away) which is on the Piccadilly Line. This line can also take you to Heathrow. The rooms in Harlingford are okay in general. The beds are comfortable enough and the Wi-Fi is fast. My only complaints had to do with the bathroom. I felt the shower space was too small and the water flow from the shower head was insufficient. The free breakfast was good. Besides the English breakfast that one could order, there are fruit, cereal, cheese, and various fruit juices. For the price that my family paid, I may stay here again if I want a quiet and comfortable hotel. At night, it could be loud outside because there are at least two pubs near the hotel with one being right around the corner though it quiets down between 10-11 p.m. The neighborhood surrounding Harlingford was safe when I was there. Just use common sense.	
Nov 5 2009 	Highly recommended	We have stayed at the Harlingford on Cartwright Gardens several times and recommend it. The hotel is well placed for many attractions and only a few minutes' walk from Euston station.The hotel is reasonably priced and offers clean, well appointed rooms. The on line booking system is easy to use and confirmation e-mails arrive promptly. Any queries are dealt with swiftly and efficiently by the reception employees, even in the evening.The breakfast is abundant, cooked to order and offers a wide choice to suit all appetites and tastes. Luggage can be left prior to or following your booking. Staff are very helpful and eager to please.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great location and really quiet	We stayed for three nights and were really satisfied. The room was big enough for three persons and well cleaned, the bathroom with a tub was also clean and big enough. OK, the furniture could use some improvements, but it´s London... The beds were rather hard and not especially comfortable.Nice breakfast room and great service. You can have both english and continental breakfast, I liked the scrambled eggs with salmon.The hotel is located near Russel square and is easy to get to. Lots of people on the streets, but really quiet.	
Oct 27 2009 	Disappointing and overpriced	My husband and I were looking forward to staying at this hotel. However, we were disappointed with the room which seemed like a single room although we booked a double. The rug on the floor was dirty and mildewed, the headboard of the bed was equally dirty and mildewed. The sheets were so worn and the blankets dirty. Aside from these inconveniences, the bed was pushed to one side of this small room so the person who slept on that side of the bed could not get off the bed comfortably. The shower stall was so tiny one could barely fit in it although we are small people. All in all this was not what we had anticipated for the price. However, we loved London and this will not prevent us from visiting again.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great location poor poor efforts at keeping up to date	This place has the best of locations. Bloomsbury is close to everything. It has a vibrant student populaltion, given it's proximity to London University. It has a new mall just blocks away with a drug store, grocery, starbucks and excellent restaurants. The surrounding area is alive with other excellent pubs and small eating places. The staff are fine and the breakfasts excellent. All of this cannot make up for a brutal lack of attention to cleanliness, and attention to amenities. We were so dissapointed after checking into our room. We last stayed here 15 years ago, and nothing has changed. The rooms are minute, which is understandable as it is a heritage building. However, the price of 110 pounds p/n certainly does warrant more attention to new bedding - the blankets were pilled and grungy, and I wouldn't allow the bedspread to be on the bed. The doorknob was falling off on the inside of our room. The lampshade and stool at the 'desk/vanity' were on their last legs. The rooms are 'tatty' to say the best, and what hot water is available seems to ebb and flow. The old rationalization ' well this is London and everything is expensive' doesn't mean you can walk away from looking after your guests. We will look elsewhere for our next trip.	
Sep 29 2009 	Had a great stay...	My husband, sister, and I booked 3 nights at this hotel. We were greeted by friendly staff. We were in room 22. Our room, while not huge, was certainly spacious enough for us and our luggage. We were able to put some of the luggage under the desk to make more floor space. We had two chairs near the window. We were in a triple room (one double/one single). The bathroom was spacious enough. Ample space for our toiletries. It was clean. We had a shower that was also a bathtub. The tub was a little narrow, but definitely managealbe. Breakfast was included. Lovely breakfast room with a good menu selection and fresh fruit. Staff was courteous. It was an easy 5 minute walk to the Russell Square tube station. Also a cute cat wandering around the hotel gave it a homey feel. They have a computer in the lounge that you can get on the internet with for a nominal charge. Would gladly stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	central and functional	We booked 3 nights at the Harlingford, but only stayed for 1 night. Starting with the positive aspects of this B&amp;B, it is in an excellent location, quiet and the breakfasts are very good with friendly and helpful staff serving in the breakfast room.We booked the family room as the doubles were fully booked. The room was tired, drab in poor decorative state and the carpet was stained. The padded headboard was also stained from plenty of use and very off-putting (we slept in the single beds). The blankets were old, coarse and well used and one of the pillow cases was stained. The sheets on the double bed were not double bed size and were too short to tuck in. The shower was tiny.The reception staff were indifferent and not the slightest concerned when we cancelled our 2nd and 3rd nights, 30 mins after checking in. At £130/night for the room, I would forego the excellent location for a more comfotable and cleaner hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Loved it!	We were a group of friends who went to London on our annual get-away. Based on the good reviews we decided this time to visit the Harlingford Hotel. We could not have been happier with the choice. The price is fairly reasonable for the area and compared to other hotels with the same standard. The reception area is light and friendly and includes a nice little lounge with comfy sofas (we were told by other guests that it is also fire in the little fireplace during the cold season!). Staff was very welcoming and especially the manager was very helpful during our stay. They know London and the area well and were always ready to help. The hotel is well situated and close to tube, busses and trains (St. Pancras). Being centrally situated, Russell Square is also a quiet and beautiful area, with numerous nice little parks (where we brought our lunch one day!) and plenty of restaurants. The rooms were lovely decorated especially the bathrooms were very delicate. The rooms had facilities so we could make ourselves a cup of coffee and tea along with a little snack.The breakfast was a real treat where we could order cooked food, our favourite was ‘Andrews special’; scrambled eggs and salmon. The kitchen staff was very friendly, and best off all; fresh coffee in press cans for each table!This is certainly a very well run and managed hotel with a brilliant ambiance and we will definitely be back again next year.	
Aug 24 2009 	Still good in my book	I have stayed here,once a year, for over 15 years.Always a good experience-not that I've had any special needs or requests.Rooms are clean,neat and small-smaller the higher in the building.No lifts or A/C. Never had a problem with interior or exterior noise,though first floor might be noisy in warm weather.Location, easily between King's X and Russell tube,is very good. Breakfast staff, service, meal and room are all great. The hotel's interior decoration re-design, no longer new, is still charming. Loved the staff cat. Facing Cartwright garden is a green asset. Until proven otherwise, where I stay in London and send friends.	
Aug 23 2009 	Great hotel - don't let them book you a mini-cab!	This was a great hotel, just around the corner from Euston. The rooms were great and bathrooms were very trendy (in comparison with the usual ensuite cupboards you get). Breakfast was lovely. However, I asked them to book us a mini-cab and a driver turned up with no badge or meter and charged us £13 for a trip which cost us £5.70 the next day in a black cab. I saw them call this 'driver' for someone else the next day. This is a naughty scam and such a shame because the hotel was great.	
Aug 16 2009 	Still Ok but did not match my last experience 4 years ago	I have stayed here 4 years ago and gave Harlingford good review to my friends. I used to consider Harlingford a super bed and breakfast when it was fresh from an interior design make over at that time. But this time when I stayed in August 2009, be it because my standards have changed or the hotel's posh redecoration has aged, I did not entirely enjoyed my stay.My 2nd floor street facing double room has garden view. But the room has also shown too much sign of wear and tear. The water pressure was too low for taking showers. The bed cover has dirt marks and I did not like sleeping with an old synthetic fabric blanket in bed. Given the prices of London hotel rooms have fallen down a bit I would look elsewhere the next time when I stay in London.	
Aug 5 2009 	family run feel	The Harlingford is a nice little Hotel almost with that family run feel, in a reasonably quiet crescent, just off the Euston road and 5 minutes walk from King's Cross and St. Pancras.The room we had was small but perfectly formed, clean with good decor with a purple theme and a comfy bed which didn't give me the back ache I get in some Hotels.We could get free WiFi, just ask Reception for the code.There was no bath, but fine, if like us, you like showers.Don't expect a lay in when it comes to having your breakfast, as they stop serving at 9, even on Sunday. Default is cooked English, but they have the usual selection of cereals and juices and the services is excellent.Would definitely consider staying here again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great for city break	We stayed for the weekend and it absolutely exceeded our expectation. The bad reviews really made its part. Staff was actually very friendly and helpful. You won't need to look for information centre. Location is one big plus and breakfast boosts for the day. Room was clean and neat, although it could use some improvements. We will definitely stay again when we come back to London.	
Aug 2 2009 	ruled by his time!	No complaints about the hotel. We had to leave the hotel early., to get a Eurostar connection. Advised the receptionist in the afternoon that we would need to leave early and we would like breakfast at 06.30 following morning. We came down from our room at about 06.10 to be met with a young man in his boxer shorts telling us we could not have breakfast then as we had booked it for 06.30. He was adamnant that we could not have our breakfast any earlier. I asked to see the owner of the hotel, the boys' attitude changed slightly. He opened the breakfast room and with ill grace put out the continental breakfast. He said he had a thing about time.... and he was right in his reaction to an early running breakfast. He had put his jeans on by then....... but what a sad inditement to a hotel they have to employ such ill mannerd youth	
Jul 22 2009 	Love it and keep coming back...	On our second trip to London, in 1996 we stayed at the Harlingford for the first time, and loved it. It was homey, clean and convenient to the Euston Tube /railroad station, Kings Cross railroad station, and close to the Russel Tube station. Very convenient, and always a warm welcome. We visit London every other year, and have stayed at the Harlingford every time. We have looked at other hotels, for comparison, and always come back to the Harlingford. They have done some redecorating since our first visit, but the homey feel and warm welcome remain. They also serve a very good hot breakfast, and are welcoming to families. A good value, too. Our last trip was April 2008, and we have just booked again for November, 2009. This will be our 8th stay at the Harlingford. Great little family run hotel with the B&amp;B feel.	
Jul 19 2009 	Excellent redesign clean comfortable warm and close to the tube	I stayed overnight in Cartwright Gardens about ten years ago and had 'just an ok' experience. However, I stayed at the Harlingford Hotel last night and was very impressed. The hotel has undergone a complete design transformation thanks to a local interior design specialist which has given it a fantastically modern look and feel. The bathroom was a real (pleasant) surprise and continues the exceptionally modern feel.Bedding was comfortable. Bathroom and bedroom were clean. Breakfast was reasonable to good with a cooked breakfast, fruit, hot cross buns and the usual juice etc. There are some parking spaces outside the building but the hotel has an agreement with or recommends parking at the nearby Holiday Inn. As with a number of the other rooms, room 21 has a view over Cartwright Gardens and the tennis courts - with a key for access if you fancy a walk or a game.Nearest tube is Russell Square - as you will see/have seen from the other reviews. This is a short five minute walk and there are a number of small shops nearby for all the usual essentials and anything you've forgotten to bring with you. Also a couple of pubs and the Brunswick - a small shopping centre with restaurants and (I think) a local Waitrose. Tesco Express is opposite the tube and one of the coffee chains nearby too. If you prefer to avoid the big chains, there are also a number of independent shops all the way up Marchmont Street from the tube to the hotel - so take your pick.Ultimately, if you're visiting London on a budget, then you could do a hell of a lot worse. Somebody on here was complaining about the rooms being small... let's get this in perspective... London hotel rooms are never big unless you are paying way over the odds - I've stayed at London hotels on business at twice the price of this one and the rooms were still the same size (and no nice view)!The photo is really just there to show that unlike many hotels I've stayed at, the rooms at the Harlingford do actually match the publicity photos that have been provided by the hotel. Difficult to get a sufficiently wide-angled shot to take in much of the room but gives you an idea.. enjoy!	
Jul 1 2009 	Surprisingly good!	A surprisingly good hotel in the centre of London! The recent revues could put some people off, but we were of the opinion that perhaps they were of the ''sour grapes'' kind, very petty and a bit vindictive. My partner and I have always treated hotel staff with respect and politness and have always been given what we have asked for, it works.The staff were good, the room - ok - a bit small, but clean and tidy and we recommend the breakfast!	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Visit	I've just had two wonderful visits to this hotel and could not find a thing to moan about, even the smallish rooms, like most in London, were clean and tidy.At first I was a bit nervous because of a couple of bad revues but when I was greeted by the staff I immendiately felt at ease and welcome.Yes the girls were of East European origin - didn't ask where - but they were polite and if I smiled they smiled right back.This maybe the problem other people have, in my experience if you talk to people the right way - might be something to do with manners and attitude - then you can get the best out of them.I needed a quieter room and though the hotel was quite full - a good indicator? - they found one just to my liking, even moved my bags during the day so I could go out sightseening and they were there when I got back.All the people I met were so nice, the house cat was cute too, and I guess it could really be down to how you treat the staff everywhere	
Jun 10 2009 	reception staff comp;aint	I am so upset at the request to have elderly people have their luggage taken to their room that I amwriting in person to the the owner, &quot;If youdon't like it ,go somewhere else&quot; and &quot;Do you think I can have someone hanging around all day just to carry your luggage&quot; Shocking! We have stayed before and loved it. Everything else was fine but unless this reception desk rudness is not addressed then never again.	
Jun 2 2009 	Ideal place to visit University	I took some time to choose hotel in Bloomsbury, area I did know well before this long weekend stay. We were welighted by the cosy small hotel with nice views, clean and tasteful rooms. Excellent fish &amp; chips restaurant so near, tube station not too far and fine shopping center even nearer. Breakfast is excellent and there is nice lounge to relax with magazines.	
May 30 2009 	so long harlingford this may be the last time	I've stayed at this hotel for the past 10 years and have been progressively dissapointed at various aspects. Most recently it was again the incredibly small size of some of the rooms and the sometimes-indifferent attitude of some of the staff. It really depends on who you get and what mood they are in! Seemingly staffed by young eastern-europeans these days, there is an air of casual indifference to the needs to travellers that gets worse every time I visit. This time I was told that if I wanted something printed out I had to go down the street to the internet cafe - all for one page, while their computer and printer sits there idle! The breakfast is good, the rooms are clean, the wifi works well in certain places and some staff members seem to be really good! I guess its a comparitive thing - there are hotels not too far away that offer more consistency for the same money. They also offers lifts - the steep stairs to top floor rooms that have to be negotiated with heavy bags are an aspect of London hotels that need to be swept away in the 21st century. The harlingford is not alone in this, but there are other options...The other problem is the lcoation opposite a university college. The students are fond of all night loud revelling and it is difficult to sleep with this on some occasions. There are quiteer rooms though that face away from the street.Banish the small rooms or make them really cheap. There is at least one that is as small as a large cupboard.	
May 23 2009 	Pleasant and convenient	We go to London almost every summer and have stayed here for the past several years. It's in a great, quiet location, just a few blocks from the Russell Square tube station (Piccadilly Line) and, in the other direction, close to the Euston-St. Pancras train station. The British Museum is an easy walk, and sometimes we've even walked back from theatres in the West End. There's a nice pub right around the corner. The rooms are small (what do you expect in Central London?) but pleasant, and the price is excellent for the location. Breakfast is very good and included in the room price.	
May 4 2009 	Comfortable Nice and in a Quiete aera 	I have spent 3 nights at the Harlingford. This hotel is comfortable, nice and in a quiete aera. Good location : St Pancras/Kings' cross is really close.And the breakfast is fabulous !!I think it is a good quality for the money I paid.	
Feb 8 2009 	homely harlingford	I stayed at the Harlingford for one night in January. The hotel was so good for central london. The public areas downstairs are great . There was a very nice breakfast room (breakfast was excellent, both buffet and a good cooked English). Also a lovely lounge with a fire and cat curled up on the comfy sofas, with magazines to read. The decor is modern and welcoming. My single room on the third floor (only a problem with luggage for the unfit) was very small but I expected no different for £85 in town. It was clean with a very nice little ensuite shower and loo. All perfectly adequate for me. I dislike impersonal big hotels so hunt around for personal service in non-chain places, and this ticked all the boxes. By the way, the Norfolk Arms pub a minutes walk away is a great London pub, good tapas and nice wine. What more could I have wanted!	
Dec 30 2008 	Unsafe and dishonest	We stayed two nights and enjoyed the hotel until we came back the second night to find that our room had been burglarized. The police came and we filled out a report. The owner apologized profusely and assured us that his insurance would take care of our losses (which amounted to around $800 worth of belongings and a passport). We stayed in a different room that night and the next morning at checkout were presented with a bill for both nights! We were asked to pay for the night that we were robbed! In a rush to get to the American Embassy to get a replacement passport, we begrudgingly paid the bill. The owner was not there at the time so we had no one with which to discuss the bill. We were in contact with the hotel staff several times after returning to the States. We were in contact with his insurance company several times, too. We left several messages for the owner, but never heard from him. We sent letters and e-mails. After four months his insurance company informed us that he did not have coverage for individual guests' belongings and that, in effect, was that. I can not tell you how disappointed we were to find that the owner ignored us after we left his hotel. it is even worse that we were charged for the night that we were robbed! Please do not give him any business as he does not really care about his guests!	
Oct 6 2008 	Not too bad for London	We weren't expecting much, given that London is so expensive and mid-range hotels have a certain reputation, but we felt reasonably comfortable at the Harlingford. The room was small and the decor a bit tired, but it was OK; bathroom was attractively tiled but also small. We liked the sitting room and free internet access but the best thing is the breakfast room (which looks onto a rather unglamorous &quot;park&quot;) as well as a very good breakfast, provided by happy Philippines people. Proximity to St Pancras was critical to us and we were surprised that central London was still within doable walking distance if you're looking for exercise. Seems quite peculiar not to have a lift in a hotel - must be difficult for staff, because it certainly is for guests having to lug their bags up the stairs, and we were only on the first floor. The stair carpet looks a bit tragic, as though someone has attempted to steam-clean it but the exercise has simply moved the marks around instead. Bad luck for the owner as it looks as though it would have been expensive carpet.	
Oct 1 2008	Happy with the Harlingford	I really liked the Harlingford Hotel. It’s in a terrific area and the hotel is immensely comfortable. Yes, the rooms are little and the showers are cramped and the bathrooms tiny, but everything is very nicely done, they make good use of the space and the whole place is absolutely spotless. My partner and I stayed in room 25 (with a double bed), and traveling with two BIG suitcases we found the room had enough space for us. The room has lots of nice little extras: tea and coffee facilities, free shortbread, hairdryer etc. The street is really nice and quiet at night. The whole area around the hotel is littered with great (and cheap!) restaurants, and some very nice pubs. I couldn’t recommend the Harlingford highly enough – it’s great value for the price (for London). Just stay there.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good location nice neighbourhood basic hotel	We came to London for just 36 hours to see an exhibition at Tate Modern, so we were looking for a decent and affordable hotel, nothing special. A friend told me to stay at Harlingford Hotel.The location is very good, only 3 mins from St.Pancras station where the Eurostar arrives, in a nice and (very) quiet neighbourhood, conveniently close to the underground, but we walked from the hotel to the Tate Modern (45 minutes). Also relatively close by is the vibrant Camden area with its restaurants, shops,... Hotel staff is friendly and efficient. Especially the people who serve breakfast are very kind! Our room (room 24), a standard double, was very small. In fact it must have been the smallest hotelroom I've ever stayed in, about 10-12 square meters. But it was clean. The bed was not comfortable, the bathroom very small but modern and clean. It was impossible to close the window completely, it needed to be repaired. I had mixed feelings with this room. 110 pounds (140 euro) was too much for this, or is this a normal price to London standards? I must admit that the last time I was in London, is about 12 years ago. The public areas in tjhe hotel gave a much better impression. Nice and authentic decorated, very well maintained and spotlessly clean. Breakfast, wich is included in the price, was very good. Enough choice from healthy and fresh stuff. If you're looking for a well-located, decent hotel, this could be a serious option, but it's not exactly what I would consider as a &quot;budgetfriendly&quot; choice. But does that exist in (central) London?	
Sep 4 2008 	Helped us in a crisis	I had initially sent a request to book at room at the Harlingford through a third party online, but then I worried the company might be unreliable (the website was based in Malaysia and seemed a bit dodgy,) so I immediately sent a follow-up saying I didn't need their services. I then contacted the Harlingford directly and booked a room.Imagine my surprise when I showed up, confirmation letter in hand, and discovered that they had no record of my reservation! Worse, they were completely full and had no rooms available. Only later did I discover that the Malaysian company had somehow canceled MY reservation, the one I had made personally. At the time it looked like it was the Harlingford's mistake, and I was truly impressed with how they handled it. The manager, who appeared very concerned about the situation, invited us to the sitting room and offered us something to drink. He then called around to all the other hotels in the area until he found us a room (at The Academy.) The part that really blew me away was when we were checking out the next morning and found out that the Harlingford had offered to pay for our room, too! By that time I had found out that it wasn't the Harlingford's mistake, so I insisted on settling the bill myself, but I was overwhelmed by the gesture.I never did get to spend the night at the Harlingford, so I can't comment on the rooms, but my brief encounter demonstrated just how seriously they take customer service. The staff was unusually helpful and considerate, and I hope that I have the opportunity to stay here properly sometime.	
Aug 21 2008 	How it should be done.	We booked this hotel on the basis of other reviews, so we were not surprised to find there was no lift, and a lot of stairs. However that was no problem, and after that everything was superb. Most hotels tell staff to smile, but few hotel workers manage the cheerful sincerity of the staff here. Our room was small, but clean and comfortable. We overlooked the gardens, and could see nothing but greenery from our window. The street is so quiet that we could sleep with the window open (no air con). There is a comfortable lounge, with an eclectic range of up-to-date magazines &amp; papers (management? or left by guests?). Breakfast is a choice of cereals, bowls of tinned fruit, pastries and fresh fruit, with &quot;full English&quot; or scrambled eggs with smoked salmon, both prepared to order, and beautifully presented, again by welcoming staff. Outstanding freshly made coffee!We will be back!	
Jul 18 2008 	Excellent Value in a Quiet Neighborhood	We stayed at the Harlingford while visiting the UK in late June. Knowing that hotel rooms are quite expensive in London, I booked early for our family group of 4. We stayed in a family room for two nights and enjoyed our quiet escape after long touring days in London. Located in Bloomsbury, on a quiet cresent street, we loved the homey neighborhood atmosphere for an excellent price. The closeness to the Tube was a huge advantage. Our room was small as expected for London but very comfortable. The bathroom was spotless. Our breakfast was promptly served in a classy, cute breakfast room and was delicious. Olga, at the front desk, was so helpful with all our questions. Highly recommended.	
Jul 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel Nice Staff	This is a nice, middle of the road hotel. Breakfast is fabulous - many wonderful and healthy things available; do get there before 9:00. Hotel rooms are small, but this is the case in most European cities. Staff friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful; we ordered takeout one night and they gave us dishes from the dinig room to use. There is no elevator, so if you cannot navigate flights of stairs please ask to stay in a basement room or one on the 2nd floor. Also, if you have trouble sleeping, you may want to consider having a room that looks out on the back courtyard (I wore earplugs &amp; an eye mask and had no trouble with a front-facing room). The hotel is in a terrific location, safe, easy to access tube, bus, British Museum etc. A lovely stay!	
Jul 17 2008 	Small but Friendly in a great Location	My mom and I stayed in this hotel just a few weeks ago and enjoyed our stay. It is a couple minutes walk away from the picadilly tube which runs through the main parts of London. The room was small, but not uncomforatable in the slightest because it had a nice window that opened up to the cartwright gardens square and that kept the room incredibly comfortable. My only complaint was that the shower was really small and the water pressure was nothing to brag about and for someone like me with thick hair it made it challenging to shower. At any rate, this hotel's location made it wonderfula s there is literally a pub right around the corner and down the street at the brunswick there are some great places to eat and, yes, there is even a Starbucks but be aware that it doesn't open until 7 o'clock am. Lastly, be prepared to haul your luggage up a few flights of stairs so try and do your best to pack light. Oh, and the breakfats there was great, eggs, bacon, cereal, etc... A lovely stay.	
May 30 2008 	Small Friendly Hotel	I was a 'walk in' at the Harlingford in May. I have been staying in London hotels for a number of years now and the overall quality &amp; size of rooms has always been an issue even in the larger 4 star etablishments.I decided on my last trip to find a small family hotel with a human dimension. I was not disappointed with the Harlingford.The 2 sets of reception staff I dealt with were friendly &amp; helpful. The restaurant staff were charming.The hotel is ideally situated in Bloomsbury near to Euston, King's X &amp; St Pancras. Bloomsbury is a great area with a real village feel with loads of good pubs &amp; restaurants. It is a short bus ride to the West End.The hotel building is an lovely early 19th century terrace building over looking a garden square and the breakfast room is very nicely decorated.The single room I was given was small and on the top floor but was quiet &amp; clean. I slept very well. The shower wasn't the greatest. There is a nice reading lounge on the ground floor that I used before turning in.Internet users can cross the road to a number of internet cafés.	
May 7 2008 	Not great!	We were very disappointed with this hotel. The specific ground floor room we had booked (on line, via phone and via email, with written confirmations) was occupied when we arrived and the hotel said they couldn't do anything about it! The room we ended up in was up 40 stairs! It was very small and dirty to boot. We had a seven day reservation and stayed only four until we found better and less expensive lodging. We would not stay here again. We can say, however, that the breakfasts were very good!	
Apr 1 2008	Our stay had pros and cons	The Harlingford Hotel was an average experience. Breakfast daily was the best. The room was small, as expected, and the carpets and bedspreads were filthy. The bathroom shower was so small that it was difficult to even rotate or turn around. The mattresses on the beds were soft and uncomfortable as if they needed replacement. No remote control for the television set was provided. Toilet paper ran out almost daily with no replacement rolls readily available unless you go to the desk. We tried to obtain even the simplest information from the desk regarding theatre and airline schedules with no success. The folks at the desk didn't even know where to begin to find out where to look on the internet. They do provide a computer in the lobby, but the cost is so high, you're better off across the street at the internet cafe. There is no elevator, so pack wisely, as you will be carrying your bags up the narrow stairs yourself. I would stay there again only with a substantial decrease in cost.	
Mar 24 2008	Would Come Back	Stayed overnight enroute to Paris via the EurostarHotel is ideally located both for Kings Cross and St Pancras and isalso close to several 1/2 decent restaraunts and pubs Cracking Breakfast All Staff Members were excellent and could not have been more helpful Only downside was the size of rooms and the Stairs which were a bit of a problemAll in all excellent value for money	
Mar 11 2008 	Decent hotel at a Decent Price	I booked this hotel at the recommendation of a magazine's article on places to stay in London. I was pleasantly surprised. Granted, your room will tend towards the smaller size, but what hotel room in London doesn't. The free breakfast was great and free WiFi in the lobby is also a big plus. Not many hotels offer that.The only downsides are - poor sound insulation on the windows. There were a group of party-goers singing outside the hotel on the first night and I had to listen to them until 1am. The other is that the shower head in my room was clogged to the point of only producing a mist. I was lucky and was able to unscrew the shower head in order to get a flow of water. My neighbor next-door was not so lucky and would have to stand in the shower for 30 minutes just to get wet. Granted neither of us brought this to the attention of the front desk, so we cannot vouch for their attention.The neither up nor down item is that there are no in-room safes. I have grown accustomed to this in the UK and was disappointed that there wasn't one.	
Dec 5 2007	Decent enough	The Harlingford is nice enough. London is super expensive, so I guess you get what you pay for. The breakfast room is lovely, breakfast is great. However, it would be nice if they didn't squeeze everyone into a very early 90 minute window. The lounge area is as nice as I remember it. Then you go upstairs, and after staying at the Harlingford a few years ago... the halls and the rooms (at least my double) are a bit worn. The hotel could stand to spruce itself up a bit - having chipped walls and dirty carpets and stained comforters is just unnecessary. It was indeed a bit fresher a few years ago, and the staff this time seemed very attractive and not entirely helpful. So I'm not sure what exactly they're going for here...That said, the hotel is a rather nice but long 20 minute walk to the West End, and the area is quiet and lovely. A mixed bag. If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would... but it doesn't make it to 4.	
Dec 5 2007	Good hotel for price and location	Some people sure are picky. This hotel is perfectly fine, I dare say even quite nice. The desk staff may not provide concierge service but it's a very reasonably priced hotel for London. The staff is very pleasant and friendly, especially the breakfast staff. The breakfast was great. There's a nice lounge area on the ground floor. Compared to many other London and European hotels in this price range, the rooms are very nice and not that tiny. My double room had the beds on opposite sides of the room. A welcome change since I was traveling with a friend, not a significant other. Most importantly, the location is great. Walking distance to lots without being loud and busy. This is my favorite London neighborhood. If you want a bigger room and a more hotel-like experience you could stay in Bayswater but why would you want to?	
Oct 18 2007 	Harlingford is still just fine	There have been a few unfavorable reviews on this site lately suggesting that the Harlingford had gone downhill in cleanliness and friendliness. After talking to a manager, however, I booked for six nights -- October 5-11, 2007 -- and am pleased to report that it's just fine.Yes, the rooms are not overly spacious, but this is Europe, after all. Expectations are not the same as they are in the States. For 99GBP per night you could get a lot smaller.I found every part of the hotel spotless and in good repair and will continue to recommend it to my friends and readers of my travel books. The staff was professional, if not jolly, and that's fine. Requests were handled efficiently and people were pleasant. My favorite room in the hotel (room 20) faces the street and has two big windows. Even though are not double-glazed, the room was quiet, despite roadworks outside and the presence of a pub around the corner. There was an electric fan in the room -- an unusual touch -- that keeps the room from being stuffy and provides a bit of white noise at night.They could be a bit more flexible, as they used to be, in letting early-arrival victims of transatlantic flights into their rooms a little before the official 1 o'clock check-in time, however.But that small grumble notwithstanding, I will happily book in at the Harlingford next time I'm in London.	
Oct 10 2007 	Somewhat deceptive website	This hotel was clean enough, but the room itself was extremely small and plain. Incongruously, the bathroom was very nice and looked liked some of the design featured on the hotel's site, which we felt was generally deceptive. We stayed for 2 nights to attend a wedding. I would feel very sorry for anyone who came for abroad for a longer stay, or London holiday on the basis of having seen the website, to receive a room like ours. The communal spaces were clean and attractive. The breakfast was OK, but we felt they could have been served until later (9am finish is rather early, especially on a Sunday). Fried breakfasts were rather small.	
Oct 1 2007	Just what we needed	We at the last minute booked this hotel, transfering from the &quot;dive&quot; (the Hotel George) next door. The staff was fantastic in this newly redone hotel, pleasant and helpful with any need we had, information, booking taxi service., etc. The rooms clean and fresh, and of good size. Breakfast was terrific, and staff at breakfast service a delight.For the price - it can not be beat - great location.	
Sep 17 2007 	Mixed Feelings	Great breakfast, great location (very close to the tube) in a funky non-touristy neighborhood. However: you can get a third floor walk up room, so if you don't want to take that hike, ask for a lower floor. And, the rooms are extremely small. We had a family of three in a room (2 adults, one 13 year old), and it was extremely tight. I don't recommend a room that small for three people. My wife stayed on in a single after my daughter and I left, and she had no complaints. The single was small, but adequate. This is not a fancy hotel - it really is more like a B&amp;B.	
Aug 8 2007 	Your better off somewhere else!	My family and I were planning on staying at this hotel for three days before we went back home to the states. There were four of us, so we decided to rent a quad room. On arrival, we found that they had rented out all the quads (even though we had booked one months in advance) and that we would have to stay in a 1 double and 1 single bed room with no place for our forth person and four bags. They at first let us have another room for free (which was also i double and 1 single), but were hesitant because it &quot;had leaks&quot;. the next day we asked if we could please stay in the leaky room because it was larger and had more roomfor the four of us. They declined, saying that a guest had &quot;specificaly rented it&quot; although yesterday they said it was leaky. The manager was even rude enough to say that it would be best that we &quot;pack up our bags and leave&quot;, but unfortunately there were no other vacancies in every hotel we called. So, we were forced to stay in the small 3 person room with 4 people and 4 bags. Our 4th person had to sleep on the floor because they did not want to carry a cot up the stairs. (The stairs are very narrow and steep. There is also NO LIFT. Its really hard to get suitcases up) One positive thing was the breakfast, but then again, almost all of the hotels in cartwright gardens do!	
Aug 6 2007 	things have changed there; it was a big disappointment	We have stayed at the Harlingford five times in the last five years and have always looked forward to it, but things have changed. Our last visit was a big disappointment. Our guaranteed reservation made months in advance was not honored and other make-shift arrangements had to be made. We returned from a day out to find our room door ajar, a serious security breach. Our room was not serviced during our last three day stay. Fresh linens, and enough for all of us, needed to be requested and were old and tattered. Blankets were also old and worn. A window pane was broken with half of it missing and we were told by staff that the repairman would not be coming for 6 weeks (Unbelievable!) We were shocked to see how both services and amenities had declined. In the past we have recommended the Harlingford to friends, but do not feel comfortable doing that any longer. We also continue to read glowing reviews in guidebooks and on this site but they are no longer accurate. It is a shame that the Harlingford has fallen into such a decline. It is in a great location and we have memories of better times and how it could be.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great place great staff	I did lots of research looking for clean hotels near tourist spots in London that weren't out of sight expensive. Harlingford was a hit. The building and location were charming, more than we had hoped. Ivy covers the building's facade, and they've recently updated the interior. Bloomsbury is quiet and a quick tube ride from everything. Breakfasts were hearty, and - best of all - the Australian girl and New Zealand guy working the desk were great fun to chat with and very friendly and helpful. The room was small, but this is London, and it served its purpose - a clean place to sleep and rest up.	
Jun 17 2007	Home away from home	After a long flight from the U.S it was really nice to arrive in a hotel and feel so welcome. The 2 aussie girls that worked in reception were really helpful and nothing was a ever a problem. In the evening the night porter was always up for a friendly chat. They all had really good knowlege of the local area and advised of great places to eat.The hotel is centrally located in russell square with 3 major tube lines only blocks away.The rooms were always clean and the breakfast was incredible, more than i was expecting from a b and b.The harlingford really is value for money and in a great location. I will certainly be returning here on my next visit to london.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great location and breakfast	We started our European vacation at this hotel and ended it here 3 weeks later. The location is great - just a couple blocks from the Russell Square underground station which is only a few stops away from everything you want (Covent Gardens, Picadilly Circus, etc.) The neighborhood is quiet with minimal traffic, across the street from a park, and once the pub on the corner closes, it is silent for sleeping. The rooms are clean, and yes, very small - but for us a room is only for sleeping (the beds were very comfortable). Who wants to spend time in a room anyway when you are in London? The breakfast was great, however, we didn't realize just how good until our return and having had so many awful breakfasts elsewhere throughout Europe. This is a full breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausage, toast) as well as a buffet with yogurt, fruits, juices, a variety of cereals and pastries. Also, a bottomless cup of coffee, which is hard to find elsewhere.	
Jun 2 2007 	rundo not walk away from this hotel	We arrived at 9pm after a day flight from Boston to be greeted by a monosyllabic desk clerk who pointed to a small stairway leading downstairs. There was no offer to help with the bags. The stairs led to a very small hall in the basement off of which there were three doors, one which led to our room. The greenish carpet was covered with stains. The room smelled slightly damp. The shower head in the very very small bathroom leaked so that only a trickle of water was to be had for a shower. When mentioning this to the desk clerk, we were told that there was no one at the hotel to maintain it and that &quot; they only come around to fix things every 6 weeks&quot;. One positive note. The breakfasts were ample and the breakfast room was clean. If we had stayed in London longer than 2 days, I would have gotten another hotel.	
Jun 2 2007 	Harlingford Hotel	I booked this hotel becuase it was highlighted in Budget Travel Magazine. Unfortunately, it was a disappointment. They said the rooms are small, and the singles really are small. My room was in the back and little bit bigger and a lot quieter than my travel buddy who's room was on the street side. The customer service was also surprisingly bad. I am usually a very positive and accommodating traveler, but really was disappointed at the reception I got at the main desk. The location is walking distance to the British Museum in Bloomsbury and near several pubs.	
May 29 2007 	Terrific Place to Stay	Wanted to post this positive review of a gem of a B&amp;B. having just returned from 8 glorious days in London with family (two college aged sons). I will certainly return back to the Harlingford. It was welcoming especially with the super friendly Aussie girls behind the desk and not to forget dear Steve who also was wonderful to talk to- he was host #2, Host #1 being Andrew, the owner, whom we shared great conversation with. We were made to feel welcome there from the start! Our room was on the second floor and totally clean and spiffy. I was a bit worried having read the negative review on this site here a couple of weeks before we left on our trip. However with 99 percent of good reviews for this lovely B&amp;B , I know we did well staying here. Bathroom was very nice, small did not matter. It was well cleaned every day. Breakfast was a delight every morning with a view out ivy covered windows into the park across the street. The only minor inconvenience was the street torn up so antiquated water pipes could be replaced. Did not have any noise to bother us from work outside. The worst noise came from husband snoring (bring ear plugs :)The local restaurants and pubs were all great. The Lord Cornwall Pub two blocks down street served a great lunch/dinner. The Indian restaurants both on Marchmond and across street were great - as well as the Chinese. Did not get to the North Sea Fish place - but next time...fish was great at the Cornwall...there is a haunted pub down in the alley behind the tube station-nice ambiance there...the grocery store and the smaller grocers just around the corner were very adequate for minor needs. All in all - good place in a good location!	
May 2 2007 	A real find	2 friends and I stayed here for the w/end and had a very enjoyable stay. The location of the hotel is fantastic, a few minutes walk from Russell Sq tube, which means you're really in the center of London. Bloomsbury is a lovely part of London, it feels pretty safe and there are a few bars, cafes and restaurants close to the hotel. You are also walking distance from the British Museum and Soho/West End is about a half hour walk away [for those who don't like the tube]The room was small, but clean and with a nice bathroom. It was more than adequate as a place to sleep.The breakfast was great, plenty of it and decent coffee!I think with this hotel you stand to get a good deal. The standard of room and the location at the price is great, and unless you can afford to spend 2 or 3 times more you'll struggle to get a better hotel in this part of London. It is worth remembering that London is an expensive city to stay.I will stay here again.	
Apr 9 2007 	horrible the worst!	I did my homework. It was recommended in my travelguide, and the website photos of the hotel shows a great place! I have travelled quite a lot, around africa and southamerica, northamerica, france and the uk, so I am not picky as long as the place is clean and decent, but what the webpage shows is much more than that. I was happy with my reservation, and then I looked for the reviews in tripadvisor. They were good, and the pictures from people who stayed there showed a nice place.But then I get there and what do I see? The bedlining broken, everything dirty (and when I say dirty i mean DIRTY), including the bedcloths, the bathroom door broken, the doors walls painting falling to pieces... I could simply not believe it. I talked to the owner and asked for a different bedroom, and he comes in the room with a dog that starts jumping up and down the beds (two twins even though I had booked a double), while he laughs at it, and says: It is easter, you are not goint to get another room anywhere, and I do not have other room for you, or made anydiscount....It was the most disgusting experience ever, the day after I went into the euro hotel, in the same street: what an amazing difference it made!!!!!! and cheaper! From the photos of other people I imagine that if the hotel is not full you might get a decent room, but what we got: I call that fraud!!!!!	
Mar 25 2007 	A Bloomsbury Find	Our family spent four days in London over spring break. With two kids we booked the room with three beds. Our room was 110 pounds per night and it included a hearty breakfast. The location is excellent for sightseeing as it is located close to the Underground lines. The room was small but cozy. The staff was friendly but were not much help in giving restaurant or other recommendations. There are several restaurants within a block or two of the hotel and there was a handy grocery store right around the corner.	
Dec 5 2006 	I would stay there again. It was not exellent but more than OK.	Pros:1: The hotel is located in a nice area in central London. 2: The room was small, but nice (we spent most of the time in bed anyway). 3: The bathroom was cute 4: The breakfast was good, the staff were nicely dressed and the service was good. 5: our room was cleaned every dayCons:1: No elevator (I'm healthy, so no problem) 2: When people talked in the hallways it felt like they was in our room (it did'nt bother me). Overall conclusion:I liked the hotel. I did not expect the finest hotel for 99pound a night, and also I did not get it. I hoped it would be ok, and really it was more than ok. Other places I would expect to get more for 99pound, but in central London I figure that the price aint that bad. Maybe I will try to find a cheaper hotel or a B&amp;B next time I'm in London, but really I would enjoy staying at the Harlingford hotel again.	
Nov 24 2006 	OK but disappointed	Well, the room was rather on the small side, but nice and quiet. The location is OK, but the staff didn't seem to have any idea of nice places to eat close to the hotel. Breakfast was good though, and everyone was pleasant enough.£99 for a small (tiny) double bedroom makes me wonder if it is value for money. you get what you pay for, London is rather expensive anyway, but you can get better value elsewhere.	
Nov 22 2006	Worth staying at	We had stayed at this hotel in 2000 and were here again in 2006, though just one night. We contacted the hotel directly and asked for a room overlooking the street and on the first floor, if possible. We got exactly that.The hotel has been remodeled and we were more than satisfied with our large and comfortable room, from which we had a view of the nice crescent. Also, as was the case during our first stay, the English breakfast was very good.This hotel was worth every pound we paid.	
Jun 13 2006	Second Visit as Good as the First	April 2006 was our second stay at the Harlingford and I would stay a third time (First visit was May 2004). We stayed three nights. We had a triple room. It is a very good value, especially for families who want to stay in central London. Yes the room and bath are somewhat small, but sufficient. The hotel was remodelled recently with pleasant and interesting decor, but is starting to show a little wear again. So, it doesn't look quite as nice as their web site may appear. But the rooms are definitely clean and in generally good shape. Also, as noted elsewhere the TV reception is not particularly good.The breakfast is very good. There is a choice of cereals, fruit, juice, etc. followed by your choice of eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, etc. The dining room is pleasent with large windows looking out onto the street. The service was consistantly good and friendly. We never felt rushed or anything.If you are arriving or departing Heathrow, I strongly recommend that instead of wasting your money on the &quot;Heathrow Express&quot; just take the Picadilly line from the airport all the way to Russell Square. In the end, it will take the same amount of time (one hour) and cost much less. A one day travel card that covers all six zones (will get you from the airport to the hotel) is just over six pounds for off peak (non-rush hours). And kids are only one pound.Besides the handy food stores and inexpensive restaraunts there in a laundrette right arount the corner.I was sorry to read the review of the person who was robbed, but the front door is locked all of the time. You are given a key or they buzz you in. The neighborhood is pretty good. There are actually several hotels clustered together on the street. So, it did generally appear safe.	
May 22 2006 	Worth considering	I stayed for one night (a Friday) and it just about matched my expectations. I payed £85 bed and breadfast. The room was rather small, the television was small and TV reception was rather poor. It was on the third floor with no lift up some quite steep stairs, which many people would find really off-putting, so I would advise anyone to check on this when booking. It was clean enough. Staff were friendly. The breakfast was excellent. The location is good. It's handy for Euston, Kings Cross and St Pancras Stations. It's within easy distance of The British Museum and the West End. The nearby student accomodation could put some people off, as it was a bit noisy late on. On the other hand, it would make an excellent centre for visiting a range of wonderful pubs in the immediate area. And one of the best remainedered/second hand bookshops I know is just around the corner. So - a lot of offer, at a reasonable price, with only slight drawbacks.	
May 14 2006	It's just Okay	I had a 10-night stay earlier this month. My room was on the 2nd floor (3rd floor for the Americans) faced the front of the building and was average - double bed, desk/dresser with a stool, one wardrobe, 2 chairs, separate bathroom that was decently sized.Good stuff1. Breakfast is very generous with your choice of a full English or cereals, fruits, croissants.2. Within shouting distance of the British Library and a nice easy walk to the British Museum then the West End3. Tesco Express just down the road across from the Russell Square Tube Station4. Towels and sheets were changed dailyNot So Good Stuff1. There are no screens on the window in the bedroom and in the bathroom so bugs get in2. There are no drawers in the room so you either have to store your underwear in your suitcase or stick it on the shelf under the desk/dresser. The desk/dresser has a door behind which is one shelf that divides this under-the-desk space into 2; a portable fan was stored on the bottom shelf leaving on the top shelf as a place to put your things.3. The latch on both windows did not work so if you want to keep the cold air out, the windows fall open from the top.4. There is a student dormitory diagonally across the road and the students can get loud after the pubs close at 11.5. Insufficient number of hangars in the wardrobe. I had to ask for more - lots more since I had no drawers to store some of my clothes. Note, that some wardrobes have shelves built in so that solves some storage problems.6. TV was limited to 5 terrestrial channels only, no cable; TV was only a 13 inch deal. I wasn't there to watch television but it would have been nice to have a wider choice of channels at night or in the morning.I don't know when the hotel was redecorated but it could use with a spruce-up; it's looking a bit dingy and tired.	
May 12 2006	Good budget choice in London	My family of four stayed at the Harlingford Hotel for four nights at the end of our three-week holiday in Scotland and England. Our children are 12 and 9. We chose this hotel as a result of reviews on this site and we were pleased overall with this hotel. The price was reasonable (for London!), the breakfast was hearty and very good, and the location was good - a quick three to five block walk through a nice neighbourhood to your choice of three different tube stations. We had a family room on the top floor and although we knew there was no elevator in the hotel, it was more difficult than we expected to haul our bags up those stairs which got narrower and narrower, the higher we climbed. The room was laughably small, the bathroom was even smaller and the shower stall was the smallest I have ever used...but we just used the hotel to sleep in and we were so tired at the end of each day of sightseeing and shows, etc. that we just fell into bed each night...But it was clean and freshly painted and the staff was very nice. All in all, we would stay here again.	
May 9 2006	Our Room was Robbed Here	On our last night at the Harlingford (October 2005), our room was robbed. (There were no safes available, and the windows in our room did not lock.) After we discovered our room was robbed, the owner was very nice and assured us that his insurance policy would cover our losses. We made the required report to the London Metropolitan Police (they were very slow to show up.) Upon check-out the next morning, the owner was not available and the desk clerk told us we had to pay the full room charges. It now has been over six months and despite repeated e-mails and phone calls to the Harlingford, we have not received any response from the owner. We received an e-mail from the hotel's insurance company saying that the policy does not cover losses of hotel guests' property. The desk clerks e-mail respond to our e-mails and tell us that they will pass the message on to the owner. Stay at this hotel at your own risk.	
Apr 7 2006	Great Value	My wife, myself and 2 kids stayed on the top floor in a room for 4. While it was cramped and the bathroom was small and the shower VERY small, the location and price made this a great value. The space was not a big issue as we were out most of the day and evening. The breakfast was included and it was very filling. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There was no air conditioning, but the room did not get very warm. There also was no noise problem and we had no trouble sleeping.	
Dec 14 2005	Simply Perfect	my second time at the harlingford and the staff couldn't have been sweeter, specially since my traveling companion was the complainey type.people who want a big american hotel should go to florida...if you want to explore the europe you should stay in cute little hotels like the harlingford. its central, its very clean, its charming and has a fabulous breakfast (just a bit early for a person on vacation, but at least its gets me up and out early).really lovely. enough said.	
Nov 12 2005	Great place to stay	My husband and I stayed at the Harlingford for 4 nights in early November. This was our first time in London, and the hotel met all of our expectations. The staff are warm, friendly and very accomodating. (They often did &quot;google&quot; searches for answers to my questions on such things as special events or the weather..) The breakfast is fantastic, and so filling there is no need for lunch. You can choose between a full English or continental, and will fill special requests such as porridge, etc. The hotel itself we found to be quaint and charming. Our room, number 328, was nicely furnished with a double bed complete with beautiful hanging scarves, fireplace (not operational), desk, tv, nightstand and armoire. The bathroom was small, but not miniscule and was spotlessly clean. It included a hairdryer. The linen was not changed daily but the bed was made, towels replaced, and the room tidied. The hotel is very secure and only about a 3 minute walk from the Russell square tube. The streets are all very level and very good for rolling around a wheeled suitcase! As for previous reviews that the area is seedy, we thought that Bloomsbury was great. The Picadilly line is very convenient as it comes straight from the airport with no transfers,and is a bargain at the price. The area is highly populated by students, and the prices in the surrounding restaurants reflect that. We ate several times in a pub down the street named the Goose, and found the food to be hearty and best of all, cheap. There is also very good Indian and Chinese only one block down. One of the best &quot;chippies&quot; in London is on the same street, and all have fantastic prices. Several times during the trip we would find ourselves in ritzier areas of the city and waited to be back in our neighborhood to avail of the cheap prices for dinner. There is a 24 hour supermarket right outside the Russell tube stop to fill your every need. We highly recommend this hotel and found the staff to be excellent, and the location extremely convenient.We would gladly stay again.ps: Get an unlimited card for the tube at Heathrow at the information desks just outside the subway gates. They will save you the hassle of paying for every ride, and you will find yourself wandering to places you might not expect because it's free!And the Tower of London is worth the 14.50 sterling...go and plan to be several hours.	
Oct 21 2005	Mixed bag	We stayed as a family of four in a quad room for 5 nights in September 2005. Our initial shock on entering the very small room was only exceeded when we opened the bathroom door. With two teenagers this was not going to work! We approached the manager to see if he could help solve our dilemma, and to his credit, he helped provide a reasonable alternative for us. The rooms are a little tired but clean, which is a plus for two star hotels in London.The staff were accomodating and helpful, although our request for a good local dinner spot didn't really work. Agree with other reveiwers that the breakfast is great value, and the nightly price was good. Don't think I would choose to stay in Bloomsbury again, as it's moderately seedy up that end, even though the Russell Tube station is close by and convenient.	
Oct 3 2005	I really don't know	I really don't know what to say about this hotel. I had booked it for 3 nights for myself, husband and four year old daughter, based upon the great reviews it got at this website and the very nice pictures at the hotel website. oh, how pictures can be deceiving...We got a very small, depressing triple room with literally a cardboard door to smallest bathroom I have ever seen. But okay, we unpacked and went out for dinner. When we came back at night our daughter fell asleep immediately, but we were unable to sleep. The wall between the rooms were paper thin and you could hear everything. It was cold, noisy and depressing, and at half past twelwe in the night we gave up, called the Royal Horseguards Hotel and got an Executive River View room for the same rate (110 GBP) as the triple room at Harlingford. The RHG saved our holiday! The only good thing about the Harlingford was the staff, they were really helpful and friendly and there was no problem in us leaving before time. Plus they have a very nice and cosy living room at the ground floor, in which you can sit and read or have tea.I guess you get what you pay for and 110 GBP for a triple room is not that expensive in London, but it pays to shop around and even though it was very inconvenient and a bit hard to our daughter to move hotel, we were so glad we did.	
Apr 22 2005	Nice little place to stay	We stayed here for 3 nights and it was a great location. Close to the Underground (subway), which made travelling quite easy. Breakfast was included which was quite filling. The people working there were very nice and hospitable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We had a comfortable sized room for 3 people. The bathroom with shower was somewhat small but at least we had a shower. We were up on the top floor of the building with no elevators but that did not bother us. The photo of the backyard shows a fountain with goldfish. We didnt venture out but not a concern to us either. We came to visit other sites. Since our room was at the back of the hotel it was really pretty quiet. Overall, money well spent.	
Mar 28 2005	A good value- very satisfied!	We were in London for Spring Break, March 2005. We stayed at the Harlingford Hotel. The hotel is located in the Bloomsbury area, a quiet residential neighborhood with great access to the Underground (Russell Square station), and close proximity to the British Museum and restaurants. If you are looking to save some money, yet enjoy a pleasant stay, this is a good hotel. I first learned about it through Conde Naste magazine, ... but I didn't decide to stay there until I read the many good reviews it received on Trip Advisor. Harlingford is a very typical English hotel, similar to what you would find outside of London. The rooms have been renovated, however, they are small. Ask for an upper floor room. We were on the back of the hotel- where the view is not the greatest, but it is more quiet. Be aware that the hotel does not have air conditioning (typical for many hotels) so if you will be there in summer, this could be a problem. The staff was friendly and attentive. I made my reservations online and the staff was excellent with email communication / confirmations. The full English breakfast was fabulous! The dining room was roomy, and bright with big windows facing the park across the street. While it is an older building, the floors creak, and doors slam, it was for the most part very quiet. There are little grocery shops nearby and lots of good restaurants and pubs to choose from (cheaper than London downtown prices). Overall we were very pleased with our stay. I was reluctant before we arrived because when it comes to budget hotels I am a firm believer in &quot;you get what you pay for.&quot; This was not the case. We would have payed significantly more for a chain hotel, plus dog pile the 18% VAT and the cost of breakfast. I would stay at Harlingford again, and would recommend it to others. Good luck and enjoy London!	
Mar 28 2005	small basic rooms	We got a Twin room. Room fits two beds and 3m² of free space. Small and basic rooms. The (shower) bathroom is quite nice.Good location. Regualar value for money at 95£.	
Mar 24 2005	I would return in a minute	Our family of four just got back from a 6 night stay here and it was great. The room wasn't big but that is to be expected overseas unless you pay a great deal more. The staff was extemely helpful both at the desk and in the dining room. The breakfasts were very tasty and well presented. I wished it had an internet connection but maybe it better to be disconneted for awhile as well. The place was very clean. I talked with the owner more than once and he is a very nice man. Honest, sincere and the staff morale reflects his leadership. The location is great. Only 2.5 blocks from Russell Square tube and 3 blocks from Kings Cross train station. Also there is a good selection of restaurants and pubs in the area. You can't miss if you pick the Harlingford.	
Mar 17 2005	Good value for money	Stayed in a family room (2 twins and a double bed). Good location - 7 ninutes to Russell Square or Euston tube stations. Room was surprisingly roomy, although bathroom was small. Good breakfast - good value for money at 110 pounds. Would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 18 2005 	Always a pleasant stay	I always stay here when I am in London on business (which is often) and it is certainly my favourite hotel to stay at. The staff are unfailingly helpful and polite, the breakfast good, and the rooms clean and pleasant.Some rooms are certainly nicer than others, though - the ground floor is probably the best.However, I have never stayed here with my girlfriend, so can't comment on what it may be like for a romantic break...	
Dec 18 2004	would return	Perhaps the nicest of the half-dozen hotels on the Cartwright Gardens crescent. Remodeled relatively recently, attractive public rooms, outstanding breakfast. The rooms can be tiny, even by London standards, but mine was clean and well-appointed (a bit like a Toyko apartment, everything in miniature). The bathroom was fine. And one normally doesn't spend a lot of time in one's hotel room while in London. Great location for the British Library, University of London, and British Museum. Russell Square tube stop is about a ten-minute walk. However, apart from a couple of decent Indian restaurants and the good but overpriced North Sea Fish, there's not much to choose from in the immediate vicinity, and the staff, while pleasant, were not particularly knowledgeable. I was there in late March. It was unseasonably cold, but the profusion of flowers on the tables, in planters in the windows, in the garden, was cheering.	
Oct 20 2004	Great little place to stay	After digging through countless London hotel reviews and wanting to avoid overpaying for lousy accommodations (some of my first choices among 4 star hotels received terrible reviews) I settled on the Harlingford in Bloomsbury. I'm not sure how I found this specific hotel among all the other possibilities, but once I had the name and matched it with a favorable review in the Washington Post, I made a reservation.So, the Harlingford is convenient to Russell Square and the British Museum. It's on a fairly quite street, just don't let the hideously ugly concrete apartment block you'll pass down the street scare you off. The rooms are small (typical of many facilities crafted from Georgian row houses) but quite nice and stylish. The bathroom was also rather small but very functional. It also boasted new tile, fixtures, etc. Think W Hotel meets Fawlty Towers. The staff was friendly and pleasant. Plus, a traditional English breakfast is included in the price.Overall, a great deal, especially if you're willing to try something other than the cookie cutter hotels and motels most Americans are used to in the States.	
Oct 13 2004	I loved it	I stayed at the Harlingford for 5 nights in mid September. Although the room was small it was great. We had a view of the park and the bathroom was immaculate. It has obviously been refurbished. Look for a cheapish hotel in such a good location I thought it was great. The staff couldn't do enough to help. The room was always cleaned immaculately and the front desk staff were lovely.I loved the location as it was not noisy and on a good line for the Tube. It's a shortish walk and with the museum being close by all the touristy open-topped buses are close by too.The breakfasts are great and there is tonnes to eat. We ate so much that we didn't need lunch and always snuck some fruit out as well to keep in our bags during the day.I would stay there again in a heart beat as I think it was good value for money.	
Jul 18 2004	OK for the price	We just spent four days at the HH. I concur with the views of most of the other reviewers on most points. The location is great if you want to be in Bloomsbury and near Soho. Access to the tube was adequate, as well as to the express bus to Heathrow, which was a five minute walk away. The staff was friendly and accomodating. At first we were given a basement room which overlooked a stack of black plastic bags with the days garbage. We asked to switch rooms. Since the hotel was full, there was a lot of manipulation that had to occur before we were given a chance to move to a larger room on the second floor the next day. This was generally a big improvement, since the basement room, was quite depressing. The room on the second floor had high a high ceiling and floor to ceiling window that overlooked the Crescent. It was much nicer.My only real beef is the level of housekeeping at the hotel, which is something that can be changed with a little management attention. In our first room, the shower kept on overflowing the banks of the pan. When I investigated, it appeared that the drain was clogged with about a year's worth of hair and soap scum. I removed the surface block myself ( which was a quite unpleasant task) and reported the problem to the management. If they had a steady maintenance program with a little Liquid Plumber, this should not have occurred. Also, I noticed that in both rooms, the walls, hallways, coffee pot, etc. were somewhat grimy. Although the decor is modern and trendy, it looks as if it is not being well maintained. A little repainting and greater attention to hygiene would go a long way to keeping the look fresh. Nothing is worse than a modern design statement when it gets shabby.	
Jun 22 2004	Pleasant enough	We stayed for 2 nights at Harlingford, and found some positives and negatives with staying here. Upon arrival (at 9 am) the staff was kind enough to let us store our luggage in the breakfast room until check in time at 1. At 1, our room was ready, however it was a twin when I had requested a double. I'd booked online and they showed me where on their booking it said twin, but on mine it said double. The manager was very friendly and switched our room immediately, but I think we were lucky that a room was available to switch, the hotel seemed pretty full. The original twin room was on the basement level, dark, teeny-tiny, looked out onto a wall and smelled like an ashtray. We would have stayed, but the review might not have been as good. The double room was on the fourth floor, (it was actually a triple) and was much larger, brighter, open window looking out onto the street below. It was a stylish room, but not as clean as I prefer. There was a fan and a nice breeze from our 4th floor vantange point but no airconditioning, so I would be wary in the hotter months. Bathroom was average, could have been cleaner I don't think we got one of the remodeled ones.There is no elevator, so those with lots of luggage/small children/etc should request a room accordingly. Though our room was on the fourth floor, we walked up 6 flight to get there. I don't know how that worked, but it was a definite workout w/the luggage.Breakfast was the highlight of the hotel, it's included in the price and the breakfast room is just lovely. The food was excellent, my husband and I didn't try the hot English breakfast but a couple at the table next to us did and it looked yummy. Between us we has toast, jams, cereal, croissants, cheese, fresh juice and fruit. Everything was fantastic. The hotel was a few blocks from Russel Square tube stop, through some busy, cute streets. Other than the British Museum and British library, which is a short walk away, the major sights require a ride on the underground. There are many little restaurants nearby, all affordable, lots of shops, lots of college aids kids (i think there's a university nearby) not a huge amt of tourists, but enough. Were it not for the great staff and the wonderful breakfast, the hotel would be totally average, and in a bad room might spiral down to below average. Since all rooms are not created equal here, asking for exactly what you want (remodeled bathroom, which floor, which view, size etc) might be the smartest thing. 	
Jun 5 2004	Wonderful Stay	We just returned from a weeklong stay at the Harlingford and were completely satisfied with the hotel, which met or exceeded our expectations in virtually every way.After arriving in the morning before checkout time, the hotel was happy to let us stow our bags in the dining area, which is only open for the free English breakfast from 7:30 a.m. to 9 a.m. We arrived back precisely at the 1 p.m. checkin time and our room was ready to go.The room was exactly as we expected, small with smallish beds and a tiny bathroom with a tiny shower (guests with weight issues might find the exceedingly tight shower a problem). However, it was updated and perfectly clean, with dependable maid service. The room HAS: built-in hairdryer, telephone (25 pence per local or toll-free call), shaver socket in bathroom, desk with chairs, small fan, closet. The room DOES NOT have: high-speed Internet port (two Internet shops within a block, however), air conditioning (use the window/fan), bathtub, alarm clock.SERVICE: Service was always friendly, although we're fairly well-prepared travelers so all we really needed were wakeup calls (which were reliable). SETTING: The immediate neighborhood is nice mixture. It's mostly residential and quiet, yet there are plenty of pubs and restaurants (including the renowned North Sea Fish Restaurant for excellent fish n' chips) nearby. TRANSPORTATION: Three tube stops, each nearly equidistant (less than a 10-minute walk), connect you to just about every line in London (the stops are Russell Square, Euston and Kings Cross, with Euston Square being a little further away). Coming from Heathrow, you can either take the tube directly to Russell Square or take the faster Heathrow Express train to Paddington Station and connect to the tube and come to either Euston or Kings Cross. From Gatwick, either take the Thameslink train directly to Kings Cross or get off at London Bridge and take the tube to Kings Cross; or take the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and connect to the tube to Russell Square.BREAKFAST: The breakfast gives the hotel even greater value. In addition to a breakfast far with cereals, rolls, croissants, jams, juices and fruits, you can get a full English breakfast consisting of a fried egg, Canadian bacon, sausage, fried toast and a tomato. Coffee and tea also are available. Note: If you're leaving the hotel before 7:30 a.m., the cereal/fruit bar is open beforehand (at 7 a.m., perhaps earlier)SECURITY: The area seems very quiet and safe to walk through at night. You get two keys upon checkin -- one for the room and the other for the front door. The desk is open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m.SIGHTSEEING: If you book a tour through Golden Tours, which we recommend, they'll pick up at the Hotel Russell next door to the Russell Street tube station. There's not a whole lot to see within walking distance except for the British Library (near Kings Cross) and the British Museum (near Russell Square). Yet, the neighborhood and easy transport access make the Harlingford a great base.BOOKING/CHECKOUT: Booking was a breeze over the Internet and management was receptive to our few requests and questions ahead of time, saving the cost of a few international calls. I got downstairs to checkout at 7 a.m. and the bill was settled in about two minutes, which helped as we were trying to catch the 7:24 a.m. train to Gatwick (we did, and even had a little cereal before making the short walk).We wholeheartedly recommend the Harlingford!	
Apr 14 2004	Lovely!	Formerly an ambassador's residence, this charming hotel is located in a quiet neighborhood. It is conveniently located three blocks from the Kings Cross public transportation hub and only two blocks from the Euston Underground stop. The rooms are tastefully hip and comfortable, although the bathrooms are very small (the shower is approximately 24&quot; x 30&quot;). Rooms feature a color television and phone. Hair dryers, soap and shampoo are provided. An iron and ironing board are available on the first floor. No laundry facilities. A full breakfast is served each morning in the lovely dining room and there is an inviting fireplace just across the hall in the parlor. There are several pubs and restaurants within walking distance and the British Museum and London University are nearby. Our room, No. 25, located on a corner, was smaller than most of the rooms. This hotel is not for people who have difficulty climbing stairs and there are no elevators. Overall, it is a good value. We'd stay there again.	
Apr 12 2004	Great Stay	My wife and I recently returned from a trip to London, which was made all the more better by a stay at the Harlingford. When we arrived, we were greeted by the very friendly staff. We were pleased to find that our room was ready for us when we arrived there at 9:00am.  The room was well maintained and very comfortable. The bedroom was decorated in a very modern and attractive style. I was happy to see that the bathroom was spacious by London standards.  The English breakfast was a highlight of our trip. The eating area was very clean and bright, and the food was excellent. Of the many times we have been to London, this was by far the best breakfast buffet we had been to.  I was also appreciative of the help and understanding the Harlingford provided to us. We had an emergency back in the States that required us to make several overseas phone calls. The staff and the owners were very understanding and reduced the phone bill significantly in light of that.  The only negative thing that I could say, is that the staff were not native Londoners, but rather foreign students. Thus, they were not as able to answer questions / give recomendations about London, but they were happy to look them up for us.  In all, our stay was excellent. We will highly recommend the hotel to our friends. We look forward to coming back and staying at The Harlingford.	
Apr 7 2004	Great for families	We spent three days at the Harlingford in mid-March. The second floor quad room was perfect for two adult and two kids. Shower was small, but newly renovated and very clean. For those with acadmeic interests at the British Museum or University of London, this is a terrific location. Outside noise was minimal. The breakfast was excellently prepared and offerred more options than many other London hotels we've visited. Desk staff were especially helpful with left luggage and directions. Definitely the best small hotel B&amp;B we've found in the Bloomsbury area.	
Apr 2 2004	Small but pleasant	We found the Harlingford to be a small, pleasant hotel. The public rooms (lounge and breakfast room) are attractively decorated, and there was a fire in the lounge hearth when we arrived (it was cold in March). Our double bedroom (on an upper floor) was very small, but it had a large window and comfortable chair squeezed in. The mattress was firm. The bath was tiny, with a very small stall shower. I think many people would find it too small to maneuver in. We could hear sounds clearly from the room next door, and when people walked in the room above us. The staff was friendly and the full English breakfast was well-prepared. The location is conveniently close to Kings Cross and Euston tube &amp; train stations, and a short walk to the Russell Square station. The neighborhood is full of small Indian restaurants. The rates are comparable to other small hotel/B&amp;Bs in Bloomsbury.	
Mar 23 2004	Best breakfast I;ve had at a hotel in London	We stayed here about 4 yrs ago, just 2 of us in one room the room was small and the bathroom was very small but the staff was very nice and the fully cooked breakfast was wonderful. I am just not crazy about the location. I like to be near Earls Ct or South Kensington and this is about 8 tube stops further out. There are also lower priced hotels in the other areas. But if you want to be near the British Museum or Russell SQ--then this is the place.	
Mar 18 2004	LOVED !!! the harlingford even better than my last waldof stay	Awesome and beautiful place. I loved our room and the bathroom with tub. staff was extremely friendly and helpful, down to helping to entertain my 16 month son. The living room was warm and cozy. Definitely will stay here again.	
Feb 15 2004	OK but not wonderful.	We stayed at the Harlingford Hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of February. We chose it because it came highly recommended by many travel books, as well as by several users of tripasdvisor. The advertising is very false and deceitful, be warned. It is true the breakfast room and drawing room are very lovely, warm and inviting rooms. The outside of the hotel is pleasing as well. However, the rooms, or ours at least was small and although &quot;modern&quot;, very cheaply decorated. The thermal blankets were not even remotely new as they came in shocking random colors. The bathroom was extraordinarily tiny, although tiled. Better to be sure than some Paddington cubicles, but still very small. I am not at all a big person and I could not turn around in the shower. The biggest problem, however was the maid service. We had gone out to do some sightseeing and my sister stayed in the room. The cleaning woman refused to clean the room while my sister was in it, and so a fight ensued between the two. Eventually the woman partially cleaned the room by making the bed, etc. The breakfast is very good, although the service is not very prompt or attentive. Laterooms.com had a special 110 GBP rate for a quad which turned out to be the regular rate. The rates stay the same throughout the year, so that is not too bad for a summer room. The location was very nice, within walking distance of three tubes. British Library (highly recommended) was right up the street.	
Jan 26 2004	Weak at best	My sister and I stayed at the Harlingford for a long chick weekend back in November and found it to be weak at best. The rooms are microscopic and the desk help was not helpful. A good breakfast can't overcome the fact that the staff is poorly trained and crabby. We won't be returning.	
Jan 15 2004	Harlingford - A home from home	The Harlingford Hotel is definitely my favourite hotel in London. It has a family atmosphere, extremely helpful staff who were willing to go out of their way to help me enjoy my holiday and find my way around.I love walking round the private gardens and enjoying the peaceful feeling right there in the centre of town. The cost is remarkably low, particularly for the location and fabulous new design and my favourite part the very yummy breakfast.	
Jan 10 2004	Not What It's Cracked Up to Be	After reading so many positive reviews of Harlingford, my wife and I were looking forward to a very nice stay. We were unfortunately very disappointed. The room we were put in was ridiculously small, even by London standards, the bathroom was cold, damp and dirty. While we were assured that all rooms had been renovated, the hotel apparently considers the bathroom separate from the room itself, as very few of the bathrooms have been renovated (the hotel will admit this fact only upon being pressed). When we found our bed and bathroom linen had not been changed over the first 5 nights of our stay, we brought our concerns to the staff.Again based on reviews, we expected a friendly staff. While our room was changed for our last night and one night's rate discounted, we couldn't believe how much nicer our second room was and that the room rates were the same. It seems the staff apparently expects guests to arrive and bargain for the best room available. This is the only conclusion I can come to having asked in advance to be placed in a fully renovated room on a lower floor yet receiving the poor quality room we received initially.The most disappointing aspect of the hotel was the staff. Upon our initial check in, we were faced with a disengaged 20 year old who didn't know the first thing about London (she was from Scandinavia), the hotel, or the immediate neighborhood (couldn't even suggest a restaurant on the block to jet lagged new arrivals). As we brought our room troubles to the staff, they were confrontational. In short, had the staff not been so aggressive, I probably would not have written this review. But I felt compelled to speak up considering how negatively we were treated when we complained about our first room.Aside from our particular experience, the bottom line is that you can do much better than Harlingford. While 95 pounds is not very high for London standards, the weak dollar makes it a large sum for American travelers. You would be better off spending your money on a hotel with a better location - Bloomsbury is out of the way for London visitors. The breakfast was good (if repetitive).	
Dec 15 2003	Great Place!	Although I have been to London many times before, I have never stayed longer than two or three days. On this trip (which was over the American Thanksgiving week), I was scheduled to stay for six nights with my father. As my father is older, I knew we might be spending more evenings in so I wanted a charming pleasant hotel as well as a reasonable price.As everyone knows, London hotel prices are incredibly high so I really did a lot of research on reasonably priced hotels. The Harlingford fit the bill.It is in Bloomsbury on a quiet residential street with easy access to neighborhood stores, pubs, and restaurants. It is within a five minute walk to the Russell Square tube (easily accessible from Heathrow as it is on the Piccidilly Line) as well as Euston and King's Cross.My father was thrilled as there are two Indian restaurants within a block of the hotel (out of the six nights, we ate Indian food five times!); the other night was Fish and Chips at the highly recommended fish restaurant down the street.The hotel itself is pleasantly decorated in modern fixtures which surprisingly go well with the Georgian architecture. I asked for a twin but when we went into the room, we were actually given a double and a twin so my father had more room. The ensuite bathroom was modern, clean and had a full bathtub which thrilled me to no end. The breakfast (included in the price) is enjoyable and the breakfast room is bright and cheery. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Dec 3 2003	Great Location	Harlingford is located in an area with restaurants, shops, grocers, post office, pubs, and tube stations. We stayed four night in room 11 in Nov '03. The room was small by US standards but average for europe, and the bathroom was large. It was very clean and on the ground floor and street acess was very easy. The rate was 90 GBP which included breakfast and the help of a great staff!	
Nov 5 2003	Wonderful Vacation!!!	We came to the Harlingford for a week in September and had the most wonderful time of our lives! The hotel was quaint and the rooms were not at all as small as I expected (from reading about London hotel rooms). We had a quad room and one bed folded up &amp; rolled into a closet so we had plenty of space to walk around &amp; lounge. The staff was absolutely delightful and eager to accommodate special needs (such as very early check in). The night clerk brought hot tea to the parlor when I had jet lag and could not sleep. All of the staff members were quick to recommend the best things to do, places to go, etc. I didn't know much about London before we went, but after visiting were in-love with the city. There are so many areas in London, and all were great to visit during the day but each evening when we were wore out from a full day of activity and our feet ached from walking so far we were happy to be &quot;going home&quot; to the Harlingford. Unlike many of the busier areas, this neighborhood is so quiet and sweet. Although it is quiet, don't let that fool you because there is plenty to do all within walking distance. There are wonderful restaurants and small grocery markets all around. Infact, according to a London magazine I read while we were there, some of the best fish &amp; chips in the city are just 1 block from the hotel, and they were wonderful! The British Museum (the most spectacular collection cf historical artifacts ever) is within walking distance. Be prepared to exercise though- if you walk through every exhibit in the museum you will walk 2 1/2 miles. For any younger travelers, and some adults I'm sure, the hotel is only bolcks away from KingsCross station where you can visit platform 9 3/4 (made famous by Harry Potter). We preferred to travel via the tube from Russel Square station, as it is a small station and that line meets up with nearly all of the other major lines within a few stops. I can't say enough good things about London &amp; this hotel. We will be back next year as 1 week was definately not enough.	
Sep 22 2003	Stayed at the Harlingford and was completely delighted		
Aug 1 2003	Thank You Thank You!!		
Jul 10 2003	Now it's nice		
Jun 2 2003	Harlingford Hotel		
May 20 2003	Watch out for singles		
Mar 28 2003	Pleasant Stay		
Feb 13 2003	The year we won again		
Aug 8 2002	My home away from home		
Aug 7 2002	On balance a good hotel.		
Feb 1 2002	A Great Budget Hotel		
Oct 11 2009 	????????????		
Sep 25 2009 	Colazione straordinaria!! Prezzo un pò alto ma per londra accettabile		
Apr 4 2009 	ottimo albergo meravigliosa colazione inclusa!!		
Mar 30 2009 	???????		
Jan 1 2008 	Proprio come immaginavo...		
