	Still good value	My second time here for a one night stay: I think it is excellent value for London and I like the location. You can walk from Kings Cross or Euston or get the number 73 bus. The local Goodge Street tube is handy for the Northern Line which takes you to Embankment and the heart of the city. Goodge Street also has many eating places to choose from and the inevitable Tescos and other mini supermarkets.Free wifi was appreciated, having paid a small fortune at the previous hotel for just one hour ! The room was small but comfy and you get all you need, use of space is great, attention to detail is evident too. Yes, there is road noise, not a problem in the winter as you have the window closed. I think it could be in the summer though when windows remain open. I also find the staff welcoming and friendly and I think the inclusive breakkfast is brilliant value ( the day before I was in another London hotel who wanted £23 for a cooked breakfast !) The link to John Everett Millais is intriguing for me as my business is in the visual arts.	
	Excellent all-round would definitely stay again!	This hotel was just perfect for me, it was in a great location - just a few minutes' walk down the road was the nearest Tube station and handy for travelling to and from Euston Railway Station. The staff were friendly and helpful and the room was well-appointed and comfortable with a nice rear outlook. Breakfast was also included in the price so it was great all-round value for money. Would definitely stay again on my next London trip.	
Nov 19 2009 	excellent value for money in great location and very helpful staff	Had a lovely stay at the Arosfa. The staff/owners were really friendly and especially so when at late notice i asked for an extra bed to be put into our room. The hotel is lovely and clean and the breakfasts were very good with both hot and cold food on offer. The only downside was the size of the bathroom in our room. It was tiny and you did struggle to close the door and use the toilet! But everything was very good and i would recommend it to anyone as its in easy reach of the tube and walking of places like Oxford St.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great price location and staff - very CLEAN!	My husband and I and two of our friends recently stayed at the Arosfa Hotel for five days. We stayed in the upstairs apartment (two bed rooms with double beds, a small kitchen, and a shared bathroom). The room was very spacious, comfortable, and clean. The staff was very friendly and as we arrived early on our first day, they stored our luggage for us while we explored the city. The breakfast was perfect and included in the price of the room. The location of the hotel is great – very close to many tube lines. Since reading the other reviews and looking into the other rooms while they were being cleaned, I think we got the best rooms in the place as a few of the others did look a bit small. Also be warned that there is no elevator and if you book the small apartment there are three flights of stairs to climb. Not an issue for us, but as soon as we checked out the staff was showing our rooms to potential guests and the gentleman had quite the time climbing the stairs. All in all, this place is a jewel and we will definitely be back.	
Nov 14 2009 	Very friendly and clean but look our for some tiny rooms	We had last room available and this must account for the smallest possible twin room. Two different sized beds and a radiator as a head board took things a bit too far. The shower room is incredibly small with no room at all between the WC and the shower. Also closing the door when using the WC has just about enough room for your knees. Great difficulty getting the hot tap on the tiny sink to turn off and no plug supplied.As indicated in other reviews though the staff are mostly very friendly and the hotel is kept nice and clean. Nice guest lounge (although very overpowering lilies, if they are not your thing ) and free internet access was good.I guess we would have been happy if we had paid less than £204 for two nights for such a very small basic space. Still recommending it though as the other rooms can not be as small, just check with them first!	
Nov 4 2009 	Ever reliable value	This was my 2nd stay at the Arosfa and everything I said back in May this year still stands. In one of the most expensive cities in the world for accommodation, the Arosfa is an amazing bargain in a wonderfully central but peaceful location. Yes, the rooms ARE small and yes, there are a lot of stairs (especially if you're in the triple on the top floor) but you don't visit London to sit in your room all day and after the enormous breakfast they serve, the stairs help to keep you fit! All of the staff are unfailingly helpful and friendly, you can safely store your luggage there if you have a late plane or train. And you simply cannot beat the location... good bus and Tube connections and you don't have to be a fitness freak to be able to walk to Soho, West End shopping, theatres etc, while closer by are the British Museum, Tottenham Court Rd shops, Kings Cross &amp; St Pancras Stations and some great pubs and restaurants around the Southampton Row area (including Ricky Gervais' favourite Indian place in the area, Hason Raja, which my husband and I would heartily recommend). If your London budget won't stretch to the Connaught or Claridges, then avoid the overpricing and shabbyness of so many of London's middle range hotels and book in for the bargain that is the Arosfa.	
Oct 30 2009 	Warm Welcome Small Rooms Great Breakfasts"	The Arosfa is a small gem of a hotel (B&amp;B) located in vibrant Bloomsbury, a short walk from the British Museum. Upon arrival (at about 9:30 am) we were greeted warmly, found a place to store our luggage until our room would be ready and headed to spend a couple of hours at the British Museum. As promised, our room was ready at noon. Though small by U.S. standards, everything was clean and fresh. The room reminded me of a cabin aboard ship: everything needed to be in its proper place. As it turned out, with so much to do and see in London, the room size really didn't matter much. The staff was unfailingly helpful and very friendly. They patiently answered questions and made helpful suggestions. For its price, and with the fantastic breakfasts, the Arosfa turned out to to be a great value indeed!A great place to eat (and drink) right around the corner, is a pub named the &quot;Marlborough Arms&quot;. It's filled with university students and the pub menu is quite good. The food is reasonably priced. The bar selections (wine and beer) are good, too.	
Oct 20 2009 	A fabulous little gem of a hotel!	I stayed with 5 friends for 2 nights when we had a weekend reunion. A great location, so close to a lot of London's attractions and tube stations. We stayed in the apartment at the top of the hotel which had two big rooms and a large bathroom to share, even a little kitchen which came in very handy. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were very clean. Overall the hotel was very well decorated and had lots of character. The staff couldn't do enough for us and were very friendly. Breakfast was delicious and there was lots of it too, hot and cold. The price was great too! It enabled us to spend more money on enjoying ourselves. Considering a large chunk of money goes on hotel costs I would definately recomended it and plan on staying there again. Thanks to all the staff for a great stay!	
Oct 18 2009	Great Hotel for the Price but be aware of the traffic noise	My sister-in-law and I stayed here for 3 nights at end of September. Twin bed room was incredibly small, but adequate for our purposes. Location was excellent for getting around, close to tube stations, walk to British Museum. Great price, including hot and/or cold breakfast items. My one complaint is that our room faced Gower Street and the noise out the window from the traffic below was terrible - and it went on all night. Our solution was to shut the window completely and run the fan at full speed to generate some 'white noise'. But that did not entirely block it out. Maybe a room on the other side of the hotel would have been better.	
Oct 6 2009 	tiny rooms affordable price excellent location very friendly staff	This hotel is really good if you're travelling alone - the price per night in London city centre is unbeatable. If you're travelling with someone you might want to look for a double room somewhere else and share the price.The single-rooms are tiny with tiny beds, but you have everything you need.price includes full-english breakfastthe location is excellent, the staff is very friendlyIt has free internet, both wireless and a PC for guestsCareful - reception closes at 22:30, so make sure you manage to get there before that time. That applies only to the 1st night, since you get your own key and you can arrive as late as you want	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location and reasonable price. It worked for us.	My husband and I just got home from London and a 6 night stay at Hotel Arosfa. The location was just what we were looking for...walking distance to British Museum, bus stops right across the street, tube station just a couple of blocks. The rooms were very clean though the first room (a twin I had reserved online) was so small that I had claustrophobia and knew we couldn't do 6 nights there. The owner was sympathetic and offered us a larger room for the same price. We found the second room (I think it was a triple) satisfactory and had a very good time in London.One area which could use improvement was in the service of breakfast. The person who is the server in the dining room has a very brusque and unwelcoming personality. He never introduced himself or made any chit-chat. Though the service was efficient the atmosphere in the dining room was uncomfortably reserved. If you asked for anything outside the regular English breakfast (1egg (poached), bacon. beans, sausage, broiled tomato and toast) he made us feel like we were being fussy and irritating. As a result the visiting and socializing that we have often enjoyed in bed and breakfast establishments was missing.Also, we were lucky to have great weather and as a result had the windows open. You should be aware there is a lot of street noise on Gower St.. We used ear plugs each night to block some of the noise and that made it tolerable for us.	
Oct 2 2009 	I will definitively come back	This hotel had it all - perfect location, pleasant staff, nice room (we had a family room), cool lounge where we could write home on the free PC with internet, good breakfast and good beeds. We had a friend staying in a single room. His room was small, but the hotel was really good in all other ways so he didn't bother. The bathroom was small, but to this price in London - it's really the best place to stay. I have tried a lot of hotels in London, and this is the best so far.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great location friendly and helpful staff	Reserved a single room, facing garden for seven nights. Not a lot of room to move around but pleasantly surprised with the high ceilings and abundant light from three large windows. Small ensuite bathroom/shower/sink installation....but very well designed. Very quiet for such a central location. Three underground stations within a 5-10 minute walk and lots of handy buses heading into central London on Gower Street. Great breakfasts, served with a smile. This may be a family-run enterprise..and they take pride in helping their guests. I was having difficulty with a long-distance phone card and one of the employees found a solution.Flat-screen TV worked well. Wireless (wifi) internet did not work in my room, but the hotel provides a desk-top in the reception area for the use of guests.	
Sep 23 2009 	lovely hosts great location very comfortable	I stayed here for 5 nights and I would definitely stay here again. The location is great, near train and tube stations and only a few blocks fromthe British Museum. The service was excellent. My hosts were very friendlyand helpful with advice and I felt valued as a guest. Yes, the room wassmall (this is London, after all), but it was worth it having an en suite room.The hotel is very clean. I especially appreciated the free use for theinternet so I could keep in touch with family (since I was on my own).	
Sep 23 2009 	Magnificent	We stayed together with a friend for 8 nights in Arosfa..We really had a good time..The staff were really helpful and nice...The room very cozy and very clean.. We woke up with the good smell of the freshly preapred breakfast...The hotel is located only a walking distance from Oxfrod Street, British Museum and all amenities....We highly recommend this hotel and will be booking it again on our next trip to London!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Fabulous find	Stayed at the Arosfa on the 16th September for a conference the following day. Having previously stayed in large, anonymous and usually overpriced hotels what a fabulous find the Arosfa was. It delivered everying that it promised. We stayed in an apartment at the top of the hotel with a shared bathroom. The rooms were good sized and the beds were really comfortable. The staff were really friendly and helpful during our stay and we would definitely stay again. As a bunch of midwives we are quite hard to please when it comes to good clean accommodation but the Arosfa would definitely pass any matron's inspection! Many thanks to Jacqueline and all the team.	
Sep 14 2009 	Gem of a hotel	This hotel is excellent.it is conveniently situated for getting around looking at stuff.Comfortable room with good facilities and en suite.Everything very clean.not run down like some London hotels.the staf are lovely and very helpful.I will definitely be using this place next time I travel to london.they even let you use a free PC!	
Sep 9 2009 	Just Perfect	Eight of our family stayed in 4 rooms for the graduation of our daughter at UCL the following day. The location is perfect, Goodge Street tube station is a short walk away on Tottenham Court Road as are regular bus services to all parts of London. The staff couldn't have been more welcome and accommodating, nothing was too much trouble. We will return!.	
Sep 2 2009 	We had a ball!!	My three sisters and I stayed for 11 nights off and on over a three week period, we had a family room which was lovely, very comfy we did have a giggle at the size of our bathroom but it added to the experience!! The staff felt like family by the time we left they were so friendly and helpful, the location is fab with a bus stop just up the road, as I have two daughters living in London, I cant wait to come stay again, thanks Arosfa and staff , from the four aussies xxxx	
Sep 2 2009 	fantastic friendly home from home	stayed at this lovely small hotel in august and could not have picked a better hotel and location . We was treated like family from the moment we arrived by richard jackie and kyle. Our bags was carried to our rooms which was not ready but jakie offered to make us a coffee while the rooms was being cleaned. breakfast was very good , good choice and great english breakfast offered. service was quick and efficiant. Rooms very clean my only complaint was the very small bathroom which we got use to, Location was great easy to get to places with at least 3 underground stations close by. lovely lounge for guests to use and bonuse FREE internet use . in short amazing stay at this hotel great staff helpful friendly and always ready for a chat i have already recommended this hotel to family and friends a big thanks for making our stay perfect	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Location	amazing hotel in the centre of london,Great staff also very friendly, Rooms was very clean and good for relaxingI would recommend this hotel to any one. also free internet coffe and tea in the rooms what suited me well.	
Aug 29 2009 	COULDN'T BE BETTER	Myself &amp; 2 daughters (15 &amp; 17) stayed for 2 nights (25/8 to 27/8). We crammed in 4 theatre trips (Dirty Dancing, Oliver, Les MIserables, Hairspray) in 3 days, and for this the location was excellent. We travelled from Liverpool to Euston, and didn't have to set foot on the tube once (which was a bonus!) The breakfast was great (even for 3 vegetarians) and the staff were friendly without being intrusive. The room was very clean and larger than expected (even the bathroom!). I would definitely stay again, and would recommend it to anyone visiting London.	
Aug 27 2009 	Good Value Small but Clean	We stayed here the first three nights of our two week England trip and it was a very decent hotel. We were prepared for small rooms/bathrooms so weren't surprised. Although we were located in a room street-side, the noise was not terrible and did not keep us awake. The breakfast was good, the room was clean, and although the door of the bathroom hit our knees each time we were on the loo, it was manageable. The community-use computer and free internet access were very helpful, and the location was great for our needs: namely, visiting the British Museum just a short walk away. The tube is close as are various restaurants and groceries, as it is a college community. We recommend the Marlborough Arms, just around the corner for good food and beers. No elevator. Overall, would stay again, and would recommend to a friend. Nice location for a quiet stay.	
Aug 26 2009 	A Pleasant Experience Economical and Friendly	Staff is anxious to please, very helpful. A generous complimentary full breakfast compliments the reasonable cost. Room was quaint and furnishings adequate. We expected bath to be small and were not disappointed. Location is distant from town center (Big Ben, Palace, Theaters, etc) and metro (underground) was 3 blocks away; but don't let that discourage, we found navigating the metro an easy task.	
Aug 26 2009 	Very good familiar hotel	The hotel was very enjoyable, with free internet facilities, nice breakfast and friendly staff. The location is wonderful for having trips in and around London. The only remark we make is related with the size of the familiar room, which was a little small for a family with 3 adults and 1 adolescent...	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent value good service	I stayed twice at the Arosfa in July. This hotel continues to provide excellent value for visitors to London. It is a short walk from the hotel to the British Museum, the British Library and other attractions. The owner and the managers try very hard to please their guests.	
Aug 11 2009 	Just what I needed	I enjoyed a fantastic 5 nights in this excellent B&amp;B hotel. I had a single room, which was tiny, but very well laid out so that I had everything I needed. Exceptionally clean and well run with a good breakfast every morning to set me up for a full day out in London. The location was ideal as you can easily walk from the hotel to many of the main sites or use the Tube. What made it really special was the helpfulness and concern of the staff - I really felt well taken care of at all times. One word of caution, though. Some of the walls are quite thin partitions and late one night I could hear every word of a discussion in the next room as 2 guests complained bitterly about the friends they were on holiday with and who were also staying in the hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	London = Arosfa	We stayed at Arosfa Hotel from 2 August till 9 August 2009, and we really enjoyed to stay in this nice hotel. We' re four friends who love London and for our forth time in the capital we' ve chosen Arosfa. Good choice! Arosfa will be our hotel in London. The rooms are small, but it doesn't matter, people comes to London to live the city and not to stay in rooms. I said small rooms but they're very comfortable and clean as well.The hotel's staff is very gentle and kind. I recommend Arosfa Hotel because Arosfa feels like home. -Arosfa, you miss us yet-	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent choice 	Our stay in the family room (for the 4 of us, 2 adults &amp; 2 early teens) was excellent. The location is just a short walk to tube station and many restaurant choices. Staff were very helpful for our few requests. The rooms, and stairs, were small - but adequate for us. We don't need a large suite. 1 double &amp; 2 twin beds filled up most of the room. But fine for us. Tiny but fine toilet/sing/shower (no bath - but then, how often do folks take baths?). Standard breakfast. Excellent for us.	
Jul 28 2009 	Truly better than expected and very happy we chose Arosfa for our stay in London.	From the moment we were greeted at the door on arrival, the hospitality was endless. Always cheerful staff and always on hand to help. Our family room was larger than expected and plenty of room for 4 (couple and a 22 &amp; 19 year old). The extras like coffee, tea, kettle, hair dryer, fan, television, toiletries are as one would get in any hotel in Canada or U.S.. Not entirely expected when we booked the hotel in London, as we were totally expecting small. The layout of the hotel is spacious and beautiful. Nice, comforting colours and decor, in both our room and in the guest room downstairs. The breakfast room is ample room for all guests and breakfast each morning is more than adequate (full English or cereal, yogurt, buns) and plenty of toast, tea, coffee and juices. All staff are friendly and courteous. We would definitely recommend this beautiful hotel to all of our friends when they choose to visit London. The hotel is close enough to Euston or King's Cross and minutes away from Oxford Street. We walked everywhere and had no problem getting around and the hotel is in the vicinity of many restaurants and conveniences on the streets over. The beds and entire room was clean and neat, always. No chipped paint anywhere. Carpeting is new and clean throughout. The bathroom is ample for a London hotel and even more than we expected it to be. The shower had perfect pressure. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and for the price we paid, very exceptional value. Best choice we could have made. Arosfa, keep up the good work. You are a gem in London!	
Jul 21 2009 	Small spotless 	We wanted somewhere central to stay with our daughter when on a flying visit to London to see a show. We were very happy with our triple room at the Arofsa for an overnight stay, even though the bathroom was very small (which they told us about in advance). Lovely welcome from Kyle, the fact that this is a family run place shows in the standard of cleanliness &amp; small touches like the fresh fruit in the room. The english breakfast was fine, with decent coffee! They even looked after our cases after we'd checked out as we wanted to do a spot of sightseeing.We have stayed in a lot of hotels in London on business &amp; leisure trips over the years, most of which were a lot more costly , and would recommend this to anyone on a budget who wants a decent, friendly place to stay.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fabulous value	The staff went above and beyond to make us feel welcome. They were unfailingly pleasant. They carried our luggage, arranged for taxis, stored luggage on the last day and offered very helpful suggestions.Yes, the rooms are tiny and it was hot--London was in the middle of a June heat wave, but with the fan on and the windows open we were fine. (Earplugs do help for sleeping as Gower St. is rather noisy,) Our rooms were spotless and included all the amenities. We appreciated the apples, water, cookies and coffee/tea making facilities. There were a flat-screen tv and reading lamps over the beds. The full English breakfast was prompt and good. It was handy to have Internet access. We were amazed at how well the tiny bathrooms functioned.I'd definitely recommend the Arosfa Hotel to others and plan on visiting again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Clean close friendly and affordable.	Five of us stayed at the Arosfa for five nights in early July and not only was the weather excellent, the staff and conditions of this superb central London b &amp; b were wonderful. This is my second time staying at the Arosfa in as many years, and I'd stay there again without question, as would the other four I travelled with. Richard and Jackie are excellent hosts and Kyle was most helpful and generous, too. Thanks for making the London leg of our trip such a success. Brad and Rose Morley, Owen Sound, Canada.	
Jul 12 2009 	Boutique hotel in Bloomsbury close to everything	We stayed at the Arosfa for a week in June, and had a really good experience. Our room was great, bed and pillows were comfortable, there was tea/coffee/hot chocolate making facilities, wardrobe, hairdryer, alarm clock and most importantly a fan! It was very hot while we were there. The bathroom, although small, was more than adequate. Although the windows opened out onto Gower Street, once closed you could barely hear a sound. Downstairs is a guest lounge with a computer and internet access that you can use (very very handy!) and out the back is a garden.Breakfast was included in the price, and was served quickly without fuss. Choice of cereals, yoghurt, toast, cooked English, tea/coffee. Good way to start the day!The staff were more than helpful, and really added to our experience at the hotel. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble!The Arosfa is close to everything; there are 3 tube stops close by (Goodge, Euston Square and Warren Street) and Kings Cross/St Pancras is not far away either. The British Museum is a 5 minute walk down the street, and another few minutes to New Oxford Street. Good pubs, restaurants, take aways and a Tesco is nearby in the Goodge St area, which makes it very convenient.We really enjoyed our stay at the Arosfa, it was very good value and would recommend it to one and all.	
Jul 8 2009 	Loved the Arosfa	Amazing combination of good price, good service, clean and confortable rooms, and great location. All you need for a short stay in London!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great place to stay !	Very nice place, perfectly located, plenty of buses, restaurants &amp; take aways around.The Arosfa is run by a nice couple, eager to oblige and very considerate. The rooms are small but nicely decorated and the whole place has a sophistication that I've never seen in any other &quot;budget&quot; hotel.I thoroughly recommend the Arosfa.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great location great price great service just ask for a room in the back!	We had a good stay here, I just wish I had known a few things going in. First the good:-The location is great, close to the Goodge Street Tube stop, very close to Regent Park.-Staff was very friendly and eager to help. They pointed out some great spots for lunch and dinner, booked a taxi, helped us with our bags, we always returned to a clean room and the breakfast, while not great, certainly kept you from needing to go elsewhere and kept you full easily until lunchtime. They always refused a tip whenever I felt they went above the normal duties of a host as well. Just great service.-For what you're paying for, you really get a great stay.Now for what you need to request:-As is it a walk up and the stairs are narrow, request a room on one of the lower floors.-I'm not sure if there is air conditioning on the lower floors, but we had a room on the fourth floor in June-it was quite hot! The ceiling fan helped a bit but not enough. Again, request a room on one of the lower floors if staying in the summer.-Since it was so hot, we had to keep the window open the entire time. This would not have been a problem had we been in the back, away from the street traffic. Unfortunately, we were in the front of the building and heard everything all night. I just put my iPod on and played some Miles Davis, but other might not be so lucky. Again, just request a room on the lower floors and in the back of the hotel, you'll be just fine.-The room itself and bathroom is quite small. Remember, you are in London what you're paying. For me it wasn't a problem, however, it may be a bit of a shock for some folks expecting a Holiday Inn-type room. In sum, great service, great location and the price is right. Just don't expect a big luxurious room.	
Jul 3 2009 	Fantastic Service	This is a family-run business and it shows. They take pride in their service, which is excellent. If you need a lot of space in a hotel room and if you have trouble with stairs, this is not for you--but if you are looking for a convenient, inexpensive, clean place to stay in London this is worth checking out. Rooms and loos are small, but the amenities are nice, breakfast options are good, and overall this is a place I would recommend.	
Jul 1 2009 	Very Very Nice	I visited london for two nights. My stay at Arosfa Hotel was very pleasant. The staff is very nice and friendly. The rooms are very very clean and very well designed. I was impressed by the high standard and excellent choice of furniture, which distinguish Arosfa from other hotels of its class.The location s central and easily accessible to all London's attractions.I would stay there again and I would recommend it to friends.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent Value Hotel	Most of the reviews about the Arosfa are quite fair. It is extremely clean, superb location and friendly helpful staff and owners. 2 mins walk to the nearest tube station and a leisurely 15-20 minute stroll into the west end.We had room nr 1 which was a good size with plenty of room to store everything we had. Tea/coffee making facilities, fresh fruit, alarm clock, flat screen tv and hairdryer all provided. Excellent breakfast provided which sets you up for the day.It must be said that the ensuite was very small (which I have found in other hotels here) and although not a problem for us it may be for &quot;larger&quot; people. Lovely garden at the rear and very nice sitting room with internet access and tea coffee etc.I have stayed in 3 or 4 other hotels in Gower Street over the years because it is such a great area and I must say that the Arosfa is by far the best.. With this hotel you're getting more than you pay for! I will be back.	
Jun 15 2009	Phenomenal experience.	My trip to London was a family affair; we all stayed at the Arofsa Hotel on Gower Street in Bloomsbury. I cannot say enough about the personal attention received from both the staff and owner of this establishment. The friendly and accommodating nature of both the exemplary staff and the proprietor added immeasurably to the enjoyment of what was unarguably a short visit (7 days/6 nights). The afternoon I arrived I found to my horror that my bank at home had failed to “remember” I was abroad and refused all attempts to withdraw funds from my account, erroneously believing that my debit card was in fraudulent hands. These wonderful people accommodated me by allowing me a full day to straighten it out.. I’m still mad at the bank, but the attitude of those at the Arosfa did much to relieve my anxiety at the time.I’m a “senior” (age 71), and this was not my first trip to the UK.. I have stayed often in London, although never in the Russell Square/Bloomsbury area. This establishment is a conversion from a private residence to a hotel and as such, has little peculiarities that are shared in common with the plethora of similar establishments that populate London. The reference to small rooms (in other posts here on TripAdvisor) is true, they are dinky by comparison to larger chain-Hotels or those found in the States.. but you’re paying a dinky price --by comparison—for a first rate place in a terrific area, close-walking distance to the British Museum, the University, and phenomenal restaurants/pubs/cafés. The area is diverse and when you stay with the Arosfa, you’re in the MIDDLE of it all with easy Tube access (both Goodge and Russell Square) .. size aside, the room itself contains all the necessities for a comfortable stay.. a modular shower/toilet/wash basin right there in your room, good flat-screen TV (wall mounted), wardrobe, hair-dryer, reading light over the headboard of the bed, coffee/tea making facilities, even 2 beautiful apples in a bowl! The Hotel itself is, in my experience, exceptionally clean and my room (3rd floor) had a beautiful rear view of the Arosfa’s garden and street. There is no lift, but in my case the assistance of the staff’s son schlepping my luggage up to my room was a pleasant surprise.. this kind of service has NOT been my experience in the past. The Lounge is VERY attractive with an up-to-date wireless computer for guest’s use, and when I visited the hotel was full 80% of the time.. the computer often had someone using it, but sensitive to my waiting to use it, the equipment was free within a few minutes.. I returned the favor by not lingering there myself.Breakfast was wonderful and offered the option of a full English breakfast in addition to access to a table that had yogurt, juice, cereal, etc., along with coffee/tea. I accepted the poached egg each morning rather than change it to some other form, but my understanding is that you can request scrambled, etc. A big rack of toast is also provided. Generally this meal lasted us until 2:00 pm or so when anxious for a glass of wine, we stopped for lunch.In the end, however, I have to say that the Staff and the Owner made the difference in terms of pure enjoyment of being in London again. Do yourself a favor and try this wonderful Hotel on your next trip.. BEWARE: it fills up fast, be sure to book early. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.	
Jun 10 2009 	Welcome Back !	My friend and I returned to stay at the Arosfa to visit exibitions at the British Museum and the V&amp;A.What a lovely surprise to be welcomed by Richard and Jackie.Our stay was fab as usual.We discovered that the No 14 bus,which stops just across the road,takes you to the Royal Academy on Picadilly, and stops right outside the V&amp;A.How convienient is that?Will be returning when we plan our next trip.	
Jun 1 2009 	Very Small Room English Breakfast Included Clean	I booked Arosfa Hotel after reading the mostly good comments here on TripAdvisor.I stayed at Arosfa for 4 nights. When we first arrived, I was shocked to see the room. It was extremely small and we hardly had space to walk about in the room. The bathroom was very clean but again, very small. Perhaps it was just the room we were assigned.We did not interact much with the staff, so, no comments on that.Breakfast was included in the price we paid. It was alright and every morning, we were so full that some days, we could just skip lunch. A very clean hotel...... and conveniently located too.	
May 25 2009 	Great stay!	If you can live with the compact space, then this is a formidable place to stay in London-considering the price and location. If you are travelling on a budget, I highly recommend this hotel as an alternative to all the touristy and messy hotels in Bayswater. The rooms are-as mentioned-small, extremley so (just check out the bathroom! It was a blast. Imagine airplane bathrooms with a shower, and voilà!), but they are clean! Also, the lobby / lounge area is very nice. Add friendly staff and a manager who takes care to help you with anything - plus the lovely surrounding area of Bloomsbury , and you have a very nice place to stay in bustling London. Thumbs up!	
May 21 2009 	Very nice and friendly	The hotel was small but very clean. The staff was very friendly. It was affordable and it is well worth the money. The location was good, just two stations from Camden Town and a 10 min walk to beautiful Regents Park. The breakfast was included and you could choose full english breakfast. The room was small but nice with a flat screen TV. The bathroom was very small but clean and fresh.	
May 13 2009 	A Gracious stay	The Arosfa comes up trumps on many counts! Perfect location, excellent price and value for money but more importantly it is a pleasure to be there. Nicholas is a wonderfully welcoming and gracious host, helpful, accommodating and generous!He has paid tribute to the Arosfa's history, once having been the house of the painter Sir John Everett Millais, and seeing reproductions of the work hung in the hotel gives a link to its cultural past.The rooms are tasteful, beds very comfortable and the hearty breakfast offers a good variety of fare. This is a hidden gem...having stayed prior to finding the Arosfa at two other hotels in Gower St, they were not a patch on this and more expensive. Look no further!	
May 8 2009 	LOVED THIS HOTEL	We split our London stay into 2 parts, with a week in Paris in between. This was the first hotel of our trip and we LOVED it most of all! Everything was so great - the accommodations, location, and staff - the whole experience.The rooms were clean and a nice size - definitely enough room for us and our luggage to fit comfortably. The bathroom WAS tiny, but not a problem - it was fine (and clean). There was a tv and alarm clock in our room - both very handy and which we used. The lounge area was very comfortable - my two friends would head down and use the computer to touch base with family and friends.Staff was nice and helpful.I really enjoyed the neighborhood. A couple of tube stations are nearby. Lots of good pubs close by as well. Beautiful neighborhood - close to a university and the British museum.We were able to get to the hotel from Heathrow via the tube.We wished we could have stayed here the second leg of the London stay. Unfortunately, room was not available. Next time we know to DEFINITELY book in advance :-)	
May 6 2009 	Great B	As previous reviews have mentioned, there are many positive aspects about the Arosfa :It is ideally located : Bloomsbury is a very pleasant area and Goodge Street tube station on the Northern Line is just around the corner (the Tottenham Court Road end of Oxford Street is just 1 stop away and Leicester Square 2 stops away).Our room was nicely furnished and decorated and was equipped with a flat screen TV and tea &amp; coffee making facilities. As some clients have mentioned, the bathroom was 'compact' but it perfectly served its purpose and like the room it was impeccable.The value was very good too.I frequently visit London and was ready to call the Arosfa my 'home away from home' but an incident put me off.One day I didn't have the key and had to ring the bell (2 people in our party were ill and had returned to the B&amp;B earlier to take a rest). The landlord let me in but made it clear I was disturbing him.The following morning we were SIX minutes late for breakfast : It was new year's eve, we'd had a latish night and as I said, 2 of us didn't feel too well. We were stopped on our way down the stairs by a blunt &quot;Breakfast is over!&quot; (so much for the holiday spirit!). Hopefully, the landlady showed some sympathy and though it was too late for a cooked breakfast, she kindly offered to make a cup of tea and some toasts. We sat down feeling rather uncomfortable and the landlord kept on whisking everything away from the table (juice, butter and jam) to show his total disapproval...I agree that clients should respect the house rules, but I also think that better manners wouldn't hurt...	
Apr 27 2009 	Great London Bargain	Only stayed for one night but was impresed by the cleanliness of the room and shower, absolutely spotless. The room was tiny, however, and some may not like that aspect. For my part I need a decent bed, good, clean working shower and little else. There was a selection of in room hot drinks, some biscuits and even a couple of apples! I paid £60 for the night and this was the best place I have stayed in London for that sort of money. When I come to stay in London again this will be my first choice. My only critism is the bed was only 2'6&quot; wide and was a tad narrow. The following morning enjoyed a good breakfast which was included in the price.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fair Hotel small rooms excellent position	I stayed during the Holy Week. Arosfa has an excellent localization, just beside the British Museum, 10 minutes walking from Oxford st. The surrounding area is very quiet and nice; furthermore, along Gower St. (where the Hotel is) there are lots of B&amp;B. Tube stations at 10 minutes walking (Euston square, Tottenham Court Rd.). The best: position, the price, the very friendly staff, free internet connection in the guest lounge, the big selection of maps and guides of London at the entrance.Ok: the breakfast. The rooms are small but cleaned (enough just after a day of tourism across the city), fair selection of tea and infusions, teapot, hair-dryer, iron in a common area, TFT TV.The worst: the bathroom! It is absolutely small, even for expert camping people! I believe this is not a particular problem, but I’d like to remark that it was quite difficult for me to use it.I will probably book again at Arosfa, especially for the quality/price relation, but only for a short trip (no more than 3 days).	
Mar 27 2009 	Convienent Location near Univ of London with good value	We booked the &quot;apartment&quot; for 5 days and were very satisfied. The &quot;apartment&quot; is actually 2 rooms (#18 and #19). Each room has a double and a single bed. The rooms are very small by American standards but larger than many you can get in this area of London. A single bathroom serves both rooms and is located in the hall outside the rooms. One of the rooms has a small but complete kitchen. We under-utilized this feature, but it could save you money by &quot;eating in&quot;. My daughter was doing a term at the U. of London which is right across Gower street from the hotel. Our group consisted of my wife and myself, our 15 yr.old son, and 3 adult offspring. No real complaints from anyone. Breakfast was nothing special, but they will cook your eggs to order is you ask. Breakfast is over at 9 AM..a bit inconvenient for sleepy-heads.The hotel is very near the Goodge Street tube station. A couple other tube stations are also nearby. The 7-day oyster card is good to have if you plan on zipping all over London as we did. The 15-year-old traveled for 1 pound a day. Many eating establishments are a short walk away (many are on Goodge street). Food in London is very pricey but there is good value at the many small sandwich shops. I liked the Sandwicheria on Goodge street. The Spagetti House has good moderately priced Italian food. I did not care for Zizis (another Italian place). Pub food abounds in the area. The British museum is very close and was my favorite.Unfortunately we did not have much interaction with the staff (we were tooooo busy), but they seemed good.So..location great for us; very good value; clean and safe; we would definitely choose to return to Arosfa whenever we return to London.	
Mar 22 2009 	Clean and familiar	Great cleanliness with simpathy!Everyone wants to keep you satisfied, specially the Brazillian couple Cairo and Aline! Just Ask!If you count with tiny bedrooms with tiny, tiny bathrooms you won´t have anything to regret!Good location, good service and great simpathy! They care about you!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location lovely staff great budget hotel	We stayed at Arosfa 5 times from 23rd December 2008 to early February 2009. It was our hub as we travelled about. We stayed in 2 different rooms. The room on the second floor is quite small but typical London size. We also stayed in room 2 on the ground floor which is a more spacious room but a smaller pre-fabricated bathroom.The hotel has lovely helpful staff, full English breakfast and free internet acccess. Rooms are cleaned and serviced every day including bathroom products like soaps, shampoo, conditioner. There is tea &amp; coffee facilities in the room and a hair dryer. The rooms have flat screen TVs too. Whilst we were there they spruced the rooms up with new linen, bed throws, cushions and new carpet. There is a communal lounge/sitting area with a big TV, lounges, books, free coffee/tea/hot chocolate and the internet. It's an easy 10 minute walk to the start of Oxford Street (Tottenham Court Rd end) for all your shopping needs :) There are at least 3 tube stops in the vicintiy too, and of course many local pubs for a drink or dinner. Walk the other way up Gower Street and you are at Covent Garden, not more than 10 minutes. Also close to SoHo, Regent Street and/or the British Museum.Just a 10 minute ride in a cab (with all your luggage!) to Paddington to catch the Heathrow Express.We loved the spot. It was so convenient to everything. You can even walk to the West End and other major attractions.	
Mar 15 2009 	Liked the location	I stayed at the Arosfa Hotel for 3 nights. The first night in a twin room, and the other two in a single. The rooms are tiny, but I was expecting that and it didn't really bother me. The bathrooms have been installed into the rooms, so they are very compact as well. My host was very attentive. The hotel is in a good location - very close to tube stations and to the British Museum, on a picturesque street. There is a strip of restaurants/food outlets outside the British Museum. The hotel offers free internet access in the guest lounge which was wonderful - it is very busy in the morning but I found in the evening was the best time to get online.	
Mar 14 2009 	Excellent location close to a variety of tube lines.	I stayed at the Arosfa Hotel for two nights at the beginning of March. The hotel is located just a few blocks away from the British Museum and also very close to quite a few tube lines which makes getting around London quite easy. My single room was quite small however I didnt spend much time in the room. The room was spotless as was the rest of the property. The full English breakfast was a real treat each morning as was the Internet service in the communal lounge. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 28 2009 	Friendly clean and convenient	The Arosfa is family owned, clean and convenient. Although the rooms are small, the one that we had was just fine for our family of five. They had an excellent breakfast every morning and the staff is extremely friendly. It is conveniently located to the tube stop and in a great area for some shopping and restaurants. It is within walking distance of the British museum which is a plus. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2009 	Cozy hotel in London's intellectual center	I spent ten days at the Arosfa hotel in December 2008 while researching at the Wellcome Library. I could not have asked for a better experience! The location, service and value were excellent. The location of the hotel is ideal if you are looking to go to the British museum, or want to work in the the Wellcome or British libraries. If simply staying in London for leisure the Arosfa is ideal in that it is within walking distance to Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Piccadily Circus, Leister Sq and most anywhere a visitor would want to go while at the same time being tucked away from the tourist scene. The hotel location provides you with the option of going into the excitement of central London or shopping/eating at local eateries less frequented by tourists. I really appreciated this!The hotel itself is quaint, clean and modern. During my stay I was able to stay in 3 different rooms and was comfortable in each one. The largest (though still small) was the one on the ground floor next to the lounge (#6?). I enjoyed my &quot;english breakfast&quot; every morning complete with toast, eggs, baked beans, bacon, tea, and OJ. The service was friendly without being overbearing. I especially appreciated the email correspondence I had with Jacqueline to set up my trip. The owner was very mindful of keeping his guests happy. While I can agree that the rooms were small and the bathrooms probably not equipped for heavier people or those in wheelchairs, the rooms were spotless with modern decor, flat screen TVs and free internet access. This was my third time in London but first at the Arosfa, and I surely intend to return to this hotel.	
Feb 3 2009 	Stayed At Arosfa For Zeppelin Trip To London	This was a great place. It is a small hotel basically, run by a couple (whose names escape me). This mom and pop operation puts you just blocks from the heart of London: P. Circus, SoHo, the whole deal. Super close to the Goodge Street T stop. Clean, no frills, good people who actually care, and do a terrific job.Our small two bedroom was on the top floor, 4th I think. Small window but decent view with a Univ. building across the street, and such amazing, inspiring architecture. The beds were small but adequate. The showers and bathroom in the room are clean and modern but small. Super small, but they are private. If you had the room to yourself or are with a gf/bf, you are large and in charge. Sharing w/anyone less intimate, and you are too close for one of these small rooms. But the built-in included breakfast in the basement was dope; very good selection, all you can eat w/eggs, toast, cereal, sausage/ham/bacon, beans, fruit, and coffee/tea. They are such warm hosts. You listen to the BBC w/news and classic music from the kitchen as you eat. It's awesome. I miss it all the time. Small tvs in the room have very little, but you're in the heart of London, so close to all the action. Literally, five minutes walk in every direction is stuff to see and do, in a nice part of town where a university is, and just blocks from top attractions, smoking places to eat (if you love Greek/Mid East/Med., you are going to gorge), shops, theatre.... You can walk to a ton of places, and then get a t pass that is unlimited for most zones to catch the tube around to further out destinations. As I noted, use the map feature on this tripadvisor page to note the googe street t station, and see how awesome the Arosfa proximity is to everything. Low price, great service, fantastic warm people, free coffee and internet in the welcoming front room area, all you can eat breakfast with great music/ambience, reliable help getting advice or travel arrangement plans, just all around, a 9.5 out of 10, at least. Love this place and hope to visit again. London is an incredible place, and I fell in love with it. Much aloha to everyone we met there who treated us so well. So many great meals, so much killer Indian food, and a great place where this guy was Lebanese/Italian, and in one place had pizza, hummus, babaganoosh, bagels, falafel, and tabouli... The type of great guy who ran this place we need more of in the world. Their menu was so awesome. Wish I had the name handy... Sorry. But that kind of food and vibe is what I found in London, and certainly staying at the Arosfa was something that placed me in the center of it. I am fortunate to have met these lovely people, and hope you enjoy their place.	
Jan 9 2009 	Incredibly small rooms	We chose this hotel mainly because of the positive reviews.Somebody should have mentioned that the rooms are terribly small. Two beds won't fit side by side in the rooms. The showers / toilets are jammed into the space of a closet - literally!The hotel staff may be friendly and the location is good, but unless you intend to spend your time in London in your hotel, there must be better offers.Note: there are about a dozen hotels in a row next to Arosfa that must suffer from the same problems, so we would advise against any hotel on Gower Street if you feel room size matters.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great hotel great people.	It’s not only a very clean, friendly and well located hotel. It has great people.When I got back in Brasil, I realized that I’ve forgotten my battery charger. I contacted them by e-mail and they found it and sent it back to me in a week.Recommend it!	
Jan 3 2009 	Excellent location and value	My husband and I stayed at the Arosfa Hotel for three nights in December. We were very pleased with the accomodations and enjoyed the English breakfast every morning.The hotel is centrally located near many tube stations. The British Museum is very close by as is Covent Gardens.We did have a slight issue with the size of the bed - it was very small for two people. It was probably the smallest we have had on all our travels throughout Europe. The bathrooms were also quite small - but accessible.Even with these &quot;small&quot; issues we would definitely stay at the Arosfa Hotel again. The price and location can't be beat!	
Jan 2 2009	great find	found this on the internet chose it as recommended as top hotel under £100.00 and it had good reviews on TA. We were not disappointed. we had a twin room on top floor overlooking rear. As other reviewers have remarked the room was small and the bathroom compact. However, it was spotlessly clean, the staff/owners were friendly and welcoming and the breakfast was good and included. Well located within short walk to all central locations and in a clearly safe area. Will definately use again. we have paid a lot more at other hotels and not been as satisfied or felt as welcome.	
Dec 31 2008 	Clean Comfortable and Fantastic Location	I stayed in a single room for 6 nights - my room was very clean and comfortable, and I loved the little touches like fresh fruit and a coffee maker (with hot chocolate and biscuits) in the room. The complimentary full English breakfast was delicious, and the friendly staff didn't have a problem with accomodating special requests. Having free access to the internet was also a plus. And the location! The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk to the British museum, and only about a 15-20 minute walk to Covent Garden and the theatre district. There are lots of great restaurants and shops in the area (my favorites being all the secondhand bookstores), and it's also very close to several tube stations, making it a breeze to get anywhere in London and beyond. I was more than pleased with my stay there, and look forward to visiting the Arosfa again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Very pleasant stay in Arosfa Hotel	Date: November 4-8 2008Traveler: Couple from San Diego, USAWe stayed in this lovely boutique hotel for 4 nights. We were on the business trip , and the location was just perfect. Very close to several tube stations, a lot od small cafes and Deli close by.The room was super clean with nice TV, coffee maker and there were even fresh apples waiting for us. The bereakfast was superb, made at the request. The hotel provides the internet in a very chic lounge room.The best about this hotel is extremely pleasant and helpfull staff. Before returning to US we had to go on another visit inside Europe, and we had to leave one luggage behind due to airlines restriction. We were allowed to store it in their place, which was extremely helpful. We are hoping to visit London again and we will try to get a room in Arosfa.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great location nice little hotel	I spent three nights at the Arosfa last June and it's been my best stay in London so far. The room was tiny (a single one), but excellently decorated and very clean. There's no lift but that was no problem for me. I didn't have breakfast (I got up either too early or too late every day but that was my choice).The area is fantastic, it's a short walk to the British museum, the closest underground station is one block away, at Tottenham Court Road. Oxford street is just ten minutes away or even less. I actually used the underground just to get here from Liverpool Street st. and back, but I walked everywhere else.If you're looking for a cheap but clean and nice place in the best area in London, this is the place for you. I would definitely repeat!	
Nov 4 2008 	A Cosy Place	I got back last Friday from London after a ten day stay at the Arosfa Hotel. This was my first experience at a B&amp;B and a totally positve experience at that . The purpose for my visit was two-fold: to visit my daughter who is spending the fall semester studying abroad in London, and to take in the sights and sounds of London itself which I was unable to do in detail during a previous three day visit several years ago.Well my stay at the Arosfa enable me to do both in plenty of comfort and safety. The full English breakfast came in handy and kept me going way into the late afternoon or evening. The room was more than adequate for my purpose: I stayed at a room with twin beds which provided a bed for my daughter whenever she chose to stay with me instead of her dorm room. The beds were made everyday and the room left meticulously clean. The cleaners would also leave in the room packets of tea, coffee, sugar, and cookies, to avail myself after a long day of sightseeing. These would always come in handy. The staff in general was excellent and had a pleasant quality about themselves. I would certainly return to this B&amp;B if I should ever return to London.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great Place Great Hosts	We loved the hotel. The staff was pleasant and helpful and the breakfasts were delicious. We stayed in this area because it was close to where our son was going to school in London. The hotel is just a few blocks from the incredible subway system in London so the location was not an issue. The room was very clean, hotel is well maintained and tastefully decorated. The bathroom is extemely small, can barely turn around but this was not an issue. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 19 2008 	A Great Hotel	My friend and I just returned from spending a week at the Arosfa Hotel, and we can't say enough about it. The location is wonderful, just a few blocks from the Goodge Street underground station (on the Northern Line), in the heart of Bloomsbury. The staff is helpful and friendly. The hotel doesn’t have a lift, however, the staff brought our bags up to the room for us. The room was small (it was a twin), and it had the world’s smallest bathroom, but that didn’t phase us in the least. We weren’t in London to stay in our hotel, and while the bathroom was small, it contained a functional shower where the water was hot enough to enjoy showering. We were offered a full English breakfast each morning, but to be honest, it was more food than we could eat. The full breakfast included 2 eggs, bacon, sausage, tomato, beans, toast, yogurt, cereal, fresh fruit, juice and coffee or tea. While the hotel offers Wi-fi, they also have a computer that guests can use as desired. Having access to the internet was a wonderful plus. Best of all, the hotel was immaculately clean. The only concern we had was that we were in a room at the front of the hotel (we were in Room 12), and the noise from the street was definitely noticeable (we had the windows open since the weather was just about perfect). Overall, we can’t say enough about the Arosfa.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great Value For Money!	Stayed for four nights in September. This hotel is incredible value for money. The staff were friendly, the facilities are clean, the location couldn't be better and the breakfast is good. The double room and the en-suite were small but we were only using the place as a base for sightseeing so we didn't spend a huge amount of time there anyway and we were never uncomfortable. We were at the front of the hotel and the traffic was noisy but it never ruined a good night's sleep! I wouldn't recommend this hotel for people who like to stay in luxurious places, but it's clean, friendly and situated in a really fantastic location. I would definitely stay here again, no questions.	
Aug 27 2008 	Good value for London	We agree mostly with the other reviewsGood location, rooms clean, quiet if room faces the backyard, standard breakfast.We were however in a small room with a very tiny bathroom, not suitable for bigger persons, It will be dificult however to find a bigger, clean room in a good location for the same price in London.Staff could be friendlier.	
Aug 8 2008 	Marvellous little hotel	This is a compact, clean and very reasonably priced hotel in a great part of London. It is in close proximity to numerous historic sites and museums as well as not being far from the Brunswick Centre close to Russell Square tube. The staff are very friendly, and have good local knowledge. The choice of breakfast included a wide range of cereals, juices and fruit as well as the option of a 'full English'. I can't speak highly enough of my stay.	
Aug 7 2008 	Mmm...	I think the best thing to do is a list of positives and negatives!Positives - very clean; good location; pleasant decor; adequate breakfast (cooked English, yogurts, juice, cereals, fruit). Negatives - male staff should have been friendlier (especially at breakfast!); our twin room was incredibly small (pack light!); the en-suite was minute (anyone tall or with a larger build would have struggled to shower); it was uncomfortably warm (but noisy with the window open).All in all I can't really fault the place for the price, but I can't rave about it either. It served a purpose! I wouldn't hurry to go back and stay in a twin room (although doubles and singles may not be as cramped).	
Jul 21 2008 	Average	The staff was fine but the hotel was average in my opinion. We had a room (#15) that was on the top and it was tiring having to lift our luggages + breakfast was not exceptionnal	
Jul 6 2008 	Keeps getting better	I last stayed at the Arosfa in December 2007 when it was owned by a very hospitable couple who ran it excellently. Always clean, always tidy, very good service. Only £60 for a central London location, free wi-fi etc, and it couldn't be beaten.However since then it has been taken over by a younger couple who run it just as well, but who are slowly doing it up to a more modern style. For example all the rooms now have a flat screen TV, , and the lounge is pretty funky.I look forward to going back there again in another 6 months to see the transformation completed.I think there are quite a few B&amp;Bs like this in London (well run, cheap and clean) but the reason I keep going back to the Arosfa is because unlike many it has an online booking facility so I don't have to ring up of wait for them to reply to an email.	
Jul 3 2008 	Best cheap hotel in London	Tried the Arosfa based on other good reviews here. It was for a one-night business trip and The Arosfa had all the ingredients: it's very close to Euston Station and in walking distance of many of Camden and surrounds' amenities including my two meeting venues at Birkbeck College London. It was cheap. It was recently taken over by a nice couple who have decorated it beautifully. It has everything you would want- cooked or continental breakfast, tea &amp; coffee in room (with hot chocolate sachet- yum!), toiletries in bathroom, decent hairdryer, moveable flatscreen tv with all the FreeView digital channels, comfy beds, a fan in the room for hot weather, free wifi in room, free internet in the lovely lounge downstairs, a nice garden out the back, double-glazed windows to help reduce London traffic noise, very friendly staff.Tiny downsides: The en suite is a tiny pod with the shower virtually on top of the toilet so a big person might find that a bit cramped- but it works fine and is clean. It's on Gower Street, so road-facing rooms have some traffic noise (although double glazing helps with this). Oh, and their wifi is set up to not allow SMTP email out, which is always a slight irritant and a bit risk-averse in my opinion. My room was tiny (as often in London)- it was a twin room but was more like a single room with an extra bed squeezed in- but I've stayed in smaller and it was cozy- didn't mind one bit.	
Jun 23 2008 	Very good location and great service	I had one night in London on my way to Dublin and wanted to stay in the Soho/Bloomsbury area because I love the Museums and bars in this part of London. I picked the Arosfa based on the past reviews on here and I am in complete agreement with the other reviewers. The location is great: close to multiple tube stations, close to the British Museum, close to Soho, close to Oxford Street. The price is definitely right. My en suite room, with a nice TV and bed, was only $12O Canadian and it included a full English breakfast in the morning. Finally, the service was great. The woman who works the desk was super friendly. I will be making the Arosfa my new hotel in London.	
Jun 21 2008 	Very Clean Safe Hotel	I recently stayed at the Arosfa, and it was a perfect hotel for me. I am a female traveling alone and I must have a clean and safe place to stay. The room is small, and the bathroom even smaller, but it was comfortable and clean. I was in room 17 on the top floor facing the garden. I slept with the window open, and it was nice and quiet.Although the room is small, it had everything I needed. It had a nice TV, a desk, a closet, a nice mirror with shelf underneath to do my makeup in the morning, and nice toiletries in the bathroom. It also had a coffee/tea maker.The breakfast was delicious. Typical English breakfast with toast, eggs, tomato, beans, and meat. You could also get cereal, rolls, etc. if you wanted.The location is excellent, right in the middle of everything. The neighborhood also felt safe. Also, there is a computer in the lobby for guests to use for free, which I really appreciated.The important thing is that I would stay there again. It is a great value. I highly recommend it, especially for a single traveler.	
Jun 12 2008 	Imaculate friendly affordable	Upon arrival we were greeted by the owner and his lovely wife. They made sure we checked in very quickly and settled us into &quot;our&quot; room. Coffee and tea were offered.The hotel is squeaky clean, the beds are very comfortable and the rooms are super quiet.The Goodge underground station is within two blocks of the hotel and Euston Rail Station about 3 blks away. The British Museum is a short walk away as is Oxford Street. There are several coffee/sandwich shops close by and several good cafes.I have stayed at this hotel several times in the past and it is consistienly clean, affordable and you are made to feel at home.The &quot;full English&quot; breakfast was of top quailty and seconds are offered. A piece of fruit can be taken for a mid-morning snack.Don't miss a visit to the book store directly across the street!	
Jun 12 2008 	Very nice for the price	My direct AA flight to London is now landing at Heathrow instead of Gatwick, so I stayed in Bloomsbury (so I could take the Piccadilly line from Russell Square to Heathrow) instead of near Victoria. Great move! Staying in Bloomsbury got me a much nicer B&amp;B than the Victoria area, for almost the same price. While my single at the Arosfa was no bigger than the horrible room at my last Victoria hotel, and had the same style of prefab bathroom cubicle, the bathroom was a little bigger, the carpet was clean, the TV was a new, flat screen model, and, best of all, the window opened onto trees and a back garden. And breakfast was cooked instead of continental.The owners were friendly, and took a phone message for me. The sitting room was comfortable, and I really appreciated the Internet access. This is a great find for the price.	
Jun 2 2008 	A nice place in a great location	This place was nice - not fantastic, but still nice. The location is fabulous - in the heart of Bloomsbury, in easy walking distance to the British Museum and the Welcome collection. I enjoyed my stay here, but would happily try somewhere else next time. The breakfast was pretty good, internet access great, bathroom very small (but clean!). I liked it.	
May 28 2008 	Great Choice	Stay was 5/16/08 to 5/24/08What a great find! I booked this on reviews and suggestions from the Trip Advisor and the Trip Advisor London Forum. First, yes, the place is cleaned meticulously. That was our first view of the place upon arrival--staff outside cleaning and painting on the inside. Cleanliness was so important to me and was what made me book in the first place. We had room #2 which is on the ground floor and faces the private garden. It was such a cute room. It was also next to the lounge which was nice because it felt like an extension of our room. It was very convenient to use the computer in the lounge. The room was small but I have been in smaller. It was very efficiently set up. Looked remodeled recently. There was a flat screen television mounted on the wall in the corner (I would say about 32&quot; or so), a desk directly beneath with a tea hot water warmer, tea bags and instant coffee and a couple of cookies every day. There was also a very nice blow dryer in the room. The television got in about 10 or 15 channels very clearly. It had enough on for when we wanted to watch news in the a.m. when getting ready or relax and watch a little before bed in the evening. There was an iron and ironing board in what would be the basement level (where the breakfast room is). It is in a hallway and anyone can use it which is very convenient.The bathroom was small. It is like a prefabricated &quot;pod&quot; that has everything in it. I liked it, though. It was very cute and spotless. Everything worked fine and got the job done. My husband and I are not petite people by any means and had no problems moving around in there. I am not sure what people were saying about the amenities in the bathroom unless they changed what they stocked by the time we were there. They had a small bar soap but that was for hand washing in the sink. Then, they had a shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, lotion and shower cap. So, everything was there. I have a skin condition so I brought my own stuff but it was there if you needed it. Someone told me that they did not stock washcloths so I brought my own and this was true, no washcloths--but no biggy. There was no dresser if you are staying for a long stay (we stayed for 8 days) but there is a wardrobe with lots of hangers so we were able to unpack pretty much everything and hang it and then use the shelf in the wardrobe for our undergarments etc. The bed was about what the equivalent of a full size bed would be in the U.S. It was ok. I have a really comfy bed at home so it would be hard to beat it but this was fine enough. And, by the end of the day, we would be so exhausted I could have slept on the floor and would not have cared. They had really nice sheets and duvet cover on the bed. All in white. I liked the fact that they were not scratchy sheets. Like when you stay at some hotels and the sheets seem really stiff and scratchy from the laundry soap and low thread count. These were nice and soft. Breakfast--we overslept the first day and were very screwed up with the time and went to breakfast late unbeknownst to us. But, the staff caught us and told us to come on down anyway since we were not that far over and they would at least get us toast, coffee/tea, juice and cereal. Very nice. I made it to breakfast one other time. I am not really a early morning person or morning eater so what I had was good and plenty when I did make it the one time. Eggs, beans, ham, sausage, cereal, toast, fresh fruit and some bakery. All you could really need in a breakfast. In correspondence with Jacqueline from the hotel before the stay, I mentioned that it was our honeymoon trip. When we arrived they had in the room a bottle of champagne on ice, a bowl of fruit and a card congratulating us. How nice was that?!?!?Also, they loaned me a voltage converter so that was nice that I didn't have to purchase one as I am not a big traveler and would probably have not needed/used one in a few years.There is a Tesco Grocery store very close--about 5-10 minute walk. There is a Boots pharmacy about 5 minutes away on Goodge St. The Goodge St Station is about 5 minutes as well and we were able to get everywhere from there without a problem. There were plenty of restaurants nearby and food options. The room did not have a refrigerator which we knew so we brought a small cooler as one of our checked bags. Normally I would not do this but we were there for 8 days so it was nice to have some snacks and beverages in the room for that length of time.My only one con (and it is very small) is that the room did not have an alarm clock or radio. It would have been nice to have a clock and radio to listen to music or set an alarm if needed. Neighborhood--Bloomsbury. Very nice. Younger college crowd. Felt very safe. Pubs in the area only open until 11:00 p.m. All and all, loved it. Would stay here again and recommend to all!Paid 620 ish pounds for 8 nights (that was total with all fees, taxes and VAT). Very good price!	
May 22 2008 	Small but Powerful!	The Arosfa House is one of the most affordable places to stay in London. I have personlly stayed there four times! The rooms and bathrooms are very small but also very clean. My bed was a little uncomfortable but reasonable. There is no elevator and there are 5 floors. Our room was on the 5th floor in the back because the rooms are much quieter there. The proprietor will carry your luggage up the stairs for you so that is a great help.The breakfast is amazing. They will make you a full English breakfast, if you choose, but if you’re a vegetarian they will fix you a breakfast that fits your lifestyle. The staff is excessively friendly and willing to help at all times and fix you whatever you want for breakfast.In the common room there is a TV and books to read (kind of take-and-leave books) plus a computer with Internet access that guests may use. A tea and coffee machine is available at all hours in this room as well.The B&amp;B is located near the Goodge Street tube stop and is just a two block walk down the road. Along the way there is a little convenience store where you can get tube/bus passes and other goodies. Along the road of the Goodge Street stop, is some nice restaurants and shopping. Lester Square is a 10 - 15 minute walk down this road. In the end the Arosfa House is economical, has a great location and terrific proprietors. I’d stay there anytime!	
May 15 2008 	Tourist in London? This is the place to stay!	I spent six nights in the Arosfa together with my grandma and sister and we all liked this little hotel in the centre of London, near the British Museum. We had a clean small room on the top floor, the breakfast was good (English) and the people very friendly. Also, the Arosfa is conviniently located (easy access from Heathrow with Picadilly line; Mme Tussauds, Soho, Covent Garden in walking distance, two tube stations close by). And all for budget prices! Anything to criticize? Well, I should mention that there is no elevator and for older people (or those who carry bricks in their suitcases) 70 steps to the top floor are quite a lot. Plus we could only open the window a crack (safety reasons?) so the nights with three people in one room were pretty warm. But overall - a great place!	
May 8 2008 	Great little hotel	We stayed at the Arosfa Hotel in London in April 2008, based on what we had read on this website.The hotel did not disappoint. It is a great location, immaculately clean, seemingly soundproofed rooms, small bathroom but clean and everything you need, coffee and tea in the room, great sitting room downstairs with free computer / internet, lovely staff and great big breakfast.I would recommend this hotel for anyone except maybe the 5 star traveller types, only because they would be used to a larger facility with room service, etc.	
May 4 2008 	Great small b	I was attending a conference at UCL and just needed a quiet, close, budget place to sleep. I knew I would be getting a very small room, so that didn't surprise me. What did surprise me was how immaculately clean it was. The staff were friendly and accommodating, and breakfast - although not huge - was always prompt, hot, and made to order.Others have commented on the noise - with the window open I found it a bit loud over the weekend, but no more loud than one would expect in that area of town. Others have also commented on the size of the bathrooms - they ARE tiny, but they are yours, and sparklingly clean. I would much rather an ensuite 'shower pod' than a communal loo. There are steep stairs and no lift, but the staff insist on bringing the bags to the room for you (even my great heavy one). I also appreciated the free wireless, and free access to a computer in the communal lounge.I've stayed at other b&amp;bs in the general area for other meetings but from now on the Arosfa will be my first choice.	
Apr 25 2008	what a great experience!!	I started out a hotel in the Southbank area of London and found it to be a very contemporary, high tech, unfriendly, and sterile environment. After one night I cancelled the rest of my reservation and found the Arosfa in my guide book. (I should have read my guide book first instead of waiting until I got there). My guide book was correct in saying it is impeccably clean with reasonable rates but what it didn't say was how warm and welcoming the staff is. Jacqueline and Richard welcomed me and made me feel right at home. They even brought me tea in the lounge during an afternoon break from sight seeing. The lounge is exposed to a lot of natural light and even has a high definition television and a computer with free internet access. The hotel is located right on the very charming Gower Street and is within a couple of blocks from three tube stations. Sure, the rooms are small and the bathrooms are the even smaller but hey, who goes to London to spend the entire time in the bathroom? Breakfast includes a full English breakfast which is delicious. I had such a great experience at the Arosfa Hotel I even hated to leave. I highly recommend the Asrofa Hotel to everyone and I hope your experience is as great as mine was.	
Apr 21 2008 	Wonderful Bed 	First things first...be very cautious when reading negative reviews of this hotel when the reviewer's benchmark is a swanky, ultra-expensive city hotel. Arosfa is a charming, spotless, convenient bed and breakfast providing excellent, you guessed it!, beds and breakfasts! My family of four was overjoyed by the accomodations offered, even better than we had hoped for. The room was immaculate with high ceilings, a new digital widescreen television and a gleaming bathroom with all new fixtures. The water was always hot and plentiful, and the soap and shampoo samples were terrific. Yes, the bathrooms are a bit small compared to the high end London hotels costing 5 times as much per night, but how can you honestly compare the two? Back to the beds and breakfasts! The beds were very comfortable with down comforters and plenty of big, thick pillows. The breakfasts were piping hot, made to order offering your choice of eggs, bacon, beans (!), different cereals. tea, coffee, juices, toast...you get the picture. Food is outrageously expensive in London, and this hearty breakfast will save a family of four $40 to $50 per day in meal expenses. Oh, and you will love the in room kettle and stock of tea and coffee. The staff at Arosfa is top drawer, as well. Richard and Jackie are honest, friendly people who always offer to help with bags, advice, or whatever else one might need. Their newly remodelled sitting room is exceptional with a huge digital television, high speed internet access and plenty of comfortable furniture. The building itself is a marvellous piece of architecture located in the beautful Bloomsbury section of London. We could not have imagined a safer, cleaner neighbourhood in which to stay. There are several tube stations close to the hotel, and there is a bus stop right across the street going anywhere one could want to go in London. We loved listening to the hustle and bustle of London from our room which is always fun for a visitor wanting to blend into the culture. Sure, some folks like boxy, sterile, soundproof, cookie cutter hotel rooms, but not the true lover of British life! Arosfa offers the chance to blend in comfortably without the wall erected by the modern hotel between the visitor and the city. London is like a good friend - treat it well and it will return the favour ten fold. We could easily go on and on about this treasure of a place, but I think we have made our point. Choose a place full of character, value and friendly faces. Do yourself a huge favour and reward yourself with a stay at the Arosfa. The Schulz Family, USA	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Arosfa Hotel in mid March for three nights. It's very convenient for Euston station; we walked to the hotel in about ten minutes. Richard greeted us when we arrived, took our bags to our room whilst we had a cup of tea in the comfortable lounge which is equipped not only by a flat screen T.V. and free internet access, but also tea and coffee facilities. Our room which had recently received a face lift was spotless, as was the bathroom(small but adequate). The breakfasts were excellent as was the housekeeping. Richard, Jackie and the staff are doing a tremendous job, nothing was too much trouble. We shall certainly stay again next time we are in London.	
Apr 9 2008 	Be Ready for a Shock!	Following my commitment to say 5 good things before I say 1 bad I want to commend them for their welcome, for carrying my heavy bag upstairs (no lift/elevator), for a spotless hotel, great lounge and good breakfast. The real shocker was the appalling room! It was a twin, but was so thin that the beds were placed head to head in a straight line. It measured about 6ft X 14ft. The 'bathroom' was a capsule in a cupboard 4ft X 3ft and had a very dangerous high ledge to get into it. It was very similar to a BA loo in economy. The decor of the room was very shabby and the home made cupboards were unfinished and scruffy. The noise from the road is terrible if you open the window, but the tiny room is airless otherwise. I had claustrophobia, and when my wife enquired about changing the room they said they were full and in any case all their rooms were similar.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great place to stay!	I was here last week and I can't say enough nice things. Yes, my room was small and so was the bathroom. I had a lovely view of the garden. The owners were so helpful and kind. I was traveling alone for the first time and they really made it easy for me.The place was spotless and the breakfast good and filling. Asosfa is centrally located in a nice neighborhood near several Tube entrances. There is also a good pub around the corner that served good food and frequented by students from the local university. I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 27 2008 	Small but clean and convenient	Just returned from a trip to London where I stayed two nights in a triple room with my husband and a friend of ours. The triple room had a full size bed for us and a twin for our friend. The staff were friendly although they interacted very minimally. We were able to check in right away once we arrived at around noon. Our room was on the top floor facing the front street. It was quite a hike up the stairs with our bags, but the man that showed us to our room helped me with mine. The room was very clean but very small for three people. Forget any sort of privacy because these are some close quarters! Showering and dressing were a challenge because the bathroom is really too small to dress in, and often challenging to turn around in. But for us it worked out ok because it was mostly a place to just crash at the end of the day. Noise was not a problem even with the window open.The breakfast that is included was standard but nice if you're willing to get up at 8 am for it. The living room on the ground floor seemed to be always available, offering a computer for internet access, a large tv with a couch and chairs, and coffee and tea. We were able to leave our bags for a few hours upon check-out. We paid 95 pounds per night for our triple. The location was very good I thought, within easy walking distance (about 10 minutes) to the wonderful British Museum. And there were many good pubs in the area for meals and drinks. We used the Goodge Street tube station often for sight seeing which was probably only about 5 minutes walk over to the lively Tottenham Court Road. As long as your luggage is on wheels the walk from the Warren Street tube station is not too bad at about 10 minutes. I would definately return to this little B&amp;B, although not in the triple room. Three people in that size room made me claustrophobic.	
Mar 18 2008 	Will Definitely Return	I stayed in the Arosfa for four nights from 7 to 11 January, 2008 and absolutely loved it.I stayed in a single room on the top floor and the gentleman who owns the place was kind enough to carry my bag right up to the door - something which is quite unheard of in London.My room was spotless, yes the bathroom was small, but as I'm only 5ft 4in it wasn't a problem!The location was great, easy access to bus and tube.Next time in London I will definitely stay in the Arosfa again!	
Mar 10 2008 	Basic but good	I just came back from staying at the Arosfa from the 7th of March to the 9th. I stayed in a single room(room nr. 3) facing the back of the building for which I payed £55/night. And yes everything that has been said on this site is true; the room was(is) very small and the bathroom even smaller so if you are a big person or you like having some space to move around in - dont stay here but if you like me arent going to be there so much it was ok. The room was very clean, the bed was better than average and the English breakfast was good. And as others have stated before the staff is very pleasant and accommadating, they made you feel welcome. The location of the hotel is good, about a 5 min walk to Goodge Str Underground Station, 7min walk to Euston Sq St and 10 min to Russel Sq St and if you are up for it 20 -25 min walk to Picadilly Circus.There were two things I didnt appreciate so much: the reception on the TV was lousy and it got a bit cold during the night probably due to the big windows in the room.Other than that I was pleased with my stay and I would go back	
Feb 29 2008 	A great place to stay...	While our hosts at the Arosfa were outstanding, the location of our room determined the quality of our experience. We spent a total of four nights over the course of 2 weeks. Our first night there we stayed in Room 6, which is located at the front of the hotel, overlooking Gower Street. The room was clean and the small en suite bathroom, spotless. While the bed was comfortable(hard pillows!) we were aware of the sounds of traffic most of the night. We can only imagine what it would have been like without the benefit of the storm windows which, happily, muffled, but did not mute, the rumble of lorries and cars.Our travels took us away from London a week, but we booked a room for our return. Management kindly allowed us to leave some of our luggage in their care. We returned to the Arosfa, Feb. 12, and were placed in the room next to the lounge (which was getting a fresh coat of paint and new furniture--including a flat screened T.V.!), which faces the back yard. What a difference! No traffic sounds disturbed our sleep this time (and the pillows? Perfect!). This room was also spotless (the housekeeping staff is outstanding--we got heart shaped soap with our fresh towels on Valentine's Day!). There were samples of Gilchrist &amp; Soames bath gel, shampoo, and lotion in the bath.The Arosfa serves a full English Breakfast. Jackie and Richard take good care of their guests--we felt quite pampered! We would stay here again on the strength of the staff.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great Value in London	My husband and I were very pleased with our stay at the Arosfa. The hotel is in a good location, just a few minutes walk from the Euston Square tube stop, and the price of 75 pounds/night for an ensuite double room is a great value for London. Our room and bathroom were small, but that's to be expected in London. If you don't plan to spend much time in your room as we didn't, the size is not an issue. The breakfast was great and really set us up for a day full of sightseeing. The staff were extremely courteous and helpful. I had blisters on my feet after walking around the city all day, and when I inquired about band-aids they promptly found some for me. They were also happy to let us leave our luggage at the hotel after checkout since we had a late evening flight. All in all, we were very happy with our stay and would definitely return to the Arosfa!	
Feb 25 2008 	Just what we expected	Hotel Arosfa LondonWe selected this hotel, based on the review, on Tripadvisor.I must say, it was just what we expected, a very nice little hotel, with very friendly atmosphere, very nice staff and very cosy.Every day when we return after being in the city the whole day, we came home to a clean room and after a few day, we felt very much this was &quot;our home&quot;.We have already recommended it to our friends, and we will stay here next time in London.	
Feb 11 2008 	Disappointing	After reading previous reviews, it was hard to believe we were staying at the same hotel. The room was incredibly small - even though we'd booked a double room, the bed was smaller than a standard double bed (i.e. less than 4'6&quot;) and pushed up against a wall - if I pay for a double room, I expect a double bed. The pillows felt like pillowcases filled with bricks. On the topic of noise...oh, dear. Avoid the front of the hotel, as it's on a busy junction, which doesn't provide a steady flow of traffic, but instead has the noise of rapidly accelerating traffic away from the traffic lights. (Having to jam windows shut with toiurist guides wasn't great either!) The walls are paper-thin, with you able to hear everything from the next rooms, both in this hotel and the one next door!!Beware being a minute late for breafast...the door to the breakfast room will be locked!On the plus side, the bathroom was small but was very clean, and the location is good, but that's about it.	
Feb 5 2008 	A little gem	What a great find! A beautifully kept small hotel in a great location.everybody very friendly and helpful. I know the bathroom in our room was very very tiny but everything else made up for that. It was so clean it sparkled. It was great not to have people running up and down corridors. I really enjoyed my stay here.lovely breakfast	
Jan 30 2008 	Safety issues	Although there is much to be commended about this hotel, there are also safety issues. In particular, the shower and WC facilities in Room 9 are entirely unsuitable for those who are elderly, in any way immobile, or simply rather large. The single room itself was tiny &amp; quite basic, but clean and also quiet. However, the problems of accessing the shower and the W.C. by means of an extremely high step were deeply offputting. The owner told me that this is the only room with such extreme problems, but the ensuite shower &amp; bathroom facilities in all rooms must also be extremely cramped. Potential visitors shouldn't be misled by the many positive reviews of this hotel into expecting anything more than is on offer.	
Dec 7 2007 	Perfect!	The Arosfa was the perfect hotel for us in London. The room and bathroom were simple and small, but very clean. A nice garden view and a large lounge more than make up for the small room. The best thing about the Arosfa is the value! The free Wi-Fi and guest computer saved us a lot of time and trouble. The free breakfast also saved us a fortune. Each day we had freshly made eggs, bacon or sausage, cereal, grilled tomato, toast and coffee and juice. We were always stuffed when we left which saved us a lot of money since we rarely had to eat much for lunch. We also loved the Bloomsbury area, we always felt safe, and its proximity to the British museum and 2 different tube lines made it very convenient. We will definetly stay there again when we return to London.	
Dec 4 2007 	Excellent	London is a very expensive city. It is hard to find a decent room with bathroom inside without spending much money. The Arosfa could be the answer.My evaluation:Location: Excellent. 100 meters from the tub.Room: OK. Very clean but very small. The bathroom is really small!Price: Good, for London standards. 50 pounds/night, full bathroom. Staff: Excellent. Mr. Hipolito and Mrs. Elza did everything they could to make our stay perfect.Breakfast: Excellent. Very above average.General opinion: I recommend it.	
Dec 4 2007	great	This hotel was just what I needed after five sleepless nights in france. The room was spare but cozy and the staff were very friendly. There's a nice common room downstairs and a computer so you can check your email. The hotel is very central and you can walk to the west end. Great for a single traveler.	
Nov 14 2007 	Get more than you expect :)	I stayed at Arosfa hotel from 27 Oct till 30 Oct 2007 and it was really good experience - exellent location, great price, tidy room, very good breakfast and cheerful owners. I've got some experience with staying in London budget hotels and I should say I would definitely stay at Arosfa again.	
Nov 11 2007 	Loved the Arosfa	My wife and I booked this hotel directly from their website and received prompt replies to our inquiries from the owners Mr. and Mrs. Dorta. Upon our 8:30 AM arrival we were promptly shown to our room which was Room #2 on the main floor. The room was immaculately clean and looked out onto anstne fenced garden area. The room was adjacent to the hotel's lounge which was equipped with free internet access, a travel center loaded with brochures, and very comfortable sofas and loveseats to relax on. It was almost like having our own suite with the lounge right outside our room door. Yes, the bathroom was small and compact; but sparkling clean and efficient. The room contained individually-controlled heating units which was to our liking as we like it on the cool side at night for sleeping. The full English Breakfast that was served each morning by Mrs. Dorta began with our choice of cereals, orange juice, and coffee, then was followed by eggs, bacon, sausage, baked beans, tomatoes, toast and jellies - all that you wanted. It was superb. Both Mr. and Mrs. Dorta made us feel welcome and were most accomodating to our every need. The hotel is located in the Bloomsbury Area and is filled with history all around. It's a short walk to the British Library, British Museum, and the many antiquarian bookstores in the area. There are some fine pubs with good deals for dinner close by. We felt very safe walking around the area after dark. We stayed here for our first three nights in London and would very highly recommend this B and B to anyone traveling to London. An &quot;A+.&quot;	
Oct 30 2007 	A lovely hotel	It is a lovely hotel. The location is great - just a block away from an underground station, 5 min walk from the British museum, easy to find quick bite around, nice neighborhood. The owners are friendly. The room and common areas are well maintained, very clean, very comfortable. We asked for an extra pillow and a hair dryer, they were already in our room when we arrived. Breakfast is excellent, much better than what we would expect. The room is a little bit small, especially the bathroom. But it is still manageable, with some skills (just pack accordingly - take travelling size). By the way, according to the European standard, the room is probably not THAT small. We have been to similar size room in Paris, but no where as clean as this one. We will definitely come back to this one if we visit London again... Highly recommended.	
Oct 22 2007 	Wonderful place to stay!	Arosfa is an all-around great place to stay. I spent 3 nights there, along with a few members of my family. The rooms are clean and well cared for, the breakfast each morning was more than I expected (I thought it would just be rolls and orange juice, but it was a full breakfast with choice of eggs and bacon, cereal and toast), and the staff was wonderful. The owner helped me arrange for an early morning cab to the airport, and when I went downstairs at 5 am to meet my cab, the owner was there. He waited with me to ensure that I made it off safely. The location was also great. It is a 5 minute walk to the nearest Underground station. It is also just a 10-15 minute walk to Euston train station, and about 15-20 minutes walk from Kings Cross station. I would stay here again in a heartbeat, and I know my family members felt the same way.	
Oct 1 2007 	Little gem in central London	The reviews are right - this hotel was a wonderful find. I paid 55 pounds for a slightly larger single room, and had an absolutely quiet room on the top floor at the back. The hotel is immaculately clean, and the owners very friendly and helpful. Though the bathrooms are small (as pointed out) the low price (for London), the good situation, the friendliness, and cleanliness much more than make up for it. Great breakfast included (though it stops at 9 am). The hotel was right by University College London (important for me). Certainly highly recommended.	
Sep 8 2007 	for a great hotel try the arosfa	We recently returned from 14 nights accomodation at the Arosfa, whilst on holiday in London. Thoroughly recommended, owners are so friendly and helpful. A cheerful place to stay. Rooms were small and ensuites small, but when all one needs is somewhere to sleep and shower, one cannot go past this hotel. Appearance is neat and tidy, inside and out. Very quiet and a strict no-smoking policy. We were very impressed, and would stay here again when our travels lead us london way. Other travellers from all over europe and the states. Breakfast in a central dining room a cheerful atmosphere and plenty to eat. would highly recommend. Mark and Dianne Richards, Australia.	
Sep 2 2007 	Recommended!	I agree with what the other reviews have said: great location, homey and welcoming, and the breakfast is a nice touch. The Arosfa was one of the few affordable places my family could find with a room that held four people AND had an ensuite bathroom (it was the size of a closet, but hey, it was ensuite!). The free Internet in the sitting room was very helpful, and the owners were very accommodating when they let us store our luggage after we checked out since we had almost a full day before we needed to get to our next destination. Also, we could tell they took great pride in the place, as they had staff constantly cleaning - the front steps, railing, doorstep and windowsills literally sparkled.	
Aug 30 2007	Highly recommended	We decided to stay at Arosfa hotel as it was recommended in a travel guide that we'd read prior to our visit to London. What a wonderful place with welcoming staff and a real home from home atmosphere. The quad room we stayed in was truly spotless with ample room for 3 adults. The en-suite was small but adequate and the cleanliness first rate. The location of Arosfa hotel is excellent, very near to Goodge St underground station and Euston St. A thoroughly enjoyable stay.	
Aug 17 2007 	Highly recommended !	I stayed at the Arosfa with my nine year old daughter, for three nights. The hotel is excellent value for money and every area is cleaned to a high standard. The owners and staff are friendly and made us feel welcome.Our room was compact and comfortable, overlooking the walled garden at the rear of the property. The garden was a real bonus, somewhere to sit and enjoy the complimentary coffee. Breakfast is served in the basement dining room. All the food served had been carefully selected for quality and the cooked breakfast was perfect.I've recommended the Arosfa to friends who will be visiting London and will certainly stay there again.	
Aug 3 2007 	Great location very clean	The Arosfa is in a great location across the street from University College London and a 5 minute walk to both the Goodge street and Euston tube stops and the British Museum. The room was average size for London. One bonus was that we had an extra twin bed in our room that we were able to store our luggage on. Breakfast was typical English breakfast and was quite good. The only negative was that the bathroom was truly miniscule. However, like everything else, it was completely spotless and a small inconvenience given all the other pluses. I would stay at the Arosfa again and highly recommend it.	
Jul 27 2007	good experience would recommend	I chose Arofsa based solely on the good reviews from Trip Advisor. Thought I should return the favor by giving my honest assessment to fellow travelers.Pros: 5 minute walk British Museum5 minute walk from Goodge stationWalking distant to many pubs/shops – college sceneClean (bathroom was spotless)Good water pressure (Believe me, that is important!)Fair/honest/friendly ownersHigh-speed internet in loungeFree instant coffee/tea in loungeLots of travel books in lounge for referenceNegatives:Definitely not a page from Elle Décor, but hey, it’s 75 pound per night.En-suite bathroom size was same size as airplane bathroom, but it’s very cleanNo elevators (owner Dorta was there to lend a hand with heavy luggage)Mattress was smaller than North-American twin sizeBring your own shampoo (they only give soap)Everything the other recent reviews said are true. Have fun in London!!!	
Jun 30 2007 	English Charm at a good price	We stayed 5 nights at the Arosfa and enjoyed our stay. We thought it was a good value for the location, a short walk to Goodge St. Tube station, and a manageable walk to Soho and the Theatre District. The breakfast is hearty and gives a good start to your day. There is a very nice common area where you can help yourself to hot coffee or tea, use the computer to check e-mail or access the internet, browse their excellent collection of travel books, or just chat with other guests. We were lucky to have met some other nice travelers in this hotel during our stay. The rooms were small, but we expected this from the prior reviews that we read. The bathroom was also small, but efficient in design. The mattresses in our room were not the most comfortable I have slept on, but probably not the worst either...we were able to sleep and that was all that was important. I did think the owners could be more generous with soap, there was only the smallest of bars in the bathroom when we checked in, and I was glad that we had brought our own soap and shampoo! Our room was at the very top of a long flight of stairs (no lift), and rather exhausting to get up, especially with luggage, but we did have assistance from the owner when we checked in. You should also know that they have a policy of not allowing you to bring guests to your room, but to be honest, the rooms are too small for entertaining anyways.	
Jun 22 2007 	Really Happy With Choice	I chose Arosfa Hotel based on the reviews posted on TripAdvisor. Looking at Arosfa's website I was nervous about my choice but remembering all the positive reviews I stuck with it and I'm very glad I did.I stayed in a single room that overlooked the garden, it's not a pretty garden but given the hotel is on a busy street requesting a room on that side should ensure a quite nights sleep. The room was small but very comfortable. As you can imagine the bathroom was incredibly tiny, but I wasn't bothered by it. When you shower you have to close the door otherwise the steam will set off the alarm but again that's not a real inconvenience.The room has a colour tv, telephone and heater but it's not air conditioned. I did spot a very small desk fan sitting on top of the cupboard available for use! Everyday the room was cleaned, bed was made and fresh towels were provided. In the sitting room there is a tea and coffee facility, free Internet and lots of brochures for things to do and see whilst visiting London. The hotel doesn't make any bookings for you to go see a show or do a tour, it's all up to you to organise for yourself.Breakfast is a bit of an event, just sit down and be served. It's the same menu everyday but there's lots of it and your looked after quite well. The staff are very prompt at clearing your table and will continue to offer you endless servings of food until you say no more.The hotel is situated in a great area, being a woman traveling on my own I felt quite safe wandering back late at night. It's just a two minute walk from Goodge St Station, about five minutes to the British Museum, 20 minutes to Convent Garden and some great West End Productions. Buses also run down Gower St, I never caught one but they're easily available. There are lots of restaurants, ATM's, chemists, supermarkets and if you ask the staff they'll point you to the nearest laundromat about 10 minutes away. All staff were very friendly, the owners were quite welcoming. I didn't feel like I was staying in a hotel, I felt like I was a guest in someone's home, this is definantly a place I will use again. The strict no smoking policy is also an incentive, nothing worse than a stinky room and pillow reeking of smoke.I paid 50 pound a night, very reasonable for a very expensive city. Hope my notes have helped. Enjoy your holiday :)	
Jun 7 2007 	Value for money	Spent 5 nights at the Arosfa in May 2007. This small family run hotel is simple, clean and safe and offers real value for money at 50 pounds per night, including a hot breakfast. The rooms are tiny, and the ensuite bathrooms are also tiny. Ensuite bathrooms are like a caravan bathroom that have been dropped into the corner of the hotel room - there is a step of perhaps one foot up to enter the bathroom. Hotel does not have a lift. One odd thing about this little hotel is that it does not allow guests to have visitors in the rooms! If you want a base to sleep and breakfast at while you explore London then this is a good hotel. If you want your friends to call you will need to find somewhere else.	
Jun 4 2007 	Don't really want to stay there again	We stayed three nights in Arosfa in May/June 2007 (room 6 on first floor). The temperature outside was very pleasant: around 20 degrees. The room, however, was a furnace. I can't imagine how the poor people who visit London in a heat wave manage to survive in Arosfa. I think I would have had a heart attack if I had stayed in that room in really hot weather. Opening the window wasn't an option either, because of the loud traffic noise outside on Gower Street.The room and the en suite bathroom were very clean, though seriously tiny. The double bed was against the wall --- not the most comfortable of arrangements. I think the proprietors have just put a double bed in a room which was meant to be a single. The bathroom was so small that when I bent down at the tiny sink to wash my face, my bottom would be right against the door.Another problem was the high step leading to the bathroom. There was one step where there should have been two. When you were coming out of the bathroom into the room, you had to remind yourself that the bathroom floor was quite a bit higher than the room floor, so that you wouldn't stumble headlong into the room.There was no hairdryer, but you could borrow one and return it when you left.Now the real problem: there was no hospitality tray in the room. I like drinking coffee first thing in the morning, before I shower and start the day. No chance of that: you either had to go down to the basement for breakfast or down to the ground floor guest lounge where there was an instant coffee machine and paper cups. We paid £75 per night for our tiny teeny double room. Surely that would entitle us to a few coffee or tea bags and a kettle?On top of this, they locked the lounge at 10:30 pm. So when you came back late at night and wanted to relax in the lounge with a tea or coffee, instead of returning to your hot cubby hole upstairs, you couldn't do that. Why on earth do they lock the guest lounge, especially when they don't provide hospitality trays in the rooms?The best thing about Arosfa is that the couple running the place are polite and pleasant. When we arrived, they helped us carry our luggage upstairs, instead of handing us the keys and telling us where to go, as is the custom at this price range hotel in London.	
Apr 29 2007 	A touch of home in busy London	This hotel is not for those who need the conceirge expreience when traveling. The Dortas do provide the comforts of home, safe environment and value.My stay was for 5 nights and then a return for 4 nights. Had different rooms in the stays. Of course, you want to stay in the rear if you are a light sleeper due to traffic. The biggest blessing for me was no lifts. If you are unfortunate to get a room near the lifts make it horrible to sleep. Dito on no ice machine to make that nights sleep even worse.Tea and coffee are available in a lovely lounge with free WIFI or use of a PC. The lounge is closed from 10:30 p.m. until 7:00 a.m. So no noise for those in lower level rooms.The Dortas know each of the guests and greet them warmly over a lovely English breakfast in the morning.Loved the hotel but agree that the ensuite bathrooms are tiny and will not suit everyone. Smallish beds and you will have to bring your own toiletries. Small details to stay in a lovely guest house with charming owners.	
Apr 21 2007 	Home Away From Home	What a great place to stay. We are a family of four who stayed here for a week. The owners, the Dortas, were kind and wonderful. They made us feel very welcome. It's also a great location - easy to get to everything by bus, train or foot. Would go again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 20 2007 	Outstanding Value	There are three of us adults staying at this hotel. We told them thatwe would be arriving early and that we would appreciate extra pillowsand a hairdrier. We arrived at 9:30 am and our room was ready. The people that had our room earlier had left early that morning to catcha plane, and the owners cleaned our room to make it ready for us whenwe arrived. Sure enough, there were extra pillows and the hairdrier in our room. Everyone talks about the small bathrooms...and they are very, very small. I am 6 foot and weight about 195 Lbs and the bathroom was tight for me, but not so much for my wife and daughter.Enough said. A full English breakfast is included each morning and it is very good...toast, eggs, coffee, tea, bacon, sausage, English beans, tomato, and cereal. They always ask if you want more. The location is excellent and in a very good section of London, near Regents park. Goodge Street station is two blocks away. This hotel isprobably the most clean hotel I have ever stayed in, and I have stayed in Marriotts, Hiltons, Hyatt, Conrad Hilton, etc. This hotel is unbeatable in price for London and in a great location. Around the corner, you can buy tube tickets, oyster cards, and the ATM is two blocks away, and good pubs within two blocks. The owners are extremely friendly and helpful. I have pictures that I will upload when I return to the States. If you are looking for a safe, clean Hotel with an outstanding VALUE, look no further.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 8 days while visiting London and loved it! The owners were both so friendly and helpful and made the hotel feel like our home during our stay. The hotel is in a great location not far from several tube stops and the British Museum. The rooms are small but cozy and are the cleanest rooms I have ever seen in a hotel! We will definitely be staying at the Arosfa next time we visit London!	
Nov 7 2006 	Lovely place!	We stayed in Arosfa for a week in August 2006... It's such a lovely b&amp;b and the owners are absolutely friendly and kind!We had a wonderful english breakfast every morning, with milk, cereals, eggs, bacon, toasts and so on!!!Rooms are a bit small but so clean and with all facilities! The location is good for the sightseeing with underground station nearby.Absolutely we recommend it. Surely will stay again here.	
Oct 28 2006 	A Great Base in London	We spent four days in this hotel from October 16th until 20th. The room was spotlessly clean and tidy and had adequate space for our group of three. The bathroom was very small but very clean. Mr and Mrs Dorta and their staff were very friendly and helpful. They gave us advice about facilities such as laundromats nearby and the best way to catch the tube to Heathrow. On our first day, we arrived early and our room was ready so we had use of it from 9 oclock in the morning. This was greatly appreciated as we had had a long night of travelling.I would certainly stay here again when visiting London. The breakfasts were great too!	
Oct 18 2006 	Just what I expected!	I have stayed at the Arosfa twice now and the only reason I would stay elsewhere in London, well there are two reasons. If I ever win the lottery I intend to book in at Clarridge's. But, since I don't play the lottery, the only other reason I would book elsewhere is to do self-catering.Yes, the rooms are tiny. Yes, the bathrooms are hilarious (I had my elbow in the sink when sitting on the toilet! but at least I had my own toilet). Yes, there is no elevator. And yes, you may have to share a table at breakfast if it is a busy time. But if you do your research and know better than to expect an American-style hotel experience, you will enjoy the Arosfa. Or, you can pay many times the price and get an American style hotel room elsewhere. But who goes to London to spend time in their hotel room anyway?The Arosfa is in a good neighborhood, just a few minutes walk to a tube station. It is about halway in between and easy walking distance to either the British Library or the British museum. The only problem with the location is the Waterstone's directly across the street. This proved to be a problem as the first time I stayed there, when I checked in at the airport, I had to take books out of my suitcase because it was over the weight limit!The rooms are tiny but otherwise pleasant and clean. Each room has its own tiny bathroom and there is a television in your room if you need to check the weather, etc. The breakfast is simple, but filling, with a choice of several cold cereals, plus toast, juice, tea, eggs and meat. There is also a pub around the corner that serves decent hot meals. And the cabbies can't believe you're getting that location at that price!	
Oct 16 2006 	Loved it - highly recommended.	I spent seven nights at the Arosfa Hotel last week. I found the hotel on Trip Advisor and the reviews posted here were accurate, thank goodness. I had a wonderful experience with the hotel and definitely plan to stay there again.The Arosfa is extremely clean - I challenge anyone to find even a speck of dust. I stayed in a single room for £45 a night. I requested and received a room overlooking the garden. Gower is a rather busy street and the rooms facing the back are definitely quieter. The travel pillow I brought along was unnecessary as their pillow was of good quality and comfortable. I'm not used to sleeping in a single bed, but that was fine after the first night.The entire hotel is strictly non-smoking and this is enforced. Big selling point for me, actually. The owners and two staff were very friendly and accommodating. For breakfast, I was offered the choice of four cereals, eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, tea, coffee and orange juice. I don't eat meat and Mrs. Dorta immediately offered fresh tomato. I was quite surprised to see TWO tomatoes were served in wedges along with my eggs as I expected a couple of slices. Twice during my visit, grilled tomatoes were prepared for everyone. The coffee was very good, unlike the coffee served in most British establishments. It appears the helpings are unlimited as I saw people start off with cereal then have a full breakfast of eggs, bacon and sausage. Mrs. Dorta offered to get more toast etc. On my last morning there before heading to the airport, Mrs. Dorta served me a bigger breakfast than my usual order for the previous week and said, &quot;you have a big day ahead and will need it&quot;. It's the small personal touches like this that will bring me back and ensure I recommend the hotel to friends and strangers alike.The launderette is a 5-7 minute walk from the hotel and there are several tube stations within walking distance. The theatre district, major museums and other attractions are all within walking distance. There are major bus routes on Gower and the number 29 will take you directly to Trafalgar Square. I got into the habit of just boarding a bus to see where it would take me (I had purchased a week-long Oyster travel card for £22.50 for unlimited travel).One tip - if you need to do a laundry while there, do not eat at the cafe across the street (same side of Marchmount as Laundromat). It has a lovely little patio along two sides of the building, but the peroxide blonde owner (German or Swiss, couldn't tell) is the most miserable person I encountered during my entire time in London. Barely suppressed contempt when taking my order and she fully unleashed her angry, miserable personality on her poor staff. If I hadn't already paid and the coffee prepared, I would have walked out. I asked the one poor chap who bore the brunt of her humiliating abuse if it was an off day or if she was always like this and he said that she was always like that. He was looking for another job.When travelling via the tube to the hotel from the airport, Goodge is the closest station, but the Warren station (a few more blocks away) is more convenient as it is one line from Victoria station. One has to change lines to get to Goodge from Victoria. It is easier to walk three blocks extra with luggage than to change lines and deal with stairs.The Sainsbury, pubs and restaurants all shut down by 9-10ish in the immediate vicinity of the hotel, but if you walk on Tottenham Rd. towards Warren station, you will find a Sainsbury's open until midnight. Again, the Arosfa is very clean and has an excellent location. I feel confident in recommending this hotel to anyone travelling on a budget as it is good value for the money in London.	
Sep 28 2006 	Lovely Little Hotel	We stayed at the Arosfa for two nights in March 2006. Yes, rooms are small, but very clean. How much time do you spend in a hotel room when in London? The Arosfa ticks all my boxes, clean, excellent location and a hearty cooked breakfast, can't do better at the price.	
Jul 31 2006 	Highly Recommend Arosfa	We stayed at Arosfa for 4 nights in May and were very pleased. Our room and the whole hotel were very clean and the location was excellent. We especially liked the easy access to the British Museum. The breakfast was excellent as well. The only concern (as mentioned in previous reviews) was the small bathroom. Ours was about the size of an airplane bathroom. This did not bother us, but it may be a problem for larger than average size people. If you can, ask for the double room on the ground floor facing the garden--it is absolutely peaceful and relaxing.	
Jun 25 2006	excellent facilities at the arosfa	We stayed for 5 nights in May 2006. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were spotlessly clean. You can tell that the owners take great pride in their facility. It is in a great location close to public transit. The next time we are in London we will stay here.	
Jun 6 2006	Wonderful Resting Place!	We spent five days at the Arosfa in early May. We were impressed with the cleanliness of our room and the friendliness of the staff. Being close to several tube stations and within walking distance of the British Museum and several London theatres made this an ideal location. The English breakfast was tasty and served with a smile. When we return to London, the Arosfa will be our hotel.	
Apr 9 2006	I would certainly recommend the Arosfa Hotel		
Feb 21 2006	A very warm welcome		
Dec 5 2005	There must be a lot better than this!		
Oct 31 2005	Fifth time and would go back again		
Oct 12 2005	Great value for money		
Jul 19 2005	Small but perfectly formed (if you get a room at the back)		
May 14 2005	Great Little Hotel		
Apr 26 2004	are you going for a hotel or to see london		
Feb 6 2004	tiny but clean		
Jan 7 2004	Size sometimes matters		
Nov 18 2009 	Veramente carinopulito e accoglientemi sono sentita a casa...		
Nov 9 2009 	Arosfa Hotel: una bella sorpresa.		
Nov 9 2009 	Un bon compromis !		
Nov 3 2009 	Muy buena experiencia		
Oct 7 2009 	¡Estupendo! de una limpieza impecable y confortable		
Oct 6 2009 	da Arosfa...		
Jul 27 2009 	Demasiado caro para lo que ofrecen.		
Jul 13 2009 	Vergonzoso		
Jul 13 2009 	Indignante		
Jul 12 2009 	Hotel solo para ingleses		
Jun 30 2009 	piacevole e pulito		
May 3 2009 	Muy agradable		
Feb 13 2009 	Excellent séjour dans cet hôtel!		
Sep 27 2008 	Muy buena elección		
Sep 16 2008 	Piccolo ma confortevole e pulito		
Sep 5 2008 	piacevole soggiorno		
Aug 28 2008 	Un gioiellino per qualità-prezzo		
Aug 22 2008 	Tutte vere e attendibili le precedenti recensioni di Tripadvisor		
Jul 21 2008 	Os lo recomiendo!		
Apr 8 2008 	Wundervolles zentrales familiengeführtes sauberes günstiges Hotel		
Oct 10 2007 	Arosfa ist ein tolles Hotel		
Apr 13 2007 	Sin lujos pero muy recomendable		
Nov 2 2006 	Hôtel très agréable		
