	overpriced/overrated	We booked a theatre package which recommended this ( 4 Star hotel !) My sisters &amp; myself were looking forward to a relaxing birthday celebration.The first thing was one of our rooms was still not ready at 4pm then we discovered one was considerably smaller &amp; very dark we asked for another room but were told there were no more to be had. we could not get a seat or meal in the hotel on Saturday as there are no facilities for paying guests over the general public the only thing we were told to do was order room service ! considering the overpriced rate of this hotel we wondered what facilities we were paying for. Breakfast was good but we were kept waiting for a table each morning &amp; the dinning room was very cold, on complaining we were ignored..staff we very abrupt and rude On our last day we tried to get a meal before leaving only to be told they had run out of food &amp; the kitchen was closed ! we have travelled &amp; lived abroad for several years &amp; I can honestly say this is the most dismissive disorganised overpriced hotel we have had the misfortune to stay in . because they have a captive audience due to location (which is very good),pride in a job well done along with standards &amp; quality are sadly lacking (watch out for the same standard reply from the hotel)	
Nov 26 2009 	Everything was great until the mice showed up	This hotel is fantastically located in Covent Garden, and because of that I will probably stay again despite the mice in my room. i'm tolerant that way, but others might not be! I saw them on three occasions in my room, once when I was typing at my desk, another time when emerging from the shower (thus resulting in an epic sitcomesque womanly screech in the washroom), and the third while getting ready to retire. I should have asked for a discount, but the front desk clerk didn't actually ask how my stay was (maybe he didn't want to hear about the undeclared occupants?), and I was late for my flight in any case. But a warning to the sqeamish to be wary of what squeaks in the night! Also, the gym was terrible.	
Nov 20 2009 	Location excellent - would highly recommend this hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The front desk staff were very helpful and nothing was any bother. The location was excellent - so close to everything that I was able to walk everywhere. I stayed in a standard room and was very pleased with the size (but if I was with a partner) I would have found the room a bit small. The bathroom was big. The only downside is that there wasn't a separate shampoo &amp; conditioner which I think would be better than the hair/shower gel. The bar was a great place to sit and people watch and the bar staff were very attentive. The bar has a very extensive cocktail and drink list. I didn't eat in the restaurant but there are plenty of places to eat nearby.I would stay here again but it would depend on price, as on this occasion I got a very good deal.	
Nov 20 2009 	Great location and hotel bar but room small and service mixed	Had a two night stay. Fantastic location for west end and main reason for booking. Hotel bar lovely.Good check in service and quick to respond when we complained about our intial room on 6th floor - very small, lights not working and a welcome note addressed to a different party. They explained couldn't offer upgrade due to hotel being full on second night. but did change our room to the second floor and a little more space. Disappointed though with service. On check in we didn't intend to put drinks on a tab so credit card details not provided. At the end of the night though we did have a couple of drinks in bar and on coming to pay were told no problem putting on room, so we did. We then retired to bed. At midnight we then received a phone call to the room asking for us to come and pay. My partner explained we were staying two nights and could we sort in morning but the individual insisted on coming up to room to collect payment. My partner therefore had to get out of bed and find payment. Not the kind of service I was expecting especially as  their records would show we were staying a second night so not intending to run off. This let the whole experience down and disappointing. I would restay but mainly for location and would definatley book a superior room as rooms are small compared to other london hotels.	
Nov 7 2009 	Only OK given the price	I stayed here for 2 nights the weekend of the Pats v Buccs NFL game. All the reviews are correct in so much as the location is excellent everything you want to see is a short walk. The staff are all friendly and professional, with an exception I'll come to later.We had a standard room and they are small and they could do with a refurbishment. The beds are small and one side of our mattress was sagging and really needed to be replaced. On the upside our room was very quiet and we were not disturbed at all by plumbing, AC, guests etc, which was good given the room size.Whether you give this hotel a 3 or 4 star IMO depends on the price you pay. We met some friends over from the US and they got a 3 night stay for $330 an excellent deal. We paid £320 for two nights, which even by London standards was expensive. Also the food and drinks here are v expensive, a shame as the bar is excellent. So a Baileys sets you back £7.50 and breakfast (which is v good) £18.00. Problem here is that on Sunday evening London shuts down at 11.00PM. Our US guests, on vacation, wanted a few drinks after midnight but we had the distinct impression that the bar staff just wanted to shut up shop and go home. Fair enough, but when you are paying these extortionate prices is it too much to ask for a drink to be served without been made feel as though you have just let wind in a lift?	
Nov 5 2009 	It was ok for what i saw of it	Reviewers arent lying about the size of rooms. Our room was on the first floor, pretty small and everyone on the street outside could see in. I dont like being on the low floors but i didnt see the point of complaining as we were only there for 1 night. I shut the curtains and put the lights on instead. The room was quite small, if you were staying for more than 3 days with a suitcase, you might struggle for space, but again, for 1 night it was ok. Everything in the room worked fine. The bathroom was nice. We were unfortunate to be on the same floor as some really noisy American guests who wouldnt shut up even at half 3 in the morning. I was close to complaining to reception but then they left. Not the hotels fault and im sure they would have sorted it out if i had complained. The location was excellent though. Just near everything so that was handy. Didnt try breakfast, cant afford it!! On checking out, i was a bit wary of not being asked for my pin number for my credit card. Is this normal in London?! I enjoyed our stay but when i had booked this hotel as a treat for my partners birthday, it was just the little things that really let it down when i had paid so much for the room. Id suggest others to make special requests in advance to guarantee the perfect stay.	
Nov 4 2009 	Ok'ish at best.....	Stayed here for 1 night only, thanks god.Room was clean, fair enough. But to pay gbp140 for a 1bed room, which was incredible small.To get to your rooms, you had to walk through small claustrophobic corridors, making it an unpleasant experience. Location is central, but i didnt wouldnt stay here again for this money, given shoebox proportions of the room.	
Oct 31 2009 	Courteous stay in great location	We had an overnight stay at the Mountbatten which is located in an excellent position in the heart of Covent Garden within easy walking distance to theatreland and excellent restaurants. Our superior king room was a good sized bedroom, very peaceful overlooking the pretty leafy Monmouth Street. Our welcome on arrival was welcoming and we were treated with courtesy and helpfulness by all the staff. The hotel is attractive, clean and comfortable with a 'homely' feel to it. I cannot comment on the restaurant as we did not have lunch or dinner. Breakfast was adequate although the bacon and eggs a trifile overcooked. However this faded into the background compared with the excellence of the rest of the hotel. W would certainly stay there on our next visit to London.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastically central location but nothing out of the ordinary	Slap bang on Seven Dials, so right in the centre of the west end and ideal if you're visiting London for theatre or restaurants. Nothing outstanding about this place. Clean rooms and nice bed linen. Lovely (but rather old) sash windows that let in the noise and a slight draft. One very wierd feature of the service was a 'Welcome' phone call to the room. One wonders why it was necessary? When I returned from my evening appointment at 11pm, I was slightly worried to see a message on the TV screen that I had a voicemail - obviously very important! Er, no. As a grown adult, I'm not sure I needed to hear a message that basically consisted of 'phone us if you want anything'!I'd been in the hotel for three hours before I left for my meeting at 7pm, so why didn't the 'welcome' come then.	
Oct 24 2009 	Excellent room dodgy water supply	We had a suite on the 7th floor and it was fantastic - but the water supply was very erratic in the morning. I was left 'high and dry' in the shower on the first morning! No water from the taps for about five minutes.Don't bother with breakfast - go along the road to Franx cafe, full english with toast and coffee for a fiver. Also recommend Cafe Pasta for dinner.The bar is expensive and not very exciting. Terrific location though. Free wireless internet is good too.	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Location but a few hiccups	I was there with my sister and 86yr old Mother for one night only. We arrived at 12noon not really expecting our rooms to be available-and they weren't. We left our luggage and came back for 2pm to book in.Only one of the rooms we booked was ready and the other was still not ready when we finally had to leave to get lunch at 2.45pm. We were therefore unable to get access to that one until we returned from the theatre at 11.30pm. Not acceptable. To be fair, they did offer refreshments to compensate and we settled for one free breakfast instead. The position of this hotel was perfect and despite the rooms being small, they were quiet. Pillows were like bricks but bed was comfy. Bathroom was very clean unless you lay in the bath and saw the rim inder the toilet, which was needing a good clean. Management please note!! On the same street there is a great restaurant called Box and the staff in there are so cheerful and friendly that it's worth a visit. Food was far better than a more upmarket restaurant we had eaten in the night before. Baz the waiter deserved his tip! Would return to this hotel but hopefully would not encounter the few problems we experienced.	
Oct 23 2009 	Lovely Hotel in an excellent location friendly helpful staff and super comfortable beds.	Located beside Seven Dials , Covent Garden one of the most vibrant areas in London. interesting small shops and coffee shops on our doorstep. .We were greeted by friendly staff who gave me a bigger room wihout hesitation when I complained about the size of the 1st room we were assigned. Lovely reception area to sit and relaxe. The bed must have been a super king sizs with the MOST comfortable mattress and pillows I have experienced in any Hotel. to date. Also sound proof walls and windows, the silence during the night was remarkable for a city centre location. We did not eat in the hotel as breakfast was not included but the restaurant looked nice. It was a little above our budget but well worth the extra as I could not fault it. We will stay there again	
Oct 21 2009 	Great location	Found this hotel over the internet while looking for best value versas star rating. My wife and i stayed two nights. The hotel staff was great, the room was super and the location could not have been better. We were able to walk to most major sites and were blocks away from their broadway and plenty of shopping and food.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location not sure about the hotel.	We went up to London for the weekend and booked this hotel via the advice given on trip advisor. We went for their dulex room which we found spacious but oddly designed and poorly decorated. From a location point of view I couldn't fault it however there were a few let downs such as, the kettle and the TV didn't work in the room (though they did fix them) They only had one lift working in the hotel, the room keys seemed to be faulty and little things like the complimentary news paper never arrived in the morning.	
Oct 17 2009 	Small but perfectley formed	My husband and I stayed one night and its a shame it couldn't be longer. The room was a standard double and yes it was small but had everything we needed. The room was on the first floor above the dial restaurant and we heard no noise from it dispite it teaming with people. All the staff were so pleasant and polite and seemed to genuinley want to help. The postion of this hotel meant that my husband was able to go off and do his book shops and I was able to shop in the lovely stores surrounding the hotel and some great coffee shops! I felt comfortable and safe in this area and that cant be said for a lot of the London area.The receptionist told me that they are having a refit next year and the double rooms will be getting bigger, so another visit is a must I feel.	
Oct 8 2009 	All round excellent hotel.	Husband and I stayed at Mountbatten Hotel at 7dials,covent garden on a friday night. Perfect location for theatres, restaurants and the centre of cultural london buzz.. Our room was spotless and cosy, and the shower, tv, etc in full nworking order! We met staff at reception and in the bar and they couldn't have been more welcoming, warm and friendly and went the extra mile. We will definitely be staying again.	
Oct 7 2009 	jou cannot beat this place for location	in the very trendy sevendials part of covent gardenstayed 1 night in a single room, which as they always are, was not the largest still had all the things i needed, good bed, very nice bathroomHotel has good facilities and also important safety (you need a room key to operate the elevator) free wifi is always usefull, did not use the breakfast which (as is with all london hotels) overprices at 16 pounds, instead i went to a place about 3 minutes away called diana's diner, found review online 4.50 pound for a full english breakfast. If shopping is your thing sevendials i a heaven, but covent garden tube station is only a couple of minutes away. Other attractions in walking distance are the british museum for starters. Service was good, check out is 11am which is earlier than most but was allowed to stay till 12 am for free	
Oct 6 2009 	The staff went way out of their way to make me welcome and comfortable.	I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. The staff were great and really went overboard to make my stay very comfortable and easy - even giving me an upgraded room which was larger at no cost, plus other extras. I stored my luggage there during the day and just everything was very easy. In today's stress of traveling, I was very happy to have chosen this hotel!	
Oct 3 2009 	Love love love this hotel!	Have stayed in various central London Radissons, but this is by far the nicest. Perfect location for theatreland and central london nightlife - Completely in the thick of things, but set in a lovely, quiet bohemian street.Clean and and elegant bedrooms and public areas, with friendly and very helpful staff. Enjoyed my stay so much, I extended for another night while I was there.I've just booked to stay there again for my next trip to London.	
Oct 1 2009 	Fantastic hotel in a vibrant location	This is a wonderful Hotel situated in the heart of Covent Garden theatre district. A very tidy beautifully appointed hotel in the middle of one of the worlds most expensive city.	
Sep 29 2009 	A treat of good old fashioned customer service-	I wanted to take a trip to London for my friends Birthday. I have a friend in London who through work does a lot of socialising. So I asked him to recommend somewhere that whilst not being to pricey, could be seen as a treat and also asked for it to be situated in the right place for eating and shopping.He came back with a list of 4 hotels which i then began to look up on the Internet.I picked this one as it seemed to be what i was looking for.So.. We arrived at London Euston and hopped in a taxi, it was a busy time traffic wise and expected to be in the cab 15-20 mins. It only took approx 6 mins. We pulled onto a cobble like street and arrived outside the Hotel. It had character and gave the right first impression from the outside. On stepping inside it was very pleasant indeed. The reception area is very comfortable and we were seen to right away, we were asked if we needed help with our luggage, we didn't and were given directions. There are 2 lifts but unfortunately one was out of order, the lifts were very small but we managed to fit us both in with our bags and could probably fit in another 1-2 people max.Our room was on the 7th floor and sadly a disappointment.It was very very small, the decor a little dated and the bed lamps badly situated, every time you move you banged your head on the shades. The view was also a disappointment and the beds were not as comfortable as hoped, That said, it's up there with the cleanest hotel room and bathroom i have ever stayed in, and as I am referenced to Monica off the tv show friends who is a clean-aholic, the fact that i am saying it was spotless means it was spotless lol.When it come to getting ready, being girls we do like to have lights to do out make-up, the ones above the mirror we could not get to work, it wasn't until i stated this to reception that we were told for those 2 specific lights we needed to use our key card. We managed and got ready and went to head down to the bar to meet friends for drinks, One lift was still out of order and was already full when it arrived to your floor so we took the stairs instead, The bar area is quite small but more than adequate, the waiters were very pleasant and polite and once they took your order they remembered your drinks all night which is very nice. The hotel and bar are both situated on whats called the Seven Dials. Its a roundabout with 7 streets leading off it, the bar area is all glass frontage and a great place to start off with drinks to watch it all going on, Seven Dials is a busy thriving area and having a few drinks there to start off was great, Price wise on the drinks its London and a Hotel so its what you would expect, As for the service and atmosphere it was perfect.We came back much later and decided to finish off with a drink, again the waiter remembered our drinks, such a nice touch.On entering our room We encountered another problem, about 2am we had a very loud generator start which seemed to be above our heads, we again contacted reception who were there very quickly and who pleasantly tried to come to a conclusion on how to fix everything.This hotel we were informed afterwards is in waiting for a re-vamp. Would i stay there again? Yes definitely. Not in the same room tho :) The room may have been a disappointment for what we payed, but my complaints were dealt with very quietly, without any fuss, I was more than happy with what i was offered to compensate and am indeed returning in November.The staff are a big part of what make your stay at the hotel worth returning and worth while, I found the staff to be the best I have come across in a very long time, they were very professional, obliging, courteous and pleasant. The hotel itself is spotless and as for where its situated, for me was perfect for shopping, eating and entertainment :)	
Sep 24 2009	The perfect stay for the perfect day	I have stayed at a Radison Hotel before and when my daughter gave me a present for my 60th and we needed to stay overnight. The Radison was my first and only choice..The staff were amazing.. they cannot do enough for you, the rooms are beautifull and very clean, with everything you need to make your stay perfect.The food is first class and once again the staff are amazing.We had many places to visit in our short stay and The Radison was situated perfectly. to say you are in the heart of everything is not over rating the fact...I would stay at the Radison at any time. My time there was more than perfect	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location	I booked this hotel as a birthday treat for my husband along with a trip to the theatre. I had booked a suite, the booking process was very smooth by phone &amp; it was explaind that although check in was normally 2pm we would be put down for an early check in at 12.00.We arrived at 1.00 but were told politely that our room wouldn't be ready for another hour. Anyway we busied ourselves &amp; when we finally did get into the suite we were very impressed. It was a very large suite the bed was huge &amp; comfortable &amp; the bathroom was very nice with a large bath &amp; seperate shower &amp; double wash basins &amp; plenty of lovely toiletries to complement it. My only complaint was the stains &amp; marks on the carpert throughout the suite!Unfortunately there were no bathtowels in there but when we went out we mentioned it &amp; was it resolved efficiently by Celso who was there upon our check in &amp; it seemed right through to our check out the following day!!The atmosphere was nice &amp; buzzy in the hotel the staff very proffessional &amp; efficient. Great location for the theatre &amp; covent Garden shopping. We had a lovely time.	
Sep 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I cannot stop raving about this hotel. Great location, right next to theater district, and yet on a lovely quiet street. Awesome staff and quality of the hotel. Highly recommended.	
Sep 8 2009 	Perfect for the west end	Hotel was excellent, great location and friendly service. Rooms were small but well appointed &amp; within easy reach of theatres, Covent Garden, restaurants, plus plus. Didnt try breakfast so cant comment but the Monmouth cafe across the road served the best coffee and croissants.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great Location but don't have breakfast!	Central hotel in London. Within five minutes you have Leicester Square and Soho. Less than one minutes walk to Covent Garden.The hotel is situated at the Seven Dials crossroads, which can be a little busy till midnight, so ask for a quiet room.Less than 10 metres from the hotel is a Cafe Nero, so paying £14 for breakfast at the hotel wasn't really worthwhile, when you can have coffee and a muffin for less than £4!Nicely decorated and clean room. Not overly friendly staff, but hey...that's London for you!I had a single room, which to be honest is probably the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, but it was really nice and the location is what sells the hotel.	
Sep 7 2009 	Superb service and location and value - highly recommended	I arrived early and was granted access to my room looking out to the front well ahead of the offical check in time (not something I normally do or recommend in general) so was delighted. There was never any noise and the room was bright, airy, and exceptionally clean. Great location to wander about all the sites and centre of London. Good attached restaurant and bar with excellent breakfasts.I highly recommend this hotel for a trip to London either on business or pleasure. You won't be disappointed.	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent hotel well situated and with very welcoming staff	I was lucky enough to book well in advance and get a very good discounted deal. The location was excellent, the hotel beautifully decorated and the staff very welcoming and eager to help. The room was small and had no view to speak of but it was Central London for £75 a night. I would certainly choose it again.	
Sep 4 2009 	this place rocks!	i dont care what anybody says, this place is great. extremely centrally located. i walked everywhere from the hotel door. the concierge Louis was fantastic. he really helped me figure out where i was going, how to get there. he took care of getting me theatre tickets to wicked (which was awesome). super nice! that dude should get a big fat raise he is so awesome. i stayed in a single deluxe room on 6th floor. being a single person i thought it was plenty big although some people might not think so. bed was comfy, bath great. they have wifi in hotel and a computer in lobby that you can use for checking email, etc.. the only thing i had problem w/ was using key card to get elevator to work. good security. loved almost everything about this place! restaurant little overpriced... other places close that were funky and wonderful to eat - go out...	
Sep 1 2009 	Convenient hotel for shows and shopping	The Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten is really convenient for shows in Covent Garden, especially Chicago, it's literally over the road. Also for shopping, it's in the heart of Covent Garden. My 11 year old daughter and I stayed there last week after seeing 'Oliver'. We felt safe walking back from the show at 10.30pm. The hotel room was clean and not particularly spacious but everything we needed was there. The bathroom was modern and clean. The staff were courteous and professional. We have no complaints at all about the hotel however we had breakfast in a small cafe on the same street as the hotel breakfast I felt, at £18 per person, was far too expensive!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Good location but have smaller rooms than a bird cage	Very good location. So and so service but definetely I will not visit here again. Very small rooms without even a hairdryer, looking at next building creates a dark and closetrophobic atmosphere...I can barely walk in my room ...walking in the bathroom do not even think about it. Furniture is old. Business center did not working, can not make my online checkin and the solution they offered me was to go to an internet cafe rather doing over from their computers. Friendly stuff but definitely not capable...Asked train schedules to airport and advised to check internet ( great answer huh!!!) than after insisting for 5 mins they agreed to find me train schedules. I am a frequent traveller and this is definetely not a four star....There are definetely better hotels in london for the same price...Btw rooms are seriously small make sure that you check traveller pictures if you still think about going there after this review...	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent visit - will return in future	I stayed 4x nights in this hotel late May. I found the staff professional and attentive. I was allocated a room at the rear of the hotel and found it very quiet ( my stay incl week-end). On the sunday night we had a problem with the door lock, effectively locking me in my room. The staff with maintenance team immediately attended to the issue, broke down the door, and helped move me to a better room. Given how quickly they addressed and fixed this problem, I will certainly stay at this hotel again. Good room size, clean, great location and reasonable price booked through Expedia.	
Aug 6 2009 	Our place to stay in London"	We’ve stayed at the Montbatten at least once a year for 20 years. The full-English breakfast is great for getting over jet-lag. The location is fabulous: surrounded by restaurants (upscale, humble, and in-between; romantic and family-friendly); easy to find for friends meeting us in town; within a 30-minute walk of most everything, near tube stations for everything else. The smallest rooms are really small but one step larger are good. Bathrooms have those silly half-length glass doors to keep the shower water mostly in the tub (water pressure is excellent). We’re typically there for leisure but often have business to do and they’re quite accommodating. We have had the occasional drunken lout on our floor but the staff haven taken care of it promptly. The staff are helpful and friendly (many have been there as long as we’ve been coming).	
Aug 4 2009 	Noise from other room kept us awake all night - but no compensation	Just returned from a one night stay. We were kept awake all night by the television from the room above. The staff did their best to get it turned down but when they left it was turned up again. We complained and managed to get a slight reduction on the room rate (and to be fair the staff did do their best) but we feel we should have been given a much greater discount - or even free! (We have emailed a formal complaint - but this could take weeks to reply).The location is great, the hotel of a reasonable standard, the staff as helpful as possible and the breakfast (as so often in UK hotels) awful!	
Aug 1 2009 	Smart Hotel in excellant location	Stayed in the hotel for one night, organised a hen do for my sister and chose this hotel as it looked good and in brilliant location. Situated in the seven dials area it was just up the road from covent garden. The hotel was really smart, rooms had everything you need. We ate in the Dial Restaurant, food really good had the Pollack and then Eton Mess, 11 of us in total and we all had 2 courses and got through 5 bottles of wine, we paid of the hen's meal and it was £33 each which we thought was good value as the food was good. The only down side was the breakfast, we didnt have this included as the full breakfast was £18.Would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	you can do much better in London	We have just returned from the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten having stayed for 2 nights as a treat for my 40th birthday, we stayed with another couple who were also celebrating her 40th.My husband and my friends husband got their heads together to book this as a suprise and chose the hotel as they thought it would be a luxurious treat. They booked 2 kingsize deluxe rooms. This will be a review very much of 2 halves.The big positive about this hotel as others have said is the location, it is a few minutes walk from leicester Square tube but on a quiet street with good local restaurants and pubs. The breakfast was also very good and we had no wait to be seated. Some of the staff were exceptionally helpful but some were really unhelpful. The HUGE shock was what they try to fob off as a deluxe kingsize room. If you check out my other contributions you will see I have stayed at several hotels around London and I have never been offered one so small or basic even in a much lower rated hotels standard double , and certainly not at the price. The description verged on fradulent, although there was a kingsize bed in the room if we had both laid in it we could have touched the walls at either side of us and there was no space to move around I would estimate the size as 10ft square. The walls were painted in a dark mustard and there were blinds only at the windows. The TV was just above the size of a portable and the mini desk was right at the bottom of the bed looking fairly worn. The bathroom was almost as big as the room but the floor did not appear to have been cleaned thoroughly as there were crumbs on it. My husband could obviously see the disappointment on my face and was really upset to have spent so much time planning a suprise to be placed in such cell like accomodation, I honestly do not know how the room could have been less luxurious without removing the TV and the bathroom. As I struggled to believe this was the right room I rang down to reception to check, the woman I spoke to was extremely unhelpful I presume as they must be so used to such complaints( I don't know who wouldn't) she asked me 'what was I expecting' pointing out that the hotel was not 5 star and said there were no other rooms available that night although she might be able to move us tomorrow.We went to check on our friends room and although it still fell short of others we have stayed in of the deluxe grading it was much bigger than ours and better appointed. At that point( having found out how much my husband had paid) I decided I wasn't staying in the room and went down to reception to complain. While waiting to complain we heard 2 other such complaints from others of the same nature both of which resulted in no offer of an alternative room. I was not however deterred and when I spoke to the ( male) reception staff member I was very clear that what we had been given was unacceptable, pointed out the comparison with our friends room and explained the occasion. To give credit where it's due theis staff member( Cesko, I think his name was) was extremely apologetic and offered to show us a junior suite which he offered us at no additional cost. The junior suite we were offered was very nice and we accepted the alternative. The room was actually right next door to the one we had vacated and had a good size with a sitting area and good bathroom but still not without faults. For a room at this level I would still have expected a better TV again it was a very small old TV but the main issue was that there was a gap under the door into the hall of an inch and a half where I think a draft excluder used to be, to test just how big the gap was I posted the TV remote under the door into the hall, it went under without so much as touching the underside of the door. This meant that whenever anyone was talking in the corridor it sounded like they were in the room with us, and I presume our noise travelled equally well. I decided I had complained enough for one weekend so decided to use a rolled up towel under the door as a noise and draft excluder! On our final morning there were workmen on our hall and as well as drilling our telephone kept giving a single ring and then cutting off, it looked like they were working on the telephone or electrical circuit board so I put this down to this, as we were checking out we were already up but it would have been less welcome if we had been still in bed. I debated a while about the score on this one as I would have given a 1 based on our first room and the response from the first staff member and a bit more for the second room and other staff member. I have given this mark as I remain appalled at the fact that the room we were offered will continue to be offered as a deluxe king I would classify as a standard class single size.If you are looking for more luxury close to tourist attractions I would definitely recommend the Royal Horseguards which I unfortunately didn't review at the time but was far far superior at a similar price. If you really want to stay near covent garden I would suggest the Kingsway Hall as an alternative. Although in the end we had a fantastic weekend it was despite the poor start not because the hotel made our weekend and we won't stay here again and probably would not go to another Radisson again given that the overall management rather than the local ones probably decide how to grade their rooms.  I will post photos once I upload them, unfortunately I did not think to take any of the first room but you will see the second room is generally nice.	
Jul 27 2009 	The Location can't be Beat	The Mountbatten Hotel is the perfect location for a London theatre break or if you just want to be very central.Rooms were clean but might be considered small by American standards. They might want to upgrade to flat-screen TVs at some point. Good quality Gilchrist &amp; Soames moisturizer, hand wash, conditioner and hair shampoo / body wash. The AC in the room worked well.Staff were friendly. Excellent quality breakfast. The bar at night was very hip and stayed opened until 2:00 AM.Why pay more at the Covent Garden hotel a few doors down, when this hotel will meet at all your needs at over half the price. Value for money during a credit crunch.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good Value Great Location	Great location for Covent Garden and Theatre Land. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. We thought it was good value, but then we had a special advanced, non refundable rate.	
Jul 26 2009 	A great place to stay in a wonderful location	This hotel is situated in the heart of Covent Garden. Many theatres are in walking distance as are good restaurants and shops. The staff at the hotel are courteous and helpful The room we stayed in was very comfortable and had all we needed. I have stayed at this hotel and the Radisson just off Oxford Street and they always maintain a high standard,	
Jul 21 2009 	london @ its best!	very beautiful, well staffed hotel in londons most unique location, close to everything.	
Jul 20 2009 	Mountbatten Hotel - perfect for everything!	Stayed here for one night to celebrate my partners birthday. We went to see Dirty Dancing but during the day did some sightseeing/shopping/eating &amp; drinking. This hotel is perfectly located for Leicester Square, Covent Garden, The Strand, Shaftebury Avenue etc etc.The staff are very friendly, the bar is reasonably priced and breakfast will satisfy the heartiest of appetites!	
Jul 19 2009 	Good value in a great location	Great location on a quiet street in the heart of Covent Garden. Deluxe room was roomy and comfortable.	
Jul 18 2009 	Excellent location - would visit again!	The location of this hotel is great. Everything is within walking distance and there are so many options for food and entertainment nearby. Our first night we were placed in a non-smoking room that was clearly NOT non-smoking. We complained the next day and were immediately upgraded to another room and provided a discount for our discomfort. The hotel was extremely accomodating and I could not be more pleased. They also had internet access which was extremely useful and the rooms and bathrooms were a decent size (by European standards). Also, the hotel has an excellent breakfast! I will definitely stay again!	
Jul 18 2009 	ok for a business trip	When we arrived the check in was quick and efficient. Our room was on the top floor, when we entered the room smelt very musty, like there had been a leak or flood and the room had dried out. The room though was very clean and had just what we needed in terms of amenities.The location was excellent and everything we needed was just a walk away. At the end of the evening we were very grateful that we were on the top floor as we could still hear the noise from the revellers outside, i would hate to think how loud it was on the lower floors. Although this is something the hotel can control it is something to bare in mind when staying in the sumer and the likelyhood of you have your windows open is high.Service at breakfast was excellent as was the selectionOn reflection this hotel was good enough for us, as it was one night as part of a work trip. If we were staying on a leisure break, I am not sure if it would be the place for me, this is not down to the staff as the service was excellent, it was just the smell of the room and the noise in the night that would put me off	
Jul 15 2009 	Excellent small hotel in Fantastic Location	Second visit and what a stay, staff attentive and genuinely caring, room a good size, paid extra for King Size but well worth it. Breakfast superb and room service after a late night at the opera was fantastic. You can walk to China town and theatre land and if like us 20 minutes walking is no problem then you can get to St Pauls in one direction and Oxford Street in the other. Best place to stay and we have tried most.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Location	I have stayed at this hotel several times and its location is the main selling point. It is in the theater district at Seven Dials. Close to Covent Gardens and Leicester Square--really within walking distance to all attractions.The staff at the hotel is wonderful. They are extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I could not find fault with any of the staff.I always book a King Deluxe room and have always been extrememly satisfied with the room. The halls and corridors look a little run-down but the rooms are good. I particularly like the fact that my room overlooked a quiet tree-lined street. It is not a five-star hotel but it is an excellent place to stay.I will stay here again and would recommend it to anyone who likes staying in the West End section of London.	
Jul 10 2009 	A perfect base for exploring London with a warm welcome for my Mother and myself.	My mother and I stayed here for two nights in June. It was our second visit in three years and if anything the service was even warmer and friendlier than the last time around. We were particularly impressed by the reception and concierge staff. No query was too much trouble and I liked the nice touch of a half-bottle of wine delivered to our room shortly after our arrival.Our standard twin rooms was basically furnished but spotlessly clean and comfortable and of a reasonable size for a mid-price hotel in central London. A good bathroom with a powerful shower helped at the end of a sticky summer day.Our rate was room only but we were able to avail of a buffet continental breakfast ,with an excellent range of fruit, cold meats, cheese, fish etc, at a discounted rate.Location is excellent for West End Shows and shopping in Covent Garden and Oxford Street - all within walking distance and the immediate area on Monmouth Street is pleasant to wander in day or night.	
Jul 10 2009 	Luxury 	Just spent last weekend at this hotel, it is located at Seven Dials in London, which is one minutes walk to Covent Garden and two minutes walk to Leicester Sq and Theatre Land.I would be a regular stayer at Radissons around the world, but I found this one particularly good. It had everything from excellant service to absolute luxury in the rooms. The staff were very friendly and could not have done enough for me during my two night stay. The hotel is decorated to a very high standard with nothing spared, but what sets this place apart is not so much the hotel itself (which is superb) but its the location. If you are going to vacation in London or going to be there on Business but still want to be at the heart of things then you could not get much better then this.	
Jul 7 2009 	dissapointed with room	Overall a nice hotel,maybe I'm a little picky...arrived at 2pm ,we had to wait 1 hr for check in.Room was tiny and cramped didn't expect this for money I paid.Room service excellent arrived within 15 mins of ordering and piping hot too,lovely breakfast too.Good central location,would advise to upgrade to deluxe room	
Jul 6 2009 	Very disappointing	I stayed here with my partner on Friday night last and was so disappointed. We have stayed in Radisson hotels before and were very pleased but this was such a disappointment. To give them their due the staff were very nice but the room was dreadful (room 226). The room was extremely small and dark. The bed was lumpy and uncomfortable. Perhaps I should have complained when we were there but we assumed that all rooms were of this standard. We also found a toenail clipping on the floor and there was an old bar of soap left in the shower in the tiny bathroom.Luckily we were only staying for one night and I certainly will not return. We had a much better experience in the hotels in Southwark - even though it is further from the centre of town it was far better value for money and worth the trip on the tube.	
Jul 4 2009 	I cannot praise this hotel enough!	I cannot praise this hotel enough. The hotel was great, the room was brilliant, the staff is very helpful and friendly and the location is perfect for business and vacation. Stay here and you will not be disappointed. Only downside is that the hotel is a bit expensive, but if you can afford it – this is a great hotel. A few comments regarding my stay: after check-in I went to my room and five minutes later the reception called me up and asked me if I liked the room (which is a nice gesture), and when I was leaving the hotel the concierge helped me to get a cab that accepted credit card and that took it him at least 20 mins but he was very friendly and cooperative.	
Jul 2 2009 	A beautiful hotel in a pretty road a real hidden gem in London!!	I have just stayed at this lovely hotel for the third time, my husband and I came fora birthday treat and a show, this Hotel is such a rarity in London, It is tucked awayin a very select area of London, gorgeous restaurants, bars and shops all within walkingdistance. The hotel is beautiful inside and the rooms are lovely.Breakfast was a delight. Beds were so comfortable, the staff are very attentive.I have not got anything negative to say about this hotel.It is always on my list for that extra special treat.	
Jun 30 2009 	Very Disappointed at our stay at the Mountbatten	I have just returned from a weekend trip to London and I must say how very disappointed I was with my room ( room 211 and my brother had room 210)My husband and I have stayed before at the Mountbatten and had a much better room. I had recommended the hotel to my brother who was with us on this trip for this reason and he was also dissapointed with his room, as you can imagine I felt responsible for the trip and this is why I am writing this review.The mattress on the bed in my room had old springs in it and was very uncomfortable and the curtains on the wall were non existent apart from a blind which was too short for the window. I presume there had been curtains there once as there was a big hole in the wall where the tie back must have been.As we were there just one night and as we had originally checked in before the room was ready at 10.30 am we didn't get to see the rooms till gone 6pm when we arrived back from sight seeing all day so I was just too tired to move rooms.Although the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is good , we just expected more for spending £180 on a room which was very tired in appearance. With this in mind I would definately look at staying in another hotel with more value for money next time we stay in London.When we checked out the staff on the front desk did not ask if we enjoyed our stay maybe they knew what the answer would be!	
Jun 29 2009 	Location Location Location .. oh and very quiet room..	Stayed at this hotel a few times, mainly due to it's location, friendly staff and reasonable price.The location couldn't be better for a mid-London Hotel, smack in the middle of Theatre Land / Covent Garden / Leicester Square, but in a lovely little area that has an atmosphere all it's own. Plenty of good restaurants within a stone's throw and a short walk to everything else.On this occasion the room I was in was so quiet (especially for London) I had no clue what time it was without looking at the clock, a strange experience in London, where you usually know by the ambient noise when it's time to get up.	
Jun 26 2009 	If you're looking for a great place to stay in London	The location is great. The staff is terrific - very helpful. A great value for the dollar.I plan to stay there again on my next trip in July, 2009.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	My friends and I travelled down to London for a girls weekend and were booked to stay at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten in Covent Garden. On arrival we were greeted by Jorge who was so welcoming and friendly. Every request we made was met with no hesitation. The rooms were all very clean and well presented with all the necessary facilities. The breakfast the following morning was absolutely wonderful and well worth every penny. This hotel is perfectly situated for night life and day time tourism. Without hesitation I can recommend this hotel as I will certainly be staying there again when I next visit the City.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good Value in Superb Location	The Mountbatten is superbly located in the Covent Garden area and the West End. Bloomsbury is a few minutes walk. The British Museum, Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery all are in walking distance. My room was a standard double and was very small, but clean and quiet. I'd say the standard double would be a tight squeeze for a couple. By pass the hotel breakfast. It is way overpriced and there are many places in the neighborhood to get breakfast. Staff is very helpful and accommodating	
Jun 17 2009 	Good clean and in a brilliant location.	We booked this hotel for the nights either side of our wedding and we chose it mostly because of its location. We opted for an upgrade on the room as we needed a bit of extra space for people to get ready in. The room was nice and had good views out over the west end from the 6th floor. The furniture was a little battered but nothing too bad. Service from the reception staff was good and the breakfast although pricey was also good.All in all good but a little bit uninspiring.	
Jun 15 2009 	A really comfortable and relaxing hotel	Service at the Mountbatten was very good, from check-in to check-out. Anything required seemed to be on hand. The room was very clean, with all facilities you would expect from a city centre hotel. The location was superb. Was centrally located, about five minute walk from Covent Garden. Plenty of designer shops in the immediate vacinity, with cafes and restaurants. My visit was business, shared with leisure. Therefore it was very suitable for my purpose.I would definately be staying again with the very competative prices offered.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great Location Very Nice Hotel	This hotel is in a perfect location to see all of the sights of London as well as trips to the theatres near. The hotel is very clean and well-appointed. The twin room was a bit small, but that is typical of European hotels. Overall, it is a great place to stay while visiting London.	
Jun 14 2009 	Fantastic convenient location for theatreland	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights whilst going to see shows in covent garden area. Room (no121 - standard double) was small but adequate, although carpets/bathroom were starting to look a little tired. Was however very quiet - didn't hear any of London traffic noise. Lots of great restaurants within metres of hotel. Didn't eat in hotel restaurant at night so can't review but breakfast at £18 gave a good choice and was plentiful. They also gave us a voucher at check-in which let us have continental breakfast for £9.50. Would certainly stay here again if going to theatres.	
Jun 13 2009 	Worth another visit	Very welcoming at check-in and good first impression. Had a smallish room with no drawers for clothes which is not convenient for a couple staying more than 2 nights,( we were there for 4 nights) . Housekeeping excellent. Friendly staff. Breakfast during week was exceptional and freshly prepared, portions huge, did not need to eat until evening time! Weekend breakfast was buffet style but still good value. Restaurant staff efficient and very helpful. Location ideal for theatres, restaurants and Leicester Square only 5 minute walk away. Covent Garden even closer.	
Jun 13 2009 	Excellent position and helpful staff	We have stayed at the Radisson Mountbatten a few times for family and business stays. For the family stay their long serving concierge Michael was brilliant in helping to make arrangements. The recent stay was with a colleague, we attended an exhibition, so it was good to get back to hte hotel to relax. On this occasion we were lucky enough to be up graded to a King Deluxe Room which was better for the longer stay - having the extra room, however the standard rooms which tend to be on higher floors can be a bit claustrophobic! we were upgraded as the previous stay we made, we were put into a twin room which was not up to the expected standard - very tired looking faulty shower and very small for a twin, so did have to let them know we were not too impressed.However overall stays have been good, do think that if breakfast not included that £15 a bit steep for tea, cereal &amp; toast, surley a basic quick breakfast could be included. Generally though we have always found Radissons (Edwardian &amp; SAS) very good,The Mountbatten is not large, but has a good feel, I am quite happy to stay there on ,y own. The position is excellent, real London atmosphere, so close to Convent Garden.	
Jun 10 2009 	Clean room great location	Good value for central London.Small room but clean and quiet.	
Jun 8 2009 	Excellent location close to all the major attractions	A superb small hotel on the edge of Covent Garden, with great service and very friendly staff, there a great atmosphere about the hotel.	
Jun 6 2009 	A Little Gem - Perfectly Located	On arrival, I was greeted by friendly and professional front of house staff. I was offered an upgrade to a double rom for a nominal fee. I declined as it was a one night business stay. The single room was small, but perfectly adequate, with excellent full size bathroom, good facilities (safe/mini bar/tea making) and good aircon. Importantly, it was clean and quiet. The bed was comfortable. The only tired part of the room was the TV, but it worked OK.The hotel bar was delightful with a window on to the world of Seven Dials and reasonably priced (for London) wine. Restaurants and bars abound in the nearby streets.On departure, I was looked after very well by the reception staff and concierge. I suspect that none of the staff I met were UK nationals, but all spoke good English, were impressively polite and extremely helpful. This speaks volumes for the training standards and leadership of the hotel.I would definitely stay here again at the price (Good rate from Late Rooms) and strongly recommend it for its staff, location and service.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent location and great for a weekend stay	My wife and I stayed here for a weekend in January 2009 and the location is super. It was recommended by a good friend who has stayed here many times. The rooms are typical London sized. The bar in the hotel is super as it looks directly out onto Seven Dials and great for people watching.It is just so near everything including theatreland. The breakfast was great and the staff very polite and professional. Will defintely be back.	
Jun 4 2009 	Would keep going back	I first stayed here last year as I love the Covent Garden area. I truly was pleased and happy with this hotel. It's located on this cute circle called the Seven Dials. It's slighly off the beaten path from the main streets, but so close to EVERYTHING, I barely take the tube when I stay there. I just recently went back to London and didn't look to stay anywhere but here. The location cannot be beat. Prices are totally reasonable, every staff member was very helpful and pleasant. There is a small gym, good restaurant/bar and a fun pub across the street. I highly recommend this hotel and will continue to go back.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great spot -	Great hotel in a great section. Staff was very accomodating, rooms were comfy.	
Jun 2 2009 	A wonderful hotel in a wonderful location	The Radisson Edwardian Montbatten is situated in the Seven Dials area of London. It is within walking distance of Theatreland, restaurants, pubs and famous London landmarks. The room we had was large, clean, well appointed and obviously well maintained or renovated. An in-room safe was provided.The service we received from Reception, Concierge and Cleaning staff was exceptional.The only thing that bothered us to a minor degree was a slight hum from the air-con system, which is probably to be expected in an old building.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	The radisson edwardian mountbatten is an excellent hotel in a great location. The rooms are reasonable size and have all the amenities that you could want. The hotel is in the centre of Covent Garden and minutes away from Holborn and Covent Garden tube stations. Right beside shaftsbury avenue and lots of tourist and shopping areas.The best thing about this hotel is the staff. As a business traveller, the staff are friendly, remember your name and make every effort to make you feel at home.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent location	This hotel is great, the rooms are small but we were hardly in ours. Very convenient location. Friendly helpful staff. We didn't have breakfast but went to a cafe round the corner.	
May 22 2009 	Great Location	The best location to stay, whether you're traveling alone or with a group, with family or friends, and whether you're gay or straight. The theatres are a very short walk and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from right outside the door. The area is very quiet after 11PM, so no problem with noise interrupting your sleep. The staff is very friendly and helpful; they even allowed an early check-in.	
May 20 2009 	Avoid a single room.	Having seen the reviews and website I was confident that my £165 (room only) 'special' rate would be money well spent - however I was put in a tiny single room with a bathroom that anyone with a BMI over 25 would have trouble walking through! The decor was beige and dowdy, quite unlike the pictures in the website. On the plus side the location is brilliant, and breakfast to go is excellent.All in all quite disappointed and will be choosing alternative accommodation from now on.	
May 15 2009 	Our favorite hotel in London	My family and I have been in London more than 30 times, the last 15 years. we have lived and checked many of London Hotel. Both in business and pleasure .Now we have found our favorite hotel. It is: The Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten. Great location, between the cultural experiences, shopping, relaxation and the trend experiences. Great service, where you feel welcome from the very beginning, charming rooms, trendy bar, good restaurant and welcoming and positive people !	
May 13 2009 	Great location. Nice room. Good service.	Great location. We did not need a taxi nor the underground during our 3 days of staying in London. Covent Garden is a lovely neighborhood and the theatres were near by. We had a nice and clean roon and the service was friendly and professional.	
May 11 2009 	Great one night stay	Really enjoyed my one night stay. Very convenient to Piccadilly tube line for easy access to/from Heathrow. Located in the heart of exciting and lively Covent Garden/Soho neighborhood. Hotel is very nicely furnished and kept in excellent condition. Check-in was quick and courteous. Room was very spacious, and the ensuite bathroom was very up-to-date. Room overlooked the rooftop of the next-door restaurant - wasn't a great view, but I wasn't in the room for long. Steps leading into/out of the room were a bit awkward to navigate with luggage. Would definitely consider staying there again for the price.	
Apr 23 2009 	FANTASTIC WEEKEND	very clean modern hotel with character in superb location for theatres and opera.Covent garden, China Town and Shaftsbury avenue on the door step. Staff very friendly and accomodating.Parking not so easy but possible ( a little expensivve)	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We started and ended our Spring Break trip at the Mountbatten and so saw 4 rooms. Only one was really too small and we should have asked for a slightly bigger one. The others were perfectly sufficient. The hotel is in the perfect location at the corner of the 7 dials. It's any easy distance to Covent Garden or Leicester tube stop. We walked with our luggage with ease. The concierge desk is well staffed and we had excellent dinner recommendations and got great directions. We like being able to access the internet from our room. All in all this is a beautiful hotel at a good value in the perfect location. I don't have any photos, but if you go to google maps and choose the street view, you can get an idea of what a nice hotel it is and understand the location advantage.	
Apr 21 2009	Unbeateble location kind staff comfortable	Less than 15 minutes walk away from all major attractions (Picadilly, Leicester, London Eye, Oxford Street, Covent Garden, Thames cruises). Rooms are small, but not tiny, with everything we needed (iron, hairdryer, even Spanish channel,...) and quiet. Very clean bathroom. Kind staff. Seven Dials is a lively quarter even at night.	
Apr 16 2009	Excellent location and comfy beds!	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com - it was one of their 'secret hotels' which meant that I got a good deal but didn't know which hotel I had booked until after I had paid. We arrived at 11.00am to leave our bags as check-in wasn't until 2.00pm - but our room was ready when we arrived so we checked in and went straight up and unpacked before going on a shopping spree! The hotel staff were polite and very friendly and they couldn't have been more helpful. I was so impressed by the location, the hotel is in a cobbled street with little boutiques and places to eat and the entrance to Neal's Yard in just a few yards down the same street on the opposite side of the road. Seven Dials is great for shopping with small independant shops as well as shops such as Office, Fat Face and Fred Perry. We went to see Priscilla Queen Of The Desert which is showing at The Palace on Shaftesbury Avenue and it was just around the corner! This hotel is absolutely perfect for anyone going to the theatre as they are all nearby but you also have the advantage of staying in a hotel on a really pretty little street. We often walked up from Piccadilly Circus and straight up Shaftesbury Avenue or through Chinatown or Leicester Square to get to the hotel so it really is in a great location. I was very happy with this hotel, the bathroom was lovely and clean and light and the room was decorated in shades of chocolate, mustard and cream. The beds were really comfortable - I slept like a log! I would say that the twin room (number 606, which was at the front of the hotel) was about the same size as a normal Travelodge room and as we were out all day and every evening and really only used the room to change in and sleep in it was fine for myself and my teenage daughter. We checked out at 10.00am (check-out time is 11.00am) and left our bags at the hotel until 4.30pm when we returned to collect our luggage en route to the station - the staff insisted on hailing a cab for us and helped us out with our bags and in to the taxi - they were really great. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2009 	Superb friendly elegant Hotel.	Stayed here 3 times now, its an absolutely lovely, clean, well presented Hotel. Situated fairly central to all main shopping areas, and a few theatres ( including Cambridge theatre right opposite - showing Chicago ). The staff are very friendly and helpful, always with a smile on their face! Although not the cheapest, you get the service and quality that you pay for. The rooms are generous in size with everything you expect to be there eg. towels, iron, hairdryer. All with clean en-suites. Plenty of shops, eaterys, pubs etc in the area. Usually have a full English breakfast in the hotel which is plentiful! Overall i would highly recommend this Hotel, look forward to going back. *****	
Apr 16 2009	Great location rooms clean but very small	We stayed at the Radisson Mountbatten for the Easter weekend 2009.Since we stayed there some years ago and had a room next to an elevator (noise during the night), we requested a room on a high floor away from the elevator. We we satisfied, that the wish was fully fulfilled and we got a room on 6th floor very far away from the elvators.Location:We love the lovation, because its right in the busy district of Covent Garden, lots of shops, bars and restaurants around the hotel. We did not need a ticket for public transport, you can reach everything by walking.Picadilly Line station (from Heathrow) is 10 minutes walk.Hotel:The lobby is very stylish, also bar and restaurants have been renovated and are very nice. Reception staff and Concierge were always very helpful.There is a PC with free internet access in the Lobby to check in for flights or check mails. Nevertheless its just one, people stay there for an hour although other are waiting behind them.Rooms:The rooms are VERY small (like in most London hotels) and furniture very dated. There is a small, old TV set (far from flat screen). Bathroom is not huge but OK.Overall the room was OK, very clean. But be careful, our room was on a high floor. Since there is some traffic around the hotel, rooms on lower floors might be noisy.Area:We did not book breakfast since there are plenty of restaurants and cafes around.Covent Garden and the market are a busy area, great for shopping and watching people.Overall:We like the hotel because of its excellent location and helpful staff. There are hotels whith much nicer and bigger rooms in London, but nevertheless, we will stay here again (if we get it for a good rate - this time we paid 150 pounds per night).	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect location 	I check for reviews on tripadvisor for all hotels since it offers the most useful and honest reviews and after careful consideration I chose this hotel.For the price of this hotel in London, you could easily just choose another good quality hotel for the same price but since the location seemed very convenient I decided to choose it.I read a couple fo the past reviews with a few critisizing the hotel however I totally disgaree with them. The service offered by the staff at the reception &amp; at the door was absolutely spot on friendly and great. The woman behind the reception was extremely welcoming and helpful when I first arrived. Checking in was quick and not a hassle at all. The reception and front room was well presented and nicely decorated with staff to help with luggage and any tourist information.The room was small but comfortably small and it did not feel cramped with enough storage space. Another good point is the free internet available throughout the hotel which is a bonus since most hotels i've stayed at apply an extra charge for access to their internet service. The bathroom was well presented and clean with shower and bath facilities.I stayed for 2 nights and both nights was pleasant even though it was in the heart of a busy area of covent garden. Extremely convenient location with covent garden just a minute away and lots of clothes stores, coffee shops and food stores within seconds of the hotel. I would definately return back to this hotel in future. The location makes it definately worth the price I paid.	
Apr 4 2009 	excellent locationbreakfast brilliant and definitely will be returning	central location for covent garden and surrounding areas, all in walking distance. theatres all nearby good pubs and restaurants.	
Apr 2 2009 	Extremely poor value for money!	Polite and courteous staff, however the woman at the front desk who greeted us was very difficult to understand due to English being her second language.Were given room 614. If you are EVER offered this room turn around and WALK OUT!!! It would have been small as a single but as a double this was a complete joke, and the bed was pushed up against the wall so you could only get out of one side. Bathroom was small but clean and well appointed. The other couple we travelled with did have a larger room so they do exist!Breakfast was £18 for a buffet, which i think is absolutely extortionate compared to some boutique hotels I have used which charge less for a cookeed-to-order spread.The only saving grace is that the hotel is in a great location for Covent Garden and the west End.Not a bad place to stay, just INCREDIBLY POOR VALUE FOR MONEY!!!	
Mar 27 2009 	Absolutley Fabulous Hotel!	I stayed here for my Birthday weekend. We wanted to find a hotel in the centre of Covent Garden and this one really is! We were pleasantly suprised that this hotel is in such a great location. It is only 5 mins walk from either Leicester Square or Covent Garden Tube stations. Only 5 mins walk to The Ivy! Room was small but lovely and clean i especially liked the speakers in the bathrom so i was able to continue listening to my favourite programme whilest taking a bath! Staff were friendly and helpful. On a number of occasions we asked the concierge for advice on where to go and they were very informative and helpful. We were also able to leave our luggage with the conceirge after we checked out so we wouldn't have to lug our bags around London. All in all i had a fantastic time here and cannot wait to return.	
Mar 26 2009 	One to revisit	Stayed for just one night but wished it was for longer. The hotel is in an amazing location right alongside Covent Garden and most of the theatres. Staff were very friendly, and went out of their way to be helpful, and the breakfast was great - good quality food, plenty of choice, prompt service. Even though we had an executive room it wasn't huge but was clean, comfortable and had everything we needed. The television was old style and looked a bit dated, and the room key system to operate the lifts seemed to cause some guests problems, but these were minor issues in what was a very enjoyable stay. If you want a clean, comfortable hotel that isn't too large, has friendly staff and is in a superb location then give it a try!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel in a perfect location	Although our room was small it had all the facilities we required. The hotel have noted my comment on size &amp; have offered to allocate one of their larger rooms for our next visit. Breakfast was included in the price &amp; was a first-class buffet. We were in the perfect location for theatreland, Covent Garden shops, Trafalger Suare galleries &amp; the Embankment. We will definately stay there again.	
Mar 20 2009 	Absolutely fabulous	The location of this hotel is extremely convenient, in the middle of Covent Garden. The reception was extraordinarily special, they make a real fuss of your stay and nothing is too much trouble. The standard twin room was clean and tidy and looked luxurious.I could not have wished for a better place to stay for a theatre weekend in London	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent location clean rooms 	Very good hotel in a convenient location. The room was very clean, although a bit on the small side. Staff were very helpful, friendly &amp; welcoming. Overall a very enjoyable stay.	
Mar 14 2009 	Excellent hotel in a fabulous location	We spent three nights in this great hotel. The staff were efficient and very friendly and we paid a bit extra to have an upgraded room which is much bigger than the standard room with a very comfortable bed and good size bathroom. The room was very quiet situated towards the end of the corridor. The breakfast was good but the dining room in the morning is a little chilly. The location of the hotel for getting in and around central London is brilliant and is in walking distance of so many great areas including China Town and theatreland. We will definitely be returning and would definitely recommend people to book an upgraded deluxe room if possible.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great Hotel	Great hotel in a tremendous location. Staff extremely helpful. Rooms large and very well kept.Will definately re-visit.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location for Sight-seeing Theaters and Soho	Great central location for major tourist sites. Covent Garden Station Picadilly Line is 2 blocks away (use the lift to street level), but I walked everywhere. Bed and bath very clean. My room was on the 6th floor, and at night cold tap water was nonexistent. I suggest having bottled water in your room.I would recommend this hotel for singles or couples, young or old, gay or straight. For lesbians there is one bar in Soho, Candy Bar.	
Mar 6 2009 	Spot on location!	I had the pleasure of staying at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten Hotel for my 21st birthday. And if like me the location of your hotel is paramount to your decision and this hotel basically summed up exactly what I was looking for. You're in the heart of one of the cleanest, safest and trendiest locations in all of london. With great restaurants, shops, transportation and nightlife on your doorstep, this hotel is perfection.The hotel itself is a stunning building and from the moment you step inside a feeling of comfort and warmth will wash over you. The rooms although small and me being 6' 3'' found it a stretch getting settled on the bed, were charming, clean and exquisite. The staff at the Radisson were incredibly polite and helpful. The last person we saw when we left, was so lovely it made us walk out with a smile. No joke!I recommend this hotel to those aged between 18-35 and if you're 40+ and enjoy reliving your youth like a sad Madonna esq individual then you would probably feel particularly hip here.(Those who have activities in Covent Gardens/Leicester Square or 'Chicago' Theatre would find this hotel ideal)	
Feb 27 2009 	Ticks all the boxes	On walking into my deluxe double room the first stricking feature is the size...it's small. Even so I would not let that dissuade anyone from staying here. Taking some time looking about i noticed my room had everything i would expect for a short weekend stay. I would not call it luxury but it's clean and all the the basic amenities the most important of which was the free wifi service which can be quite invaluable when travelling in an unknown city. Staff were friendly and helpful. The location is the real asset this hotel has going for it. Only steps away from shopping, theatre, sights, and food I could not fault the location. Overall i believe most people would be happy staying here if they are new to the city and need a central location but would spring for a larger room if there are more than two people.	
Feb 24 2009 	Location Location Location	Just returned from a stay at this hotel. The location is truly ideal. Centrally located, safe, and close proximity to transportation, great shopping, food, theater and the many attractions London has to offer. The room was decently equipped and functional despite the room size. I stayed in a Standard Double bed room which was OK for a single person. It might be a bit tight for a couple especially if you require space. If you are considering a Single room with a Twin...I would reconsider.	
Feb 7 2009 	Excellent Service	I haven’t provided feedback on a hotel before but, for good reasons, I feel compelled to comment on my stay at the Radisson Edwardian. On my arrival, I was very well received at reception and was given my room card. When I arrived at the room it was too small to be comfortable so I returned to reception to ask for a bigger room. An upgrade was not available because the hotel was very busy (it was a weekend) but the gentleman on reception said he had one room available but it still required servicing. I retired to the bar and within minutes the receptionist came to me and insisted he show me the new room so as to be sure it met my needs. The room was excellent and I had a very pleasant stay.From the receptionists to the concierge and the staff in the restaurant, all were the best I’ve experienced and I stay in hotels regularly – my compliments to the hotel manager – this is very difficult to achieve especially in central London. The location of this hotel is also spot on!	
Jan 29 2009 	I've loved the Mountbatten Hotel for 12 years!	I've been staying at the Mountbatten three times a year for twelve years. Although I usually go on business, I've taken my family there many times over the years.I book directly with the hotel (the newest manager, Dawn, has been both nice and professional. I've also liked all the managers over the years), and I always find them to beincredibly accommodating (For example: I always need 4 foam pillows, because I'm allergic to feather. My pillows are always in my room when I arrive). I truly feel this terrific hotel is my home-away-from home. Also the concierges -- especially the wonderful Michel -- are outstanding (and so very nice).I've had a few problems over the years with little things (that happens in all hotels); the staff always goes out of their way to fix the problem quickly.I only eat breakfast (part of my package) in the Dial (the restaurant) in the am; the waitstaff (especially a couple of the women that I've known for years) are also excellent.Housekeeping has also been top-notch.Every once in a while I think about staying somewhere else for variety, but what's the point? I'd miss the Mountbatten. I next go in March. I'm looking forward to it!	
Jan 26 2009 	never again	Last year ,for my birthday, I received a package proposed by Travel for the Arts which included a choice between five or six hotels and the Wagner Ring at the Royal Opera.I choose the Radisson because of its proximity with Covent Garden and the description seemed lovely.My standard single room was the smallest and most claustrophobic room I had ever got in a hotel of this category.The bed filled the room and I came back with bruises from negotiating my way to the bathroom which was rather nice when compared with the closet called room.The safe was near the ground:I had to crouch.The breakfast was ordinary and I preferred to eat the other meals anywhere else : from Rules to Carluccio ...The Wagner Ring meant that I had to stay six nights in that hole : never again.My critic comes a bit late but I send it because the opinions about this hotel vary so much.	
Jan 23 2009 	Good location for Business and some Leisure	If you consider the usually very poor standard of British hotels (always 1-2 stars more than they would get in continental Europe or the US), the Mountbatten was a positive surprise.The location is good for business around the main city and in the evening you have a lot of nice restaurants, theaters etc. in walking distance (Covent Garden).The (single) room was quite small, but sufficient for a one night business stay. Same with the bathroom. Compared to other British &quot;4-star&quot; hotels the (bath-)room was clean and tidy, i.e. clean carpet and no rotten fittings in the bathroom what are &quot;standards&quot; in many London hotels. Free Wifi (still not standard in many hotels) allows a quick mail check and connection to company server. The bed was also very good, so I had a relaxing night. The &quot;Dial&quot; bar is nice and built in a contemporary style. Very attentive and friendly staff. I didn't take breakfast since I usually have a coffee and a croissant only and I feel that 18GBP are a bit much for that, but this is a usual problem at most hotels nowadays.	
Jan 10 2009 	Not up to 4 Stars	I travel very frequently for business to London and have stayed at many of the business hotels there. This one has a nice location- Covent Garden is an ideal walking neighborhood and the hotel is on a great street. The hotel is terrible for business needs however. There is no lobby to speak of, so meeting colleagues is difficult. Internet was slow, and my room was very very small- even for London standards. It was also quite worn down. I would definitely rate it a three star hotel, not a 4.	
Jan 5 2009 	A conveniently located hotel	We stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten hotel in London from 01/01/2009 to 01/03/2009. I know they call it a &quot;Luxury Boutique&quot; hotel in London, but frankly there is nothing &quot;luxury&quot; about it. The best feature of this hotel (by far) is its wonderful location. Right in the heart of Covent Garden, next to the great Neal Street and the cute Neal's Yard. Really, it's difficult to beat this location. You can walk almost anywhere in Central London from there. The hotel itself is ok. Rather small but with a nice bar. The breakfast buffet (which was included in our rate booked on expedia) was extremely nice and the staff courteous and kind.The rooms are... well, VERY small. We stayed in room 105 on the first floor. The corridor going to the room feels like one from a Russian Embassy in the 1970s. The room itself was ok but incredibly small with a low ceiling. The british windows were not adequate at this time of cold weather in London (January). You had to put on the heater most of the time to beat the cold wind coming from the window. The TV was old and small. The bathroom was small too. The beds were ok.Overall, it's a great location but do not spend much time in your room and don't go there thinking it's a &quot;luxury boutique&quot; hotel. It's not. But it's not worst than some of the other hotels in London. My preference goes for the Sofitel St James, I admit.	
Jan 5 2009 	Perfect Location	This hotel is located in a great area, shops, cafes, bars and just down the road from leicester square.nice facilites, good size rooms although we had a deluxe room. overall a pleasant stay with good staff and a nice breakfast what more can you ask for.	
Dec 12 2008 	Pleasantly surprised by spacious room	I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten Hotel in early December. The front desk staff was friendly and called me shortly after check-in to ensure the room met my needs. The room was spacious (especially in the UK), offering a small sitting area with a sofa and coffee table, a small work area and king-size bed. Work space was however limited although the hotel does offer free wireless internet. The bathroom was also sizable; it had double sinks and the most luxourious bath robes. The only complaint was that the minibar was not stocked daily so after drinking the water on day one, I had none available for the remainder of my stay. Covenant Gardens is a lovely section of London offering a variety of restaurants and shopping. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 10 2008 	Fantastic location hotel breakfast	My wife and l stayed in deluxe room no:104, which was very nice and spacious with an impressive bathroom and a pleasant outlook onto a quiet street. The only disappointment was the tv which was a CRT17&quot; or 19 &quot;, this really needs to be upgraded to a large screen flat panel LCD, although channel and pay movie access was perfectly adequate.Checking in was straight forward, initially on line, and then at the hotel, but more instruction is required advising the guests how the lift operates. It has a restrictive floor access system which only allows you to go to the floor corresponding to the inserted room keycard.The breakfast was superb, almost everything you could want , in a very pleasant environment. with excellent service.The hotel bar was very nice but was only used on one occasion due to the excessive pricing, £10,60 for 2 drinks. The same 2 drinks were bought for £5,50 the following evening in the 2 Brewers pub about 50m down the road. Overall a very pleasnt stay in a great hotel but the bar prices are extortionate.	
Dec 9 2008 	rodent hell	Horrible hotel.The room was ok, the location is great. The staff are unhelpful. They have a serious mouse problem. I was having drink at the bar and could see several mice running around the dining area. I even had one run under the table at which I was sat and dissapear under the sofa.. I alerted the staff who were not in the least bit interested. I also alerted the website through which I booked the hotel. Never again.I am glad I didn't order any food.	
Dec 8 2008 	Nice hotel in perfect location	Having a special voucher to stay in either a Radisson or Park Plaza hotel for free I spent much time trawling through various reviews on Trip Advisor and seeing a)which ones I could get availible b) if they sounded any good.Upon reading about this hotel I decided to book this based on location but was a little worried about some of the reviews.I booked a king deluxe room and have to say I was impressed not only by the location but also by the room. In fairness if you want a massive spacey room then don't stay here but the king deluxe room does the job. Its cosy, its warm and the bed is very comfy. I found the room clean and there was NO noise from outside despite the fact there are bars and a show opposite.The location is amazing, walking distance from all the shows, covent garden and leicester square. The staff were all very friendly and to be honest I couldnt have asked for more!I have stayed in many hotels in london and am a big fan of the city inn westminster but this hotel based on location alone could steal that crown.	
Nov 24 2008 	Location great but	Stayed Saturday night as we were going to theatre and impossible to return late at night by train to home. Did think of staying at our usual place in Kings Cross (when using Eurostar).Thought we would treat ourselves to a bit of luxury in dismal November. What a disappointment. The location is great, we walked from Kings Cross, walked to theatre and Oxford Street. First time in London we have never used the tube. However, room was a let down. As soon as we entered I felt my spirits fall. I don't expect a huge room in a hotel in London, so no complaints about the small room. It was the decor, drab, nylon fur bed throw in brown with a mustard colour underside. Faded ? yellow ? beige stripe wallpaper, torn in some places. Gloom, gloom,gloom. Bed although not the worst I have slept in was not particularly comfortable. The duvet was the worst I have ever encountered, it appeared to be a synthetic filling which was matted, I like a duvet to 'fluff' up when shaken. The pillow was awful, I don't like a pillow to be so deep that my neck feels as though it is at 45degree angle. The shower was adequate, although to be fair I find most hotel showers only adequate.The continental breakfast at £9.50pp was excellent. There was even smoked fish on offer including salmon. We didn't need to eat until evening. The only downside was the atrocious coffee. I expect freshly ground coffee at breakfast not what tasted to me like instant and not very good instant at that. Wouldn't stay here again, its back to Kings Cross with a very comfortable bed, cheerful decor and a not that much smaller room for less than half the price of the Radisson.	
Nov 23 2008 	Not Awful But Not Great	I stayed here for two nights with a friend while we were in London to see a couple of concerts. We chose the hotel like everyone else for the location, which indeed is fab.However, I didn't really think much more of the hotel.It was oh-kayyyy but has definitely seen its best.We were on the top floor but penthouse it was not. The room was tiny and it was absolutely freezing - even with two blankets I needed to layer up to sleep, the in-room heating didn't seem to work.Reception &amp; concierge staff I encountered were very pleasant fortunately. The bathroom toiletries were good and free wifi was an advantage as I had some work to do but, overall for the price I paid I wished I'd shelled out a few quid more and stayed at the St Martin's Lane which I did a few nights later and boy was it worth it! Might appeal to the more traditional olde-english taste, but for me I prefer something smarter and cleaner when I pay more than £200 per night.	
Nov 19 2008	Superb Boutique Hotel	Despite some other reviews we find this Hotel to be cosy and friendly . We booked a deluxe room which is of average size, however being its amazing location little time was spent in the very comfortable room. Breakfast is superb being a buffet at weekends and cooked to order during the week. Check in staff are very efficient and courteous. People watching from the Dial Bar a must ! Dont underate this establishment !	
Nov 2 2008	Locationlocation location!!!	My friend and I spent a little over a week here and couldn't have been happier with our hotel. The property is nice, not luxurious. The room was rather small by US standards, but very comfortable. The best thing about this hotel is the LOCATION!! For theater and opera, it doesn't get any better. Located at Seven Dials, it's about a three-block walk to Covent Garden or Leicester Square and the tube stations. We went to four shows and walked to three of them. Although six streets converge at the hotel location, they are very narrow and don't carry much traffic, so it's very quiet. The hotel itself is also very quiet - we never heard a sound from other guests. The housekeeping staff is invisible. We never saw or heard them, but our room was always made up within an hour after we left. The restaurant/bar &quot;The Dial&quot; is a little pricey. We didn't ever have the continental breakfast; even with a half-price coupon, it was 9.50 GBP. It is a great place for people-watching in the afternoon, though. There are a dozen or more restaurants within about a block, and 2 coffee shops about 20 yards from the front door. There are interesting shops all along the adjoining streets. There is an internet computer in the lobbly that guests can use for free, though you occasionally you may have to wait a few minutes.	
Sep 28 2008 	Don't Stay Here - Rude Staff	I stayed here for 3 nights and the staff we're constantly rude to me and I had to prove I was a hotel guest every time I walked through the door! The room was very small--even by London standards and there was hair in the shower. There are much better hotels in London, with much better value.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Location for West End attractions	If the key to your stay in London is location, it doesn’t get any better than this for the price. You are literally walking distance from all the West End attractions - bars, clubs, restaurants, shopping and theater. The hotel staff is friendly and bar/restaurant stays open late. The rooms can be small, so defiantly book a double or queen. Room views can also be very disappointing. Otherwise, a great weekend place if you want to enjoy the best of London’s west end. If you’re looking for a hotel with big rooms, luxury bedding/furniture, gym, pool, business centre, etc, then go else-where.	
Sep 9 2008 	You must stay here	My wife and I decided to stay in London for a weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Initally we had picked the Thistle City Barbican off Old Street. However, after reading guest reviews we decided to change. Our booking had been made through Superbreaks, they agreed to change our hotel without any fuss, just more money.After checking a number of hotel review sites we settled on the Raddison Edwardian Mountbatten. This was a good choice.This hotel is sutuated right at the top end of Seven Dials and is convenient to almost anywhere in Central London. The nearest underground stations are Leicester Square or Covent Garden. There is not much between them as regards distance. At most they are five minutes walk away, and you even have the pleasue of passing some very nice shops on the way. On arrival we were greeted by a very friendly receptionist called Charlotte. She made us feel very welcome and gave the impression nothing would be any bother.Our room was a double, number 508. We have stayed in larger, but we had no complaints whatsoever regarding it's cleanliness. We were not overly concerned about the size of the room as we did not intend being in it for any lengthy periods.The bed was very comfortable and all the usual facilities were available: trouser press, ironing board and iron, tea/coffee, television, en-suite etc., there was even a safe for your valuables.What can I say about the breakfast? They were sumptuous! On Saturday and Sunday mornings we had a buffett. The staff were very couteous and did make you feel as though you were only allowed to eat a certain amount. It was open season. The selection consisted of cereals, fruit juices, crossiants, cold meats (including smoked salmon), cheese, fruit, cooked breakfast (as much as you could pile on your plate, toast, tea or coffee. Off course you could have it all if you really wanted. And I did.On Monday there was no buffett but we still had sufficient to start us off on the day.Superbreaks had given us some vouchers for dining out. One of them was a two for one in the Dial restaurant in the Mountbatten.The portions were not large, but the food was piping hot and delicious. We selected two courses from the set menu for £19.50 (for two with the voucher) plus a large bottle of sparkling water and one glass of wine, which were the most expensive items of the night.Again the staff were very efficient and friendly making sure our experience was a very pleasant one.On the Sunday night we used another 2 for 1 voucher, this time for the Mountbatten's sister hotel, the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth, just a short walk away (10 minutes). Here we were met with the same level of attention and detail. Well done to the Radission Edwardian group of hotels.One bit of advice to anyone thinking of staying in this hotel:- if you don't intend to consume any of the beverages in the room mini bar, then do not even open the door. The fridges are interactive and if you as much as move the contents you will be asked to report to reception to authorise their payments. We had a look but did not consume. There was no problem whatsoever having the items we touched removed from our bill. The receptionist stated it was not unusual for this to happen.All in all we had a very enjoyable stay and would return again. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to any reader/user of this site.	
Aug 23 2008 	great location	I spent 2 nights in this hotel at the end of July. I had Single room, which was very small and a little outdated, but I had a nice view on London Eye. I suppose Suite would be a lot better, but I was offered 60 pounds upgrade, which I did not take, because I was alone and I did not need more space.Location is just great. There is just a couple of minutes pleasurable walk to Covent Garden. Also to Trafalgar Square you just need about 10 minutes of easy walk. And to Leicester sqare even less.Hotel staff was just great. They knew that I am alone and they helped me with everything.n.	
Jul 25 2008 	Location	I´m not going to be original here. The best thing about this hotel is location, no doubt. It´s not only close to most places a tourist would go, but the area is charming as well.Seven dials is a lovely little square with not too much traffic and it´s full of people strolling around or eating on weekends and at lunchtime.The hotel itself is OK. Well appointed, good service and free WiFi. My room, a single, was the low point. Very, very small. And I´m used to small euro rooms. But, what annoyed me the most, was the &quot;electronic&quot; sensors on the fridge. If you move the cans, even if you don´t cosume, you´ll be automatically charged. I think it sends a bad message to guests.The bathroom on the other hand was big enough, specially for such a small room. It was also modern and well appointed.I did not try breakfast or the hotel bar.A tip: If you need to have your clothes washed just go across the street. There is a dry cleaner and that is where the hotel actually sends guest´s laundry. And, of course, they charge you a fraction of what the hotel would.	
Jul 8 2008 	Very Central and close to all theatres	Stayed last week for two nights on a theater break.On checking in we were early but no problem booking in.we were offered an upgrade to a suite for £40 per night,well worth it.Great room number 217.King size bed and enough room for 4 people in the room great view out to the seven dials junction and the theatre.Everyone in the hotel were friendly and helpfull whilst getting our bearings in the area.bathroom was clean with bouble sinks and a great shower,plenty of presure.The only thing we had a problem with was there was no instructions on how to work the shower controls(the red and blue indicators had rubbed off).The bed was very comfortable and the breakfast was well cooked and servied quickly no problems there.I would stay again as long as i could stay in a suite.	
Jun 28 2008 	Worst room I have ever stayed in in my life	Maybe it was just our room (room 111) but when asked how did we enjoy our stay I couldn't help but tell the receptionist that the room was the worst I had ever experienced. A fellow traveller joined the chorus when he heard my comment - and it wasn't cheap !!Tiny Tiny room - bathroom extremely tiny - couldn't close the door without shuffling myself out of the way. Decor was very drab and outlook to triangle of other rooms.Room was two steps above corridor and then two steps down to the room again ?? Don't know why.Staff were overall quite good and location good but wouldn't go back again and will strongly recommend to anyone who asks to stay away.	
Jun 23 2008 	Perfectly Situated	This hotel is perfectly situated on Monmouth Street. It is a short walk to Covent Garden, and the British Museum. British Library, National Gallery Trafalgar Square and many other top tourist sites are also close by.Hotel is right in the theatre district, and it is very near London’s Chinatown. There are loads of good restaurants and shops in the neighborhood. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. My room was a decent size, and it was about that I expected. Unlike many other British hotels, this one offers free Internet access. Many others I stayed at charge 15 pounds per day. Free newspapers too!This is not a five star hotel, but it is a very good one, and it is a good value for London	
Jun 21 2008 	Cracker of a hotel and area!	This hotel is in the coolest part of London in my opinion. its in covent garden. great boutiques, loads of shops, restaurants, huge market, pubs.....its a lovely, friendly area. has personality! the hotel is near china town and soho, and rite in the westend!the hotel itself is very cute and comfortable. staff are helpful and not at all pretentious. i think good value for money. my suite or room, not sure what it is...is spacious. im so impressed with this hotel i have stayed here 2 and a half weeks now! do yourself a favour and google it. i was also able to negotiate better rates - prob cos i stayed for a while. its also within walking distance from picadilly sq, and heaps more! just dont waste time searching, stay here if you can!	
Jun 15 2008 	Great location	Monmouth Street is in one of the most vibrant areas in London. Wide variety of bars, restaurants and trendy clothes shops all within a few minutes walk.No need to pay hotel rates for breakfast if not included in room rate, many excellent cafes nearby where you can eat for a few pounds - who said London was expensive?Public areas in hotel up to Radisson standard, plush without being opulent. Complimentary Financial Times/WSJ and free wireless internet access.Our room was tiny and some of its fittings had seeen better days but it had all facilities. We were on 1st floor directly above Monmouth St but noise was not a problem at all.Leicester Square Underground Station 100 yards away has a direct line to Heathrow, only £4 single and one hour journey time from terminal to hotel.	
May 24 2008	Just OK	All the other reviewers have hit it on the mark. The location is great to walk to theatre and tourist attractions. The front desk friendly and helpful. And then.... the room OK but not clean or appealing. The &quot;deluxe&quot; room was tired even though it probably was not redecorated that long ago. Housekeeping was marginal, to be kind. Lots of the staff seemed indifferent. And we were treated to the seven dials drinking chorus for late night entertainment....thankfully there were fabric window shades and heavy curtains. I think that was my favorite part of the stay.	
Apr 21 2008 	Most Comfortable Bed I've EVER Slept In	I booked this hotel after getting a slightly hight rate than the Travelodge were quoting. I booked a room with 2 single beds and when we checked in we were asked what floor we wanted to be on. Our actual room was small but it had everything we needed, an iron/ironing board, lots of cupboard space, a big clean light bathroom, a tv and the most comfortable bed I've EVER slept in. It was comfortable I didn't want to get off of it everytime I laid down.We also had breakfast and we could only eat half of it as there was so much food. Next time I have to stay over night because of work I will be booking this hotel.	
Apr 16 2008 	My hotel of choice in London	Having admired this hotel from the outside, I was happy to get a great deal for a one night stay in a deluxe room, paying around £130 room only, and was suitably impressed with the hotel. We dropped our bags off at the hotel in the morning before an appointment and I was impressed that the reception staff remembered me by name when I returned that afternoon to check in to our room.The room lived up to expectations - it was small but not cramped, with one of the largest beds I've seen, and was stylishly decorated, as was the bathroom. There was also plenty of wardrobe space, a large dressing table/desk and a small table and comfy chair. I would however be wary of booking a standard room, as you wouldn't really want any less space. The television was surprisingly small and old fashioned for a hotel of this class, and we did have some problems with the TV's reception, but somebody was sent straight up to deal with this, even though it was late at night. The room also had a range of plug sockets so that international guests could plug in their electrical equipment without an adaptor which I thought was a nice touch.The communal areas were lovely. The Dial Bar is a great spot to grab a cocktail and people watch. The prices may be a bit on the expensive side but no more so than any stylish bar in London. Having visited the bar on other occasions there are however sometimes problems with understaffing. The reception area was also stylish yet welcoming, with huge sofas and a supply of newspapers and magazines, and the staff were more than happy for my friends (not hotel guests) to lounge in reception whilst I changed for dinner.However, the best feature of this hotel has to be its location, right on Seven Dials in the heart of Covent Garden. Please note however, that during my stay, Covent Garden, the nearest underground station, was only allowing people to get off at the station and not to board trains from there. Alternatively, Leicester Square station is not much further away, or the concierge is happy to hail you a cab.We didn't eat any meals in the hotel, but there are plenty of options in the vicinity, including for breakfast (and at a much cheaper price than the hotel breakfast!).All in all, I had a great stay at the Mountbatten, and it would be my first choice for future trips to London, provided I could get a good rate for a deluxe room.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Location	Right in the heart of Covent Garden. Lots of lovely restaurants nearby. The staff made this hotel, always smiling, friendly, polite and really helpful.We arrived really late on the friday night and had booked a deluxe room but they only had a standard one...this was tiny, you could hardly walk around the bed, but we spoke to the front desk and they had a larger room available and also gave us both breakfast the following day for the inconvenience caused, which was a nice touch.Room was clean, well furnished, bathroom was fine but take your own shower gel and shampoo, they had one of those pumps that dispenses some kind of soap on the wall in the shower which was not very pleasant.Concierge were great and knew the answer to everything, the way it should be!	
Apr 10 2008 	Air Freshner Required	I had booked a 2 night stay in the Radisson Edward Mountbatten in April 08 and I checked out this morning.The rate I paid through a work travel agent was £245 per night and the first room that I was allocated was a tiny box room with a single bed - this was despite requesting a double bed at the point of booking.I contacted reception only to be told that the rate I paid through the travel agent was necessarily the rate the hotel charged! Nice customer service there.The then said they would allocate another room. This was Room 219 and although the bed seemed to be a 2/3rd double the room absolutely stank. So much so that I had to go and buy an air-freshner as the bathroom in particular smelled of stale water. Perhaps the cracked tiles and mouldy bath had something to do with this.The room didn't even have a secuirity lock on the door and I guess that this is the emergency re-allocation room within the hotel.I had a booking in place for the next week, as I expected a high quality Raddison hotel, but this was sadly lacking.	
Mar 31 2008	Great Location at the Radisson	My company recently moved their London office location to Covent Garden, so I was looking for a hotel within walking distance. The Radisson had a good negotiated corporate rate and was a short 4 block walk, so even though some of the reviews were less than stellar, I went for it.Prior to arriving, I had emailed the Radisson to see if I could get early check-in after my trans-Atlantic flight. When I arrived, they had my request in the system and it was no problem to check in, even at 8:30 AM! The front desk and concierge staff were welcoming and helpful during my 4-night stay. In fact, the only real glitch with the reception staff came with my wake-up call on the day I was leaving, it rang at 4:30 AM - not the 5:30 AM I asked for! The Radisson offers free Wireless internet access throughout the hotel, I never had issues connecting (once I got it figured out the first time!) Also nice for us American travelers, the desk had a 110V plug in case you didn't have an adaptor for your laptop.My room was a decent size for London. The bed was really comfortable, there were lots of hangars and space in the closet, and the bathroom was well-appointed. I had double sinks, and both a tub and shower (although I do have to say it was the tiniest shower stall I have ever been in!) Housekeeping was efficient: I always had plenty of towels, the room was spotless, etc.I also used the gym in the basement. It was small, but it was fine for me. In fact, most days I was the only person using it!I did not eat in the hotel restaurant (A hot Breakfast was over $32 USD.) I grabbed something from the many takeout places nearby (Pret, M&amp;S). It was cheap and fresh. I did meet a colleague for drinks down there one night, and the service was okay. The bar was packed and it seemed that the servers were having a tough time keeping up. All in all, I would definitely stay at the Radisson again. It is in a great location (whether for business or pleasure) and the amenities were fair for the price I paid. Obviously being able to walk to my office was a huge plus, with the Tube costing $8 USD!	
Mar 21 2008 	Great location it's just......................	I have stayed at the wonderful Radisson Edwardian in Manchester and decided that, for a business trip of only one night, a hotel from the same chain would be perfect.Sadly not, but still a decent hotel by London's standards. Lovely reception area, clean and welcoming. Charlotte the receptionist was excellent.However, the cracks begin to show from this point onwards. One lift was working and it was painfully slow, so ask where the stairs are (they are not that obvious).The room is nicely decorated, a modern bathroom but had mould around the seals. I don't understand why hotels that charge this amount of money can't have decent TV sets. The five normal channels with a few news channels... all rather grainy. Even low budget hotels generally have a few sky channels.....The sash window had a gap at the side i could fit a pen through..... and in a chilly March let a rather stiff breeze through and with only roman blind as opposed to thick curtains for protection. The building site outside the window, at least did not start work until a relatively respectable 8.00am, but the workmen could have literally climbed in my window. Not the hotels fault... I understand but the gaps in sash are.I was seated at breakfast and then promptly ignored for ten minutes only to be questioned by a rather fed up looking waitress &quot;Why are you here?&quot; ....... er that would be breakfast.Breakfast food was good, room service food was awful. I heard my neighbours arguing with the waiter about incorrect food being delivered.It is in a great place, just near 7 dials, perfect for visitors of a night or two, and the staff, in general, are really efficient and friendly, it just didn't sit right with me..... but I tried, I really did.	
Mar 7 2008 	Disappointed!	I had stayed in this hotel in June 2007 and was very pleased with it. I therefore had no hesitation in booking it again for a girlie weekend in March 2008.On my previous visit the twin room was a good size but this time it was little more than a box room!I did ask for an alternative room and the receptionist showed me a room on the smoking floor but it was the same size. If I had been charged less for the room because of it's size I wouldn't have minded but £195 is alot for a room where my friend and I kept kicking the wall next to the bed all night. I have e-mailed the Manager of the hotel with my complaint but to date have had no reply!	
Feb 2 2008 	Location Location Location	Location is everything with this hotel. If you like to go the theatre, shopping, and other central London atractions this is one of the better hotels you can stay in, but do try to find a good deal. The room was small, but for London (and most other big cities) thats normal. Amenities in the room and hotel were good. For those people who complain about the room size, you just have to pay more or go to other areas in London (central London like the theatre ditrict is pricy). For those who complain about tv channels, just stay at home, TV is not the reason you go to London for.	
Jan 22 2008 	Not a bad hotel	We stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten Hotel on Sunday before going to see a concert and had an overall pleasant experience. Yes the rooms are small but the staff are very friendly and helpful and the location is really what you are paying for. The bar is very nice and and again the staff were pleasant although one member did accuse my partner of leaving without paying for a bottle of wine when he had just gone up to the room and I was still occupying our table.The rooms are small but nice and personally I would rather have a good small room than an awful large one. I would suggest that if you don't like to be woken early in the morning that you remember to hang your &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door as we were woken by a rather enthusiastic member of the housekeeping team at 8am.Although it seems like I've had a bit of a moan on this review the negative things I've mentioned were only minor niggles and I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family and would definitley stay there again.	
Jan 19 2008 	Loved the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten	Location, Location, Location!For a visit to the West End, this is an excellent choice.Our room was great and with all amenities including safe, minibar, coffee service, pants press, ironing board, lots of wall plugs. TV is adequate with few channels, however. The bath was ample with tub and shower, dual sinks.We had breakfast at the restaurant--best described as indifferent.Concierge staff was excellent--helped us get tickets to sold-out British Museum show.But the real reason to stay here is the location. If you are planning on spending most of your time in the West End, it is perfect. Close to tube and bus lines, walking distance to everything.	
Nov 18 2007	Bar staff rude and unhelpful	Just had to write a review on this hotel as I feel that a hotel of this standard really did not live up to its expectations. We arrived and went to our room (very small and dingy). The bathroom bin had not been emptied and was full of sanitary items which was very unpleasant. We contacted the front desk and was immediately upgraded to a suite which was much nicer. In the evening we returned to the hotel after seeing a show and went to the bar (we was with a party of 36 people) and the bar staff told us they did not have any glasses and that it would be at least half hour before they would even be able to serve us. It was as if we was an inconvenience for them and im sure they would have been happy if we had just gone to the pub over the road missing out on £180 for one round of drinks!!! DRINKS ARE VERY EXPENSIVE HERE! We was waiting in the dining area for them to serve us when a mouse ran across the dining area. Our group leader complained to the management and as of yet I do not know the outcome. We decided not to eat in the restaurant for breakfast and left the hotel instead. The front desk staff were very help and pleasant but unfortunately I wont returning to this hotel.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great location	I enjoyed my stay at this London hotel.Great location.I had a first floor room, overlooking a tree and the street. The window could be opened, to let in fresh air and street noise. (It was a quiet backstreet, and so a nice street noise!).The room was a standard size hotel room, and the bathroom was stylish, although one morning there was no hot water at all in my room.The staff were very helpful and friendly.Apart from the hot water, my only &quot;complaint&quot; was that the elevators were small and had strange habits due to the security system installed in them -- so not much to complain about.	
Sep 30 2007 	No complaints	I come to London from Dublin once a month for business. The company I work for have a corporate policy with Radisson hotels.Most of the time the hotels own website is cheaper than our corporate rate and it also includes breakfast, so I always check it first, this time the corp rate was better so I had to use it. I like this hotel (when this one is booked out we stay at the 5 star Mayfair Radisson about 25 mins walk away) however I would rather stay here because of location and buzz, its a bit less pretentious than the Mayfair and there is not that much difference really. The hotel is on a small one way street, so traffic noise etc is not an issue. Soho, China Town, West End theatres etc are all within 5-10 mins walk...the musical Chicago is right opposite.If you can afford, take a King Deluxe room overlooking Monmouth Street, higher floor if possible. The standard double rooms can be small, clean and all that, but just small.I have found the front desk, and staff in general, to be excellent about 80% of the time, so Im happy enough with that. The breakfast is fine by normal English standards.I will continue to come to London regularly for the foreseeable future, and I will continue to stay at the Radisson Mountbatten	
Sep 9 2007 	Good location but very small rooms	This is a good hotel to choose for a convenient location for theatres, shopping and tourist attractions, however the rooms are very small and the bathroom needed redecorating. I think you can find better value hotels not too far away.	
Aug 24 2007 	GREAT SPOT	Brilliant Location especially as i could park my husband in the nice lobby with his newspaper and a coffee and be in the shops in 2 mins [ He hates shopping.]Theatre's shops and cafes are within mins so no need for taxis  The overall appearance of the hotel was pleasant but the bedroom was disappointing it was small and the noise from a airconditioning motor outside kept me awake, had we been staying longer we would have reqeusted another bedroom .The Staff {all of them } were a great bunch and nothing was to much trouble and it was allways service with a smile. the breakfast selection was excellent and the Afternoon tea great value for money consisting of a selection of sandwiches scones cake and tea for 2 people £9 .overall good place to stay and would certainly come back again.  Mitch . Preston Lancs	
Aug 15 2007 	Not the worst certainly not the best	We booked four rooms in this hotel for a European Family Vacation (we are from the US). The location was OK. Close to the tube and some theaters. We were not impressed with the breakfast. VERY small rooms.	
Aug 6 2007	Great location but.......	Hotel is well located adjacent to Seven Dials in the Theater district of London. Easy walking distance to Liecester Square, Museums, Trafalgar Square, etc. Many nice restaurants, shops, and bars are nearby. Easy access to the Tube. Lobby was clean and pleasant. Hotel breakfast (included with my reservation) was ok. No need to do hotel breakfast as there are plenty of places nearby. Hotel staff was generally pleasant and helpful although not across the board. Main issue to me was that the hotel bedding was not at all comfortable. Bedding really needs to be replaced/ updated. Slept poorly due to uncomfortable mattress. The convertable sofa for our daughter was incredibly uncomfortable and flimsy. Hotel could also benefit by replacing the carpeting which looks worn and not so clean in some areas. The room was large and quiet. The bathroom had a very sterile look but was clean and functional. Elevators were slightly slow and were the smallest I have ever seen. Overall I think this hotel has great potential based on location and room size. It does however (in my opinion) need upgrading. Until these upgrades are done I would not stay here again and would not recommend it to a friend.	
Jul 30 2007 	Hotel from hell	This is the Radisson at the Seven Dials in Covent Garden in London. I never thought I would write a review of a hotel, and I have been in some seedy crap hotels, but this one takes the cake!They charge you the prices of a 4 star hotel and stick you in a double room the size of a toilet and the quality of what would go in a toilet. The rooms are old and disgusting, the television has only a couple of channels and is not the fancy tv they pretend exists on their website. The mattress is something out of the 16th century. The bathroom is a sorry excuse for a coffin, but ends up being the best part of this awful place.DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE! It's a nightmare!!	
Jul 30 2007 	Amazing Hotel! I'll Be Back!	Because of London's vastness, one of the most important aspects of finding a good hotel is its location. In this regard, I doubt the Mountbattan can be beat. It is in the very heart of London's theatre district and steps away from virtually all of the best neighborhoods in London. Located on a charming block with boutiques, pubs, and restaurants, the Mountbattan is truly in the center of the best London has to offer.The hotel itself is absolutely top-notch. I booked a deluxe room with a king bed and was extremely impressed both by the extrordinary comfort of the bed and the high quality of the room. The marble bathroom, fully stocked mini-bar, and fluffy terrycloth robe all contributed to the overall luxurious feel of the room. The hotel has a restaurant, a gym, and use of the hotel computer. My only complaints of the entire property are that the gym is tiny and in desparate need of remodling and the maid woke me up every morning by slamming each door she exited. All in all though this hotel is a find. Enjoy the Mountbattan. You won't be dissapointed.	
Jul 24 2007 	Never book a singel room here!!!	The location is terrific, the bar is a nice place to hang out after a night in the theatre, the breakfast is uninspired but okay, but when you have booked a single room at this hotel,you have made a mistake.The room I stayed in (# 619), was not worthy of the title, but would have been better described a broomcloset. Harry Potter might have been able to make it into something decent, but this is a room which is not worth it's (expensive) price. I could touch both walls with my hands without fully extending my arms. If I had put the ironboard up, I would have had to stand in the public hallway to iron. And to use the toilet you would have to be a very flexible person.When asking the manager, he agreed this was a very small room, but offered no alternative.If you're here for half a night it might be okay, otherwise I suggest you look for an alternative.	
Jul 5 2007 	Good Location but .....	We stayed for 2 nights and paid £200 a night including breakfast. Our room was cramped and the decor a bit tired, not in itself a big problem, however the room was poorly maintained with a bulb which needed replaced, mini bar which did not chill and the bathroom fan working all the time. I mentioned this to staff after night 1 but although the fan was disconnected, the other matters were not attended to.During all the time at the hotel we did not encounter a manager and I think this perhaps explains erratic service and some poorly executed food.Beware the 12 1/2% service charge which is added to the bill in the bar/restaurant and the tip line which is left blank!	
May 29 2007 	great location erratic service	I had read the TA reviews before going and expected a small room plus poor bar service. The room was good, plenty spacious enough for a one nighter but the bar service was really bad - we walked out in the end without being served - it was 10pm and only one person was serving. Check in was good, we were allowed to check in early. Staff were very pleasant (apart from in the Dial Bar where 3 were AWOL and the other was serving he who shouted loudest rather than she who'd waited longest) The location is the great feature of the hotel with Cov Garden and Traf Sq both within a few minutes walk. Check your bills though, we were charged for breakfast on an inclusive breakfast deal - it was no bother getting it removed.	
May 12 2007 	Best Choice in Covent Garden	I stay in this hotel frequently when I travel to London on business, most recently in March 2007. After trying a few other hotels in the vicinity, I discovered this one, which tends to have better rates and is far superior to any other in the immediate area (including the Radisson Edwardian at Leicester Square, just a short stroll away). The free in-room WiFi access is fast and reliable, the restaurant and bar are hip &amp; trendy while maintaining a high quality. The hotel's location, directly on Seven Dials, is the best address in West London. This hotel's only drawback: its non-deluxe rooms are quite cramped; I booked a double once and couldn't stand it...had to upgrade to a deluxe. Otherwise, you can't go wrong at the Mountbatten.	
May 8 2007 	Very Friendly Service Great Location	Stayed for a long weekend in a Deluxe King Room and was very pleased.Very friendly service – nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast was buffet style with a large selection and it’s one of the few hotels that would make me an Egg white only omelette with no fuss what so ever.The rooms are not massive but more than adequate and the shower was strong enough to pin you to the wall (if you wanted it to)We got early check in, very late check out, deluxe room and breakfast all for £150 a night and at the quality we got it was a bargain I would definitely stay at the Mountbatten again.	
Apr 15 2007 	A good hotel but not without flaw	I only stayed one night in Radisson Mountbatten, but it cost me £144. Quite alot.The service was veyr good indeed and there was a buffet-style breakfast included. They had a decent selection in a nice environment. Hot and cold foods with ample toast and coffee etc.Staff were very friendly indeed and they have a very nice sitting room area in the lobby.The room was clean, as was the bathroom, however I did notice that some repainting was needed on the bathroom door - it was flaking off.The main thing that drew me to this hotel was the WiFi in the rooms. It worked brilliantly right away and was at no extra cost, so I could finish my Uni work and email it in from my hotel room.The bed was a double and was incredibly comfortable.I didn't like the fact that the room was fairly small and was in full view (if they looked up) of the busy street below or the boozers at the pub opposite. I had to close the curtains to get privacy - A net curtain would have been ideal for this to not block out the sunlight.I had a mini bar in my room, but I didn't use it becuase it was extortionate. Just for a small bag of KP nuts it was £2.50 and the KitKat was £2.25! Mental pricing! I got myself some snacks from a shop though.I feel I was well looked after by the staff and I had a pleasant time in the hotel. To be honest, due to the pricing, I probably wouldn't stay there again. I'd find somewhere maybe a little further out of the sought-after locations for a much cheaper price, because as it turned out, most places are easily accessible using the tube.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great location so-so hotel	This was my second stay at the hotel. The location can hardly be bettered and this makes up for a lot. Staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but have the necessary stuff; cleanliness isn't bad for London. The bed was awful, the mattress was worn out and the frame sticks out beyond the mattress- in a smallish room we found it clumsy and kept banging legs on it. Smell of damp in room, heating hard to control. Windows opposite require curtains to be closed for privacy. Room service was uninspiring and expensive. Pricing at London average, i.e. expensive compared to just about everywhere else. Just see it as a place to sleep when doing the West End and it's not a bad choice.	
Mar 29 2007 	Good location but the rooms aren't great	I stayed in this hotel for a week in Feb 07 and found my room very mediocre. The double room I had was very small - think shoebox, the air com did not work and I had to step over the toilet to get into the bath, where the shower was.The room was a single at best - definately not a double.	
Mar 6 2007 	Fab great stay	we booked into this hotel as a one night treat to see the sights of London.*perfectly situated*Really nice/helpful staffWe were a family of 4 and had a room with a king size bed (though it was much larger than the king size bed we have at home!) a sofa bed and a cot. The room was WELL equipped and the bed linen crisp and spotless. The room service was excellent, as were all the staff we had contact with....they could not do enough for us.....I was quite surprised as we had children and you don't expect to be treated so well. we had a fantastic stay. Would go back, for sure.	
Feb 21 2007 	Mountbatten	This is an incredible location. If you've come to London for theater this is the place to stay. It is literally right at Seven Dials. You can walk just about anywhere from here.The hotel itself is a very good 4 star hotel. Yes, the rooms are tiny - even the &quot;deluxe&quot; ones. But the rooms are nicely done and the bathroom is also small but very nice. The staff was outstanding. They were extremely helpful and courteous. Stay out of the bar, though. Drinks are very expensive and the service sucks.All in all - the Mountbatten is a terrific place to stay for London theater goers.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Location	We stayed here on a Friday night, as we had lunch booked in Mayfair the next day.The location of the hotel certainly can't be faulted. If you're looking to visit a theatre, go shopping or just experience some of the nicer bits of the West End then this is an excellent place to stay.For our visit the reception staff were polite, efficient and friendly and so was the concierge desk. We had a standard room and it was fairly small, but this is to be expected in London in this age of building. The decor was smart and everywhere was clean and well presented.The bar/dining area was clearly a place that non-residents used and the views of Seven Dials are superb.For the &lt;£100 we paid this certainly represented good value. No need to pay for breakfast either - there are plenty of other places nearby.	
Jan 6 2007 	Good hotel in excellent location	Have just returned from a great 2 night stay in London. Everything about the hotel was good. Very clean rooms, friendly staff, good breakfast. Will be coming back soon. Have stayed here several times in the past and its always been good value for London. Cannot understand why so many other reviewers were disappointed.	
Jan 5 2007 	Location Location Location	I agree, the location of this hotel is it's greatest asset. We've stayed there a number of times now and this last visit was much less satisfactory than previous stays. The room we had was tiny and really claustrophobic and we had problems with the shower but the concierge arranged for it to be fixed immediately. We've had bigger rooms for the same price so not sure what happened this time. The bar is extortionately priced and the service is awful. Expect to wait for your drink. For the prices being charged you don't expect your order to be considered an inconvenience to the bar staff. Having said all of this the hotel is worth staying in for the location alone - it's so central.	
Jan 2 2007 	Great location but otherwise pretty average	This hotel is in a great location, being less than 5 minutes from Covent Garden and 10 minutes to Picadilly Circus. It has an attractive entrance and reception area.Despite the glossy look though I wouldn't give it any more than a luke warm review. Rooms are tiny, smaller even than you would expect in London and it is the high end of prices. Breakfast is not included and the cost is ridiculous, particularly when you can walk to a whole range of excellent small cafes within 5 minutes or less and have a great breakfast for half the price.Staff are professional and polite, although we felt lacked any real warmth. You certainly wouldn't feel at home in this hotel.The bar is a nice place to watch London life go by, but drinks are as expensive as you would expect in a hotel in this location and service again is a little inpersonal - again, best to go out and find a good atmospheric bar in my view.If I were you I would book into a small more personal hotel.	
Jan 1 2007 	fantastic	this was a very last minute decision to stay in central London on new year's eve and I was expecting the normal irritations - problem with booking, unfriendly staff, tiny room, noisy etc. Am delighted to say I experienced NONE of this at the Radisson Edwardian! I arrived late afternoon and the reception/check in staff were friendly and efficient. My room was lovely - a big single bed by anyone's standards, a furry comforter which was very comforting, good size clean bathroom and huge heavy drapes which helped to shut out the city noise and the wind/rain. After an hour or so of checking in I got a call from reception to ask me if everything was OK and did I need anything - I thought that was particularly impressive especially as they looked busy on new year's eve. I checked out equally quickly and I have to say I'll be recommending this hotel to everyone. Thank you for a lovely stay.	
Dec 31 2006 	Not bad for central London	Don't be put off by some of the poor reviews, this hotel isn't that bad and has one of the best locations in covent garden. We stayed from 29th-31st December, double room on the 3rd floor. The rooms are small but when staying in central London you have to ask yourself how long you intend to stay in your hotel room!. The hotel is right in the middle of the theatre district with most shows within 10minutes walk we saw Mary Poppins (5 mins walk) and The Lion King (10 mins walk), coupled with being only 5 minutes from the tube stations at either covent garden or leicester square you can't go wrong if you want a decent hotel in a great location.Providing you don't pay full price the hotel is excellent value, shop around on the internet and you should be able to get a room B&amp;B for between £105 and £125 per night.	
Dec 23 2006 	Don't bother	The one thing that the hotel can do nothing about is its only strength - its locationWe booked at the last minute and booked an upgraded room. When we checked in (at the second attempt - when we first turned up they did not have our booking), the room was little more than a converted cupboard - we could not even lay our small cases on the floor. The ceiling was low and the aircon/heating oppresively loud. The &quot;curtain&quot; harldy kept out any light.When we pointed out the mistake, reception thought of a thousand excuses not to sort it out (maybe we could move to another Radisson, for example, but not just yet their computers were down and woudl take hours ot fix!).London is a huge tourist city, and that is why this place survives, it does not care that people will not return, as Heathrow will provide it with a constant source of new punters.Avoid	
Nov 23 2006 	Disaster	Stayed overnight in this hotel mid week. Excellent central location although offered a twin room when paid for a deluxe. Was up on the 7th floor and was annoyed all night by the noise of a large generator. Ear plugs are a must!The breakfast offered was excellent and there is a nice bar within the hotel (although vodka is overpriced and over-iced).	
Nov 21 2006	Beware of Overcharging!!!	I am a frequent traveller and have stayed in the Mountbatten many times due to its excellent location. What I dont like is the constant attempt to overcharge. I recently stayed in a Standard Room and paid the amount that is normally charged for a Suite or a Deluxe Room. Please make sure that you are getting the room and the value you are paying for.	
Nov 13 2006 	Liked it a lot	Selected this particular hotel because of its location. Situated 5 Mins walk from Leicester Sq its an ideal base for seeing the sights and theatreland. The rooms are quite small yet well appointed and very clean, many thanks to Fatima for our room service. Check in and out was swift, and all staff were very polite and pleasantwell worth a visit	
Oct 12 2006	honeymoon sight seeing	An excellent base for sight seeing everywhere theatres etc. within a short walk. Staff were friendly beyond the call of duty. Would certainly stay again. Highly recommended	
Sep 23 2006 	Had a Great Time!	I spent a long weekend in London over the Labor Day weekend wiih my sister giving her some brotherly support (breakup, tears, etc., etc.) and wanted to find a place near Covent Garden &amp; SoHo; I correctly thought that a lively 'hood might cheer her up. Boy, did I choose correctly! The Mountbatten is in the PERFECT neighborhood (Seven Dials) for shopping, theater, music, dance, museums, restaurants....so near Covent Garden, Leicester Square and the afore-mentioned SoHo that we hardly used the Underground or taxis. The neighborhood itself is charming and funky, and reminded me somewhat of my own neighborhood of Chelsea in NYC. My room was comfortable (the bed was great, the bath was clean and served its purpose) and while on the small side, as another reviewer pointed out, one doesn't spend all that much time in one's room during a trip to London, so the fact that it wasn't cavernous was not a problem with me. It was immaculate, housekeeping cleaned the room everyday (including Sunday, which surprised me,) the newspapers placed outside the door everyday were greatly appreciated (you'd be surprised how many establishments do not bother with this amenity nowadays) and at an average of $290.00 per night for central London, I was very pleased.I did not eat in the hotel's restaurant, but did have drinks in the lobby bar, and the staff were attentive, pleasant and friendly, as were the concierge and front-desk personnel.Unless there had been major changes subsequent to the recent negative reviewers' stays, I really can't understand why they had such unpleasant experiences. My stay was great, and I'd definately return.	
Sep 5 2006 	We'd Stay Again - Brilliant Location	We booked this on londontown.com it was a secret hotel booking, I must admit when the name was confirmed I was worried given the amount of poor reviews in here but I needn't have worried. Great Location, clean &amp; modern, yes rooms &amp; bathrooms are small to be expected in central london &amp; in London your out most of the time anyway. (de-luxe rooms may be bigger but for the extra expense is it worth it!)We paid £95 a night Tax included which given london hotel prices is great, you could pay the same for a crappy 2 star. ?Having said that I wouldn't pay £200 a night for it.We also did a pre check in on-line on the raddison website which was great we requested an early check-in, a room on a higher floor and a quiet room and all needs were met, our room keys were ready on arrival and it took 2 mins to complete check in. Breakfast not included was £18 obviously we didn't have the breakfast! There's tons of nice places locally in Soho, Govent Garden etc and its far more enjoyable to get out of the hotel to breakfast, we had lovely food for £15 in total for 2.In summary don't pay full wack for it, book on-line deals, eat out for breakfast and you can't go too far wrong with this hotel.	
Jul 13 2006	loved the hotel	location is absolutely great u cant beat it.We stayed at this hotel me and the wife for our anniversary and within minutes of our arrival a bottle of wine was sent to the room compliments of the hotel (nice touch). The room was lovely albeit small but hey it was comfortable.Concierge were very helpful.breakfast was good unfortunately we were busy eating out did not sample the dinner.	
Jul 7 2006	Superb Location...Falls Short on Service	This was the second time we stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten Hotel. In June 2005, we had a small, but well-appointed room on an upper floor. Sadly, the air conditioning could not keep up with the heat wave and we sweltered all night. Despite this failing, and the $70 breakfast, we returned to give the hotel a second chance. This was based on the fabulous location of the hotel - right in the heart of Covent Garden and within walking distance of 2 tube stops and the theatre district. This June we spent another 4 nights at the hotel. Our request for a room on an upper floor was met, once again. The room was a bit larger, but similar in size to a hotel room in NYC -- small, but efficient space utilization and decorated in a minimalist style. The bathroom was lovely -- strong shower, heated towel bar, a small but efficient layout. Where were the wash cloths? What about the toilet paper? Each afternoon when we returned from sightseeing we had to make a call to the front desk. Each night our requests were met efficiently. However, this became a bit of a joke, i.e. &quot;what will be missing tonight?&quot; -- and somewhat of a nuisance. It appears that there isn't any quality control in the housekeeping department. The amenities in the bathroom were not replenished when needed. Also, we noticed that the concierge was not always on duty and there wasn't a doorman - no one to welcome us. A few times we wanted suggestions for restaurants (last year we had an excellent concierge who provided fabulous suggestions) and no one was at the desk. Was the concierge doubling as the doorman and was he down the block hailing taxi's? One only knows... The hotel seemed to have slipped in this regard.Yes, we would return, due to the great location. We walked to most of our destinations and took the tube several times. There is an excellent coffee shop across the street - the Monmouth Coffee Shop - which is the best cappucino and latte we've ever had. Also, we would check out the Covent Garden Hotel which is next door. Although the &quot;rack rate&quot; is high, we've heard from other travelers that they offer deals, bringing the price in line with the the Radisson Edwardian Mountbatten.	
May 31 2006	Would not recommend this hotel	Me and my husband visited the Mountbatten Hotel for our aniversary in May this year. I am not a big complainer but when I pay £200.00 for a room for 1 night I at least expect it to be clean. There were stains on the carpets, it smelt strongly of cigarettes in fact the whole hotel did. The throws and cushions on the beds had stains on and smelt like they had not been washed in months. We called reception and after some time we were put into another suite. This was just as bad. Cold and smelt and the bathroom bin everytime you opened it it smelt of cigarettes. We did not complain again and just wished we had left that night and saved ourselves some money. We left the hotel first thing on Sunday morning. I would not recommend this hotel. Maybe for location but definelty not for being clean.	
Apr 29 2006 	Great location not so great hotel	I stayed at the Radisson over a long weekend in April while doing some sightseeing in London. On the plus side, you can't beat the location -- minutes from Covent Garden, Leicester Square, and all of the West End theaters.Unfortunately, that's where the positives end. I've visited London many times and I can honestly say that the Radisson had the smallest rooms I'd ever seen. I literally could not leave my suitcase open and have room to move. The room was dark, with one small window overlooking a concrete courtyard. The shower dripped constantly. And the bathroom was tiny. Housekeeping only cleaned my room two of the four days I was there. The hotel room doors automatically slam if you let them close on their own, so I was awakened at 7:30 by the constantly slamming doors each morning.I don't consider myself a critical person when it comes to travel and certainly am aware that hotel standards are different around the world. But there are so many other wonderful hotels in London that I would never recommend this one to anyone. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. This one was very disappointing.	
Apr 19 2006	it's a goodie	This is a very good quality hotel in a top location. It is walking distance for Covent Garden, Soho, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, St James's Park, the Strand, etc. The Ivy is 2 minutes round the corner. There's a reliable French restaurant over the road. Monmouth Street is quiet, there are good quality shops and cafes on your doorstep. There seem to be some good discounted prices available for the hotel. It's a goodie.I stayed in March for 3 nights, thoroughly enjoyed my visit, and (with a choice of any London hotel) have just booked a return visit. I have tried most of the premium hotels in this corner of London. This one is more relaxing and straightforward than St Martin's Lane Hotel or the Howard Hotel, and easier to get into and less expensive than the Covent Garden Hotel (which is super, but becoming a bit too well known). The hotel restaurant does a strong breakfast (not included) - I did fruit and croissants one day and haddock and poached eggs freshly prepared the next. It also doubles as well-to-do but-with-it wine bar.The road was still up in Monmouth Street when I stayed, but I didn't see any mice!	
Mar 7 2006 	A very good experience for London	I was a bit sceptical after some less than wonderful experiences at other Radisson Edwardian offerings in London, but chose it on the recommendation of a colleague at work. The staff were universally very good and attentive. The room on the 3rd floor was of an excellent size for London, well decorated and spotlessly clean. The air conditioning and heating actually responded to the controls and was not over noisy. Breakfast good. The area is superb with lots of choice for places to eat and very central. Would be my first choice for the money in the area.	
Feb 4 2006	Great location - They try very hard - but...	We stayed in late-January for a long weekend. This was our second visit to the hotel as we really like the location. However.... The first room - a deluxe - on the 6th floor was very close to the roof mounted AC system - we had Concord on our head for a night! Then we were moved to a Suite - OK BUT. The window in the bedroom did not fit - it was very cold outside and it was getting inside - amazing what can be done with a towel!!! This still didn't cure the poor heating system - additional electric heaters were supplied - unfortunately this only brought out the smell of the fresh paint!!! Just can't seem to win.But all in all - the staff did as much as they could - it's a shame that the top management don't spend time in the rooms then maybe they would give their staff the tools to do the job right. Overall verdict Good location, fantastic staff attitude, rather pricy, will we go back ? We'll see.	
Jan 30 2006	The mice really keep your room warmer!	The Radisson Covent Garden has location going for it. Since my partner can only walk short distances, Covent Garden was a perfect place, and this hotel is in the middle of it all.The rooms look exactly like the pictures on-line. When you see them in person they are much smaller and look tired. The bed is on a platform (remember dorm living?) about 1 ft from the floor. We paid almost $300 US per night for 4 nights the week leading up to Christmas. The first night we spotted a mouse charging about the room, so we called the manager who put us in another room, then finally a nicer suite (after 2 members of staff chased Mickey all over the room ;) We met other American families whose rooms had been moved for mice as well. They say the mice infusion is since Monmouth was repaired (as youll read in other reviews)makes sense to me. The general feel was quite old and tired, and the included breakfast was ok- if you don't mind English tranditional oils based hot breakfast. Despite all this, the room was comfortable, we were in the BEST location and the concierge is one of the best in town. Having said all of that I won't be staying again. Value for $ was not there for me.	
Jan 30 2006	Nice Hotel	My boyfriend and I arrived on a Friday morning and were checked in immediately by the frosty receptionist. The room she had assigned us was the same size as an average dogbox. The room was so small and dark I think I would have died if I had to stay there all weekend. I requested a different room but I made sure I asked the other receptionist who was really nice. She brought us to a much bigger room, over twice the size and it had really nice views and big en-suite. Hotel was nicely decorated, but the lift was unbelievably slow and was extrememly small (max 2people). The frosty receptionist also tried to get us to go to 'The Ivy' for dinner on Saturday night. This is the most expensive place for dinner in London although lunch prices are not too bad and I was disappointed that she did not show more initiative to direct us elsewhere, saying that it was the only place she knew of. Hotel bar was quite good, really busy and great atmosphere. Otherwise hotel was in a really central location- 5mins to Leicester Sq/ Covent Garden/ Chinatown and 10 mins to Piccadilly Circus. I would probably not stay here again, hotel was unmemorable and staff average.	
Jan 15 2006	Nice city centre hotel with excellent location	Stayed for 2 nights for theatre/shopping/nightlife break. This was perfectly located for all of the above. Quite classy, gorgeous breakfast although it did get busy with a short wait on Saturday morning. Nice trendy bar (bit pricey but not for what it was) with trade from the street. The noise from the corridors was a bit much at times as the rooms were not brilliantly insulated but not a major problem. Nice black out curtains allowing a good lie in!!!Would definitely stay again due to the location and cleanliness.	
Sep 20 2005	Nice but expensive	We stayed at the Radisson Mountbatten Hotel in August, 2005. We originally had reservations with friends at the Radisson Vanderbilt hotel but just as our friends were about to receive their room key, the staff realized we were together so they ushered us into a seating area to tell us there were no rooms available. They proceeded to lie about construction and remodeling going on, so they had to transfer us to another hotel. Even though our friends made their reservations months ago, and we just made our reservations the day before, they said they did not have rooms available. As they quickly escorted us out to cabs, I asked to speak to the manager. The two desks clerks just looked at me blankly, and mumbled there wasn’t a manager. The original desk clerk came back in and I explained to him that I knew they lied and there wasn’t any remodeling or construction going on, And because of a sign posted in the lobby, my best guess was they gave our rooms away to a Tour Group. The clerk did not deny lying, but assured me the other hotel staff would accommodate us for our inconvenience. Honestly, it felt like we were being discriminated against because we didn’t look like upper-class royalty. Though they said they were upgrading our hotel, they did not. We were taken to the Radisson Berkshire, and dropped off in some alley with graffiti on the walls. This was NO upgrade. After much discussion with this staff, we were moved the Radisson Mountbatten.This hotel turned out to be very, very nice. However, the lobby was ugly with terribly worn out couches, and road construction out front. The rooms were super small, but they were beautifully decorated. Even the bathroom was elegant with floor to ceiling marble. There were even TV speakers in the bathroom. The shower set up was rather funky as it was designed to get water all over the floor—it was just a half shower door. The lovely, big, soft towels were super nice but a shame to clean up the floor with.The location was excellent in our opinion. Just a short walk to Trafalgar Square. There were plenty of restaurants, pubs, cafes in close proximity. It felt like we were out of the hustle and bustle of nosey city life. I doubt that we would stay here again given that we had such a bad experience with the other Radisson staff, and the fact that it is a REALLY expensive hotel. The breakfast alone was £30 ($60 US).	
Aug 24 2005	Loved this hotel!!	Just a quick review. We loved this hotel. It is in a perfect location - in the center of Covent Garden, Seven Dials. Our room was updated to a suite when we arrived (nice surprise) - bed was excellent. All you need - lots of hot water with good shower pressure...clean...pretty...comfortable. Breakfast was included in our stay - delicious! Be sure to check out the different packages and prices.Would stay here again. Lovely.	
Aug 24 2005 	Great location and not much else	The one good thing about this hotel is the location; lots of what you'll want to be near as a tourist in Central London is within a 10-15 minute walk. Other than that, the hotel left lots to be desired, especially if you're on business.I was assigned a tiny, tiny room; enough space for a bed, and a wall table and chair. I had gone to London for a business meeting, but given that it was a long weekend in the U.S., I stayed an extra day to enjoy my favorite city in the world. Unfortunately, I caught a foot infection on the next to last day and was confined to my room for most of the afternoon and all night. The tv offerings were slim--5 or 6 British channels, 5 or 6 foreign channels and not much else. The &quot;business center&quot; consists of a computer in the lobby which anyone can access. (In other words, wait for 20 minutes while the 15 year old on vacation w/mum plays with this e-mail.) The bed, though, was very comfortable.The Mountbatten is acceptable; it won't kill you to stay there, but there are better London hotels at this level and price range.	
Aug 23 2005	A good hotel but...	We stayed at this hotel at the beginning of August, in a superior upgrade room, and on the whole, it was good value. The hotel is very close to Covent Garden and its many shops, so there were lots of places to eat out and shop, though at night, young people seemed to congregate around Seven Dials roundabout in large groups. The rooms were very clean and the decor was pleasant - though the fake fur beadspreads were a little strange. No bath mat was available though, for my disabled mother, who found the bath area a little too slippy. We found service in the restaurant to be prompt and the breakfast was generally tasty, although a small niggle was the preference of the chef for serving cold hard boiled eggs. The major problem with the hotel was the fact that the whole of the street outside the hotel, Monmouth Street, was dug up for the laying of a new water main, so taxis found access difficult. We ended up carrying our luggage to the next street, and due to the one way system, taxi fares were higher since they could not go down Monmouth Street from Shaftesbury Avenue.A good hotel, but.....	
Aug 5 2005	Excellent Value for London	While admittedly not a fan of the Radisson chain of hotels - all my previous Radisson experiences have been disappointing - I have to say that my recent experience at the Mountbatten was a pleasant surprise.My business trip to London was only a few days and I needed to be within walking distance of an office in the Covent Garden area. The Mountbatten is very centrally located at Seven Dials which is within walking distance of all the major sites; Soho, Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Regent Street.Also there are numerous pubs and nice restaurants near the hotel.After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I booked a &quot;business&quot; room at the Mountbatten. The business room was slightly larger and included a King Size bed, sofa, coffee table, and desk. The tv was smallish for the size of the room. I paid a rate of 145 pounds per night including breakfast. The room size was bigger than average for London. The bathroom was quite nice although a rather strange shower set up in the tub - no curtain - just a glass half-screen which meant a rather messy experience when showering with water spraying everywhere.The hotel breakfast served a buffet English breakfast. The food was good and the service for coffee and toast was very efficient and nice. My only complaints about this hotel are regarding the fitness center and the lifts. The fitness center consists of 2 rather aging treadmills, a set of ancient free weights and 1 other cardio machine. The center is tucked away in the basement and is secured through a passcode - remember to ask for the code before venturing to the basement. Also the treadmills would stop after 15 minutes of running. There are 2 lifts in the hotel. During my stay 1 lift or the other was out of service the entire time. In the morning it was better to walk down the stairs.Overall, I'd recommend the Mountbatten as an excellent value, clean room, good food and very central location.	
Aug 5 2005	Great location shame about the room!	Just back from two nights at the Mountbatten, booked as a Mystery Hotel on lastminute.com. Was disappointed when my booking confirmation told me it was a Radisson hotel as Id read such mediocre reviews. On arrival my disappointment was affirmed as we were given a box of a room with a view across a narrow street to an office block. Furthermore we then had to ask for the bed sheets to be changed as they were ripped and also had enormous difficulty opening and closing the plug in the sink as it was constantly jammed. A very helpful chambermaid supplied us with a pencil which was the perfect tool for the task! Just little niggly complaints but enough to taint our stay. Otherwise the hotel was satisfactory at around £100 per night. Didnt pay extra for the breakfast as ate a great fry up in nearby cafe for £3.50. Im sure the inhouse breakfast was considerably more expensive. All in all nothing special, but a great location close to Covent Garden made it acceptable.	
Jul 22 2005	If it is not OK you still have to pay	I have stayed at the Radisson Mountbatten for a couple of times in recent years, and at different room levels and seasons with a mixed bag of experiences:Rooms: Standard rooms are generally too small for comfort. Couples should go for a business class room or a suite to get more space. Some suites are located in the corner of the building and offer a nice view of Seven Dials. A bigger room may be complimentary or obtained against an upgrade fee.Breakfast: After four years, the hotel is still struggling to implement a proper procedure to record the hotel guest’s room number at breakfast. This means you may be asked the same tedious question about what room you are in several times during breakfast. Similarly, different members of staff may ask you the same question about whether you want English breakfast. At first, this appears polite and friendly, but on inspection it becomes tedious and unprofessional.Concierge: Always very helpful and friendly.Room service: Generally delivers quality food within reasonable time. However, a room service order that went completely astray during a recent visit and the hotel’s unwillingness to offer a full refund (although Radisson claims if it is not OK, you should not pay) convinced me to stay somewhere else at my next visit to London.	
Jul 10 2005 	A Class Act	We spent two stays of two days apiece on two consecutive weeks in the Radisson Seven Dials in July 2005, and found it to be as nailed-on a good hotel experience as you'll get in London.Both times we booked a Deluxe room. The first stay we had a room on the second floor, which was well-appointed and equipped, and certainly comparable to our expectations of a 4* hotel in size and facilities. Nice touches included very comfortable robes, mood lighting and a speaker in the modern, marble-clad bathroom.The second stay we were upgraded to a junior suite on the sixth floor, which, aside from the extra space (a lounge area with sofa and table) was comparable in 'luxury'. Both rooms were quiet and free of traffic noise, although neither had a 'tourist' view - it was street and buildings all the way.One key and welcome aspect was wireless internet in all rooms, which worked 100% of the time, at great speeds, and totally free. This meant we could plan our travel around the capital at our leisure without mountains of books and guides.Breakfast in the Dial restaurant was excellent by usual standards - with choice for all major Western visitors - be it English breakfast, meats and cheeses, fruits, pastries or even pancakes and maple syrup! The staff were attentive and polite throughout, and the lengths gone by the concierge to hail taxis and arrange transport even south of the river was welcome.The location of the hotel really cannot be bettered. Seven Dials is a wonderful spot, with Soho literally two minutes walk away, Covent Garden the same, and the shopping paradise of Neal Street and Longacre surrounding the hotel. The Covent Garden tube is likewise right next to the hotel, but even walking, Oxford Circus shopping is only twenty minutes away.I can highly recommend the Radisson Mountbatten. Considering you pay a premium price for accommodation there, it delivers on all accounts and in no way do i feel that we paid for anything more than we got. Value for money is not often associated with the upper end of London hotels, but we felt that we got great value from the Radisson.	
May 20 2005	Stellar Experience at the Mountbatten	Just returned from a five night stay at the Mountbatten. I cannot say enough good things about the experience at this hotel. The reviews I have read here were rather mixed, but our experience was spot on stellar. The staff was young, but highly professional, quite personable, promptly attentive without being intrusive, and very knowledgeable. The concierge and Albert, the head of housekeeping, personally went above and beyond to assist me on several occasions. The facilities were spotless and elegant. There was free internet access at a desk at one end of the lobby, quite convenient for quick email checks and looking up tourist info. Breakfast was included with our room. The hotel's Dial restaurant offered an excellent breakfast buffet with fresh fruit, cheeses and two kinds of smoked salmon (!), assorted breads and other items, and the full English, or parts of it, made to order. We didn't eat other meals there, so I can't opine on lunch or dinner. The Dial restaurant is surrounded by picture windows allowing views of busy Seven Dials. Great people watching. There is the very popular Dial bar at one end of the restaurant, quite trendy and absolutely buzzing with activity in the evenings. The decor is quite unfussy, clean-lined, and comfortably chic. I'd call it contemporary infused with traditional elements. We had a suite (!) on the seventh floor, which I can highly recommend. Our suite had a king platform bed with an oversized leather headboard. There was a nice sitting area with love seat and two leather chairs, glass cocktail and end tables, TV and Bose Radio/CD player. In one corner was a built in desk (with power strip for converting plug in devices) which we used as a bar. There was a long walk in closet with full length mirror, safe, mini fridge, built in wood shelving, and plenty of room for hanging clothes along one whole long side of the closet. Lovely thick robes hang in the closet, and slippers are also provided there. Linens are luxury, towels quite thick and very nice. The bath was Italian marble and chrome, with a double trough sink, and a nice long deep tub with a hand held shower wand (quite nice for shampooing in the bath). There was a separate shower with steam feature, and a heated towel rack. Two windows, one in the bathroom, could be opened a couple of inches. The view was of buildings and rooftops.I really can't comment on other room types, as I did not see them. The Mountbatten is near Leichester Square, Trafalgar Square and Soho, as well as Covent Garden. There is more to do within a ten to fifteen minute walk in any direction than can be done on the typical vacation. In Covent Garden alone, there are theatres, museums, restaurants, Covent Garden Market area with abundant shopping and street performers, the Opera House, the Transport Museum, etc., etc. For example, on our last night in London, we went to see The Producers and dined afterwards at Maggiore's, both easily walkable from the hotel. And of course, the Covent Garden tube station makes getting anywhere in Central London a snap.The location is unbeatable, the service superb, the facilities and decor top notch. What's not to love?	
Jan 25 2005 	The price exceeds the quality	In order to find a new place to stay in London (as the wonderful West Street hotel is closing down), I checked the standard douple room at this hotel. The room was plain and very, very small (but the bathroom was nice), and not in accordance with the lobby, and even less with the very high prices of this hotel. I would not put my money in this hotel.	
Jan 23 2005	Spectacularly Average!	Found this Hotel on line. Looked really really good and had some really impressive reviews. So I booked it for my weekend in London. The staff were efficient on check-in ... certainly not overtly friendly. But the room was a real disappointment ... a far cry from the pictures on the website. It was really a single room with a double bed and really very cramped. Luckily the weather was dry and we were not staying in very much over the weekend. Finally on check out, the same impersonal efficiency was in evidence with no one asking how we had found the hotel. For all the money we spent, it was spectacularly average!	
Jan 15 2005	unbeatable location excellent staff		
Nov 30 2004 	Busy location secure stylish hotel - shame about the bug		
Oct 4 2004	Great staff 		
Aug 31 2004	A Very Pleasant Surprise		
Jun 17 2004	Good location nice room a little pricey		
May 2 2004	Great Location Good Little Hotel		
Apr 29 2004	Thoroughly 'nice' and 'ok'		
Mar 15 2004	Great Hotel with a great location		
Jan 21 2004	Needs some improvement		
May 3 2003	A very good experience all around		
Nov 16 2009 	Lage perfekt sonst aber gar nix...		
Aug 21 2009 	Très bon hôtel Radisson au coeur de Londres (Covent Garden / Soho)		
Jul 30 2009 	Parfait!		
Jul 17 2009 	Satisfaite		
Jun 13 2009 	??????????????????????		
Dec 11 2008 	Ubicación inmejorable relación calidad precio mejorable.		
Aug 25 2008 	Perfekte Lage		
Nov 17 2007 	Super city Hotel		
