	RCA London	Its a nice place to stay in Central London at this price..Just 2-3 min walk to Lanchaster Gate Tube Station..	
	Dirty.	The Paddington Hotel &amp; Royal Court Apts are all in the same building. Here is my review which is also posted on the Paddington Hotel Tripadvisor page: I do not recommend anyone in their right mind stay at this hotel - period. Even though it is conveniently located by the tube and the park - 5-8 minute walk, the hotel is going through some major renovation in the hotels. They are not renovating the rooms. My friends and I stayed here for two nights, we wanted to cancel our reservation entirely but they wouldn't allow it. They would charge us for 1 night stay if you cancel the reservation. If you stay for that 1 night, they'll charge you two night - twisted sales positioning. We were so frustrated, we stayed the required 2 nights and canceled the third night and made a completely new reservation somewhere else. The hotel room was disgusting, we had a kitchen in our room. The room was dirty and looked like roaches probably infested this place. The hotel staff was not too welcoming either. They were willing to move us to a bigger room if we paid some ridiculous rate, so we asked to see it first. We were all very horrified at their upgraded room. It was no better than the room we had. Save yourself the money, time and worrying about whether or not this hotel room will turn out okay and book somewhere else. I wouldn't stay here again - so i wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless they clean up their act - staff &amp; room quality.	
Nov 22 2009 	Value and location	Stayed here for a week. This was my second stay at this hotel. The hotel has been under renovation and they are working to update all rooms and public areas. We had a 1 bedroom renovated room on the first floor street side. The unit was clean and well furnished. The furnishings are IKEA, but it was nicely decorated in brown and black. The beds were firm and comfortable. The pillows were a bit flat, but each bed had 2 pillows. The bathroom was fully tiled with two large mirrors, and a large tub with handheld shower. The walls are thin - typical in Europe, and the road has traffic at rush hours, but they have added new windows and heavy drapes to cut noise, cold and light.The lounge included a fully equipped small kitchen with 2 burner stove, microwave and fridge. There was a table with 2 chairs, sofa and large TV with DIrect TV. Staff was very helpful and courteous. The hotel is 3 blocks to Paddington, 1 block to Hyde Park and 1 block to the Lancaster Gate underground station. It is a safe neighborhood. Two markets are in the Paddington Station, and there are many small restaurants in the area. Suggestion - bring a shopping bag or two with you for convenient shopping. It is not deluxe, but for London the location and price are right. I will return to this hotel.	
Nov 8 2009 	good location and cheap	this place is a bit old, but it is good for the price, when you pay a cheap price you dont expect much, which made it seem good. Everything in the room worked, it was serviced every day, it felt welcoming and it was clean. Its close to stations and reasonably easy to find.	
Nov 6 2009 	Fantastic Geat location reasonable price stay here	The apartments were fabulous, they are not the Hilton, but for a middle of the road holidayer i would highly recommend.We booked and paid online prior to arrival, upon arrival the staff were very helpful, the room was only a studio apartment, but was ideal for the two of us, we have reasonably high expectations and Royal Court exceeded them all.It was clean, everything worked and was very nicely decorated.Great location, only 3 mins walk from Tube or 2 mins from bus stopNice public lounge areaHelpful friendly staffWireless access in the lounge areaKitchenette in roomDownsides...It was front of hotel, so we could hear some road noise,(pretty quiet road though, so nights were not a problem)Even in mid October, the rooms were quite warm.The room and apartments were fabulous, our next trip to London will be based here.VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Oct 30 2009 	not worth it	This hotel is in a good location, and our room had a kitchen, which was nice. However, the front desk staff are rude and unfriendly. The walls are incredibly thin (which is common in old buildings in europe) but it meant that we were woken up each night by people above, below, and next to us. The pillows were lumpy and beds hard and uncomfortable. I would not stay here again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Excellent value and location	My partner and I stayed in London in March 09 for a week. I spent ages on Trip advisor trying to find the best deal.I booked through this Hotel's website and got an apartment for a weekFor first time travellers, we didnt know what to expect. our plane arrived at 5am and we caught the train into the city, it was a 5 min walk from paddington station and the staff at the Front desk were so lovely and gave us our room even though check in time wasnt for another 8 hours! The location was the best bit as it was only a short walk to the main train station. Took us about 30 mins to walk to buckinham palace from there.The staff were more than happy to help us with any questions we had and always had a smile on their faces - really put us at ease when we got there!. The rooms were basic but had a kitchenette which saved us alot of money at meal times. Its definatlely a place for the budget minded but we would definately be going back there again and i would recommend this to anyone. Tip - when you book, ask for a room at the back of the hotel and ask for a renovated room	
Oct 18 2009 	Don't stay here but if you do ask to see your room before you pay	Disgusting. The first room they tried to put me in was filthy, size of a closet, with ratty grease stained curtains, carpet and linens. Second room wasn't any better. Desk clerk didn't care or didn't understand when I repeatedly said I want a clean room. Stupid me paid in full before I looked at my room. They have some renovated rooms, which I ended up staying in for an extra 100 pound (they cut me a deal, would have been a lot more). Even the renovated room was a joke. Cheaply furnished, leaky windows so I could enjoy the people smoking right outside, and a herd of cows living above me that never slept. I was ready to move to another place but just didn't want to waste half a day of my 5 day trip. Some people I met were staying at the Copthorne Tara, they loved it, and paid half as much. Only good thing about this place is the location, right next to Hyde Park, Paddington train station and the Embankment tube.	
Oct 18 2009 	basic accomodation but excellent location	the location of royal court appartments is excellent for a sight seeing trip to london, the nearest tube station is about 5-10 minutes walk away and is on the central line, so trains are every couple of minutes. there are a number of bars and restaurants about a 15 minute walk away, or 1 stop on the tube if you have a day pass.The apartments were pretty basic, but clean enough and the staff were really friendly and helpful. If you are looking for a cheap place to stay in london this place is perfect!	
Oct 13 2009 	Very good But......	It was a great stay however the room was not serviced well some days the towels and equipments were not changed and we asked for it from the reception.Also they told us there is safe inside rooms but we didn't found it and it was a problem using safe at the reception and asking the receptionist to open it daily.Otherwise it was great.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great for a family with teenagers	Our two-bedroom apartment was great for our family (mom, dad, and 3 girls: 17, 14, and 12). The kitchen had everything we needed to make breakfast and after-theatre snacks. The rooms, while small, were large enough, and gave everyone an opportunity for some privacy when needed. The carpet was a bit worn, and the appliances out of date, but that didn't matter. We had daily housekeeping service, plenty of towels, a friendly front-desk staff, and free internet access. It was very well located, in a safe neighborhood near restaurants, stores, and Paddington Station.	
Oct 8 2009 	smelly..dont visit till refurbishments are finished..	on arrival you will be asked to pay for your visit upfront...go to your room and you will see why!!!.. the really nice foyer and lounge area will lull you into believing you have made a good choice...dont be fooled... from the first floor up the place is terrible..smelly and workmen everywhere.. carpets covered in paint...shouldnt be open till it is refitted...would be worried if going before easter 2010..you have been warned..!!!!	
Sep 30 2009 	I will return	I stayed in this hotel in 2005 &amp; in this recent trip, i purposely sought accommodation at RCA for its close proximity to Kensington Gardens, Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations; it's easy &amp; regular access on busses and restaurants. The hotel room was quiet, clean &amp; tidy. In fact I was surprised that the hotel had expanded and updated the rooms making it much nicer than expected. So I was very glad with my choice. Its absolute value for money. In fact I believe you get more than what you pay for! My partner &amp; I had a trouble-free &amp; pleasant stay. I would definitely return to this hotel on my next visit to London.	
Sep 23 2009 	Little Gem	The location of this hotel was brilliant as it was so close to the tube station -Lancaster Gate (3 mins), and Paddington Station was only 10 mins away. The staff was very polite and helpful. We paid £35 for our room which we asked for a double bed but was given a twin bed. We were not happy as we did specify a double. After a few words with the receptionist who was very polite she gave us a single apartment with a double bed.Although the room was a little old fashioned; everything was very clean and tidy. The only complain is that it is rather noisy! You can hear the floorboards creaking in the morning! and the noise from the streets but apart from this,all is fine. I will come here again and do recommend this hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Still the best deal in London overall	This was my second stay at the Royal Court Apartments, and I plan on staying there again on all future trips (unless the hotel goes downhill, that is!).I requested a refurbished room, and was given one -- on the ground floor. This is the only thing I wasn't thrilled with. The room I was given was actually built slightly (just slightly) underground, and most of the ground floor was still under construction. There was no noise connected to it, but it was a bit of a no man's land. The room next to me had people in it, and across from me seemed to be a linens storage room or some sort. But I don't think the rest of the floor was ready for occupation yet. The good point regarding this? It was quiet! Well, save for a few times that my neighbors talked very loudly while leaving for the day or slammed their door.The other issue was that, since I faced the wall of another building and wasn't higher up, there was no natural light coming in at all save for the daytime when the curtains were left open. And the room lights were terrible. I mentioned in my first Royal Court review that I found the lighting from my last room to be bad. Well, this stay was far far worse. It was so dark I couldn't even see what I was doing in the kitchenette area at night. Everything else just looked dim and felt dark. It was already a bit weird being on the floor I was, so the lighting didn't help things. It made it feel as if I was in a basement apartment.The bathroom was split into two (shower and sink room, and then a toilet and sink room, both across from each other). This was a little weird at first, but it made things easier as far as where I kept my shower toiletries vs where I kept my getting dressed ones. So not a problem despite a seemingly odd setup.The lighting in both bathrooms was great, as was in between in that little &quot;hall&quot; area. But the rest of the room was sooooo bad. That’s the only part I really really hated. Everything else amenities wise was fine (as it was my first time there). The room was VERY roomy, clean, well upkept. The kitchenette has near everything you could want or need (still no salt &amp; pepper though!), and it's perfect. I just couldn't see what I was doing!The only other warning I'd give for those with the ground/basement floor rooms is that the TV reception is funny. The hotel seems to have subscribed to Sky since my last stay (Yay! More channels than just a handful!). But due to the location of the room, it would sometimes take a while to load up, and some channels just wouldn't. I couldn't get ITV or ITV2 at all save for my first night. Seeing how the things I purposely wanted to see were on these two channels, it was a bit annoying. There was also no channel guide in the room, so I had to flip around a lot. That would be handy to have in the room.As I said in my first review months back, the location of this hotel can't be beat. You've got 4 tube lines at Paddington Station, plus train services to the south west leaving from there, plus many food options in and near the station. You also have the Central Line at Lancaster Gate in the opposite direction, though try not to use that one for topping up your Oyster or other personal services since it's often packed with tourists from Hyde Park.I'll definitely be back at the Royal Court Apartments, I just hope to not be on that ground floor again unless they've installed some better lighting!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great place for economy traveler	In short: great location, great price (EUR 94 per night in an unrenovated, but spacious 1 bedroom + kitchenette + couch&amp;tv -area) and friendly staff.Me and my friend stayed at room 103 (unrenovated in Aug 2009), first floor, with a view to the backyard (quite ugly, but there's always the tv). The hotel is currently under renovations, as are some of the other buildings on the street, so a view to the street would had been noisy.The room itself was outdated and a little dirty (candle wax on the sofa table, stains on the carpet), but it also was very spacious (two separate rooms, big windows) and had separate wc and shower rooms. The kitchenette was surprisingly clean (we were prepared to clean it ourselves) as were the wc and the shower rooms.TRANSPORT TIPSIf you arrive to Heathrow, take the Heathrow Connect -train to Paddington, as it only costs 7,40 GBP one way and takes less than 30 minutes. From Paddington there is a less than 10 minutes walk to the hotel. (The tube costs app. 5,50 GBP, but takes more than an hour, and you have to change lines.)If you are staying for at least a week, buy the Travelcard (Transport for London, app. 26 pounds for tube zones 1-2 per week), as it grants you access to all the central tube and bus lines 24 hrs a day. For nightlife lovers there are several 24hr and night bus lines from the city center to the closest stations (Lancaster Gate and Paddington), so you don't have to take a cab (app. 20-25 pounds from Trafalgar or Piccadilly). We found the night buses to be safe and trustworthy. Visit http://www.tfl.gov.uk/ as they truly have loads of useful information onsite.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great price and nice location near mass transit	My wife and I spent our spring break in London for 6 days at this hotel. I picked it in large part based on the reviews here and was not disappointed. The room was nothing special but I didn't expect it to be. After all, we weren't there to sit inside and watch movies. But it was nice to have a sink, microwave, and small refrigerator, though we barely made use of them. If we ever return we'll probably use them more.Easily walked to from the Paddington Station. We took the Heathrowe Express train into Paddington and walked in probably 10 minutes, tops, to the hotel. From the hotel, it's about 3 blocks or 5 minutes, roughly, to walk to the north end of Hyde Park and the Lancaster tube station for easy subway access to the whole city. Overall, because of the excellent subway system (or buses), it was no issue that this hotel is on sort of the far west side of London's attractions. If you want to walk a lot you can, but it was easy to get most anywhere pretty quickly from the hotel. The front desk staff was nice enough for what was required (basically just handing us our room key every time we returned from going out), and we experienced no problems in the room itself. The hotel does also have 2 internet computers which made keeping up on current events back home pretty easy. I think the cost was something like 2 pounds for 30 minutes, maybe even just 1 pound. So they aren't free, but not too expensive, either. Overall, I'd stay here again.	
Aug 21 2009 	Compact comfortable great location	We satyed 3 nights in one of their newly decorated rooms on the ground floor. Clever compact kitchen, dining table and chairs and well decorated bedroom and bathroom. Great shower! The corridor is still a work in progress but all other public areas very nice. 5 minute walk from Lancaster gate tube station and Hyde Park, location couldn't be better. Una, Dublin	
Jul 17 2009 	Great Location	The RCA is right around the corner from Paddington Station and down the block from Lancaster Gate Tube stop. Super easy to get around town, even with the Tube strike while we were there, many buses run out of Paddington. We did not have one of the refurbished rooms but were very happy with the big room we did get, living room and separate bedroom. Yes the TV didn't get many channels, the couch was not that comfortable and shower leaked, but we didn't spend that much time in our room for that to really matter. Staff was kind, helpful, replaced the towels and made the beds every day. There are computers in the lounge you may use for a small fee, free wifi in the lounge as well, but we were able to get the wifi connection in our room on the 2nd floor without a problem. There is an M&amp;S in Paddington Station so make sure to stop and pick up your supplies. (There was a wine key in the room, fyi) It is what it is... a good budget hotel. We wish the bar was opened. :)	
Jun 27 2009 	Good place to stay on a tight budget	I and my teenaged son stayed here for two weeks in June '09. The location is very nice, situated between Paddington and Kensington (across the street from Hyde Park) stations. If you're coming from Heathrow Airport, the Heathrow Express stops at Paddington. From there it's maybe a ten minute walk to Royal Court Apartments. There are resturants and grocery stores which stay open past 10pm around Paddington station.The staff were very friendly and helpful during our stay. We arrived before our room was ready and they had no problem holding our suitcases for us. Our visit was split to two stays because we were in Scotland over the weekend. Both rooms we were in clean but looked a bit old. They were renovating while we were there so I assume that we were in rooms not yet redone. However they were both quite comfortable. There is no air conditioning and having the windows open is a must during the summer. The kitchen/living room included pots, pans, bowls, plates, cups, glasses, eating utinsils and the like. A small refridgerator, stovetop, oven, and microwave are also provided. We had requested seperate single beds for the bedroom. They were comfortable and clean. The bathroom either comes with a bath/shower or just a shower. The staff will replace the towels daily.Wireless internet is available in the lobby for free. However most of the time I could access it from my room on the second floor.The only drawback is that the first week we stayed on the front side of the building and the street noise would have kept us awake if we hadn't brought earplugs. The second week we were on the back side and had no problems.I will stay here again the next time I'm in London.	
Jun 25 2009 	Pleasant Accommodations at a Good Price	We were very pleased with our experience and would stay here again. The hotel was convenient to Paddington Station and the staff was very friendly. Our room was spacious and the kitchen was well-equipped with dishes, tea pot, toaster, glasses, sliverware, etc. The bed was small, but comfortable. The decor was a bit dated and run-down, but the room was clean. Our room faced the street and it was noisy and not very dark at night. The internet access in the lobby was 50p for 15 minutes and was very nice to have available. Overall, it was a very positive experience at a good price (87 pounds per night).	
Jun 21 2009 	Cheap 	Room was very clean, maybe a bit dated, but for the price was definatly worth it. Our room (505) was on the top floor, which didnt have a lift to it.We enjoyed our stay, because of its cheapness, cleanliness and brilliant location for tube/hyde park, we will definatly stay again!	
Jun 21 2009 	GREAT VALUE IN AN EXPENSIVE CITY	Had an enjoyable week stay here from 13th to 20th April 2009. Had read a lot of the reviews on Tripadvisor and was looking forward to my stay here and wasn’t disappointed.I had booked a double studio for GBP 53 per night directly with the hotel and seemed really good value for such an expensive city as London. I arrived around 9 am and as expected wasn’t able to check in until 2 pm, but they did store my luggage for me which is a thing some London hotels won’t do or charge you for it. Came back after 2 pm and was able to check in however like another review on here I wasn’t able to get my booked double studio and ended up being upgraded to a twin one bedroom flat which at first I wasn’t thrilled with as I wanted a larger bed, but turned out to be good in the end as the second bed came in handy as storage space.Like a lot of hotels in London this hotel I suspect started out as a 4 or 5 grand homes built about 150 years ago and as a result the rooms and hallways are a bit of a mishmash and not that logically laid out. My room number 103 was a perfect example of this. There was a small entry hall with a very cramped toilet and wash basin in a very tiny room off to one side with a reasonably sized combined living and dining area plus a very small kitchenette, so small that the microwave has to be mounted on the wall very close to the sofa and if you are not careful when you sit on the sofa you bang your head on the microwave, but only once. The bedroom is very long and narrow with 2 single beds end to end with a wardrobe in between them. Off the bedroom was a very, very tiny shower room with one of the tiniest shower I have ever experienced. This room was one of the unrenovated rooms and the furniture and fittings had seen better days but was adequate. My room faced the rear courtyard and overlooked the roof’s of the mews houses behind the hotel and noise wasn’t an issue for me. The hotel has a nice lounge area off the lobby with free wifi access. There are two very small lifts in the hotel which were a bit slow and I found the stairs more convenient when leaving and there was plenty of evidence of the renovations going on at the hotel when using the back stairs.While the above may sound a bit negative overall I was really impressed given the price, location and the helpful staff and will be the first place I look at when I next visit London.The location is about a 2-5 minute walk to Lancaster Gate underground station and about a 7-10 minute walk to Paddington station. The surrounding area is rather elegant and has a good selection of restaurants towards the Paddington station area. I picked up a rental car on the Friday afternoon and had no problem parking within 50 metres of the hotel on Friday, Saturday and Sunday after about 7pm.If you are looking for inexpensive, well located accommodation in a very expensive city I can’t see going past the Royal Court Apartments.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good value for London older room but clean and comfortable	Stayed for three nights, room was one still to be renovated but was clean and well equipped with a kitchenette containing everything you would need. A real bonus was a pedestal fan providing some air movement. The staff were very courteous and helpful and the location quiet but handy to parks, shopping, Tube and Paddington Station	
Jun 6 2009 	Average lodging near Paddington station	We stayed at Royal Court Apartment from May 24-28. This apartment is an average type of lodging. It's an old building, and it looks like it needs a paint job. The carpet needs to be replaced. However, the one bright spot is the bathroom has been remodeled recently. The apartment has a full kitchen (refrigerator, microwave, plates, mugs, utensils). It's useful if you plan to buy your food at the supermarket instead of eating out. There is no hair dryer in the apartmentDon't use the phone in the room; they'll charge you 0.25 pounds per minute even if you are using a pre-paid calling card. There is an internet service for 1 pound per 30 minutes.The apartment is 2.5 block from Paddington station. From Heathrow, you can take the Heathrow Express to Paddington station.	
Jun 5 2009 	Very good	I stayed there with my wife, my sister and my children. The position is fantastic, just 3 minutes walking from the tube and fantastic Hyde park. Ther are also a lot of restaurants. The staff was very friendly, a special thanks to Cristiano a very helpfull man! Grazie Cristiano! I suggest the direction to improve the cleanliness of the apartments...not so good	
May 20 2009 	Disappointing	Having stayed here several times in the past 6 months, we were very disappointed in the room and service this time. Room 111 - 1st floor rear. 2 single beds back to back and an `ensuite' that you could hardly move around in. The room was clean but the decor and fittings have seen much better days. Windows were filthy, curtains hanging off rails, electrical sockets badly fixed, light bulbs that didn't work. Shower look very uninviting. TV reception was awful, and despite asking for help, none was forthcoming. The bar doesn't seem to have been used in months and there were mattresses being stored there. I'm only glad we stayed one night. I think it's disappointing that RCA clearly does not value brand loyalty. I think that RAC needs to spend some money on refurbishments before it loses it's trade.	
May 14 2009 	Great stay and great location	We had 2 suites; One for our three teenage daughters and one for my wife and I . It was great having two bathrooms and two sitting areas. Only complaint is that the kitchen had very few dishes, cups, and utensils. The coffee pot looked ancient so we ate breakfast out everyday. But overall, this is a terrific choice. Quiet neighborhood to come home to after being in the over crowded tourist areas. Less than a 10 minute walk from Paddington and the Heathrow Express. Less than a five minute walk to Lancaster Gate and the Central Tube Line. We will definitely keep this hotel on the list for the next trip.	
May 13 2009 	Very good value for Money	Me and my girlfriend decided to stay here on our first holiday together, When we stayed the rate was roughly £54 per room per night for a double room. The room ws lovely beed was a good size. Very comfortable I had no problems gettin to sleep. the only issue would have been for some that there were some road works going on around the hotel but they didn't start until 8 in the morning. By which point we were already awake and gettin ready to start the Journey for whatever we had planned on each day.Bed was good size, The the little Kitchenette proved to be a godsend when it came to making breakfast and random midnight munchies. We had a kettle, tea, coffee, sugar, cups dinner plates, Two slice toaster and a microwave which also proved handy after we went to a restaurant and the portions were too huge to eat them all so we took some home and reheated them later that night to enjoy while watching a movie on the decent sized TV. Plenty of storage space for our clothes. a very comfortable little 2 seater sofa in the room as well as a little dining Table which made us decide to get a takeaway on a few nights and bring it back there to have at our little dining table. The hotel was only about a 10 minute walk from paddington train and tube station which is good if you are flying to Heathrow because you then get the heathrow express train straight to paddington station. It is also very close to lancaster gate station. There are many restaurants nearby within a couple of minutes walking distance. the usual suspects, McDonalds, Burger king, Kfc, but then there area couple of Steakhouses, A few bars that served up Sunday roast, several indian and Italian reastaurants nearby. and if you would prefer to cook yourself a meal in the dinnette then there are a few little food markets nearby also. The area the hotel was situated in seemed very nice, Didn't feel at all threatning and on a few occasions when I remembered somthing i need to get for the next day I was more than comfortable walking around the local area on my own.The hotel is in Tube zone 1 which was good beause all the attractions that I wanted to see were all located in zone 1 or 2 which meant a tube card valid for 3 days of travel between zones 1 and 2. From paddington we went to London zoo, Camden market, Natural History museum, British Museum, National gallery, London Dungeons, Tower of London, Hyde Park and regents Park and the Peacock Theatre near the west end.Perfect location, Excellent value room for the price paid. Useful Kitchenette, Friendly staff. and use of the storage room since we arrived at 9 in the morning and check in wasn't until 2 that day so we left our luggage in the storage room told them we would come back at 5 that even to check in properly and they were completely fine with that. Also our flight leaving london wasn't until 7 pm so they let keep the bags in storage there after the check out time of 11am so we were free to do as we pleased on that final day without have to take our luggage with us. I Have no complaints at all about the place would Definately stay here again.	
May 5 2009 	Decent apartment good location great value for money.	We stayed here in april for almost a week during a London short break. Our room was a renovated one, wich we got at the unrenovated price. This meant a great value for money. We payed about 320 GBP for 6 nights for a studio apartment. Those who are familiar with London hotel prices will see the bargain here.The hotel itself is old. The signs of the time are evident. &quot;Renovation&quot; is mostly optical and can not conceal the outstanding maintenance. Our recently renovated room already had cracked floor tiles and the outside windows couldn't be closed properly. Various rooms are renovated at the moment, resulting in dust and noise, though work starts at a reasonable time in the morning. The room is adequate. Beds are horrible, but then again, they always are. Flatscreen tv with about 40 mainly english channels is free of charge. The kitchen is fully equiped for making Tea or coffee, breakfast and even lunch and dinner. Bathroom is ok. Towels are changed daily and there is a supply of various things that pleasantly surprised us in this price range: Toiletpaper, coffee, tea, sugar, milk, soap, shampoo, washing-up-liquid, sponge, kitchen paper are all complementary. The whole apartment is reasonably clean and cleaned daily. Staff is international and friendly. Reception is open 24 hours a day. There is a lobby with television and internet, and a bar wich was closed during our stay. The hotel is a five minute walk from Paddington train- and tube stations.At the price we payed, it was fantastic and I would recommend it to anyone. There was a leaflet with the normal (rack)rates on the reception desk. To be honest, I wouldn't have been so enthusiastic when I had paid the price stated there... So look out for a nice offer!	
May 4 2009	Excellent Hotel at a Good Price	When I booked a room at the Royal Court Apartments for my mother and me, I was a little concerned because of the widely divergent reviews here. But the price was right, and if the room is clean and the place is safe, I'm generally able to cope with tight quarters and outdated furnishings. Still, I was crossing my fingers that I'd get a refurbished room because that did seem to be the main factor that influenced people's reviews here.We were lucky enough to get a very nicely refurbished room on the second floor. Everything was modern and very clean. The cabinets were well-stocked with anything we might need to prepare meals in the room, and the room itself was spacious by London standards. My only--very minor--compliant is that the bathroom cold use more shelves and hooks for toiletries and towels. And it would be nice to have the hair dryer in the bathroom so you could see a mirror when using it instead of having it tucked in a drawer in the sitting area. The staff was consistently courteous and helpful, even making a special effort to get the room cleaned quickly when we arrived before 9 am, several hours before our 2 pm check-in time. The room was cleaned well each day, although they did neglect to replace our small milk containers for coffee and tea--no big deal because we had bought a large container ourselves to use with our breakfast, and I'm sure the front desk would have sent some up if we asked.The location is convenient, right between Paddington and Lancaster Gate Stations, with several bus lines stopping nearby. There are lots of restaurants and shops for snacks nearby. During our stay, there was some repair being done to the water mains near the hotel, which did create some extra noise during the day, but the street was generally quiet and felt safe. We also didn't notice any more squeaky floors or other room noise than you might expect in an older building.Overall, we had a great experience at the Royal Court Apartments, and I'll certainly consider them again for a future trip.	
May 4 2009 	A great value for staying in London	Stayed here in Jan '09 with my best friend. We did a long weekend in London. When we first arrived it was pretty early, but they stowed our luggage while we went out for a few hours until our room was available. They actually showed us two different rooms and we had our choice. One was a newly renovated studio (which looked great), and the other was one of the older rooms but it was a suite. We went with the suite so we'd have a little more space to hang out in. The room had a bathroom, a separate bedroom with two beds, and a separate living room with a small kitchenette, small table and chairs, sofa, and tv. Obviously, since we chose a room that was not renovated, it was worn but it was kept clean. We didn't have any noise issues while there. The hotel also has free wifi. Some people would probably be turned off by staying in a older hotel room, but it is a seriously great value for staying in London. It's right near the underground, right near Paddington train station, near a grocery store. In short, the location and the price are fantastic.	
Apr 16 2009 	Not the "Ritz" but value for money accommodation.	I was pleasantly surprised by these appartments. Welcome was very good, rooms was large (202) and reasonably equipped, location is excellent, and bed was clean and comfortable. Problem with shower was sorted out immediately. Decor a little shabby, but for what you pay, it's what you expect. We'll be returning if price is at a similar level.	
Apr 15 2009 	Creaky floorboards - Kept us up all night.	Reasonable hotel in a good location. We were very much crossing our fingers for one of the new rooms, unfortunately we were disappointed. Apparently the room we booked was unavailable so they put us in an old room on the fourth floor. The room itself was fine. The only problem was that every time the person upstairs moved, the floorboards creaked very very noisily. It kept us awake almost all night and were it not for ear plugs, we would most definitely have been zombies the next day. Not the best way to spend a day sightseeing.	
Apr 8 2009 	Rating depends on the room	Stayed here with teenage daughter for total of 6 nights in March. We arrived around 2 p.m. The first thing they wanted was my receipt from Priceline. Thought we were in for a nasty surprise as I have heard that Priceliners get the worst rooms. You decide what you think based on what happened next. First room they gave us was on the fourth floor. After lugging our bags up there, we found it was small, very dusty and musty. Since I have asthma, we asked for another room, but they said if we didn't like that, there was no other room available. The second room was on the second floor. It was larger, had a separate living area and a tele, but was even mustier than the first, but we didn't realize just how moldy it was when we took it and closed the windows and opened the bathroom door. pphhhheeeuuu! It was so bad I coughed all night, but didn't dare open the window with us asleep. There was scaffolding just outside the window from ground level to our window!Next morning, I dropped off my comment card telling them of my difficulty with the mold. The gentleman at the desk was too busy to look at it then. We were a block down the street with he came running after us to say he could find us a re-done room without any carpet. Great! So we moved our things for a third time, but this room was clean and no nasty smell coming from the pipes. We stayed here for 4 more nights, then we had to go to Wales overnight, so I booked for the following night since it is close to Paddington for rail access to Harwich. I had to pay ca. 65 pounds for that night &quot;because it is a new room.&quot; Understand that the hotel is redoing the rooms on a piecemeal basis, so you have to deal with the dust in the hallways. The structure is sagging and that is apparently not being dealt with as the new rooms with the flooring will buckle if they try to lift the floor after the remodel. Also, even in the new rooms, the drains don't drain. So, you decide if the room is up to your standard of cleanliness. If you have allergies and/or asthma, insist on a new room, but be prepared to pay more. It is not the staff's fault that this hotel is as it is and I feel for them having to deal with the smelly, musty workplace everyday. They were, with 1 or 2 minor exceptions, very helpful and friendly, especially Christiano, who helped us get a room I could actually sleep in. Thank you.Internet is 1 pound for half hour, but is very slow.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Location and a Good Budget Hotel	My wife and I stayed there twice in March as part of our holiday and stayed in room 204 both times. The Hotel is in an excellent location , down the road is Lancaster Gate Underground and Hyde Park , 5&quot; walk to Paddington Station and supermarkets there is also a nice pub down the road (The Swan). The room was good , we had a kitchenette, lounge and separate bedroom and plenty of cupboard space. While some of the furnishings were a bit tired especially the lounge that really was too difficult to sit on for long periods and the curtains that didn't fit the window exactly (we used a clothes peg to hold them together) , It is a budget Hotel and you know there will always be some issues. If we were to stay in London again I would be quite happy to stay there again, having the kitchentte was handy for us and the location was excellent. We found the staff were more than pleasant and helpful to us.	
Mar 26 2009 	Super duper budget hotel	I stayed with three other aldies for a weekend in London. We were in room 503 on the top floor.On arrival we were greeted courteously and pointed towards the lounge to sit down while they checked us in. The receptionist gave us a choice of two rooms (neither refurbished), which I thought was nice. We went up to look at the rooms and then decide which one we would like. The receptionist arranged for our luggage to broought up to the room.We paid £34 a night each, so we weren't expecting much. But we were pleasantly surpised with the apartments (not refurbished). The open plan living/kichenette area was massive with a large dining table for 8 people to sit around. Plasma TV and light and airy with nice views over the town houses. The kitchenette was well equipped. Although the decor is very tired, we were not too fussed about this. Everywhere was extremely clean and the bed linen/towels looked as new. The bed and pillows were very comfy.Receptionists were always pleasant and friendy. We arranged a limo to pick us up for a surpise (it was a hen weekend) and they executed the arrangements for the the surprise very well. You couldn't be in a better location. Right between Lancaster Gate and Paddington stations. Also just a short walk to Hyde Park.All in all a very pleasant stay. The only reason I am not giving a 5 is because of the very tired decor.	
Mar 24 2009	Royal Court Apartments London	My friend and I stayed in the Royal Court Apartments March 5-10th. It was a girls vacation and the hotel was wonderful! Right between Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate. Right around the corner from Hyde Park! And there was a great little restaurant around the corner (Rose Garden) that had very good food for very inexepensive price. They had English food for me to try and typical American food for my non-adventurous, eatting friend, so it worked perfect. We didn't get a refurbished room, but they upgraded us for free to a one bedroom. The room was a bit run down (but I didn't go to London to see the hotel rooms), lots of room for luggage and spreading out, the linens were VERY clean. Plenty of clean towels, toilet paper, soap. We had a blow dryer in our room. The kitchennette was very nice to have. I loved turning in my key before leaving each morning-one less thing to worry about loosing. I will recommend this room to all my girlfriends wanting to travel to London and I will stay here again when I return. The staff were pleasant and easy to work with. They will store your luggage if you arrive early morning and can't check in yet. The area is very safe. The hotel clean. Close to the tubes. Close to Hyde Park. Restaurant literally a 2 minute walk away from the front door and grocery stores around. What more could you want?	
Mar 3 2009 	A fantastic budget hotel in great location	This is my 1st choice hotel in the Paddington area. I have used them a number of times when working in London, and is my choice of budget hotel in the area.Positives:Location – 5 minutes walk from Paddington station.Rooms – I have stayed in both the newly refurbished rooms, and the rooms which are currently awaiting refurbishment (I believe an on-going project), and whilst the rooms that are awaiting refurbishment are slightly tired and dated, they are clean. The newly refurbished rooms are excellent and modern.Staff – Always helpful and friendly.Negatives:Rooms – Rooms awaiting refurbishment are dated.Keys – I’m not a fan of having to hand your room key in every time you leave the hotel.This would be my first choice if I were looking for a budget hotel in London.	
Feb 24 2009 	Very highly recommended budget hotel	2 mature couples stayed in an appartment on the fourth floor on Feb. 18 - 21 (three nights).I highly recommend this place for:- good position (close to 2 underground lines and bus stop)- safe, quiet and clean surroundings- low price when compared to similar accomodation facilities- clean and well serviced appartment- kind and helpful staff.OlgaBratislava, Slovakia-	
Jan 28 2009	Budget location	Stayed here 4 nights. The location was great, room a little run down but OK for the price we paid. Should probably stay here again!	
Jan 22 2009 	Perfect location	We spent 4 days in this hotel. When we entered the room we had a good laugh. A romantic weekend in a long, narrow room with two single beds:) A large sittingroom/kitchen with a tired sofa and two wooden chairs and a tiny little bathroom. Even if the room was in need of a lot of diy it was clean and tidy.The location was perfect, close to Lancaster gate underground and The Serpentine in Hyde Park. It was a 15 min. walk to Marble Arch (Oxford street). After all we had a great time in this hotel and in London, and if the price is right we will stay here another time.	
Jan 8 2009 	Worst place we stayed in Europe	If I had a do-over, I'd pay at least twice what I paid to stay here in order to get a marginally superior room.The &quot;apartment&quot; (really just a hotel room with kitchenette/sitting area) we stayed in was tiny and extremely shabby, bordering on musty. Nubby carpet, uncomfortable twin beds, closet of a bathroom. Add to that the fact that they placed us in the apartment next to the elevator well, THEN ACTED LIKE THEY HAD NO CLUE when we inquired about the constant clanging noises all night and all day...and, well, we were two very grumpy travelers. Oh, and the neighborhood's just ok, not interesting. I don't seek touristy neighborhoods and would be fine with boring if the &quot;apartments&quot; had otherwise been suitable.This really colored our experience of London, unfortunately. Pay extra for something more comfy and interesting, it's worth it.	
Dec 23 2008 	Avoid This Place At All Cost	For the amount this place is charging, it is NOT worth the stay. Expedia advertised it as a 3-star hotel. It turns out that it really is a run down 1-star apartment. I don't know who's putting up the false pictures of a flat screen television and leather couches but it is all wrong!!! UGHHH. I booked the place for 8 nights but checked out the moment i checked in. The floors and the walls are so thin and old that it constantly squeeks when people move around. How can anyone rest in that kind of condition?? The two vintage computers they have in the lobby cost 1 pound for 30 minutes! I put in 1 pound for half an hour to search for another hotel but the internet didn't even work! When I asked the front desk staff to refund my money since it didn't work, THEY REFUSED to. What kind of customer service is that?! Plus, how can anyone be okay with staying at a hotel where they ask you report to them whenever you step in or leave (you have to leave your key with the front desk when you leave and pick it back up upon return). For this kind of an environment, I would rather have stayed at a hostel and paid a lot less for the same. I would not wish this place on my worst enemy! I ended up checking into a Hilton not too far from here and paid nearly the same amount for a pool gym, and amazing customer service.	
Dec 9 2008 	Great location at a great price	We stayed in one of the refurbished rooms. A great size room which was well heated (it was freezing outside), friendly staff, what more could you want.Right beside the tube, excellent value for money. I would highly recommend it.	
Nov 28 2008 	Cheap clean good location	The room, 115, was very clean. It had all we needed for our 3-night stay. The staff was very friendly, helpful and serviceminded. The location is excellent, only 2 min away from the tube, Lancaster gate. According to information on the web-site, Paddington station is supposed to ble the nearest station, but in our opinion, Lancaster gate is closer.	
Nov 28 2008 	Bleak house	Reception was excellent, really friendly and room ready before lunch. The room in itself was small but OK, a good bed, TV and facilities for cooking which were fairly good. The bathroom was really to a side in the entrance to the room. Straight across a very small toilet with hand basin (very cramped and cold). The view outside to a small walled area was dismal with all sorts of leftovers on the ground (such as cigarette buts etc) which was green from organic matter. See photo. This should scare a few americans but as I only stayed for one night it was really no problem. The corridors to the rooms are very run down and from time to time filled with garbage and sleeping sacks (?) and even people sitting on the floor (employees or transient workers?).	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Value	Stayed here the first weekend of November. Absolutely satisfied, great value as we got one of the renovated rooms. Very convenient to 2 metro stations and bus stop. Staff were very friendly.Got a room on the top floor facing the street. There was no traffic at all, and it was very peaceful. Like having your own little private apartment. The toilet could only flush about once every 40 min, but forgot to report this to the hotel, but this didn't bother us much. Especially convenient if you come via the Eurostar (only need to take one line to get there, from St Pancras to Paddington Station).	
Nov 9 2008 	Budget but good location	Stayed here for 3 nights in June/July in the middle of what would probably considered a London heatwave. Evenings were quite warm with no air conditioning.Apartment was quite large as it consisted of three rooms, in a lounge, bedroom and the bathroom. Neither of which were large but considering the price was a lot bigger than most London accomodation.Building was quite old, the lifts were slow and creaky and the floors in the hallways were very noisy as well. Perhaps the worst aspect was the bathroom/shower, which felt like it was 4 foot in the air, leaked badly all over the floor and there was mould everywhere.Despite all this for London it wasn't THAT bad, the location was excellent, easy to find from Paddington train station, and walking distance to Hyde Park. The staff were excellent and let us check in early (like 8am) which was excellent after a long flight from Singapore. The hotel was very quiet at night though and the bed comfortable, all a big positiveThe hotel seemed to be in the middle of a refurb, and with some improvements to the bathroom etc would be fine - would definately stay again in a refurbed room	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellent value for money	The hotel is located close from Paddington Station (about 8 minutes walking) and Lancaster Gate. Both Heatrow Connection and Heatrow Express stop at Paddington Station.Neighboorhood is calm with shops, restaurants and Tesco around.Staff was very kind and gave us a refurbished room with kitchen. Since we were at the ground floor, we could access internet inside from our appartment.The hotel is refurbishing some rooms so you can hear some noise during the day.	
Oct 28 2008 	Not Fancy But A Fantastic Homebase	I stayed at the Royal Court Apartments for three days and I had a great experience. The front desk staff are friendly and helpful, the room I stayed in was clean and comfortable and you just can't beat the location. It's an easy walk to not one, but two Tube stations, an easy distance from a grocery store and Hyde Park. Very convenient. Having a refrigerator and a hot plate in the room saved me SO much money in food costs- let's face it, London is crazy expensive, so being able to cut costs where I could and cook in my room was a huge plus for me. Free WiFi being available in the lobby was also a nice plus.These aren't the nicest rooms in the world, there are obvious signs of wear and tear around, so if you're looking for somewhere posh to stay I'd skip this place. To me it was just perfect, though. A clean, comfortable place to take a hot shower, eat a warm supper, check my email, plan the day ahead and then crawl into a comfy bed after a long day. I'm looking forward to my next trip to London and I'm planning to stay here again.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good Value	This place has a great location. Just a few blocks from Paddington Station with the National Rail, Circle, Distric and Bakerloo lines and fewer blocks to Lancaster Gate Station with the Central Line. I got a studio apartment for £60 a night and stayed from the 1st October to the 28th October. The front desk staff was helpful and didn't become too familiar which is easy to do when staying any length of time. The apartment had a seperate bathroom with toilet, shower and sink. The main room had tiny but comfortable bed, table, TV, sink, stove and came with all equipment; silverware, dishes, toaster, pots and pans etc. The street noise was a bit much, but didn't start until about 7.30 which makes for a great alarm clock. It was cleaned daily and new towels provided. If you use a wash cloth, bring your own. Soap, shampoo, tea, coffee and sugar provided.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great Location but Not Flash	This is a brilliant place to stay in London for one very specific reason; it's location. Plonked directly in the middle between Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate tube stations, it's brilliant for coming in from the airports and also for getting around central London. It's also only one block away from both Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens so fabulous for a walk around the parks and relaxing away from a bit of noise and traffic.The hotel itself is nothing flash, but then that's why it's not triple the price! The room we had included a small bedroom comprising of two single beds and an exceptionally small bathroom with a handbasin, toilet and tiny showerbox, a separate kitchen and lounge area with amenties suitable for making your own breakfast, tea/coffee and possibly a simple dinner by either the hotplate elements or the microwave supplied. We stayed here with our toddler son who slept on a rollaway single bed in the lounge and the overall size was very adequate for the one night stay.It's completely adequate for those travellers who would rather have somewhere clean and relatively tidy (if not a bit tired) to crash and spend their money on sightseeing etc. Nothing in London is cheap anyway and you will get better value for money outside of the city, but this - in comparison to others - is really good value. There is also a Sainsbury's in Paddington Station which is only two blocks away which cuts down costs for the overall stay. The staff are also very friendly on the front desk from a first impression perspective. The worst thing about the place would have to be the squeaky floorboards and the very narrow hallways outside the room, but this is certainly not a problem if you have realistic expectations on London accomodation. We would certainly come back here again and stay, if only for the lack of stress as far as getting to and from airports and railway stations! Be aware, there are no telephones in the room and obviously there are different standards for different rooms as some of the posted photos from other travellers show rooms which were alot flasher than what we had.	
Oct 16 2008 	A great welcome but bring earplugs !	I stayed at RCA for 7 nights 9/7 thru 9/14. We arrived about 9 a.m. on sunday morning and we had no problems walking from paddington station. When we got there the receptionist asked us where we came from (oregon) and when we told her, she said that she would let us check into the room so we could shower and sleep. I thought this was very nice as we were about 5 hours early and she didn't charge us extra. Our apartment was on the fourth floor facing gloucester terrace. There was a small refrigerator, cooktop and microwave. Also a few plates, bowls and glasses. There were two rooms in our apartment. One had two twin beds and a wardrobe, the other room had the kitchen and a small couch and T.V. Gloucester terrace is a busy street and very noisy. I didn't bring earplugs with me and the first night I had trouble sleeping, the cars were speeding by all night. I went out the next day and bought some. With the earplugs in I had no trouble at all. If I stay here again I will request a room at the back of the hotel. DO NOT get the breakfast they sell. It is too expensive. I walked down to craven road and found a grocery store. I definitely saved money by eating breakfast in my room. Also there are plenty of restaurants and stores within walking distance, just leave the hotel and make a left to craven road. I was very satisfied with the RCA !	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Apartment and Location	My husband &amp; I are a mature aged couple. After reading the reveiws of these apartments we were a little hesitant and asked to see the apartment before booking in. The apartment was a little old fashioned but extremely clean and comfortable. We had asked for a one bedroom apartment at the back of the building so we would not get noise from the street (thank you to Tripadvisors' reviewers).We had a large lounge with lounge chairs and coffee tables, with a small but very adequate kitchen complete with table and chairs. Large bedroom (hairdryer supplied) and lovely bathroom. No traffic noise at all. Coffee, tea &amp; sugar supplied daily, the room could be serviced daily if required.The location was terrific, the staff including the cleaning staff friendly and helpful. Stayed for 7 nights with no problems at all.After staying 2 nights in another much more expensive hotel and various hotels in Europe, we found that the Royal Court Apartment we stayed in was very good value for our money.Would recommend to our friends.Christine &amp; Brian, Sydney, Australia	
Oct 11 2008 	What a dump!	We only stayed one night at these apartments but wouldn't stay there again. The floors were dirty, wallpaper peeling off the wall, paint on cupboards very chipped and mould on the tiles in the bathroom. The hallways were disgusting with the wrought iron stair rails replaced in places with woven wire. Never again.	
Sep 24 2008 	In need of repair	Agree with everything that's been said about this hotel. It's cheap and we were able to eat cheaply from Tesco (past Paddington station, past St Mary's Hospital). We had a twin studio with kitchenette and yes, they were renovating other rooms and no doubt this one was on the &quot;to do&quot; list. Even though it was very clean, the tiny bathroom was a bit disturbing, with peeling paint , broken fittings and seemingly held together with silicone. Water pressure was poor and the water was luke warm to cold due to renovations in progress (there was a notice about this in the lift). The toilet had to be coaxed into flushing at times. Location is great and staff are friendly but if I booked again I would ask for a renovated room.	
Sep 23 2008	warning - watch out when booking this hotel	I tried to book with this hotel for November 3 for 2 nights. I tried to fill out an enquiry form online but it didn't work as my email address was too long. The online rate said £52 per night for 7 days in advance booking. I then called and got through to bookings. I asked her how much it would be and she said £70 per night. I then asked whether it was cheaper to book online and told her the rate. She then said it was the same price. While she was on the phone I checked and confirmed that it was £52 per night. I could hear she was on the computer in the background. She then asked me to click refresh and the cost had gone up to £65! (£70 non advance booking) She then tried to deny that she had changed it but it was pretty obvious to me. Although I still think this rate it reasonable I certainly wouldn’t book here after being treated like an idiot. One less booking for the Royal Court Apartments.	
Sep 22 2008 	Brilliantly affordable and a great location to boot!	My wife and I stayed at RCA for 4 nights at the end of August. I picked the hotel based on location and price (being one of the least expensive hotels in London). As other reviewers have noted, some of the rooms are a tad worn, though the owners were renovating one of the wings while we were there. Also, we found the front desk employees to be very friendly and helpful.We had a studio-kitchenette with a view of the backs of some houses, but it was perfect for us. We got great use out of the kitchen's fridge, microwave, and kettle. The bathroom was small, but serviceable. Despite not being brand new the place was still clean. We're younger travellers who still recall some hideous accomodations during our college years so this was quite alright with us and actually turned out better than I thought it would based on the other reviews I read here! :)So...go for the price, stay for the location--5 minute walk from Paddington Station where there are also many restaurants and a small supermarket to stock your kitchenette. It also is just down the street from Hyde Park, which is perfect for a first-evening-in-London stroll when you're still jetlagged and taking it slow.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great value	We spent 2 nights in a studio double apartment. It had been renovated, with laminate flooring and new appliances, and was spotlessly clean. The location was great, and the staff helpful. The coin-operated internet access lounge was handy, allowing one to check email for only a few pence for a few minutes' access. The only downsides were that we were on the 5th floor, and the lift goes only to the 4th, there was no coffee maker, so we bought paper filters and got creative with the kettle, and there was no shelf to place toiletries in the shower. None of these issues ruined an otherwise pleasant stay.	
Sep 17 2008	My secret apartment!	Royal Court Apartments, Gloucester Terrace, London.May 24-31, 2001.Very nice 3-star apartment on Gloucester Terrace. My husband and I stayed in a 1-bedroom and it was clean and comfortable with maid service daily. Two to three minute walks to bus stop, Lancaster Gate underground and Hyde Park. Walking distance to Queensway for shopping. There are grocery stores just around the corner from the apartment. Great value for the money and no more expensive than a 3-star hotel room. We liked it so much we are staying there again for a week in October!	
Sep 17 2008 	Worn and tired	Close to Paddington,about 8 minute walk.Nice lobby but our 1bedroom unit had worn out carpets,furnishings,uneven and noisy floor,bed was like trying to sleep on a rock.Desk staff was helpful and polite.Room in desperate need of a makeover.Would not stay again.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great value and excellent location	My wife and I (mature couple) stayed here at the end of August 2008 for four nights. We had a 1 Bedroom apartment for 2 persons. It consisted of, a twin bedroom (quite small) a lounge cum kitchen area, and small bathroom with bath and shower. While the room was dated, it was nonetheless comfortable, but if you are looking for luxury, this would not be the place for you. I believe they are in the process of upgrading the rooms - we were on the second floor and these appear to be the old style. We had a front room, which if you are a light sleeper, would not be suitable as there is quite an amount of traffic on the street below. The kitchen was basic, but adequate, as we only had our breakfast there. If you were cooking full meals, I feel it might be a bit restrictive as the cooker had only two rings(plates) and there was no oven, but there was a microwave. A toaster was also provided. There was a small fridge, which would not hold a big supply, but there was a lot of small grocery shops/mini markets close by, with a Sainsburys in Paddinton train station, which was about a 12 minute walk from the hotel.There was no air con. in our room, but a fan was provided. The rooms were cleaned daily. We found the staff in reception to be friendly and helpful on every occasion. The hotel has a lift(elevator), but I understand it only goes to the 4th floor.It is ideally located - 12 minute walk from Paddington station, 200 yards from the nearest bus stop, from where you can get into Oxford St, Tottenham Court Rd. and Picadilly Circus. A further 100 yards on, is Lancaster Gate tube station. Hyde Park is just accross from the tube station. Within a 5 minute walk, in the Paddington station direction, there is a good selection of restaurants/eating places, reasonably priced.I would definitely use these apartments again, I consider them good value, good location, convenient to transport services and with Paddington station closeby, and very convenient if arriving in Heathrow airport. However, do not expect 5 star luxury or services, - it is ideal for anyone who will be out and about touring and siteseeing inLondon, who just wants clean and comfortable accomodation to come back to at night and get up whenever they want to in the morning and make make their own breakfast.	
Aug 7 2008 	Satisfied with RCA	We stayed at RCA in Londond from July 19 thru July 25, 2008. Our 2 bedroom apt. was a good size for London. Kitchen better stocked with dishes etc. than I expected. Coffee and tea replenished everyday. All 2 bedrooms are on the 5th floor and the elevator only goes to the 4th but it was not to bad taking luggage up a few flights of stairs (unless you are elderly or have health problems. We had one of the updated apartments with leather sofa, chair in sitting area which was very comfortable. One drawback was lack of dresser space in the one bedroom but the master had a set of 5 drawers and also drawer space under tv cabinet. Lots of cupboard space under the windows to store luggage. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Would stay here again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great value and location.	A wonderful location in central London, a few minutes walk from Paddington Station which meant it only took us about 20 minutes to get there from Heathrow. Direct transport to major tourist destinations and close to Hyde Park for a stroll. Plenty of resturants and cafes in the area as well as mini-markets which was great as using the kitchenette cut downs costs immensley.We stayed in a standard one bedroom apartment which we found very comfortable and well equiped. The only problem was that there was no bedside lamp in the bedroom, meaning you have to get out of bed to switch the ceiling lamp on/off.We will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	great value accomodation	We had an apartment here for 4 days and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The apartment we had was a studio, it was compact but comfortable with a small kitchenette.The was a lift so getting bags to room not a problem.There was no air-con but they supplied a fan. There was a guest lounge and bar.The location is fantastic not far from Paddington station, Hyde Park a short stroll away.Rooms were serviced everyday.Staff were helpful.We booked on-line and got this room for 59 pounds per night, i did book about 3-4 months out to get this price. We had a back room, no view but nice and quiet.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Value in London	After reading a lot of reviews of London hotels, as well as comparing prices, I chose the Royal Court Apartments because of their location close to Hyde Park and Paddington, as well as for the price. I booked directly with RCA and was able to book a studio for two for only 65 pounds per night, VAT included.I stayed at RCA for 5 nights before heading off to Bath for two nights, and then on to Harwich for a 12 night cruise on Jewel of the Seas. I also stayed at RCA in June for one night after the cruise.In May, I was given a newly refurbished room (509) complete with kitchen, mini-fridge, lovely bathroom, table and chairs, tv with four or five channels, double bed, and a wardrobe. The room has been decorated in the Ikea style, with new laminate floors, new kitchen cabinets, as well as a new bathroom with great new tiled shower, sink, toilet, tile floors- much more than you would expect after seeing some of the pictures taken by former guests in the older rooms. Also newly renovated, but sans kitchen, is room 507, for guests who want a lovely, (although smaller room), who do not need a kitchen or fridgeWhen we checked out of room 509, we asked if we could have the same room when we returned in two weeks. The lady at the desk put that information into the computer, and then we confirmed with her that we would have room 509 at a cost of 65 pounds for that additional night in June. However, when we did return, we found that room 509 was not available. The room have been occupied already by another guest. We were given room 404, not one of the newly renovated ones. Room 404 has two rooms, vs. 509's one large room, and the difference is striking. Room 404 has old carpet, old vinyl floors, and an old bathroom. At one point when we returned to the RCA and asked for our key to 404, we were told that the bathroom had a slight problem which was being fixed so we were told to wait in the lobby while the repairs were being done. We left to go sightseeing, and came back later. We we returned to our room, it smelled like chemicals, but the bathroom functioned properly.I enjoyed my stay at the RCA, and would highly recommend it. Hyde Park is only a couple of blocks away, and Paddington is only a few more. It is quite easy to walk to Paddington to shop for groceries at the two grocery stores there, as well as walk to internet cafes, shops, and restaurants. The bus is down the block, and you can catch the tube at either Paddington, or at nearby Lancaster Gate across the street from Hyde Park. You can't beat the price, and having a kitchen is a bonus. My only disappointment was not being able to stay in the room I had reserved ahead of time. We were told that next time we stayed there to ask for room 509, and ask that &quot;no sub&quot; be added to the reservation to ensure that 509 would be held for us. Makes me wonder why they couldn't have just done this in the first place. It does make me wonder what will happen the next around, however, I would stay here again regardless, I would be hard pressed to find a better deal in London for a budget hotel, and for a budget price than the RCA.	
Jun 18 2008 	Plain convenient and nicely run	We, family of three, stayed in a one bedroom apt. with a dble bed and couch. Ordered a rollout bed but didnt use it as our 4 yr old slept on the couch. Bedroom has a strong rectanglular shape. Lots of space from end of the bed to the wall and the armoire, 6 or 7 ft, but only 1 foot from the walls on the side of the bed. Lots of light in the morning. WIndow right above head of bed and big window in living room. Bed was comfy. Bathroom worked well for us. Everything looked cleaned. Though the place was obviously older there was no detriment to our stay just to it's looks. TV recieved 4 stations, cartoons in the morning for our son. Kicthenette was very handy. Two burners. A pan, lots of plates and bowls, utensils, glasses, etc. Made breakfast everyday. Saved some money. Little grocer around the corner with fresh fruit, raisin bran, eggs, etc.. Lancaster Gate Underground is closer than Paddington underground by about 3 minutes walking. There is also a bus stop, Lancaster Gate, at the end of the same block as the hotel which makes for ease of transporting luggage. Hotel staff were all almost always friendly and attentive. I'd say 8 out 10 for that. Cons-Walls are a bit thin, as is flooring. Elevator is mad slow. Internet in room is expensive, $30 a day, but free wifi in the lobby.Staying here was hassle free and helped us enjoy our trip to London. Will certainly stay here again as the price was the best for the amount of space we wanted. Recommend a Sunday morn walk along Bayswater Rd. to see artists displaying work all along the sidewalk going towards Notting Hill market, which is also recommended. Reminds me of Central Park. Hyde park is a great place to get your walk/jog/run on.	
Jun 17 2008	Not fancy but cheap	We stayed at the Royal Court Appartments for 3 nights from the 1st June 2008.Having read previous reviews i knew it was not going to be fancy and was half expecting to have to wear thongs in the shower. However i was surprised by the value for money and was exceptionally happy with the overall experience. Downstairs had been renovated - front desk, common lounge, bar and internet. All with new paint, furniture, flat screen tv's, wireless internet and more. It was very comfortable and quite a social area if you felt like a change from your room.The front staff were always helpful and pleasant. There are 2 elevators, which are slow and old but did the job. Our room was 310 on the third floor. It was certainly in need of a renovaton but i understand the building is currently undergoing refurbishment.We had a 1 bed appt, which was clean, comfortable enough, ample room for 2 people. It had a very small bathroom with a toilet, sink and a shower that leaked but not so bad as to flood the room. However it was clean and had good water pressure as well as plenty of hot water.We had 2 single beds, a wardrobe &amp; dresser. The beds were comfortable, clean and nice to sleep on.The appartment had laminate wood flooring, a small kitchenette, sofa, spare cot, TV, fridge, microwave, stove, sink and enough cooking utensils to make most meals if you want.The items in the kitchen were clean, well maintained and did the job. All plugs and utilities worked fine and were not falling appart or broken. Our attraction to stay at the royal court was the low price, kitchen &amp; central location, and for this we were not disappointed. In fact it exceeded our expectations, you cannot beat the location, the street is quite at night, but well lit, people still walking around and had a safe feeling.Paddington and Lancaster gate tube and train stations are only a few minutes walk and there is good bus connections as well. There is a sainsbury and M&amp;S in Paddington station if you want to grab food supplies to store in the appartment. Or there are many many cheap resturants to pick from in Paddington if you feel like eating out.The only other annoyance or criticism of the room we stayed in apart from the shower, was the fire alarm would briefly sound at various times during the day and early evening. Not sure why and i kept forgeting to ask the front desk. But it never woke us up at night so we didn't really care to much.Overally we would stay at the Royal Court Appartments again when we are in London.	
Jun 15 2008	Fantastic value for money	I have stayed in a number of hotels in the Paddington area and have so far found this to be the best for our budget. It is located close to Paddington Station for the national rail service and 3 underground lines. Within 2 minutes walk is Lancaster Gate station for another option. Busses are also just moments away. The outside looks a little dated and the carpets in the rooms could do with a good clean. However, we paid a minimal £65 per night for a 1 bedroom apartment with a separate lounge and bedroom with cooking facilities including the fridge, microwave, toaster and cook top. Most would know that London can be quite costly... but you can save yourself a fortune by using this hotel. The staff were lovely and found we had no issues, having said that, we did witness a number of guests arguing with staff who were not willing to assist if they did have a small issue. This will be my hotel of choice from now on.	
Jun 12 2008 	budget accomodation but suited us fine!	We booked to stay in London last weekend. We were going to see the foo fighters at wembley and decided to make a weekend of it.Booked Royal Court apartments through Alpha rooms and to be honest avoid alpha rooms as our experience with them wasnt good!We arrived on the thursday and stayed till the sunday and had a great break.On arrival the lovely receptionist informed us that she had no booking for us and that they had nothing from alpha rooms. However she kindly showed us to the lounge while she sorted it out. I think she felt for us and upgraded our room to one with a lounge and kitchen which was great. She advised that next time we book directly through them as we had over paid to alpha rooms by £90!Allof the reception staff are friendly.....bit clueless though about the local area and amenities in the hotel but lovely all the same.Our room was budget but clean and I think they are in the process of decorating all of the rooms as we peeped in at some which have been done and they were lovely. To be honest the room we were in needed updating.It was a nice firm bed and having a fridge in the room really helped as the weather was 26 degrees while we were there. It was lovely having a small sofa to crash on and relax after a day of sight seeing.We would definately stay here again and its only £70 per room per night if you go direct to the hotel.Its a short walking distance to Lancaster gate tube which is on the central line so accessible to all parts of London. At the bottom of the road is the entrance to hyde park which was great to walk round and see the fountains. In the opposite direction from the hotel is a short walk to Paddington station/tube stop and lots of shops and just at the top of the road from the hotel are a few little grocery shops (Nisa and some local owned ones) where can get milk, drinks and whatever else need.There are also various restaurants near to the hotel although we tended to eat while we were out so never really tried any.I'm guessing if you are off to London and use your hotel purely as a base this hotel is a must. The main things for me was it was clean, the staff were pleasant and the bed was comfy! What more do you need!	
Jun 10 2008 	Don't expect too much.	Upon arrival at RCA after a long flight we were told there was no booking, eventhough I had booked directly via email with the hotel three months prior and re-confirmed by email one week before arrival, advising arrival time etc. They did, to their credit, find us a room which we were told was a &quot;superior 1 bedroom apartment&quot; and we had apperently booked a &quot;standard 1 bedroom apartment&quot;, so we were &quot;upgraded&quot;. All I can say is that if that was &quot;superior&quot; I'd hate to see &quot;standard&quot;. After reading a lot of mixed reviews on TA was prepared for some basic accommodation, however, broken windows that do not close, let along lock, the shower screen over the bath swings 180 degress with nothing to hold it in place so water floods the floor every time you shower. The kitchenette was adequate, however, plug did not fit the sink so couldn't do dishes. The staff were friendly, but most lacked any local knowledge and were unable to assist with even minor requests. RCA is, however, located very conveniently to Paddington station, Hyde Park and a few okay eateries, small supermarkets and fruit shops for supplies. It was really convenient to have a kitchen and separate sitting area, however, I'd probably not stay there again. RCA really needs some renovationing to bring it up to scratch.	
Jun 9 2008 	Handy and Convenient	The hotel is a 5min walk from Paddington station (handy for airport to and from) and 2mins from Lancaster Gate on the Central Line (handy for day to day travelling).I checked in without an issue, into a one bedroom apartment, the place is dated (but pretty much what you expect from London, except cleaner) although whatever chemicals they use on the carpets leave a tremendously noxious fumey smell that i found to make me ill on the first night but luckily they must only use it before a new guest, after a day or two of leaving the windows open it faded, not sure how things would be in winter.It was a bit annoying to have to leave the key at the desk every time i left, but easy enough as the front desk was always well staffed. I think they may be updating some of the rooms bit by bit as there was work going on in a room across the hall from me and there were trucks leaving with old furniture outside, so i believe the place will be getting updated more in the future.It was clean, convenient and good value for money. London is incredibly expensive no matter what level of accomodation you stay at, so at least having the little kitchenette to prepare your own meal makes things better and there was lots of space compared to most rooms you'd get there, it really made a difference when being there for over a week.	
Jun 8 2008 	What a dump! Won't stay here again	This place was a total dump even by London standards. It is close to things--the only positive. The television had rabbit ears and not a single station came in clearly. My shower leaked into the room below, so they had to keep coming to my room to attempt to fix it. My closet door fell off the second day and was not fixed. They tried to get me to use their internet, but finally did tell me where an internet cafe was located. There is no bar, no restaurant. Nothing. Never again will I stay here.	
Jun 8 2008 	High Highs Low Lows at RCA	Before I came to the hotel, I was very confused by the reviews written on this site - some were great, and some were terrible. But when I got there, it all started to make sense. Because of the renovations, there are parts of the building that are fine - but....if you get stuck in an unrenovated room...not so great. Here were our observations:Pros: Good prices; Great location near Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations for easy access to Central, Circle and District lines; Nice location next to Hyde Park for morning or evening strolls through the fountain and garden areas; Very polite, accomodating staff; Great money-saver to have kitchen, in light of dining being so expensive in London, especially with the terrible exchange rate of the dollar; Housekeeping was friendly and trustworthy with valuables in room; Higher floors on the back of the building are much quieter and have nice views; Beautiful refurbished lobby and sitting area with large flatscreen TV; Nice computers in lobby for finding walking directions, restaurant reviews, etc; In room TVs had clear pictures with four or five available channels. Cons: The rooms that have not yet been refurbished are very, very shabby. We had to decline our first room (room 60) because it was so, so awful - and I challenge anyone that thinks that I'm being too picky to ask to see it upon their arrival - it is truly a hovel. The shower isnt even in the bathroom - it's down a long scary foot-and-a-half wide hallway next to the front door. Our final room was still pretty shabby, but at least livable; Faulty wiring: every time we tried to turn on the stove, the fire alarm in our room turned on (which, while funny, was pretty disappointing since we thought we'd have a stove for the week); Bad plumbing: The toilet did not flush properly and leaked the entire week, even after maintenance's attempts to fix it; Terrifying elevators: They were working about half of our 8 days on the premisis - and when they were working, they shook and groaned so much that we never knew if we were going to get where we were going or not; Wireless internet connection: signal drops about every five minutes, causing too much frustration to even bother - if we were to do it again, we wouldnt even take the laptop and would just use the two pay-as-you-go computers in the lobby. So, as you can see, the experience, for us, was very mixed with high highs and low lows. The benefit of having an apartment with a kitchen was definitley worth all of the pain that we experienced - we wouldnt do London without one ever again. Bottom line was, for us, that if we could find another apartment in the same price range next time, we'd probably try it instead - if not, we'd stay at the RCA again. If you're going to stay at the RCA, here are our tips: If you find your room to be too warm, just ask the front desk for a standing fan - they do have them available. The Chinese restaurant up the street and around the corner to the left is great, and the M&amp;S and Sainsbury grocery stores in Paddington station are good places to stock up on groceries - just make sure first that the stove in your room works before you buy anything that can't be cooked in a microwave. There is a pharmacy and a church closeby as well. The nearby Swan Pub is a good place for a pint. We heard that the Victoria Pub was nice too.	
May 25 2008 	Great staff great location	We stayed in 1 bedrm apartment in April 08. Staff were very helpful, allowed us in room earlier than check in time. Much appreciated after long exhausting flight from Singapore. While all rooms are dated, all is functional and clean. Beds comfortable and shower good. Location at Paddington is excellent, very central to all sites and tube.	
May 19 2008	Best Value in London!	My fiancee and I arrived at the clean and very friendly 24-hour reception desk of the Royal Court Apartment hotel, and received a warm and hassle-free welcome despite the late hour at which we arrived. Then, when we saw the large, double, ensuite room we had booked, we almost couldn't believe they were giving us such a good price! The staff was respectful, the room was clean and comfortable, it was easily accessible from several Tube stop lines, and all appliances worked beautifully. When we returned from our stay, we saw that we had even received an email thanking us for our business. What a great hotel! We highly recommend it.	
May 16 2008 	Budget in good Central London location	The location is excellent for tube and rail. If you are budget traveller but needs some privacy and service, this is the one of the best choices. They have friendly and helpful staff. convenient tube transportation, walking distance to Hyde Park and good grocery store, the Marks and Spencer and Stainbury for cooking needs at the Paddington Train Station.I love to eat homemade food and lots of fresh vegetable and friuit., my daughter and I really enjoy the stay.It's a bit old and dirty but still up to a livable standard withabove average overall at that price.	
May 14 2008 	Not too bad	We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment. The room was tired looking and the window in the kitchen/dine/lounge area didn't close. This wasn't too big of an issue as we like the fresh air.The lounge suite was grotty, I was too scared to sit on it, everything else was clean though.The toilet didn't flush very well, which was annoying and they forgot to give us sheets, blankets and towels for the 3rd guest.Not many of the staff spoke English, however, the reception staff did.One of the two elevators wasn't working for most 4 night stay, which slowed things down.The staff were helpful and the bar and waiting area seemed nice.I liked the fact that we could do our own cooking etc, so that saved money.The location was good, so that was a bonus.It was a cheap place to stay, but I am undecided as to whether I would stay there again.	
Apr 18 2008 	Excellent 	I booked a one-night stay for £51 on the hotel's own website. This is possibly one of the cheapest places to stay in London, and one of the best if all you're looking for is a bed to sleep on.The room was great - we had a sofa, TV and table in the living room, a small kitchenette with 2 hob rings, a sink and a microwave. There was also a bathroom with a shower over the bath. It was by no means decorated to be chic and modern, but it does the job!The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's a 2 minute walk from Lancaster Gate tube station and only a 10 minute walk from Oxford Street. Hyde Park is just beside the hotel, too.All in all, if you're looking for extreme comfort and will be spending a large amount of time in your room, don't go here. If, however, you're just looking a place to put your head at night, the RCA is the place to go!! I'll definitely be back.	
Mar 17 2008	Excellent value	London isn't cheap and the kitchenette, although fairly basic, was great for preparing meals to save a few quid on food during my stay. I even managed a quick spag bol one night! The one-bedroom apartment was probably only slightly bigger than a regular hotel room but due to the layout it certainly felt like we had lots of space, we weren't tripping over our luggage or each other. The location is excellent, it is very central and easy to get to, but as most of London, just be careful at night. Only downside is that it is not plush or luxurious, but certainly comfortable and we felt right at home, therefore very good value.	
Mar 12 2008 	Old but nothing to complain about	If you are looking for a great value, book here! Not many places in London can be found for ~$100 USD a night. Plus it's got a great staff who keeps things in order, very safe area near the beautiful Hyde Park, and a stones throw from a tube station. The space you get is huge. We had a studio double. The furniture/decor is very old, but everything is clean. Besides, you shouldn't be doing much other than sleeping in a hotel. The fridge and sink was nice so we could buy some groceries at a shop around the corner to save money/time on breakfast. Complaints: no auto wake up call system and no alarm clock (common in all of our Paris/London hotels). We had to catch a 5:25am train to Paris and the desk service didn't call us. They probably aren't used to checking the log at 4:00 am. Luckily they held a taxi for us. Also the windows were thin so we could hear cars going by and foot traffic. But it's a fairly quiet neighborhood.	
Mar 12 2008 	Inexpensive Yet Fantastic!	We stayed at the RCA 13-19 June 2007 when we went over to see a couple of bands at Wembley Stadium and Wireless Festival and could not have been happier for the small amount of time we were actually in the room. If you're there to see the sights and don't care about staying in luxury, this is definitely the place for you. I'd really worried about the reviews I'd read previous to this, but we didn't have one problem with anything. The staff are pretty helpful, but don't ask to use their free safe deposit boxes (which they offer at check in!) or you're in for a stern lecture. The lounge is quite nice and the area is very safe to walk around in. Conveniently located by Lancaster Gate Tube Station and not too far from Paddington Station, either. The view of the city from the upper floors is beautiful, by the way!	
Mar 11 2008 	Great for a budget traveler	After having read a number of so-so reviews I was a little worried about my reservation for four nights around Christmas 2007. I shouldn’t have been. The Royal Court is the perfect answer for budget travelers who want comfort and convenience in London without breaking the bank. Until there is a 180 degree shift in the exchange rate, Americans of modest means like me will find it very difficult to enjoy the city without spending a lot of time fretting about expenditures. The price of lodging isn’t too bad compared to New York or San Francisco and a pint of excellent hand poured ale is no more than what you’d pay at an upscale pub in the States but it’s really hard to stomach the idea of spending $20 for breakfast, $40 for lunch, and $75 and up for dinner, especially when few of these meals are going to be very memorable. Local “fast food” isn’t the answer given than an order of mediocre fish and chips will run you $16 to $18. Thankfully the Royal Court provides the thrifty traveler with the means to avoid these horrific drains on the pocketbook. Our little kitchenette (a one-person-at-a-time space) was stocked enough for us to make eating out a pleasant decision and not a chore. We would fix a nice breakfast, pack a lunch of sandwiches and snacks to munch on between museums and parks, and go off for the day exploring until we returned for dinner. Our simple but nutritious meals provided enough fuel to go hit the pubs and clubs each night. When we did eat out, it was because we were intrigued by the menu or the ambiance, not solely because we were hungry. When you have that sort of option, dropping $200 for dinner at a nice restaurant doesn’t hurt so bad, at least not until the credit card bills come in.The management does a nice job with providing the basics for cooking and “apartment” living. We had a roll of paper towels, dishwashing soap, coffee and tea basics, pots, pans, cutlery, glasses, towels and sponges, etc etc. About two blocks away is a small store that is surprisingly well stocked for its size and provided all that we needed to make tasty meals. With some butter, pasta, a ton of fresh veggies, and wine, we could whip up a far better dinner than anywhere in the neighborhood. Add a dozen eggs, sausages, fruit, and bread and we had breakfast covered. The only thing we brought with us were a handful of those little salt and pepper servings we snatched up at a burger joint at the airport.The neighborhood is quiet, surprisingly so for London. This is residential area, not a tourist ghetto like Covent Gardens and similar sections of the city, and by 8pm things have quieted down considerably. Very safe though. There are a couple of good pubs nearby (the Victoria, for example, is brilliant) and you are equidistant between the Central line Tube and the transportation hub at Paddington. Lots of busses run just a block away. The rooms are old, far older than most hotels you are likely to stay at anywhere, but they are clean (if very plain) and roomy. It was really nice to have a separate room for the bed. The electronic safe was a welcome surprise. The heater cooked (this was December) but we also had a standup fan. The staff was pretty friendly, far more so than I expected. I didn’t use it but I did see guests in the lobby hooking up via a wireless connection. I don’t know what these one bed room apartments (which is what we had) go for normally but the Hotels.com price was extremely reasonable, especially in comparison to other lodging choice in the city. Overall this is good value if you aren’t looking for something modern and charming but rather just needed a solid base of operations to explore London economically. I’d stay there again in a heartbeat.Nick P., Malibu	
Mar 7 2008 	Little Money and a Lot of Space	Now this isn't a four star luxury hotel but if you want a reasonable place to stay for a very decent price in a convienent London location, it's a good bet. We got a good deal, and with an coupon did even better, though I would recommend checking the hotel's website because the prices seemed even better there. We spent about $100 a night for what in London (or NYC for that matter) would pass for a palatial flat. There was a bedroom with two twin beds, a full ensuite bath, a kitchen with stove top, microwave and medium sized fridge, kitchen table with four chairs, tv and couch. There was also a cot, had there been more of us. Nothing was new but everything was clean.There was a very nice lounge downstairs, with free wifi, and a bar, though the bar wasn't open during our visit. It's perhaps a five minute walk from Paddington rail and tube stations. My only complaint is that they hold the room keys at the desk when you go out and don't seem to ask for much in the way ID before they hand them over.Having the kitchen facilities can help you save money during your trip. Try picking up premade foods that can be nuked in the microwave from the Marks and Spenser's in Paddington station. If you've got some time on Friday or Saturday go over to Borough Market (it's near the London Bridge tube stop) and buy some premade pies at the Pieminster. They were fabulous, especially with M&amp;S mash potatoes on the side.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great little room with kitchenette and wifi	I stayed in a single from Feb 1 through Feb 6 and am very satisfied with the hotel. As others have stated it is only a few minutes walk from Paddington station and Lancaster Gate, which is across the street from Hyde Park. The lobby area is clean and stylish and I found the staff extremely friendly (even the maintenance guy). I arrived at 10am and since my room was ready they let me check in. The room, as with most tourist class hotels, was small but had room for two chairs to sit comfortably at the table. The kitchenette was well stocked with supplies and everything worked fine. The bathroom was not as small as I was expecting and had a full tub with shower which had great water pressure and no lack of hot water. The room was kept very clean by the attentive staff. The TV received 4 or 5 channels and worked fine. I was on the second floor streetside and traffic noise was noticeable but didn't bother too much at night. I paid $70US per night through hotel's web site. I'll certainly stay here again. And I'll definitely never stay in London without a kitchenette ever again. Saved lots of money by not having to eat out constantly! Frosted Flakes and macaroni may not be the most British of meals but at least it was cheap. And the free wifi worked great in my room on my iPod Touch. To sum up, convenient and quiet location, clean and comfortable room and a price that's hard to beat.	
Feb 24 2008	Excellent budget option great location	I just returned home to New York after a week's stay at the RCA. The hotel absolutely met my expectations. The room was clean, it was quiet, and everything in the kitchen worked. The place is currently being renovated (a good move!) so some parts of the building are considerably shabbier than others, but regardless, this is the perfect place for a family or group of friends. The location is convenient and the price is right.	
Feb 16 2008 	Good location good price	We decided to try this apt/ hotel as a budget intro to preChristmas London, on a 6 week jaunt from Oz, thru UK, Italy and South Africa. We stayed in Bayswater at the Pheonix in 2005 and liked it. The RCA has the advantages of self catering; stayed 5 days in a one br apartmentt. Liked: easy transit from LHR(use the Heathrow Connect, not the expensive Heathrow Express); groceries at Sainsburys at Paddington Station, a 5 minute walk; big enough certainly for 2; small kitchenette with TV, microwave, hotplate, utensils and fridge, clean and friendly reception and cleaning staff, shops at the top of the street. great direct access to city by Lancaster Gate tube (3 mins walk). Yes, it's not what some (particularly novice American travellers) expect. It's a little down at the heel but I prefer spending my money on afternoon tea at the Ritz to sleeping obliviously in a 5 star. Free WIFI on my laptop in the lounge. We have travelled for 30 yrs on all continents and would certainly consider this one again.	
Feb 14 2008 	good price good location	stayed in this apt for 5 days in september. it is the perfect place for the budget travellers. it is convenietly located and with friendly helpful staff (and this one blonde boy is yummy lol). its close to both paddington station if youre taking the heathrow express and lancaster tube station, which is cheaper but takes a little longer - if youre not in a rush take the tube, either from or to LHR airport, to see the outside london. the room was clean and spacious and equipped with the basics - microwave, electric pot (for instant coffees) and a few cooking pans, plates and utensils. the hotel is a few blocks from a couple of restaurants, grocery, postoffice, bank, souvenir store, coffee shop and the BIG BUS tour stop. they were fixing up the lobby when we were there and i think theres wifi too. everything was ok except for those squeaky floor.the staff are helpful and always smiling. they give good directions for places to see, just make sure you tell them what you want to see. im not sure they know all the tourist spots since theyre all locals and they had to make a copy of my list of &quot;sights to see.&quot;ill be staying in this hotel again next time i do london...and the boy.	
Jan 7 2008	No luxuries but clean 	The hotel is dated in style and fairly basic but I found it clean and adequate for my needs. It is very convenient.Reading earlier reviews, I was concerned that room would be very small and not very clean; and staff unhelpful. That was not my experience. May be some other reviewers are expecting a modern motel or chain-hotel style facility but in my experience, most budget hotels in large European cities are not in that style but rather are older with smaller rooms, narrow hallways, small lifts and old fittings (showers, etc). RCA is just like many other budget hotels in central London.I found the room basic and not too cramped; the beds were firm but OK. The “apartment” consisted of a bedroom (4m x 3m), a small gallery kitchenette (cooker, microwave, kettle, basic utensils) and a good sized shower/toilet. Everything was clean and worked. Like most hotels in London, language issues can arise so you need to be patient and giive them a chance. I found the staff on reception helpful and polite.The location is very convenient. Paddington station and the Lancaster Gate tube station are a few minutes walk away and there also lots of buses. There are also some nice and reasonably-priced restaurants, pubs and convenience stores nearby. If you want a base for visiting London at a budget price, RCA is it. If you are looking for comfort and elegant surroundings, you elsewhere and pay for it!	
Jan 4 2008 	Convenient but shabby	After 5 weeks travelling through Europe and staying in a variety of accommodation we were not sure how we would find the Royal Court Apartments. We were warned by the reviews that it would be shabby but clean and this indeed was how we found it. The difficulty in assessing hotel accommodation is that it is a balance between cost/convenience/expectation/realism. We know London is expensive and we'd rather save on the accommodation and meals and see more of the sights. This we achieved but it did stretch our tolerance for the down at heel nature of the hotel. A couple of nights we'd have found tolerable but by the fifth night we couldn't wait to leave - we'd had enough of the scruffiness and a bathroom that was so small you had to step outside just to change your mind. But having said that, it is a very convenient location, the staff were nothing ever than polite and helpful and the rooms basically clean. Our only complaint was that our apartment backed onto an internal shaft at the bottom of which was the staff amenities room from which loud music/television did not make for a quiet location. We wouldn't stay again but this is a reflection more of what we're prepared to accept as a standard of comfort rather than a fault of the hotel as it doesn't purport to be anything other than it is.	
Dec 9 2007 	Perfect stay for less money	It was my second stay in this hotel an it will not be the last. I´m planing the next trip to london next year and I already know where I´ll stay. Whenever I´ve been there the staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms where clean, cosy and not to small like in other hotels in London. And the location of the hotel ist superb to reach the main points in London by tube or by bus - or even by going. So I can recommend this hotel to all who want to stay in London	
Nov 30 2007 	Royal Court Apartments Were quite ok!	We stayed at the Royal Court Apartments for 4 days in september, when we arrived we were greeted by a pleasent gentleman at the front desk, the room was a little warn and the bathroom could have used some finishing off just filling of holes and gaps around the bath. The kitchen facilities came in handy for a quick breakfast or snacks and drinks to have after a day of sightseeing. The wireless internet was very good and made it easy to keep in touch with people at home. The only negative is handing your key in when you leave just made us feel a little exposed in terms of security. However great hotel if you are on a budget.	
Nov 22 2007 	Very Good London Budget Hotel	We'll be checking out of the Royal Court Apartments tomorrow morning, after 4 nights, so I suppose something could still go wrong but, so far, this has been a fine place to stay in comparison with other budget hotels we've stayed at in Europe.We booked through United Airlines at the rate of $107/night for a &quot;one bedroom studio.&quot; When we checked in, we were given a one bedroom apartment, so we have a bedroom and a separate kitchen/living room, each of which is larger than most of the budget European hotel rooms in which we've stayed previously. The bathroom is typical for London, although the very tall bathtub sides do make climbing in and out somewhat of a challenge.The staff is very attentive and helpful! We had a problem with a loose shower head the first morning, reported it to the front desk as we left that morning and, when we returned a couple hours later, they asked if the repair was sufficient. (It was!) And, while not all of the housekeeping staff may have English as their first language (see previous reviews), we could not have asked for a friendlier or more helpful attitude from them.Some would characterize the decor as &quot;worn&quot; but, in our experience, no moreso than most of the places we've stayed in London (Royal National, Tavistock, President, Balmoral). And any of those hotels would have cost more than twice what we've paid here this week. Our philosophy is that if the hotel room is clean, well maintained and we have enough room to put our luggage on the floor, we'll use the money saved for other London adventures, and the RCA has more than met that expectation, especially with all of the space we have.The only concerns we have include poor lighting for reading (bring a portable booklight if you're going to read much in your room) and fact that, even in November, the apartment is warmer than we like for sleeping so that we leave the windows cracked and it gets a little noisy in the morning. (We're on the streetside.) As others have noted, the TV is not cable or satellite quality, but we've managed to stay tuned to both CNN and the British news channels, even though they may be a little fuzzy.Otherwise, location is good for getting around London, the presence of a kitchen unit including a refrigerator, dishes, microwave and hot water pot for coffee has been great, the wireless internet leaks effectively from the ground floor to our first floor apartment so that we've been connected very well the entire time we've been here and, again, we've never had this much space at such a reasonable price (or any price) on any of our previous trips to Europe.It's not the Mariott or the Omni in America but our employers aren't paying for this trip, and, at this price, it's been an excellent value!	
Nov 3 2007 	Not for Travellers seeking Luxury and Calm	I stayed at the Royal Court Apartments for three nights in October 2007, having booked it via the Ryanair website as a special offer. I had requested a quiet room, being a light sleeper. When I arrived, I was handed the key to a room which was surrounded by an interior building site. I complained and was immediately given an alternative room with an ensuite kitchenette, as I had orginally booked it. It was supposed to be a double room (studio) but was cramped even for a single traveller. For two people, I suppose that the apartments are a better choice in terms of size. All the windows facing the road are single glazing which lets in a lot of noise. The beds are comfortable and my room was clean but slightly shabby. A small bathroom sported a bathtub with shower nozzle, plenty of hot water and was also clean. I was given fresh towels very day. The kitchenette is a real bonus if you do not want to pay extortionate London prices for eating out. There are plenty of small shops and supermarkets within a few minutes walk.The hotel is undergoing a refurbishing at present which means that there is a lot of rubbish piled up outside the hotel (including old fridges and kitchen fittings) which is very offputting. Inside the hotel, the lobby and reception area are clean, freshly painted and the staff is polite and helpful. I am sure that once the reconstruction is over, the place will be perfectly acceptable to stay in. Another bonus is the proximity to the bus stop at Lancaster Gate, the tube station Lancaster Gate as well as Paddington Station.	
Sep 11 2007 	Excellent Location	We stayed at Royal Court Apartments from Sept 2 - Sept 8.Location :: The Apartments are convinently located from Paddington Station. Take a train [ Heathrow Express / Heathrow connect] from Heathrow Aiprort to Paddington station. When you exit the station, turn Right and walk towards Gloucester Terrace. Turn Left and walk for 2 mins. You would see a blue canopy. Lancaster Gate Tube stations is about 2 mins. Lancaster Gate Bus stop is also about 2 mins. From each of this stops, you can connect to any part of London via Tube/BusHyde Park is about 2 mins. Very near to the hotel is Hyde Park which is very beautiful. Cross the Park [ 10 mins walk] to Kengiston Garden and Kengiston Palace. There are many small neighborhood grocery stores, or near Paddington rail station there are larger stores such as Sainsbury Local. It was a very safe location. Hotel Staff::We arrived early around 9 AM. Check in is usually at 3 PM. But Staff accomodated us and got the room ready in 1 hr. We waited in the lobby. Lobby is clean. WiFi access is available in lobbyCheck in was quick and staff very helpful. They provided us information, travel bits. There was always someone at receptionRoomRoom was clean. It has a double bed. Kitchen had all the utensils [microwave, fridge, table, chairs, cutlery, plates, pans]. We requested for more cups and plates and they provided us in 5 mins. We also requested for some more blankets and they were quick in getting those. Linens were changed daily and clean. Room was clean efficiently every dayWe stocked the fridge with essentials. There is Sainsbury at Paddington Station. There are also a couple of Internet cafes on the way to Paddington tube and train station which are relatively inexpensive and convenient. At Paddington there is a grocery store that has all the essentials if needed.Tour :: [--]	
Sep 4 2007	Loved It	I stayed here with my 2 sons (11 and 13) for 6 nights in June, 2007. The hotel was easy to find and very central. The room was a little home away from home and we relaxed straight away. The 1 bedroom apartment had 2 singles and a rollaway in the lounge, all quite comfortable. We mainly used the kitchen for breakfast and lunch so the fridge came in very handy. There was a Sainsburys at Paddington Station along with quite a few other shops. There was also an internet cafe just around the corner in a newsagents. There were some reasonably priced restaurants within 5 mins walking distance of the hotel. The train service was easy to use and quite cheap to buy a daily ticket for the 3 of us. I felt very secure which was very important when travelling with kids. The hotel was 2 mins walk from Paddington Station in one direction and Hyde Park in the other. The kids loved it. If you are coming to London for the sights and experience and don't mind an older style, yet quite comfortable, accommodation this is perfect and an excellent price. It was a perfect beginning to our trip to the UK.	
Aug 6 2007 	great value	For the money it was a great place. We cooked all of our meals in the cozy kitchen. The one bedroom was very roomy for 2 people (double bed and a twin bed). Bathroom was cozy and odd but we did not run out of hot water and had fresh towels daily. Kitchen was small and lacked drinking glasses but had wine glasses, had a nice table and 3 chairs! Living room had a love seat , chair and a tv with a few stations. Ask for a room in the back the street noise could be a problem.Room was clean and staff was helpfull. We felt safe! We will stay here again.	
Jul 28 2007	Just a bit scruffy for the price	The hotel staff was polite and gracious, but the room was a bit substandard for the price. The room was to have had two twin beds and a sleeper sofa, but had only the beds. The bedroom was cramped, and it took several hours for the staff to locate a folding bed. They really did try hard. The worst part of the stay was the mildew and sewer smell from the foyer and bathroom area. The carpet in front of the bathroom door had obviously been soaked repeatedly and allowed to mildew, causing my nose to run and eyes to burn. The staff honestly tried to clean the carpet, but the real cause was the shower, which had only a partial screen (at the wrong end!) and no curtain, allowing water to splash out of the tub area if you were not very, very careful. The staff offered to switch rooms, and in retrospect, we should have taken them up on their offer, assuming it was sincere.With respect to price, it was in range of other properties, and the general location was excellent. There did seem to be, however, a large number of other properties that we will explore on our next visit before we stay here again. One other point - the map provided on the web page was inaccurate - the Lancaster Gate Underground station is actually 1 block to the east on the map, and the location of the hotel is further to the northwest along Gloucester Terrace. Paddington Station is actually a little closer, offers better connections, and if one is traveling from Heathrow, take the Heathrow Connection all the way to Paddington Station.	
Jul 23 2007 	Superb Staff - Great Neighbourhood	We chose this hotel because of the reviews and price (through Holiday Rooms, very efficient). The location is very convenient, just minutes from Lancaster Gate on the Central Line. Registration was quick and our Receptionist was adorable, helpful and competent. At all times we saw 2-3 people at Reception. From the reviews we expected our room to be more worn out, but were pleasantly surprised to find it very, very clean and as if just painted. Our room had a stand alone fan which was welcome as it was hot during our time in London and during the night. The kitchen had all the basic utensils (hob, microwave, fridge, sink, table, chairs, cutlery, plates, pans) to prepare a meal. Tin-opener and cork screw/bottle opener were missing. Though with the Colbeh Restaurant just a short walk away (Porchester Terracce), we did not bother eating in. There are loads of restaurants nearby, from pizza to chic.The hotel lounge was adequate. We heard that WiFi is provided and then the generous seats would be a pleasure while surfing the web. Unfortunately the floors in the corridors cracked and we could hear each step above us, though no voices.The next day I asked how to get to the Indian High Commissioner and Rupi, the Receptionist, had all the info printed out, a map prepared and how to get there plus...send to the room. Now, if this is not service, then I don't know what is!The staff were at all times nice, welcoming and ready to give 300%. Would we return? Certainly yes.	
Jul 13 2007 	We loved our "friends" at The Royal Court Apartments!	Our experience at The Royal Court Apartments was wonderful. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated (updated). The location was a breeze to get around town. Nice, safe neighborhood. But the staff! What can we say? WE WERE TREATED LIKE ROYALTY! We had so much fun. Whenever we returned to the hotel, we were greated with such enthusiasm and kindness and when we left it was with good cheer. We especially loved Christiano who couldn't have been more concerned or treated us so wonderfully. Thanks! Margaret, Lynn, Dana &amp; Kayla from New York (everyone's favorite Americans!)	
Jul 12 2007 	Know what you are booking into	This &quot;hotel&quot; is a mixed bag. The location, near Paddington,is good for rail and the Heathrow Express; and within 100 yards there is Kensington Gardens and the Lancaster Gate tube station. Also the small kitchen facilties would probably be welcome.The place itself is pretty scruffy in the corridors and rooms although the bedlinen was clean. Much of the fittings in our room needed reapir and the TV needed tuning or replacement.We booked in advance a double at £65 room-only (surely you could stayat a Travelodge for the same?) and paid £50 deposit. However when paying the balance they tried to get a further £24 from me, and I refused.Also we saw someone get a walk-in rate of£185, which even for London seemed a lot for a place like this. We also overheard a family checking out, settling their bill and asking for a discount on account of &quot;the rats&quot;	
Jun 28 2007 	Great location!	This was our first London hotel and it had plenty of room for the two of us. It is not a luxury hotel by US standards, but we were looking for a place to crash after taking in as many of the London sights and attractions as possible in the 5 days we were there. This really filled the bill! The bath was small, as expected, and so was the bedroom, but the beds (we had 2 twins) were exceptionally comfortable and the whole place was clean with daily cleaning service. There were fresh towels and the bedding was changed daily. The big advantage is that there was another room with a small refrigerator and microwave so we could store milk, juice, ham, cheese, etc. for breakfast and small meals and picnics in very nearby Hyde Park. This was a huge savings because London is extremely expensive. We also used this room to store our empty suitcases since the bedroom was small. We made several local phone calls for various types of information and they were free. There are also a couple of Internet cafes on the way to Paddington tube and train station which are relatively inexpensive and convenient. At Paddington there is a grocery store that has all the essentials if needed. The hotel staff is happy to help, but English is not their first language. For most questions, however, they can look up info on the Internet, print it out and give it to you. They were happy to help in this way every time. It is in a safe neighborhood and VERY conveniently located near 2 different subway (tube) lines (Leicaster Square- at the gate of Hyde Park, and Paddington) as well as Paddington Train Station. Getting almost anywhere is Central London was a breeze. We would definitely return to this hotel!	
Jun 13 2007 	Perfect Location for the Single Traveler	During my 8-day London visit in March of 2007, I found the Royal Court Apartments extremely affordable, perfectly located, comfortable, and very very quaint. I booked it via Expedia as their rate was slightly better than the other on-line competitors. Many London mid-range priced hotels do not have full kitchenettes that include fridges, and that was one of the main attractions and selling points for me, having a fridge, a gas/electric stove. The Kitchenette was stocked with glasses, plates, silverware, pots, pans, knives, and a myraid of other essential kitchen ammenities for the active homecook. Its much cheaper to purchase groceries/ales/water/PRET sandwiches, etc than to eat out regularly. My room was on the fourth floor facing Gloucester Terrace, and the noise level was not that bad and I am a somewhat light sleeper when abroad. The room was quaint, slightly outdated by 20 years, but not in a bad way. I was not expecting four star living space, but rather a safe, comfortable and affordable location in a a very expensive UK city. The bedding was always clean, the beds were firm, the bathroom was decent sized even for someone like myself who is 6'4&quot;. Water-pressure was unusually strong for being on the 4th floor of an old converted victorian housing/building structure. I was not staying in London to complain about the hotel carpeting, the floral-patterned wall-paper, the weak TV reception (at about 9pm several channels begin all German Language programming so be prepared for this :), the awkward stairwells and inter-connecting/uneven hallways, etc, I wanted to save money on the living actual arrangements and spend carefully in other areas which Royal Court Apartments allows you to do.Perfectly located near Paddington Station and about 45 seconds from Lancaster Gate Tube, RCA also had a convienent night bus that takes you from LG to Islington with few stops inbetween. Its about a 15 minute walk to Oxford Street via Bayswater which runs parallel to Hyde Park (also about 1 minute from the RCA). Portobello Road is just a tube stop in the other direction heading west, and was nice to get over that way as well for the weekend street fair.Lastly, I found the staff /front counter staff friendly and helpful. Please understand that Brit counter staff will be different from NYC counter staff, and it nothing personal against the traveller, its a minor cultural difference so travellers must understand this and not take offense if the staff are not gushing with visible love and affection. They are doing their jobs and working hard for the hotel and the people they service day in and day out. I strongly recommend The Royal Court Apartments on Gloucester Terrace based on the money you will save, the convienence of location in a big city, and the good living and comfortable atmosphere you will engage staying there.	
May 18 2007 	Perfect for our needs	My daughter and I booked a studio apartment for 6 nights. Although lidt worn out by use, the place was really just perfect for us. We've tried other reasonable priced hotels and hostels in London, but this is our favourite.Location is just fine, 5 minutes walk to Lancaster Gate Tubestation and Hyde Park. If the weather is good, one can walk through the park in 10 to 15 minutes and be at Marble Arch and Oxford Street. The room was clean, and the cleaning beyond reproach!! Clean towels everyday and the staff was very helpful¨.This is OUR place in London in future, providing of course we can book at a reasonable price.	
May 16 2007 	Great for travelers on a budget.	My husband and I stayed at the Royal Court Apartments for 4 nights. The &quot;hotel&quot; appealed to us because it had a kitchenette and we knew that this would save us a ton of money.I must distinguish the difference between run-down and dirty. This hotel was very clean. To some, it may not have appeared this way because it was run-down - the furnishings,carpet, wall-paper, etc. were very old. The cleaning staff did an excellent job and I could not be happier. The kitchenette in our room had a small and a large sauce pan, frying pan, cooking prep materials, a microwave, two burners, a small oven, papertowels, dish soap, a small fridge - anything you would need to do basic cooking.The hotel offers free wireless internet access from their lounge. The lounge is quite nice and people do sit there with their laptops browsing the net, however, since our room was on the street level and near the lounge, we were able to access the internet from our room which was FANTASTIC! There was a TV in our room with all of the BBC channels and two german channels. The bathroom was basic, but suited our needs.The closest tube stop is Lancaster Gate. The closest after Lancaster Gate is Paddington. Very near to the hotel is Hyde Park which is very beautiful. There are many small neighborhood grocery stores, or near Paddington rail station there are larger stores such as Sainsbury Local. The staff were very pleasant. I was pleased with our overall encounter will all staff members. Note - Get an oyster card for tube travel! This is by far the cheapest way to travel as it offers a reduced rate to the paper tickets and if you travel only in Zone 1, you pay a max of 4.60 pounds per day. You can purchase the card from almost any tube or rail station and many local stores sell them as well. There is a 3 pound deposit on the card which is returned to you when you turn in your card upon departure.	
Apr 18 2007 	Two for Two!	Hey All,Oranjeboom here. I wrote a review of the Royal Court same time last year, based on my first experience staying there. As promised, I am here to write another review(though I am not sure how long-winded it will be. Stay Tuned!).To begin, I was a little worried that we would have a &quot;studio&quot; as opposed to the &quot;apartment&quot; we had first time around. We being me and my newly married wife. For those of you keeping score at home, she stayed there with me last year, only as my girlfriend. Please don't alert the Vatican............I have to say that I was very relieved to find that our &quot;studio&quot;, while small, was on the top floor(last year's &quot;apartment&quot; was on the first floor, on the inner part of the building, so we didn't have a view), giving us a view of the buildings between us and Hyde Park. There was an old church with a steeple that features in many of our photos. For the first few days, it seemed like we had the entire top floor to ourselves. Midweek(we stayed for 10 days), Mom and Dad and their 3 kids came noisily up the stairs and used the hallway as an indoor track facility. I was tempted to yell out the door like an angry old man bellowing &quot;GET OUTTAHH MY YAHHHHD&quot;, but I, with the help of my new wife, managed to keep myself under control. I guess these events could be filed under &quot;luck of the draw&quot;.As pointed out in my first review, the place is near two tube stations, which individually give you access to most areas and lines in London. We had no problem getting around at all. This is definitely a big plus for the Royal Court, since the Paddington area itself(other than Hyde Park), is pretty lame. If you are in search of nightlife, you better plan your evenings well, since many of the tube lines stop around Midnight, and you don't want to get stuck taking a Black Cab home. We missed the last train of the night by inches one night, and coughed up £25 to get home via Black Cab. If you don't know what the current exchange rate is between the USA and merry old England, it's 2 to 1(dollars to pounds), so it was 50 bucks! Tip to London travellers: Buy Oyster Cards if you are there for an extended stay. It will save you big bucks over individual tube fares!Staff was pretty cool as they were last year, with one guy being especially friendly. I took advantage of their &quot;safe deposit box&quot; to leave my iPod and American dough. No problems. The housekeeping staff is very good, although I think some of the older staff look at you while wishing you die a fiery death. How can I sum it up? I love it and it suits me fine. We had friends get us a room here in Chicago over last weekend as a wedding present at the Hyatt in downtown, and although I was very grateful for the gift, I couldn't see what the point was of blowing so much money on a place to sleep and shower. You could use that money to do so many other things.If you are at all like me, and just want a functional place to go home to at the end of a day of roaming around, the RCA is your place. The local Sainsbury's(in Paddington station), works well with the built in kitchenette to save you big money on eating out(not to mention beer and cider!) Buy up all the beans, Stilton cheese(88p!!!) and Kingsmill bread you can carry and you will never go hungry.If you are looking for a place to bolster your social status, or are, as described in my earlier review, a &quot;dainty traveller&quot;, this is not the place for you.Travel accomadations are, at best, a very subjective affair, so assess what your intentions are well before choosing the Royal Court as your port of call. If you want a very affordable(in ultra-expensive London, this place is a steal) place to stay, that is clean and comfortable, without frills, this is your place. If you are looking to prop yourself up with room service, and brag to your in-laws about the lavish accomodations you had on your trip to London, you might want to look elsewhere. I have stayed here twice, and can't think of a better place for me to stay in London. If I plan on booking another London trip down the road, the Royal Court will definitely be my first choice.I hope that all of you that choose the RCA for your London stay will enjoy this great city as much as I have over the last two visits. Be safe, and enjoy!Oranjeboom!	
Jan 25 2007 	Basic but nice	Arrived to the hotel at 1.30 a.m. on the 20th of January. The reception area was very nice and you could see that they had it renovated as it was bright and looking nice. The receptionist was very swift and the check-in was smooth. We were shown to our room on the ground floor (nr. 57). Our room was not renovated as we could se from the stains on the wall paper and the uneven floors. The floors had carpet in every room except for the bath rooms The bathrooms were not very big, you could just be one person at a time in there. Our double room consisted of a hallway leading to one bedroom with a double bed, 140 cm wide. Ensuite bathroom with shower. In the other direction we found a toilet and a shower, living room with kitchen and a TV. The bed was very firm, not to my liking at all. I woke up several times during the nights because it hurt so much. My husband on the other hand liked it being so firm.All the basic cooking equipment was there. Although we could have needed a tea towel, cutting board, frying pan and corkscrew.The TV-channels were not so many and we couldn’t get a sharp picture in any of them.The morning after we had slept the first nigt we discovered that we had only been given one very small towel each. We complained about this and after that we had two fresh towels each every day.Another good thing was that our room was very quiet. We didn’t hear any traffic at all during our stay.It was also very near to the tube, Lancaster Gate was just a few mnutes walk and as it’s on the Central Line you reached Oxford Street very fast.We would recommend this hotel to anyone who don’t expect nothing but a clean basic apartment hotel near the city.	
Jan 19 2007 	was ok	staying in this Royal Court Apartment for 3 nights from 11th Jan on. it is my first visit to London so I have no reference point to compare, however the money that I paid for this place is very much good enough to have a nice B&amp;B in continental europe so I can only say that London's expensive. I stayed on 3rd floor, bedroom is clean, but the floor is somehow thin and uneven in the corridor, we can hear the room above very clearly whenever someone's walking around. our bathroom is acceptable clean except the first day when we arrived (can see hair from previous guests), really small, everything packed in the bathroom. Shower not good. It is true that it is very closed to a lot other facilities esp. tube station and options for cheap eating, also bus directly to oxford street etc. A morning stroll in nearby park was also pleasant. I guess I shouldn't complain too much for the money I paid, only want to say that you can save a lot of money for decent hotels in order to plan for full evening activities (theatres, cines, restaurants and heaps of pubs), which was exactly what we did.	
Dec 20 2006 	Clean Friendly Excellent Value for Money!	GOOD POINTS•Clean and tidy•Cooking Facilities in the room•Friendly Staff•Great Location (next to Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate tube)BAD POINTS•Some might consider it a dated décor•No in-house restaurant (but cooking facilities in room and next door to a wonderful neighbourhood of an eclectic selection of cafés and restaurants).I normally use Priceline when booking Hotels (unless I need something specific) as they generally use quality hotels, you grab a bargain and I love that extra element of surprise. Anyway, I wasn’t able to secure anything cheaply as it seemed most of London was fully booked, not unusual for Christmas time.Anyway, I’m not usually one to pay over the odds on Hotels as I generally find if they are clean and tidy there’s not much in difference, and I’d rather pocket the difference than pay a small fortune to walk through a plush lobby.I found this Hotel through [----] and only paid £50 for the night and went by some reviews from this website, I wasn’t sure what to make of the reviews as they were either very good or quite poor, but not as bad as some other Hotels in this price brand.The Hotel market themselves as an apartment hotel and whilst I didn’t use them, they have a small cooker, microwave, sink, etc., in the room. I would imagine it would come in extremely useful if you are staying here for a week, where you could cook yourself a quick snack or breakfast than use the otherwise overpriced and often terrible hotel restaurants. I found the rooms incredibly clean with even a reassuring smell of cleaning products and although whilst the décor was somewhat dated and rooms small-ish (something that you expect for London, although the hotel does have a range of larger rooms for more people) it was a pleasant experience, walking distance to both Paddington Station and Lancaster Gate tube, excellent value for money with friendly staff to boot!	
Nov 23 2006 	Good value	Stayed at theRoyal Court Apartments for 4 days, good proce and very conveniently located for Paddington Station and lots of shops and resturants closeStaff very friendly and helpful, and the room tarriff was very reasonableRooms are a little bit tatty and run down but nothing that detracts too much from the convenience and value for money	
Oct 25 2006 	Great location	Basic but perfectly adequate tourist hotel in good location- 10 mins walk to the Paddington tube station. Reception staff were polite and organised minor repairs (light globes, unlocking the safe) in an efficient manner. The 1 br suite was quiet and clean but the decor was very tired. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom compact but ok. We stayed for 7 nights and were able to cook meals in the kitchenette which had basic utensils etc. Not bad value for money for London- 2 star but would stay here again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Better that I'd expected	I was 4 nights there, and I was so nice, not rats, not buts, nothing strange. Just 1 thing, never more I´ll read any reviews for any hotel( things that for me can be nice for anothe person can be really bad), I was for night firgtened to find any rat, and what did it happen?, Notting.Everything was fine. Staff? I work in a hotel and I am more. more, more, more polite and friednly, but they was making their job, I can not make any complaint, but I would do more things for the customers in my hotel, but in my hotel is diferent.If I have the oportunity to come back in London, I don´t mind to come back to this hotel.	
Sep 21 2006 	Good standard in family apartment	I booked a three room apartment at the Royal Court Apartments for a weekend with my parents, brother and boyfriend. It was very short notice (on the day!) as we cancelled our previous reservation of a hotel after reading horrid comments on this website. The apartment was spacious, the beds were clean and not too hard/soft, we had a lining area with sofa, TV set and a kitchen, which was great for cooking fry-ups in the morning and storing drinks in the fridge. The interior of the apartment was a wee bit dated, nothing flash for sure, but it was clean, the shower worked and it was great to have the privacy with three separete rooms and two bath rooms. On phoning the business, we paid £200 per night (on a website earlier they had quoted a more expensive price), which is not too bad for five people in London!A word of warning though: when we stayed, it was around 20-22 degrees in London and the rooms were already quite warm, therefore it must be very hot during the summer months!!	
Jun 19 2006	A horrible experience!	The sheets and towels were clean, but the rooms were dirty, the elevators were disgustingly dirty. We had to beg to get the promised additional bed. We were told that 1 double bed and 2 twin beds were enough for 6 people! The furniture was ripped and torn. It was 78 degrees outside and we had to call and ask them to turn the heat off in our rooms! The floor creaked loudly when you walked across the room. The carpet was full of stains and filthy! We were preparing to leave by about 11:15 a.m. (check out time is 11) and a knock came on the door at exactly 11 telling us it was time to leave. I have never, ever stayed in such a terrible place for the money. If it was extremely cheap I might have been willing to live with it, but there was no excuse for this. On the same trip we stayed in apartments in Rome and Paris that were wonderful with great locations and great accomodations for much less money. We couldn't wait to leave.	
May 1 2006	great spot	we just stayed here for 3 days as our friend was running the marathon.we had originally bookes 2 studios but on arrival we recieved a 2 bedroom apartment which turned out better for our group.the decor is quite dated but the rooms where spotless and cleaned every morning and towels replaced.the kitchen facilities were ample the fridge came in handy for keepin the beer cold! the only minor problem we incurred was the lack of air conditioning(very stuffy at night) and the squeaky floorboards other than that the location was great and the staff friendly	
Apr 7 2006	Lovely place to stay in Isle Of Wight	Myself and partner stayed for 3 days in February 2005. We took the car ferry from Southampton to Cowes, Sandown was very easy to find and so were the appartments. To be honest it didnt look like much from the outside but once we get in and had a tour by the owner, we were gobsmacked! The appartment was so lovely, everything we could possibly want we had! The bedroom had a lovely 4 poster bed, the bathroom had a huge jacuzzi bath! Kitchen and living room were great and we even had a front garden bit! We only paid £150 for this break including ferry Being a first time visiter to the Island I was very impressed(even in the winter)!!! The island is gorgeous, and Sandown was very peaceful and interesting village! I cant wait to go back to the Island in the Summer and thoroughly recommend this accommodation for future visitors	
Mar 15 2006	We are living here	My daughter and I have been living in this hotel apartment for 3 months, for the price you are paying to be in this location it is great! We have seen 3 rooms and some are better than others, but they have all been clean and we have fresh towels everyday.As for the mice, if you are careful with your food and don't make it available to them, they will not come to your room, it is as simple as that, these are old victorian mansions and have character.The decor isn't 2006 but for the price it does the job, the staff are friendly and helpful, and the lobby and lounge are undergoing refurbishment right now and are looking very smart. As for the lift, yes it does bang when it starts but it has got us to our room everyday for 3 months, it also always makes us laugh, so how bad is that. You can reach all of London easily from here - a lot of it by foot. We will miss the place when we move.	
Mar 10 2006	Excellent Location Decent Quality Worth the (Budget Traveler) Price	I stayed in this hotel from March 5th, 2006 - March 9th, 2006. I stayed in a 'single' room. As stated before this is in an excellent location, rather close to Paddington station, which makes up for it's short comings especially for a budget traveler. The room was clean and cleaned daily. The wallpaper was pealing in one location. The TV didn't get many channels, but that wasn't why I was in London. The kitchen kind of smelled, and wasn't something that they cleaned as part of housekeeping. The bathroom was more than I expected from a budget hotel in Europe. They had a 'breakfast' that wasn't included in the rate that I had, I paid for it one day at almost 4 pounds and got only toast and cereal. I would stay here again if I ever visit London again.	
Mar 2 2006	Yikes!!!	I stayed at this hotel in May 2005 during a ladies trip to London with my mom, grandmother and aunts. Being my first trip to London I didn't have high expectations as I had travelled around Europe before and knew to expect rooms different than those at home in Canada. But I never could have prepared myself for this hotel. We were in a three bedroom suite with a kitchen. Although the location was awesome, nothing else about this hotel was good. The elevator was broken, the antenna on our TV was held together with a Band-Aid (!!), the carpets were gross - stained with I don't know what - and the appliances in the kitchen were older than me (25!!). I have never been so grossed out and disappointed in my life. Needless to say, we checked out of the hotel only hours after our arrival. Every hotel we went to looking for a room felt sorry for us being stuck at this dive and all wanted to help us out. There are an unbelievable amount of hotels around the Royal Court so when you visit London stay away from this hotel!!!	
Jan 25 2006	We'd come back!	It was just fine.my husband and I spend 4 nights (jan. 12 to Jan. 16 2006) in this quiet hotel. the hotel is under construction and we didn´t get the studio which we had booked but that didn´t really bother us. we came home late at night and left around 10h in the morning so we didn´t spend much time within the rooms.we had 2 single beds and another &quot;living room&quot; which had a couch, tv and a table with 2 chairs. they also put some sugar and coffee on the table and the rooms were very clean. the ensuite bathroom was freezing cold and tiny. it was not one of the most modern bathrooms, some tiles were broken, tiny sink and the pressure of the shower was not the best. but it was clean, new towels every day. the rooms are furnished in an old style but that´s typical british. but overall, it was worth the money and it offers easy access to london. even the sightseeing busses (big bus company and the origional sightseeing tour company) have a bus stop at the end of the road. the staff was very friendly. on our departure day we could leave our luggage there for no extra cost. and if the whole hotel looks like the new lounge room after their renovation it will look very very good. we would come back.	
Dec 10 2005	Please... never stay there!	I stayed in these apartments from 25th to 28th of March 2005. We were 4 people and we got two rooms... two different rooms! One of them was soooo small that 2 people could hardly sleep there (plus, it only had a small bed):it was what they call a studio, placed underground where nobody can hear you if something bad is happeneing to you. The other one, was a palace! It was big enought because it was an appartment: a room, a bathroom and a big living-room with a kitchenette and tv and some other useful things. so, you are lucky if you have one of those appartments...On the other hand, it was clean though and thanks God we did not see the mouse! The staff was friendly (most of them). But be careful with the woman in the breakfast (in the building in front of the hotel): she was rude with us (and with the rest of the people) and we had to complain in the reception (the next day, she was kind and friendly with us). The only good thing is the location: it's just in front of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park so you can go walking until Oxfort Street (it only takes 15 minutes).Despite we had problems with changing rooms and they solved it, I won't stay here because we had problems since the first moment. It was clean, but not good when it comes to quality and price. You can get something better around.	
Oct 26 2005	Beware!	The interior was a bit shabby but the room itself was clean enough so I thought it’s not that bad. BUT I would never recommend my friends to stay here since my purse got stolen…there was only one door lock so I thought it was rather insecure…	
Oct 18 2005	Mouse crawling up baby crib!	We spent three nights at the Royal Court Apartments between October 15th and October 18th. The first couple of nights we had a nice size studio with kitchen on the third floor. Nice bathroom and cute view. It wasn't really clean though when we came in. There was cat or dog hair all over the kitchen floor and table, hair in the bathroom and the bedroom carpeting was heavily stained. But we thought this was ok. The last night, the staff which we found very friendly and helpful, showed us a different room across the street which we turned down because it was very small and unattractive, a dive basically. Next they gave us a studio on the ground floor, not nearly as nice as the one on the third floor and we asked to change rooms after the very loud people next door kept our baby awake for a while. Our next room was ok too, nothing to write home about. We were chatting quietly while our baby was sleeping in his crib when we heard a scratchy noise. My husband got up and saw an ugly brown mouse trying to climb up our baby's crib. That was more than we could take so he rushed to the reception area and they immediately moved us to a nicer studio on the third floor. So, we have seen five of their rooms over the course of the week-end. Some are ok, some are really not but it's a great location, within walking distance from Hyde Park and other great sights....	
Oct 7 2005	The Price is Right	My mother and I just stayed at the Royal Court from Sept 27 - Oct 4, 2005 and had a wonderful time. The price was right for the location. It is less then a 5 minute walk to and from Paddington Station and the bus service , and alot of great eating establishment in the area to choose from or if you get a studio with a kitchen as we did you could pick up food from the store(s) to fix. We had a small studio apartment up on the second floor. The mouse I saw was running under the food shelf at the food store in Paddington Station. I speak only English and I had no problem speaking and understanding any of the staff here. I have travel around the world and have learned that if you slow down and stop and listen you will understand the staff and they will understand you . Yes, they are working on the hotel and the carpets in the hallway could use a cleaning or changing. Our studio was clean from the bed sheets to the bathroom and the room was cleaned daily. If you have a room with the kitchen as we did, it is your responsibliltiy to wash your dishes or read the notice on the cabinet door that you will be changed for a fee for the staff to clean the dishes. I would stay here again. The friendly staff makes it worth the stay along with the location!	
Oct 6 2005 	Egads what a dump!	The best things I can say about this place was that the fridge in the room worked and the location was stellar- around the corners from Lancaster Gate and Paddington tube stops. I had a twin room which was tiny and an even tinier bathroom- the sink was so tiny I had to wash one hand at a time! There is no AC and no satellite TV (just three or four channels you can get with rabbit ears). The bed was OK, but it squeaked even up you merely twitched. The walls had paper on them from two eras- the top half from the 30's and the lower half from the 70's and was peeling away. The street below is very noisy at all hours and the corridors are dank and narrow. The lift was frightening- I was never sure if I would get out alive. Did not have the flea and mice experience some others had, thankfully. If I stay in this part of London again, I'll pick a different hotel as there are many others around the block.	
Oct 4 2005	Great find	I was a little leery about this place as I had read many non flattering reviews...was I ever pleasantly surprised. Found it on Expedia and it was only 50 GBP/ nite for a twin studio with a kitchenette. The room was quite big with a big bathroom (not something common in London). The decor was dated but the room was very clean, and the beds comfy. The locale was great (only 1/2 block form Hyde park/Kensington gardens) and close to bus and tube stops. The front desk staff was helpful and available to answer any questions. I would recommend this to my friends and look forward to staying there again.MKCanada	
Sep 27 2005	I found a mouse in my room	I stayed at Royal Court apartments for a week last October. Everything was clean and my double studio apartment was fine and clean, the staff seemed correct and all was ok, but one day I found a mouse on my room while I was trying to relax watching the TV, I don't know if it's ussual in England to find a mouse but I'm Spanish, and for me finding a mouse is really, really disgusting. So I went to the reception in the middle of the night with my pijama to tell them about the mouse situation, and they wasn`t very polite, they kept me waiting for a long time in the reception unlit the manager came, I told him about the situation, and he said very rude &quot;Come on, don't worry! it's only a mouse not a tiger!!&quot; and I told him &quot;yeah, but it's not something that you expect to find in a room that you are paying for!!!&quot; So, they gave me another room for the night in the first floor that they were &quot;redecorating&quot; and the new room was really dump and much smaller and worse than mine. They were really rude with me and the didn't even mention about a discount or not paying the correspondent prize of that night. The next morning they told me that they got rid of it, but I wansn't very sure because everything was in the same place that I left it. Thank god I din't have time to comfirt if the mouse wasn't really there because I got my suitcases and left the apartment the next morning.	
Sep 16 2005	Dont even consider booking it	I ve read a few reviews on the site just before i chose this hotel and all that because someone had a posting &quot;Lies, Internet Lies&quot; i considered booking this hotel just for the price location of it.Lies internet Lies not always trueLocation-wise: excellent, Paddington is 2min away from the hotel which makes Heathrow airport just a 20min ride away (Heathrow xpress). you also have bayswater in front of your legs, hyde park is 30secs walk and Lancaster Gate tube is just there by the corner make it a 1min walk tops.Cleaniness-wise: disgusting!!! disgusting!!! the room was very dirty. Bitten by fleas daily, towels are changed once during stay but the maids do bother cleaning the dishes in your small kitchenette. However we discovered that our blankets had sperm dried out on them (that means noone actually bothered changing/washing them after the previous occupant)Luxury-wise: hotel (building) is around 200yr old. Basically its 8 victorian houses stuck together in a way that reminds a maze. At least there are loads of fire escapes so you can be saved when the ceiling falls on yous head. Rooms are in a style that reminds 30's-40's industrial England maybe with a touch of nice Victorian wallpaper which is outdated. Someone please rennovate this hotel NOW!!!Staff-wise: brilliant all guys are very helpful except the maids that dont speak english at all and the indian/pakistani receptionists that are very hard to understand. However a somalian and spanish girl working at nights are brilliant and extremely helpful. These two were honest to tell us &quot;how in hell did you take the decision to stay here?&quot;I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and i wont even pass the same street ever again.We had a reservation for 7nights, we made it for four nights till we asked to be moved to another hotel of rcahotels.co.uk which is cheaper, cleaner and is a true 3*** hotel around the corner from the Royal Court Appartments.I would consider this hotel excellent for backpackers but not for bussinessmen or holiday makers because it will ruin your stay in London unless you want to stay centrally.	
Sep 14 2005	Avoid 'Royal' Court	Found this one on Last Minute Hotels, and the price seemed too good to be true, given the list of amenities, which included a health club, laundry facilities, etc. None of the amenities were there. The room was cramped, not very clean, and very noisy (work crews were hammering by 8 AM each day). The staff was baffled, and often baffling.We shared our room with a mouse, who did his work at night.Only the reasonably convernient location, cheap price, and the fact that the room motivated us to maximize our time seeing London kept us sane.	
Aug 7 2005	Lies the internet lies	My dad booked this hotel online; the hotel looked nice and so did the pictures, but when we got to the hotel, the lobby was small and dirty and the check-in staff could not speak english properly. They spoke as if they were from france. After we checked in we went to the elevators wich sound like they would break down every time they moved. The corridors were tiny and the carpet was dirty. When we got into our room, there was a smell in it, the floor was not leveled and the room was dirty and dusty. The bathroom was dirty and the fixtures were falling off the wall. The internet said that they had satellite TV, but it was just rabbit ears and could only get three channels. The beds were uncomfortable and smelled. I had to sleep on a fold up bed which every time you moved, the bed closed up. The net also said that it had AC but it didn't. The room was very hot and stuffy in the night and there was a street light right outside our room window. The street was very noisy at all times of night. The next day we moved to another hotel immediately ( named the Copthrorn Thara which was good ).If you can, try to avoid it.	
Jul 21 2005	Mouse in the house at RCA Paddington	We stayed for 2 nights in the RCA Paddington Hotel our first 2 nights in London in September 2004. We had booked through research on-line, including pictures. The neighborhood was similar, but I am not so sure the building was. The location was great, close to Paddington, Kensington Gardens, lots of great restaurants in a good neighborhood. I don't know if the hotel owned numerous locations, was remodeling or what, but the address we had gotten referred us across the street. The common areas and rooms were a bit dingy and run down. Our room had 2 twin beds instead of the one we had assumed we would get. The front desk staff was a bit unapproachable, so we didn't ask for anything else. I awoke both nights to the sound of a mouse, the first night on the nightstand between the beds, and the next night under the head of my bed! Needless to say I didn't sleep very well after that. I loved the convenience of the location and the neighborhood, but was not sad to leave our room for other accommodations the next few nights.	
Jun 2 2005	Royal Court Apartments is home!	It's graet having kitchen facilities in your hotel room. A microwave lets you sample many curry dishes available in refrigerated sections of markets and a fridge is invaluable. I stayed at RCA for 9 nights in early May 2005. This, my second visit there. There was a mouse in my ground floor room and I was moved by staff to an upgraded, 2 room suite on a higher floor. I'm convinced the mouse was result of all the construction going on in the large lounge. I walked in without reservation and paid about $85. a night. Outstanding for central London! RCA is half a block from Hyde Park/Kensington gardens and the Lancaster gate tube station. half block from food stores, liqour store and a 5 minute walk from the Heathrow Express at Paddington station. I just love the staff at RCA. Good humored, very helpful and professional. I will always stay at RCA.	
Mar 8 2005	Good Deal In London on Budget	My husband and I travel to London frequently on business and pleasure. With the current US exchange rates, one is hard-pressed to find hotels in London that are &quot;budget&quot; in US dollar prices. This property is a step up from a better quality hostel, and is certainly worth it, considering you are two blocks from Lancaster Gate Tube Station, Hyde Park, and a short walk to Paddington Station (the London-Heathrow express terminates at Paddington). The hotel is a one or two star American rating, but the staff was helpful, and made efforts to have the room clean (even dishes done!) each day. There were rennovations going on when we were there in Sept 04, and the main hallways and some of the drapery/furnishings were a bit run-down. Plentiful hot water in an older bathroom, and towels were clean and in abundance. No breakfast, but you have a decent studio kitchenette (ask for one of the larger studios on the first floor). If you are only used to the larger US chain hotels, you will probably not be comfortable at this site. If you are there to impress clients or friends with opulent surroundings, this is not the place to stay. If you'd rather spend your US dollars on other London attractions, or are on a real budget then consider this a good choice. -D.C., Philadelphia PA	
Mar 1 2005	Cheap digs at the RCA	It may be good value, but the room (studio) was extremely tiny and cramped. My second day I was overcome with noxious sewer gas in the room, and they gave me a different and larger room with no problems. The location is terrific, the kitchen outfitted well; but the apartments were not really clean- dingy, and pretty tattered with the usual problems with water pressure. I also think that I may have had some money taken- my fault as I didn't use the safe. I think there are better &quot;deals&quot; out there.	
Dec 1 2004	Don't go near it	There are few bargains on the London hotel scene, and this proves it. I booked in for just one night to be near Paddington Station, but I regret not paying more for a place where I could have even a modicum of comfort. A tiny room with a cooker and sink in the corner, a lumpy single bed which gave me the creeps wondering if it was clean, tatty decor, and the overpowering stench of a cheap air freshener. And to top it all - I hope you're not eating - the toilet bowl hadn't been properly cleaned after the last guest and I had to scrub it with the brush. Fortunately I spent the evening out and arrived back after a few drinks so I could bear to lie on the bed. Even so, I woke at 6am, showered, attempted to shave with the dribble of water coming from the taps, and got out. Awful, awful, awful. Don't go near it.	
Nov 7 2004	no fleas cant believe some of these reviews!	we stayed here from the 30th oct to the 5th of nov and we cannot believe some of the reviews about this hotel on here. We found it very cosy, great for the price and the location is fantastic. They even did our dishes for us while we were out and cleaned up the rooms even though we were very late leaving one day. The bed was comfortable, the microwave, 2 rings and fridge were fantastic, saving us money on having to eat out all the time. Its right around the corner from lancaster gate tube and a short walk from paddington so your only minutes from all the london sights. The truly beautiful hyde park is also literally just around the corner and we spent many lunchtimes walking around and enjoying one of the nicest inner city parks ive ever seen.We booked our room and then found the reviews on here and to be honest we were a little worried, but all fears soon dissapeared upon arrival. The staff were all genuinely helpful, although they have a strange system of dropping your room key off in the lobby before going out and then collecting it when you arrive back after they see your room id card, although its one less thing to have to worry about losing in london.the room was on a relatively quiet london street, although you did get some traffic, but we had 5 nights good sleep here and cant recommend this hotel enough if your looking for a cosy hotel with a a great price and location. We will be coming back :)	
Oct 21 2004	rather seedy	We stayed at the Royal Court Apartments from 16th-19th October 2004. Although the apartment was threadbare and needed some maintenance and modernisation, it represented good value for it's central London location. The apartment was cleaned everyday and clean towels supplied. It was pretty quiet and we had a good nights sleep in the comfortable bed. I wouldn't recommend this if you want luxury, but if you want a central location at low prices this is o.k.	
Oct 20 2004	We got flea bites! Avoid this place!	Room was dirty when we checked in and there was leftover food that left rotten in the refrigerator. Toilet tissue was everywhere on the floor.Worst of all, we got flea bites. What more can I say to convince you not to stay in this hotel.I have been to London several time and know the general hotel standard. But with £70 per night without breakfast, I could have get a better room elsewhere.	
Aug 18 2004	good value	We have just come back from staying at the Royal Court Apartments. After reading the reviews I was a little worried. However, it was excellent value for money some of the furniture was worn some looked very new. It was VERY clean plenty of towels soap etc. The staff helpful and polite. The location is excellent very close to Lancaster Gate Tube. Close to Hyde Park I would most certainly stay there again.	
Jul 6 2004	Disappointed	Got the apartment of the internet...how I wish I'd seen the reviews first! It is nothing like the pictures displayed on various web sites. The location is great, the staff are friendly and try their best to help but... the accommodation is very sub standard. On arriving in our first room, I was horrified! The place was dirty, dank and extremely depressing. The bathroom was like a broom cupboard decorated with mould. After walking round London for a few hours we decided we could not stay in the room, even if it meant losing our money and finding an alternative. After speaking with a very friendly member of the reception staff, we were given keys for an alternative room. Whilst not brilliant, this was a hundred times better. It was clean and comfortable, although still very dated. It is not worth the gamble and could certainly ruin your stay in London. For a few pounds more, you can find much better accommodation out there. I would avoid this like the plague..	
Jun 16 2004	Spacious and clean - consider the price!	We have been there with our 13 month old baby and did not get sick at all like one of the previous reviewers. The room was pretty spacious and the kitchen properly equiped. They cleaned the room daily and upon request even twice (a lot of dust come through the open window. And best of all: The room was very quite (window to the backside). We met there with my sister who is living in London and she was surprised how silent it can be in that city.To make a long story short: For that price it is really recommendable. We would definitely go there again saving the money others pay for an apartment for shopping on Oxfort street.	
Jun 13 2004	Satisfactory stay	Wow. It sounds like people have had some awful experiences here. My stay was perfectly fine!First off, I have to say that when I booked this location, it was listed as a 3 star facility. It's not, it's more a 2 star place. Some people complained about the rooms being freezing, ours was cooking! We kept the windows open most of the time there to keep the temperature manageable. The room was on the threadbare side, and I had some trouble with the shower (had a tough time stabilizing the shower head, and there was no hot water if you wanted to shower at odd hours of the night). Our in-room phone was out of comission. And once, when I went out very early in the morning, I had to wait outside for about 5 minutes before I was buzzed back in b/c the front desk attendant was away. But the room was cleaned every day, and I didn't find the bathroom cramped (full bath + shower). I thought the room was spacious, with a couch and a couple of chairs. All the promised kitchen equipment was there. The staff was helpful. I had a clean room in a very good location at a good price. I would definitely have stayed there again...after reading all the below reviews, I probably would still stay there again.	
Mar 24 2004	Reviews prepared me....not that bad	After reading the reviews here, I was very scared. But the place was not bad at all. The rooms were tiny, the matress left me with an achy back the next morning. But the room was clean, the staff was friendly, the shower was great and there was a decent microwave &amp; fridge in our room. Our experience was not at all unpleasant.	
Mar 8 2004	hyde park would me more comfortable		
Feb 15 2004	this place is horroble		
Oct 13 2003	Avoid like the plague!!		
Oct 12 2003	Royal Court was OK		
Sep 19 2003	Feral.		
Sep 11 2003	Was good at one time...		
Aug 14 2003	CLEAN?? CLEAN FOR A PIG STY!		
Jul 29 2003	Would stay there again		
Apr 26 2003	Careful with your belongings!		
Nov 25 2009 	Residence carino pulito ed accogliente...Consigliato!		
Nov 22 2009 	bon rapport qualité - prix		
Nov 16 2009 	Super Lage - aber Achtung bei der Buchung		
Nov 11 2009 	???????????????????????????		
Oct 7 2009 	consigliato		
Sep 22 2009 	Genau Richtig als Basis für einen Londonbesuch		
Aug 21 2009 	bon rapport qualité / prix		
Aug 18 2009 	Bien		
Aug 12 2009 	bien placé		
Aug 6 2009 	Pas mal		
Jun 23 2009 	speriamo che finiscano presto a rinnovare le stanze		
May 9 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Apr 24 2009	Jederzeit wieder		
Apr 7 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualita' prezzo		
Apr 4 2009 	Un buon sistema per conterne i costi del soggiorno		
Mar 16 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Mar 12 2009 	Génial !		
Feb 26 2009 	Céntrico fácil de localizar y económico		
Feb 26 2009 	Parfait !!!		
Feb 21 2009	Parfait		
Feb 6 2009 	Für einen mehrtägigen Aufenthalt in London ideal!		
Feb 2 2009 	Buena opción para conocer Londres		
Jan 19 2009 	???		
Jan 19 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix/emplacement		
Nov 23 2008 	Excelente relación calidad precio		
Nov 19 2008 	comodità e praticità a buon prezzo!		
Nov 9 2008 	desastrozo		
Nov 1 2008	Hôtel très pratique et très bien situé		
Oct 9 2008	Giudizio più che soddisfacente per il royal court apartments		
Sep 14 2008 	pasable......buena situacion		
Sep 11 2008 	Estancia agradable		
Jul 7 2008 	très bon rapport qualité prix		
May 7 2008	Muy muy buen hotel		
Apr 29 2008 	splendido soggiorno al RCA		
Apr 23 2008	Excepcional calidad-precio		
Feb 16 2008 	Hôtel fonctionnel et bien placé		
Nov 20 2007 	Apartamento Royal Court		
Nov 4 2007 	Tres bon choix		
Nov 3 2007 	uns hat's trotzdem gefallen		
Nov 2 2007 	He estado 3 veces y volvería al mismo sitio		
Sep 24 2006 	Literalmente comido por las chinches		
