Nov 14 2009 	Great affordable hotel in a perfect location	What a great hotel for a reasonable price. My room is lovely - quiet, good size and spotlessly clean. Everything is very modern and the showerroom is fab. I particularly liked the Club lounge where you can browse the internet and have tea and coffee for no extra charge. The real beauty is the location. It's so central and you can walk to so many of the good tourist spots. The only downside is that the hotel doesn't have a restaurant although I believe that is in progress at the moment. Highly recommended!	
Oct 21 2009 	Perfect retreat in the heart of the city	I stayed in this hotel last month and was incredibly pleased with everything. I was in a 'single' room but it was the equivalent of a double room in a regular London hotel. The reception is vast and clean and inviting. Just outside of the bustle of Trafalgar Square this is a classy hotel where anyone can feel welcome. The quality of the room was fantastic and I had a great night sleep in a comfortable (great quality) bed. I believe they're currently redoing the restaurant to be open soon but until then there are menus available for restaurants that deliver to the hotel. There are restaurants locally too of course!I used to stay in chain-hotels during my London visits but I'm hooked on this one and will be staying there again soon.	
Oct 15 2009 	great staff fantastic location and very fine room!	By far the best experience I could ask for. I was not seeking luxury; I just wanted a quiet good quality place to stay downtown, and The Grand is GRAND! I stayed on the 9th loor and I could see and hear Big Ben (but no street noise nor sound from neighboring rooms). The place is beautifully kept and extremely comfortable. What a fine place to stay right in the heart of London.	
Oct 12 2009 	Location can't be beat	Definitely a business hotel, but the location is so good that it will work for anyone. We stayed a week, and had no complaints at all. Room was modern and more spacious than what you usually get in London. We were on the street side, but high enough up so that the noise was not an issue at all.	
Oct 9 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	I was VERY pleased with the location being right in the heart of Trafalgar Square. The hotel was a short walk to several different tube stations and bus stops around every corner. The hotel was off a side street but you could see Trafalgar square if you walk out the hotel doors. Inside, the atmosphere was very business like. I was traveling with my husband so the lack of children was very nice. The room was very clean however the maids came at strange times, afternoon/evening hours. They offered free use of outlet adapters, which was nice since we are from the US and our pc power cords would not work without an adapter. Our flight arrived early am and we arrived at the hotel at about 9 am. They were kind enough to let us into our room very shortly after arrival even though check in was not until 3 pm, without any additional charge. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to London.	
Sep 21 2009 	Can't beat the location but it's defintely a 3 star hotel	The location of the Grand is perfect for anyone who wants to walk London. Westminster is a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Buckingham Palace is a 20 min walk. Shopping off Oxford St and Picadilly is also within a 15-20 min walk. The amenities are lacking, however. For example, there's no restaurant in the hotel, and the room service menu wasn't appetizing. The vending machines on the third floor (good luck finding them) also didn't work. We found our shower flooded the bathroom every morning and had to ask for soap from the staff. This hotel is definitely a three star. As long as you set your hotel room amenity expectations appropriately and hotel location is you #1 priority, you'll enjoy your stay.	
Sep 17 2009 	Perfect Stay for Young Traveler	My friend and I, both 22, took a trip through Europe after we graduated college. The first leg of our trip was to London, and staying at The Grand was an amazing way to start. Recommend 100%. I am type A and spent a lot of time being really particular and picky about where to stay and this place was the best choice!!!!First, we took the tube straight from Terminal 4 at Heathrow. Take the Piccadilly Line and Transfer to Circle or District Line to Embankment station. Literally a 3 minute walk later, you will find yourself at the hotel. When we arrived, we were kindly greeted and check in took maybe 5 minutes. Our room was amazing! Really comfortable bed with great sheets and pillows. High ceilings and windows, great, clean bathroom. We relaxed for maybe 20 minutes after our flight and headed straight out. One thing that definitely cool in London was getting a trip for the double decker tourist bus. This way you can learn about what you're seeing, and it includes a free river cruise (they serve beer on the cruise btw!!) We asked the front desk, and we were able to buy tickets straight with them. Even better, the bus stopped around the corner next to Pret a Manger. AND you get FREEE bottles of water to take with you from the hotel! We had WiFi and a free computer on our floor which was definitely a plus, to keep in touch with everyone back home.Step outside and you will find yourself in the center of London! We walked everywhere!!! Except Kensington or Harrods, that's what the bus was for. We took 2 trips just around the city on the bus and would get on and off randomly. NIGHTLIFE is RIGHT THERE!!! 10 minute walk to all the pubs in covent garden as well as clubs in soho and west end. Because trafalgar square is with people all the time we weren't scared to walk home at 3 am, and we even got dinner at 2 am and just hung out in trafalgar. Overall, amazing stay in London. This hotel really made the beginning of trip and it definitely helped us get to St. Pancras station on our ride over to Paris.	
Sep 16 2009 	Absolutely horrible service	We stayed here for six days. The location is fabulous - close to the Tube, to all the major sites, and that is probably the best part of this hotel. I'm surprised it's ranked at 56 in the London hotels, and i suppose it's because of the good price and the good location. But the hotel itself, despite its revamped look and renovations, once you go beyond the surface, is cheap, and with horrible service. The internet connecton is one of the reasons I chose the hotel, and 4 out of 6 days it was not working. Concierge service was non existent and when i asked for help looking for certain things i was given wrong directions (ie. sent to a restaurant that we spent 20 min walking to, only to find it had gone out of business a year ago!). Staff were NOT helpful, and when we arrived nobody helped us with our bags or even asked. We had a moth in our room one night - flapping about in the light fixture, an di didnt want to be blamed for damaging the fixture so called the hotel staff. They sent some effeminate young asian man who stood there scared out of his wits telling us he couldnt do anything because it was &quot;a live animal&quot;. They also said they had no rooms to transfer us to, and then told us &quot;we have no idea what to do&quot;. It was ridiculous. Almost laughable (we laughed afterwards), but at the time absolutely frustrating and anger inducing. Finally some decent handyman showed up and tried to find the moth but by tha ttime it had hidden itself elsewher (we found and killed it on our own the next day, it was the size of my fist!)anywyay...we travelled Europe for ONE MONTH and this was the worst hotel. I was surprised too, i honestly expected it would be very good considering it was a minute from Trafalgar Square.	
Sep 14 2009 	great location great hotel !	I enjoyed my stay here very much. Room was very clean, appropriate and i liked the fact that the staff previewed a little closet for guest self service, meaning that if i needed sugar, cream, coffee or a needle, i could go get it myself in the little closet - very smart! The only two things that are negative in this hotel are: 1) the whole hotel is made of wood which is awful because you hear everything that goes on upstairs. a group of jerks came back from a party at around 3 am slamming doors and walking with elephant steps and we had to call the reception for them to go say something! 2) there is no breakfast possibility and that is awful! who doesn't love breakfast? every room (well at least ours) had a little kettle and powder coffee, sugar, tea, etc so we had coffee with cookies in the morning... acceptable and cheaper but i would consider offering the possibility of breakfast to guests... continental please!voilà, otherwise, GREAT hotel !	
Sep 14 2009 	Just Fine!	Nice rooms, not minimalist but contemporary room design. No breakfast. Decent place to have meetings on the 2nd floor, and there are conference/rooms meeting rooms in the basement.	
Sep 1 2009 	Fabulous location and such a comfortable room	Such a wonderful location - right off Trafalgar Square. It could not be more convenient for Trafalgar Square, Whitehall or Charing Cross station.The room was wonderful, comfortable, clean and spacious. The bed was soooo comfortable - unlike so many hotels. There is a 24 hour Tesco direct about 20 yards away to buy any food, wine or supplies needed.Would definitely stay here again and got a good deal through the Trip Advisor search engines.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good Location But Breakfast Not Included	Be careful, breakfast is not included in the price of the room and is very expensive. £5 for a glass of OJ or a cup of Coffee. For the same price you can get a full breakfast in the &quot;Garfunkel's&quot; cafe just yards up the road.When we made our reservation there was no mention that the rate was roon-only and as such assumed breakfast was included (Every other hotel I have stayed in breakfast was included unless otherwise stated).This hotel is very much geared towards the business traveller, good for a weekend break, but I wouldn't spend a week here.Apart from that the location is perfect for a weekeend visit to london and even though it is only yards from Trafalgar square the street itself is not busy at all which means the rooms are very quiet. Charing Cross and Embankment tube stations are also yards away and between them you can get to anywhere in London. The London eye is a 5-minute walk away.The cold water and ice despencing machine on each floor were very handy when sightseeing. The national Gallery is on the oppsosite side of trafalgar square to the hotel and free entry.	
Aug 21 2009 	Location Location Location	Would I stay there again? Yes. Would I recommend to family and friends? Yes.Why? You're half-a-block from Trafalgar. If you are in London to site-see this is the Hotel. Alot of the reviews complain about size and the luxury of the hotel. Your in London! If I wanted to stay in a luxury hotel, I could find one a lot closer to home. The rooms were clean, no bathtub, but who wants to take a bath in a hotel anyway? Rooms reminded me of a small Best Western Hotel that you can find throughout the American West. Clean but nothing to write home about. For average Americans traveling to London you are not going to find a better deal.You can walk to everything and Embankment Station is a block away.Location, Location, Location. Step out your door and there is London. The London you are there to see.	
Aug 19 2009 	Comfortable room	The hotel seems to have fallen on hard times: a &quot;grand&quot; hotel with an echoing, empty lobby. Once you find the desk, though, the perfectly polite staff (the motivated young foreigners you find all over London) sends you up to well-furnished rooms. We didn't need the kitchen space for our overnight stay, but I was won over by the selection of reference books furnished in the room (what would I do without a dictionary and thesaurus in hand's reach). Remarkably quiet room for central London, and the &quot;Trafalgar Square&quot; in the name is not false advertising: it's a minute's walk to the corner.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great location - less than desired hotel accomodations	If your plan is to see London, this is an ideal location. It is in the heart of central London. However, if your plan is to see London and enjoy a nice hotel - this is not the place. Everything you might need is here, but in small quantities.If you leave the bathroom door open, you can't leave the room. If you leave the Armoire door open, you can't get to the bathroom and certainly not out the door - get the picture! Ice, pure water, and ironing board are shared commodities located in the middle of the floor near the lifts.I recommend only for those wishing to visit London and not expect an &quot;American Sized&quot; hotel room. And as for view? I think you have to pay extra.	
Aug 13 2009 	A bit "cheap"	This is a decent hotel that is completely updated, but with no frills. It was clean and adequate, but lacked any services. Our room was clean and modern, but the bathroom looked as if it was an afterthought added in the corner of the room. A hotel computer was provided free of charge, but the internet connection was horribly slow. The restaurant was not open yet. Towel service was extraordinarily slow. Probably the best feature of this hotel was its location right down the street from Trafalgar Square. The hotel was a good value, but just don't expect to be wowed. Once you scratch the surface, you realize there is an air of a cheapness here.	
Aug 10 2009 	Outstanding location!	Recently stayed at the Grand. When we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised by the grand exterior and outstanding location. If you are looking for a decent hotel which is in easy reach of most of London's attractions then this is the place! It is a minutes walk from Trafalgar Square, up the road from the Thames (and across from the London Eye), around the corner from Westminster which includes Big Ben, Downing Street etc. Located next to most of the theatres and down the road from Charing Cross Train Station. This is only to mention a few. The location is EXCELLENT! The hotel is small and I have to say that I was a little disappointed with the amenities and the size of the room. The room is small and shall we say cosy? We requested a fridge to be put into the room, however, this seemed to be a problem but four hours later a fridge arrived, it didn't work. There are stations on each floor where you can get fresh water and ice and stock up on the tea and coffee. The bathroms are small and only include a shower (powerful) and generally the rooms are very clean. I would not recommend the breakfast at the hotel £16 for a full english! Instead go to Garfunkels, only 30 seconds from the hotel and get a large english breakfast for two for the same price as one in the hotel's restaurant. There is also a Tesco on the corner next door to Garfunkels. The location cannot be faulted! Overall, I would stay here again. There is a fitness room if you need any more exercise after walking around London and the rooms are generally ok. You can upgrade to suites each night for generally £25 so maybe those rooms would have been more spacious? The price of suites will be advertised on the check-in desk. The staff are generally helpful yet a little distant. They would be described as efficient and professional. Overall a nice stay at The Grand, but for me, the location made it worth it. If you would like to see as much of London as possible in a short time, seriously consider The Grand!	
Aug 3 2009 	Very good location a good base for a weekend in London	For me, this was almost a perfect stay (minus the billing). The hotel is well located close to Trafalgar Square at a reasonable price. It's also close to the pier for the O2 express (I was in London for a concert in O2 and found that the express boat was the best way to get there).The single room was a bit small, but modern and very clean - and for a laptop user, very well equipped (complementary wi-fi/wired internet, monitor cable for the flat screen tv, sound cable for a laptop or mp3-player etc). Safe big enough for a mini laptop, coffee/tea maker in the room, iron/board, extra coffee/tea and chilled water to the rooms available in corridors. The room was air conditioned. The only downside was that the window was facing an opposite wall that was quite close, so there was absolutely no view, but that was quite alright for me, there was enough room to get daylight in anyway.Leaving the hotel, I was in a hurry to the airport, and did not notice, that they charged the VAT over the VAT inclusive price, so I ended up paying the VAT twice. I emailed them a couple of days later, and they corrected the mistake and refunded my credit card, so in the end, everything was ok.Definitely would stay here again.	
Jul 31 2009	Can't Be Beat!!	My daugher and I stayed a week at the Grand and really loved it. The front desk personnel were always there but low key which is what I prefer. My favorite feature is the free filtered water service near elevator. What a savings and so convient to grab some cold water on my way out. We felt very safe walking the streets even at night. This was our first trip to London and I couldn't be more impressed. I would definitely like to return.	
Jul 23 2009 	The BEST location in London!	My husband and I traveled to London for the first time and were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The hotel seems like more of a business hotel, however for our stay (7 nights), it was perfect. The location couldn't have been better. You are within walking distance to many of the main attractions that London has to offer. The rooms were nicely sized and very clean. A nice touch was the free water, which I had read about before staying there. It really came in handy on our daily ventures out and about. Our room also had a fridge, sink area, and microwave. The restaurant Prezzo, across the street from the hotel, is a great option if you get hungry and want some decent Italian food. There is also a more chain type restaurant, Garfunkels, which is also quite good. At the end of the street is a 24 hour market which we used quite a bit. St. James Park was located about five minutes away. It is such a nice park that one could spend the day there. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others who may be traveling to London for the first time. I would stay there again without a doubt.	
Jul 22 2009 	Superb Location	Stayed for 2 nights at this hotel with my girlfriend as we were going to see Chicago the musical and also wanted to do some sightseeing. The location i simply cannot fault. If you exit the underground at Charing Cross station, the hotel is a 2 minute walk away (and that includes time for crossing the roads!). There are loads of cafes, restauraunts and coffee shops nearby and most major tourist attractions are within easy walking distance (e.g. London Eye, Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Parliament, Buckingham Palace and of course Trafalgar Square etc etc). Anything else is catered for simply by catching the underground.The hotel itself featured a quick self check in, pleasant staff and was very clean. We stayed in room 307 which we found clean, spacious and quiet. A big plus was the walk in shower, which provided plenty of power after a hard days' sightseeing. When visiting London in the past we've usually stayed in the Premier Inn, County Hall next to the London Eye, which, although excellent in itself has one major flaw........no air conditioning. The Grand at Trafalgar square however, does not suffer with this problem. With the recent hot and stuffy spell of weather we've been experiencing, coming back to the lovely cool room was pure bliss. Another point to mention is that the air con unit was quiet, unlike some hotels where the units shake, rattle and roll and keep you awake at nights!One very useful thing i must point out is that the hotel provides free chilled water on each floor. There are even plastic bottles provided for you to fill up. This was a nice touch.We booked the hotel for a very reasonable rate and, considering the excellent, central location, it was all the more reasonable. Will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 6 2009 	fantastic	great hotel, great location. down side no fridge in the room. Staff very helpful and friendly.	
Jul 3 2009 	Club Quarters Rock!	We stayed at the Club Quarters. Booked a regular room then upgraded to Club Suite for additional 25 pounds on check in - they have a little board showing upgrades availabe for that night and cost - Brilliant!Everything was great and price very reasonable for such a fabulous location - you can walk just about anywhere.Recommend drinks at the Sherlock Holmes over the road and breakfast at the National Gallery restaurant.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location otherwise would never stay here again	Its true about location, fanstastic and in itself enough to warrant serious consideration. That aside, the staff at front desk were fanstastic but the hotel itself, which looks luxurious is actually not. Its very basic room with formica type counters and particle board desk built into the walls. No mini bar and room service, beers included ends at 11pm so if you get back from full day and looking for something, forget it. This is unacceptable for any hotel that claims to be an upscale hotel. Beds were hard and linnens basic. Lobby of course looks great but there is no real public place to go to other than a bar. Its not a large hotel with lots of public spaces. This place would never make it if it didnt have the location it does.	
Jun 30 2009 	Simply the best place to stay when in London!	We have stayed in the Grand at trafalgar square three times so far and would not think of staying anywhere else.10/10 for location10/10 for value10/10 for facilities.There is a 24 hours tesco on the corner, many bars and restaurants, all the sites on you doorstep. So easy to find your way about from this central point and many extras in this sleek hotel including free bottled water (I think free internet) great order in service, flat screen tv, movies on demand, great clean, elegant rooms.I can't think of anything more you could want and you can get some great rates also. The first time we got a queen room which was fantastic though the standard rooms we got the last two times were lovely too.I really recommend this hotel and can find no fault with it at all! Really great for a romantic weekend away or shopping break.	
Jun 30 2009 	The Best Value For The Money In London	I booked this hotel on line and had no personal reference to go by. I booked for the location, but was concerned about the quality of the hotel based on the price of the rooms. When the taxi drove up I thought I was at the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, what an amazing surprise. Once inside, the lobby was beautiful, the staff were extremely helpful and my room was ready even though I arrived before noon. The rooms were large and equipped with everything you would need, including electronic A/C controls and free internet access. The bathroom was much bigger than expected, with mirrors everywhere, a huge shower and it was spotless.The location was more than perfect. We walked to the Horse Guard in five minutes, to Buckingham Palace in 10 minutes, the theatre in 15 minutes, the Tube in two minutes and the Charing Cross train station in five minutes. The tour busses were available in front of the hotel and it was the best value I have ever had in Europe.	
Jun 24 2009 	Unbeatable location	The major selling point of this hotel is its fabulous location, situated a few minutes walk from Trafalgar Square in one direction and the Embankment tube station in the other. There’s also a 24hour convenience store a short walk away, which is brilliant for drinks, sandwiches and fresh pastries, and a pub right across the road. We arrived well before the stated check-in time and were prepared to leave our bags off and come back later but the friendly member of staff behind reception checked us in immediately with no problems, showing us how to use the self-service check-in, which works much like an ATM. Our room was clean and quite large for London standards, with a comfortable double bed, an easy chair and a desk with a computer chair. The closet was small and awkwardly placed in the corner; however it did contain removable hangers, a hairdryer and an umbrella, (which thankfully we didn’t need!) There was also a selection of books about London on the shelf. The bathroom was bright and had a wonderful shower, although the room tended to steam up easily. The bathtowels were also on the small side, but they were replaced every day. The TV also had a selection of music to listen to, which was a nice touch, but it was also supposed to have free internet access with a wireless keyboard supplied in the drawer, but this didn’t work during our entire stay. When I asked at reception if anything could be done, I was told to ‘try turning it off and on again’, and failing that, to use the computer in the lounge on the second floor. However, there was only one computer in this room and when I went to use it later than night there were three people waiting beside it. There was no offer of a complementary use of the Club Library – perhaps because I don’t look like a businessman.The ice and complimentary water on each floor is a wonderful idea , as is the ‘guest closet’, however this promised extra bedding and pillows should guests require them but during our stay only ever contained an itchy-looking blanket. We had minimal contact with staff, but when we did speak to them they were pleasant and always said hello, even the cleaning staff. We had no problems using the air-conditioning, however the fan was very noisy and took a while to turn off once you pressed the button – you probably couldn’t sleep with it on. We had a room towards the front and so were able to hear traffic and sirens all through the night, although this wasn’t the hotel’s fault. Checking out was as simple as checking in. For the location alone, this hotel would be hard to beat.	
Jun 23 2009 	Perfect location	The location right beside Trafalgar Square is the biggest selling point of this hotel.It would be extremely difficult to find a more central place to stay.Our favourite area in London is along the river and this is the closest we have ever managed to stay to the Embankment area.I have no complaints about the hotel which was exactly as described ,with a larger than normal room for London.However although it was a studio room with fridge &amp; microwave,cutlery and crockery were not supplied.A quick trip to M&amp;S got us picnic bowls &amp; cutlery for £3.The hotel may have supplied things if asked but as we didn't ask I can't say.No use repeating all the nice things others have said.Suffice to say we will stay again on our next visit to London.	
Jun 22 2009 	Fabulous!	I stayed just one night at The Grand.Friendly staff helped me with the electronic check in. Room was a nice size (especially for London) we had no trouble with outdoor noise, air conditioning was quiet too. very clean and modernly decorated. A staff member came to check that everything was ok and asked whether we needed anything too which was nice. Breakfast was included served in the restaurant downstairs, selection of pastries, eggs, bacon toast or cereal. If breakfast isnt included i wouldnt pay for it, there are plenty of much cheaper options nearby.Location is unbeatable for this hotel, its literally steps away from Trafalgar square, 5 mins on the tube from Euston Station.We walked to Covent Garden in 10 mins and is perfectly located for theatres and shopping and the sightseeing tours. There is free internet available on the 2nd floor, also free bottled water at various stations in the hotel which was handy. Tons of restaurants, shops, bars within a minutes walk. The area was still really busy on a Tuesday evening around 11pm and we felt safe walking around the area.	
Jun 22 2009 	Club Quarters is wonderful	Club Quarters Trafalgar Square is brilliant. Super efficient checking in and checking out facilities, free coffee, internet access and bottled water. The location was perfect with tube stations right outside the hotel and a little Tescos at the end of the street to pick up a few groceries.Clean rooms and our room had a microwave and fridge. Quiet rooms because the hotel is located down a side street . All in all a wonderful stay!	
Jun 13 2009 	What a great stay in London at the Club Quarters!	I recently stayed at the Club Quarters, Rockefeller Center, for one night in the spring. I was overwhelmed by my stay there and decided to try to get a room at the Club Quarters, Trafalgar Square. I think that this is one of the best locations that I have every been to in London for its access to so many interesting parts of town. I did, however, make a big mistake when I booked my hotel. When I saw the price (129), I thought that I had seen $, instead of £. That made a big difference in my price, especially with the 15% V.A.T. added. For three nights, I had to pay the equivalent of $630. That is a lot for a teacher, but I loved mostly every moment of my stay here. When I arrived, I was offered a free pass to the CLUB LOUNGE (for members only) on the first floor. I assumed that this was for the entire stay. After one day, the key no longer worked. This lounge and its snacks and hot drinks was one of the reason that I loved being here on the first day. This is a tactic that the hotel is using to get one to consider a membership. At the time, I was offered a six-month membership for 99£ ($163). The full year membership is around 140£. While I would have normally jumped on this membership, I thought of the V.A.T. tax (15%ish) and never really understood the explanation of the membership priveleges in the U.S. This kept me from buying a membership. The rates for members and friends/family are rediculous on weekends in some of the major cities. My room was beautifully decorated and immaculate. On each floor and in the lounges, one can get spring water and ice. In addition there is a closet on each floor so that one can remplinish any thing that is normally found in your room (coffee supplies, etc.) This is rare for any hotel.The wiresless internet was almost flawless and was a big draw to the hotel. There were also two lounges with computers that were free of charge. My only complaint(a small one) was the inability of the staff to keep some of the supplies replenished in the members' lounge. One of the nights, there was no more milk in the great coffee machine. After several attempts to remedy the situation, I gave up and found out that the milk was not added, even at 11 am the next morning. On my last night at the hotel, there were no more clean coffee cups for the coffee machine. I would think that keeping this area well stocked would be a priority for the hotel staff, in light of the fees that members and their corporate offices pay for access to the Club Quarters chain.I already mentioned that the area around the hotel was very lively.There is a restaurant attached to the hotel and a GARFUNKELS restaurant very close by. The food was good and relatively inexpensive for London. There is an all-night store on the corner which was a God-send. All-in-all, I had a wonderful stay. While I did not use the exercise room, I thought that it was really nice and very clean. Don't forget to ask for a pass to the members' lounge on the first floor. For coffee lovers, it is wonderful. I could not afford to get a starbucks coffee during my stay-just too many £.	
Jun 13 2009 	Nice Hotel	The hotel was perfect for our stay. The room was very modern and clean. The staff was polite and informative. We took a taxi from Victoria Station to the hotel for 8 pounds. Trafalgar Square, and the Thames pedestrian bridge are less than a block away. We were able to walk every where (Westminster Abbey, Parliament, Leicester Square, Piccadilly circus, Temple Church. This came in handy due to the 'Tube' strike that occurred during our trip. We walked across the pedestrian bridge to the London Eye pier and rode a riverboat to the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. We had breakfast the first two mornings in the hotel, but expensive compared to cafe's that are close by. We took car service to Victoria Station when we left, but due to the Tube strike it cost twice the amount. However, it was worth the convenience. We reserved the car early the day before we departed and that was the only way to get car service due to the high demand with no Tube. Remember, when you arrive at Gatwick airport just hop on the 'Gatwick Express' train to Victoria station and buy your train tickets on board with your credit card. Don't wait in a line. It is only a 30 minute ride. The Gatwick express cost us 58 pounds for two adults with return (round trip). The trains are expensive, but cheaper than car service for the distance.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great value hotel in perfect location.	Close to the subway right in the heart of Trafalgar Square, a really great location. We had a twin room, perfect size and great shower! Thats all you need from a city-break hotel. There is a Garfunkels a few doors down which was great for a budget breakfast. Only a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden (in heels!) and the same from the London Eye. Only about 45 mins from Heathrow to the nearest tube which is just accross the street. Definately couldn't beat it for price, only £109/room in June.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very Nice/Great Location	I stayed here for 5 nights last week. I got a great deal on Orbitz so it was worth changing from my normal spot. The hotel is easy to get to from LHR on the tube to Leicester Sq and walk or switch to Northern Line - either way works. I had a single room which was actually a double bed. The room was more spacious than I expected (based on normal London rooms). It was modern with nice furniture and a flat panel TV (which got about 20 channels). The bathroom was decent size with a shower only. Housekeeping seemed good. I never heard my neighbors (which is important especially when I sleep late occasionally).A friend visited the room and also commented on how nice it was.overall, if I got anotehr great deal - I would stay here again.	
Jun 9 2009 	Don't bother...	Dark room looking out at dirty wall with stack pipe - had to keep light on all day!very uncomfortable sofa bed, whhich hurt my daughters back.Promised Queen sized bed was just a double push up in the corner of the room.Told some customers request this type of room -yeh right!Also told this was my fault because I did not tell them.Customer service absolutely appalling especially from Terna. - basically saying we had your money now clear off!.Not exactly worthy of the name &quot;The Grand&quot;Just as well it was only one night	
Jun 7 2009 	Nice Hotel outstanding location	Hotel was clean, Rooms bigger than expected for the location. The laundry facility was free. The location was super, a short walk to Trafalgar square and two tube locations. Could not ask for more for the price paid.	
Jun 6 2009 	Will definitely stay here again and again...	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in late April and early May 2009 as a result from good reviews from tripadvisor. Weather was excellent but unpredictable. It was mostly sunny w/ breeze and sprinkled for short time. But this is perfect weather for walking. We were pleasantly surprised how clean and new the hotel looked. We asked for a quiet room because we're both light sleepers. Our room card key used in the elevator brought us to our 6th floor room. We opened our door to a clean, spacious and modern room. The tv screen even displayed a welcome message with my husband's name on it. We used the tv screen with a provided remoteless keyboard (found in desk drawer) to access internet. Free internet was provided and we printed our boarding passes. After unpacking and freshening up we went to get free clean drinking bottles with free cold, filtered water to take on our short walk to Trafalgar square (1 minute from hotel and Charring Cross metro stop). It's also where National Gallery and National Portrait is located. There's a Tessaco (equivalent to USA's 7 Eleven) on the corner open 24/7. We bought breakfast/drinks here early in the mornings because the Brits don't start breakfast until 9am. We searched around and all breakfast places open at 9am. The only one close to the hotel was the hotel restaurant but we thought it was over priced. We ended up eating one morning at Porky's Pantry which is 3 blocks from the hotel. It is owner runned so the service and food was good as well as the price. I ordered a country breakfast with grilled tomatoes, toast, eggs, juice for $5 USD. Boots (equivalent to USA Walgreens) is located a few steps away. We bought nail clippers and men's in-sole gels for my husband's aching feet. The walk to Parliment and Westminister was 5 minutes, The Eye was 7 minutes, and Buckingham Palace 10 minutes. We ate burgers and spaghetti at Garfunkels which was next to the hotel. We also had fish and chips at a Pub around the corner. The food was good at all the places. We would always refill our water bottles when we got back to the hotel. The only time we took the metro, besides to the Heathrow, was to the British museum, Kengsington Palace, Picadilly Circus, Covenant Gardens, Tower London Bridge, and St Paul's Cathedral but these places were just a few stops away and we were there before we knew it. The metro is very easy to navigate. We never got lost and signs were posted everywhere. We bought a 3 day pass and 1 way ticket from heathrow to our hotel at the airport. We would DEFINITELY stay here again if we return to London. The location is safe and close to everything. British are friendly people but they smoke way too much. We got back to USA and relative said we smelled like smoke (both nonsmokers) at the airport. I washed both our jackets when we got home. We used tripadvisor to book our hotels for Paris, Venice, Rome, Athens, Cairo, and Luxor and Tripadvisor was right on the mark. We will always refer to it when we travel from now on.	
Jun 4 2009 	No better location nor value in London	We stayed several nights at this hotel in late May 2009 and recommend it without hesitation. When we arrived at 1:00 AM they did not have our room (guests had failed to leave) but before my heart stopped beating , they apologised profusely and sincerely, arranged other accomodation at a nearby hotel ( they paid the difference), called a cab, put us into it and pressed cash in my hand for the return cab next morning AND &quot;for the inconvenience&quot;. When we returned at 9:00 AM next morning we were immediately shown to an upgraded room. Room was spacious with a view to Big Ben and other sights, included a mini fridge and microwave. The location cannot be beat , and is literally a 60 second walk to Traflagar Square and the geographic center of London. Pubs and restaurants abound, as well as all services a tourist could require. La Cage aux Folle is in the theatre 60 seconds away in the other direction, and transportation links abound in a similar radius. For the excellent price we paid I rather expected little service but was constantly amazed at how helpful all staff were...down to spending 15 minutes on their computer finding and helping us purchase the best deal on a train ticket to Oxford one day. Unbeatable!	
Jun 2 2009 	RACIST	My trips were usually with my friends at UniversityEvery time we visited , my friends (Europeans) were getting &quot;1 night free stay coupons&quot;,I was the only one who never got the the &quot;free stay coupons.&quot; in 5 visitsThe same incident happened with another Asian mate.	
May 23 2009 	Amazing Hotel Experience	This hotel rocks!!! The location is perfect, close to everything.... Trafalgar Square is a 30 sec walk away and Enbankment with the London Eye is less than a 5 min walk. The rooms are a good size, the bed is very comfortable. The front desk staff very helpful. The free water dispenser with the plastic bottles on each floor a major plus... considering how expensive London is! Very clean hotel, the wifi and ipod connections a bonus. Also first hotel where the cleaning staff actually leaves the air conditioning on when you have it on. I would definitely stay here next time in London. Loved every aspect of it.	
May 18 2009 	Great Location 	I staid there for 2 days April 24-26. The location is just great (about 100 meters from Trafalgar Square) and the price is very attractive, especially with the current exchange rate. The rooms are very clean and compared to other hotels I have seen in London, very, very clean with a comfortable bed. Ok, do not expect to have too much space but it is ok. I had a room to the backyard which was really quiet. Staff proved to be very helpful when I asked questions. Breakfast is provided next door at a very reasonable price. Therefore I can only recommend it and will also try other Club Quarter hotels.	
May 17 2009 	Perfect location quality hotel	About only 50 yards from Trafalgar Square, this hotel is nigh on perfectly placed for visiting London. A steady 10 minute walk would put you in the heart of theatreland, a further 15 would see you all the way to the main shops on Oxford Street (if that floats your boat). The hotel lobby isn't the brightest I've ever seen, but the rooms are large (by London standards) clean, and the one we were allocated had the biggest bed I've ever seen. Ever. The bathroom was quite small, with no bath but with a large walk in shower, again very clean and modern. I'd definately use again.	
May 14 2009 	Business hotel with bonuses and great location	The pictures and reviews are all accurate. The hotel decor is newly renovated and modern and the front desk personnel are very helpful and accommodating (we were able to check-in before 11am). The best thing about the hotel was the location, which is literally steps away from Trafalgar and is near both the Charing Cross and Embankment underground stops. We stayed from April 27-May 3, 2009 in a standard room (617) that overlooked Northumberland Ave. The room was quiet and had a comfortable queen bed as well as a microwave and refrigerator that came in handy for late night snacks and cold drinks. The bathroom was also renovated with just a large shower (we're not bath people anyway). London was cold (55-67F) but the room was always comfortable with the adjustable thermostat located at the bedside. The housekeeping staff was also very attentive, refilling toiletries and providing extra pillows and towels when requested. We also liked the free filtered water dispenser, which was located near the elevator and really saves a lot of money for those who insist on having bottle water to take while exploring the city. The free wi-fi worked great and we had access to the &quot;living room&quot; on the 2nd floor with one computer (those that are &quot;Club Members&quot; have their own lounge in the first floor), the fitness center in the basement was nice and the equipment worked great (some free weights, elliptical machines, bikes, treadmills, a weight-stack machine, as well as a water dispenser/bottles, and towels) but should be open 24hrs instead of closing at 9pm. We even used the free washer and dryer located on the 3rd floor (we brought dryer sheets from home and bought detergent from Boots store or you can buy it from the front desk),which saved us from packing a lot of clothes for our 2 week European trip. The Tesco (convenience store with fresh breads, as well as some prepared and microwave foods) was open 24hrs and located on the corner, while there was another small store near the Embankment station or the Mark Spencer near Charing Cross station. For those on vacation, the Hop-on/Hop-off bus tour stops are very close (one company stops right in front of the hotel). We walked everywhere, all the way to SOHO and Oxford Street and minutes away from Westminster Abbey, London Eye, Big Ben, etc. It is true the the hotel primarily caters to business travelers and there is no concierge, but a tourist center was within walking distance. There's no place to sit in the small lobby, but there is the 2nd floor &quot;living room&quot; with computer and large flat screen TV. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant (expensive Italian fare), but there are tons of restaurants nearby. The security elevators that require you to use your room key card to go to your floor takes multiple tries before it worked, which does get irritating. We would return again to this hotel.	
May 6 2009 	very good stay without hasitation	stayed with my wife in the hotel for 9 days in April. The pros= excellent location, just off Trafalgar Square, which is a very central point with millions of buses passing by and within walking distance for other important places in London such as Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square, covent garden, the river, Parliament Square, London Eye etc and also 2 underground stations very very close.Very modern hotel, quiet and well equiped with free wi fi internet (and also a free printer in the second's floor lobby)Cosy room with convenient desk and television with lots of channels and also music and radio.free tea and coffee to make in the room, also refrigarator and microwave.free water refill and ice (very important, water is the most stupid money i spend when travelling abroad), also a storage with iron, coffee, tea etcbathroom ok.lots of cafes and restaurants around and a 24 hours TESCO at the corner (very useful).cons= a little bit hot, but air condition ok after 5 minutes.didn't like the cover of the bed, very heavy and uncomfotable.didn't clean very well. one day i found my pijamas on the floor and when we left we found the room a little bit dusty.overall, definately positive impression and value for money considering location and status of the hotel. next time in london would surely stay at this hotel again.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent Location	This hotel is located just off Trafalgar Square. It is comfortable and quiet with a good nights sleep promised after a long day of sight seeing. The restaurants located around here are ok with a good choice of food available. If you would rather something more cheap and cheerful, head towards Leicester Square where a vast variety of cusine awaits you. The downside to this hotel is the bathroom, it is quite small but is clean and newly decorated. The staff are not overly-friendly either and are not prepared to help you with any questions that you may have for sight seeing/directions etc. There is a tourist office located nearby which is great and staff there are extremely helpful. The guest rooms are fully equped wtih internet access which is a great bonus for anything you wish to find and of course is free of charge! They are newly decorated and are very comfortable. I would definitly stay here again.	
May 4 2009 	Great location right in the heart of London	This hotel is literally a thirty second walk from Trafalgar Square. The rooms we had (3 in total) were beautifuly decorated and clean. One of the rooms had a fridge and microwave. The staff were extemely helpful and nothing was too much trouble.	
May 4 2009 	PERFECT in every regard	This was my fourth trip to London and this was the perfect place to stay. Close to everything, pleasant and helpful staff, and really new and clean!! The room was just as pictured. I would not call the interior upscale but everything is very functional and spacious. I plan to stay here again when I return to London in the future.	
Apr 28 2009 	Brill location.....	Perfect hotel for a weekend taking in a show, the usual London tourist things and wandering round the city. Great links via the tube, plenty pubs, restaurants and cafe's round about and just a stones throw from a walk along the Thames. The room was good for us with a view of Big Ben and the London Eye. Like other hotel rooms it is not completely sound proof but noise was not too bad. I think the check in/out service is perfect if you are in a hurry and reception always willing to help. Anything we wanted extra for the room was delivered pdq! Water and ice machine on each floor was a great touch and also the cupboards on each floor containing extra pillows, coffee, toiletries and soap was a real find. Would stay again without hesitation and even though it was slightly over the price we would pay for a weekend hotel it was worth every penny.	
Apr 25 2009 	Perfect locations great rooms definately worth the money.	It took me two weeks of looking through reviews to find this hotel. It was a little more expensive but definately worth it. I was expecting a small room based on all the reviews. We had a huge room which included a fridge and microwave, bed was king size, great view and very clean. Free water bottles to use each day as well. Absolute best part is that is centrally located at Trafalgar Square. It is right next to the Embankment Station which could get you anywhere you needed to be. Next time we visit we'll stay here again. Walking distance to Buckingham palace, Big Ben, The london Eye, Leister square, the British museum. If you go I highly recommend seeing Wicked. Sherlock Holmes pub almost across the street with lots of restaurants/pubs within a 10/15 minute walk.	
Apr 22 2009 	An overall great place to stay	Don't want to repeat all other reviews, but need to say the location is absolutely perfect. Plenty of good places to eat nearby. The Sherlock Holmes pub is a wonderful place for a drink or a meal. Everything one might want to see or do is close or easily reached by buses or tubes located very nearby. The hotel was great in every way. The water bottle service, the cleanliness and the efficiency of easy check-in and outs. The free internet access worked fine with no hassles at all. Two small things that could be irritating. The room was consistently hot but opening the window seemed to cool it a bit and the card key needed to move the elevator was sometimes tricky to work. Other than that, the place was perfect for my stay and I will try to book it again for each visit to London.Tip: St. Martin in the Fields Church has wonderful free concerts and a cafe in its Crypt that has excellent food at a good prices all day. Its right on Trafalgar Square and within a two blocks of this great hotel.	
Apr 21 2009 	Quiet and Clean!	Hotel is in great location - walking distance to everything. People at the front desk were helpful and very nice. The room was very homey - and very comfortable. I wish I had brought the bed back home...I enjoyed my stay and thought it was amazing. There's complimentary laundry and you can use the computer/internet in the lobby area.	
Apr 19 2009 	The Grand... an unexpected delight with city vibe	The Grand exemplifies London... an old but elegant Victorian building housing a contemporary, modern hotel. The location is ideal; it is the center of London full of life with the city vibe. The room clean &amp; hot. The hotel's heating/cooling system is such that either the heat or air conditioning can be used but, not both simultaneously. We were there in April so heat on; A fan was provided. Filtered at water &amp; washer/ dryer was great. Breakfast at hotel was rip off at 12 pounds for continental.	
Apr 15 2009 	Very Unique Hotel Concept	My partner and I found this hotel a refreshing change. When we booked club quarters we only chose it based on its price and good reviews. When we arrived we were surprised to find that there is minimal staff at the hotel. Instead, check in and out are via a cash point style terminal which despenses your room key. Very convienent-no waiting around at reception. The room was compact but excellent. We had great views out towards the Square, a little desk at the window, decent amount of storage space and a really well designed bathroom. It felt almost like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel which really suited us. There is a little room with a vending machine, chocoholics beware! And also a washing machine for guest use. On each floor there is a supply of water bottles and water and ice available-great to take out with you when sightseeing etc. The location is fantastic. This was our first time staying in Trafalgar, we normally stay near Kensington but this was such a convenient location and right next to the underground station. In all a great hotel, cant wait to return!	
Apr 6 2009 	Fantastic location charming boutique hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights with my partner. The location of this hotel helped made our trip awesome. We were right in the centre of London, walking distance to the theatre district, with many restaurants and bars right around us. I'd highly recommend staying in this hotel to anyone travelling to London for the same purpose as us - sightsee, theatre, fun. Free internet in the room was a bonus.	
Apr 6 2009 	service was terrible would never stay there again!	having booked this hotel for £110.00 per n ight for 1 night it was not what i expected the staff were slow and totally un helpfull, service was really poor and i would not recomend anyont to stay there! upon arrival my room was not ready and none of the rooms have a bath ?! there was no tea bags or milk in the rooms and one lrg 1 sml towel between 2 people ? When i asked the hotel tobook a taxi for me when going out for dinner , they told me it would be 5-10 min ... i waited for 25 ! when i got into the taxi i went on a 4 min journey to the top of the street to be told it was £20.00 !!!!!! when i questioned this ridiculour price i was told it was the hotel commision thats why it was so expensive ?? On my return to the hotel i explained the taxi fair had been a totall rip off and asked about the commision, and in fact why i was not told by the hotel that it was a high fair and why they took comision from the guests? the man on reception quite abruptly told me it was my own fault and they dont have a responsibility to there guests to tell them , and that he was not willing to discus commision rates with me ... utterly disgusting customer servise !! There was alos no proper bar area just 1 restaurant which searved breakfast at £15.00 per head !	
Apr 2 2009 	Perfect Location 	We stayed at the hotel for a weeks holiday in March and luckily the sun shown the whole week. Our overall impression of the hotel was that it was spot on for what we needed. If you are not bothered by seeing lots of hotel staff and maids pestering to clean your room, this is the hotel for you. Everything is very self service, but saying that, the staff were very attentive when you need them to be. You can do self service check in and out. We arrived early and was able to get to our room. We opted for a suite with a mini kitchenette. It was very useful, but all you get in it is a microwave, fridge, a kettle, set of plates/bowls and cutlery. Saying that, you dont need it as everything is on your doorstep. We used it to make our own breakfast and store snacks/drinks. The room was a reasonable size. Large bed, enough storage for the 2 of us, a double sofa that was an extra bed. Large work space/desk and plasma tv. Sky Sports on the TV which was a bonus! The bathroom was small, no bath just a walk in shower but perfect for what you need. There were a couple of bad things by the end of the holiday did annoy us and that was the fact our view was rubbish! We were looking out into a small gap between the hotel, so looking onto another building of the hotel which made it feel quite clostrophobic. The room was also roasting. The air conditioning didn't do very much and it was very noisy. Saying that, I am sure if we complained we would have been moved. The room was very clean and cleaned every day. There is a nice touches with the distilled water and ice machines on every floor. This was really handy. They provide plastic bottles for you to fill with nice chilled water. There is also a guest cupboard that provides extra pillows, iron/iron board and things like tea bags, coffee, sugar etc. On the 3rd floor is a laundry room that is free to use with a washing machine and tumble dryer - I think you would need to provide your own washing powder. In the same room is a vending macine. There is free wireless in every room. We used this and never had a problem with it. The hotel offers room service from the restaurant attached but the menu is limit, we didn't use it, however they also have a take away option. Its a company called Deliverance which caters for all tastes, Thai, Chinese, Indian, European, Italian, Mexican etc. You can pick from all the menus and the company will deliver your order to the hotel. You can charge it to your room, but the hotel also add on a tray charge. We stayed in one night and had a delivery and the food was really nice - thats when the plates and cutlery came in handy from the kitchen. Any time we phoned guest services for anything, they were very nice and arrived at our room quickly (for extra toilet roll, a wine opener &amp; extra glasses). Outside the hotel, you are literally on Trafalgar Square. In the full week we were there, we didn't use the tube once and walked everywhere. There is a 24 hour tesco a minute walk away and also a Marks &amp; Spencer food hall. Covent Garden is about a 5 minute walk away. We ate in a really nice Thai Restaurant called Thai Square - its about a 3 minute walk from the hotel. We also went to the Albannach Doon nightclub 2 min walk - some very expensive cocktails but great.We had 1 drink in the Sherlock Holmes bar, a double Jack Daniels &amp; Coke and a double vodka with lemonade - £16!!! Down to the right of the hotel you are literally on the river and at Embankment Pier. We went to a concert at the 02 and you can get on the Thames Shuttle boat from Embankment straight to the 02 and return after the concert - it was perfect and a fiver each way and you get a drink on the boat. It takes about 30-40 minutes but a great way to see some sights to. We also used the hotel to pre-book taxis which are then set at a fixed price - which is good for London, especially when you are stuck in traffic. It cost us £79 for 4 people to Heathrow from the hotel for a larger car. All in all, I would say it was a perfect trip/hotel despite our small niggles with the view and heating. The total hotel cost was approx £1200 for 7 nights in the upgraded suite which for where the hotel is located and quality of the hotel I thought was very reasonable. If you want to know anything else, please just contact me as I could write so much more.	
Mar 30 2009 	The perfect hotel in the best location	My husband and I stayed at the Grand at Trafalgar March 22-29, 2009. The hotel is beautiful on the outside and the inside. The exterior is historic and ornate (which we love about London buildings) and the rooms are modern and comfortable, with plenty of amenities. The best of both worlds!Check in was a breeze, and the staff were very helpful when we asked for directions to a nearby restaurant. Our room was very clean, and maid service came even when we got off to a late start. We really enjoyed the complimentary bottled water (helpful to have when you're walking 12 hours a day). The guest computer came in handy for checking in for our outbound flight and checking the weather. The hotel was very quiet, even though I think it was fully booked.As the other reviews have mentioned, the location can't be beat! The first 3 days of our trip we were able to walk everywhere we went: Buckingham Palace, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Churchill Museum/Cabinet War Rooms, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, National Gallery. There's a Tesco Express on the corner where you can get snacks (similar to a gas station store) and one of our favorite places to go was Garfunkel's Restaurant (next door to the hotel). They have excellent breakfast combos and the prices can't be beat! The two of us had hearty breakfasts (fried eggs, rashers of bacon, hash browns) each day before heading out. The total for both of us was about 11 pounds. Well worth it. Originally I considered staying at the Sofitel London St. James, since it's in the same vicinity, but now I know I made the right choice. The Grand at Trafalgar offers similar quality (except there's no doorman) at a fraction of the cost. We are definitely staying here the next time we visit London.	
Mar 30 2009 	I cant wait to return!!	When I was planning my first trip to London the most important things to me were that the hotel was clean, comfortable, and in a good location, and this hotel more then delivered! The price was amazing for the location, you are merely a 1 minute walk from Charing Cross Station to get pretty much anywhere you would want in London. When you walk out of the front doors you can see Nelsons Column in Trafalgar Square, and all the activity down there, it really is a top notch location. Check in was easy and quick, and while I will say that the reviews about not really seeing a lot of staff or it being like a standard check in at a hotel is true, but it didn't impede the check in or out, and never had a need for anything else from them so it didn't bother me at all. We stayed on the 8th floor and I was impressed by the size of the room. I was imagining that it would me very small, but it was comfortable and very tidy. Would have been nice to have a tub or a bigger shower, but overall you will be pleased with the room accommodations that they offer. The only “complaint” I would have would be that no matter how low the cool setting on the air conditioner was the room seemed to stay very warm. Luckily it was spring like weather when we were there and simply leaving the window solved that problem.As a hotel manager I feel I have more expectations then most, and they have been more then met! I cannot wait to return to London and stay again at this property. Do not hesitate to have a great London experience and stay here.	
Mar 24 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	My wife and I stayed at the Grand for a week, and it exceeded our expectations. I had been to London once before, and didn't think that it was possible to stay at a hotel as nice as the Grand for the price, and I was happy to be wrong!The Grand has obviously done some recent renovations, and they are all very tasteful, clean and contemporary. Our room had new linens, comforters, furniture, bathroom sinks, showers, etc. In addition, the room came with free WiFi and even a keyboard with an interactive flat-panel television for checking email, though it took some getting used to. I'm a big guy (6'2&quot; and 260lbs) so I appreciated the size of the bathroom and shower. The shower head is about 7' high and the water comes out strong, with a removeable shower head. Room service was efficient, replacing only towels left on the floor, and always replenishing other supplies. The hallway provided free bottled water and a tap with cold spring water as well as ice, and the second floor contains a large lounge area with comfortable tables and seating, as well as a hotel desktop that provides free internet for all guests. The newly decorated lobby included marble tiling, and is very pretty - though small - when you first step in. A doorman would be a nice, and appropriate, touch out front, but would probably drive the price up a notch. There is a small bar/restaurant attached to the hotel called Obika, which seems to specialize in Mozzarella treats and cocktails, but it was always empty and the waitstaff didn't seem eager to bring us in.	
Mar 18 2009 	Worth every penny !	This is a gem of a hotel located in the best area possible:10 min. from the Big Ben &amp; the parliament20 min. from Buckingham palace15 min. from Piccadilly Circus20 min. from the West end10 min. from the London's eye20 min. from the Tate modern20 min. from Covent GardenApart from this this is a high standard hotel with a large comfortablefoom size with Kitchen the staff were very attentive &amp; helpfullin all and all; the value for your money is great !I would probebly stay there the next time I'm in London	
Mar 16 2009 	great hotel with only 2 negatives	just returned from a weekend at this hotel arrived at 11pm sat morning and was able to book in to our room right away however I will mention the negatives first, when entering the lift another couple already occupying the lift, was having trouble with their key card and we ended up having to get out of the lift at another floor and take the stairs to our floor. this also happened to us another 2 times even though we eventually managed to get the lift going after a few attempts. the only other negative was the heat in the room. no matter what we did with the aircon or how far we opened the windows we could not cool the room down but to be fair it was 17 degrees in london on the sunday after we arrived. Also friends that had travelled with us had booked a studio through venere and were given a double room but the receptionist deducted the money from their bill. now the pros well as mentioned before we got our room right away with no hassle with electronic check in. the room was modern and clean and average size for a couple just wanting somewhere to sleep and wash for a few nights. we had a microwave and a fridge in the room and cold water and ice machines on each floor ( maybe this was to compensate for the heat in the rooms ) staff were always helpfull and polite. no hassle again at check out and were able to leave our bags in a secure place for a few hours at no extra cost. also location was great for all sights and the west end. I would definately return if the heating could be sorted out as this hotel was great value for money ( 102 pounds including vat for 1 night )	
Mar 12 2009 	Very good value for money in a top location!	Stayed in the Club Quarters for a weekend end of Feb 09. Booked the hotel, due to the good reviews on TripAdvisor and the location just right at Trafalgar Square.The rate was very low at £84 per night excl. VAT. I arrived from London City Airport and took the DLR to Canning Town, then the Jubilee line to Waterloo and then the Bakerloo line to Charing Cross. Sounds a bit complicated but it was pretty easy and took around 30minutes. The hotel is just around two minutes away from the station and just near the hotel is a TESCO express where you can buy snacks and drinks etc.Check-in was swift at the check-in machine and I got room 733. The room was a bit small but after all it's London and as I was travelling alone it was fine. The decor was modern and everything seemed new and in good condition. There were many nice features in the room and I especially liked the fact, that I could plug in my iPod and listen to it, through the TV. The bed was comfortable and the shower had a good water pressure. Houesekeeping did a good job during my stay and I didn't encounter any problems with the staff. Oh and another good thing, they have free WIFI.Of course it goes without saying that the location is just GREAT. About 5min away from Piccadilly Circus and China Town and from Charing Cross you can get to almost everywhere in London very easily.I'm returning to London this year at least once and will definitely chose Club Quarters.	
Mar 9 2009 	Nice Hotel Great Location	The Grand is a nice, clean hotel with great amenities, but more importantly- it's location in central London is fantastic. It is right smack in the center of things. It is also a half a block from the river- if you are a runner, the path along the river is fantastic. The hotel had complimentary water bottles along with a machine on each floor so that you may fill up your bottle as often as you like. The gym was well-appointed as well. The location of this hotel really gave us a good feel of the city. We had stayed at a hotel in Kensington at the start of our trip... and it was too residential of an area. Trafalgar is a busier area, but everything is within walking distance. I really enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Location	Great location. Big &amp; clean room - great service by staff. only minus is that there was a bit cold in the room, had problems getting the heat up and there was not a minibar in the room.	
Mar 5 2009 	3rd time around its still a charm	Can't get enough of this hotel. This is our third stay at Club Quarters Trafalgar Square in 8 months - all for leisure. If you love being in the centre of it all, this is the place to stay. The hotel is across the street from Trafalgar Square, National Portrait Gallery, Canada House, and the National Gallery. Its 5 minutes from Convent Gardens, Leceister Square, theatre district and 8 minutes from SOHO, Chinatown &amp; Piccadilly. If you walk in the opposite direction towards Embankment, you're 5 minutes away from the London Eye, Dali Universe, the National Defence and Westminister Abbey!Embankment &amp; Charing Cross Tube stations are both within 3 minutes.Tesco Express is at the corner along with many other cafes and restaurants!Love it!	
Feb 27 2009	Very disappointing end to our stay	We enjoyed the hotel itself - the location was great, the rooms were a decent size and very clean. Considering its location, the hotel is great value for money. However, we experienced a few problems. Firstly, it seems the wireless internet is not available in all rooms. Those furthest away from the elevator seem to be too far away, meaning I had to stand in the hallways near the lift to send/receive emails. But this alone wasn't a major inconvenience. Our main problem was on the morning of departure. The staff member recommended we get a taxi to Leicester Square (on the Piccadilly line so no line changes required to Heathrow) due to our heavy suitcases and the likelihood of rain. He booked the taxi for us. Not only was the taxi not an official one - it was just a regular car, no taxi markings. It could have been simply a friend for all we know. The driver took us through Piccadilly, then to the back of Leicester Square meaning we still had to walk to the tube stop anyway! Already fuming, we were charged 13 pounds ($A30) for a 3 minute trip at 6am! Almost as much as the shuttle direct to the airport. We paid the fare as we just wanted to get out of there. I emailed the hotel shortly after to complain and was told my complaint was forwarded to the manager who would reply shortly. I have never received a response. Despite the hotel itself being nice, I would never, ever stay here again - simply as a matter of principle. Not to mention the hotel doesn't even have the courtesy to respond or provide an explanation. Very poor form.	
Feb 21 2009 	Good place to stay!	Stayed for one night to watch Mamma Mia great location two tube stops away from the show. Trafalgar Square just a minutes walk away. Really good price only negative was the room was really hot could not get it too cool down adjusted the air conditioning to the lowest setting.	
Feb 19 2009 	Terrific clean hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and it was terrific. The location was great and the rooms were small but very clean and modern. We unfortunately did not have much of a view outside our window but it was still a nice place. I would stay there again.	
Feb 14 2009 	Couldn't fault it	The hotel is in Northumberland Avenue of 'Monopoly' fame, close to bothTrafalgar Square and the footbridge over to the South Bank; yet our room (at the back on the fourth floor) was perfectly quiet. The bed was comfortable, the room clean, the TV screen could be used as a computer monitor; there were an umbrella and books on London available; around the corner extra tea, milk, coffee, pillows and water could be had, along with an iron and proper ironing board. Really, we wanted for nothing! There's also an automated booking-out system which minimises the usual five-to-twelve queue. We paid £96 per night booked via Londontown.com, and were there for the theatre - only a few minutes walk away. Couldn't fault it!	
Feb 12 2009	Great location	We stayed at the Grand a very cold weekend in January. We got a good last minute deal after using a lot of time finding a decent, not to expensive hotel, in this neigbourhood.And the location is so great. You can walk anywhere......And we like that. If you need to take the tube, the station is a few minutes away.The hotel was nice. We had a large, nice decorated room with a nice bathroom, coffe and tee etc. Will absolutely stay here again next time in London.	
Feb 9 2009	Great Hotel Great Location	Trying to find a decent hotel in London without paying really silly money is always a bit tricky, however The Grand is a real find. Located within seconds of Trafalgar Square, a few minutes walk from The Embankment and Whitehall, a twenty minute stroll from Covent Garden and five minutes from Charing Cross station, you couldn't wish for a better location.The hotel is clean, friendly and welcoming. It has some great features like the &quot;Guests' Locker&quot; on each floor from which you can help yourself to extra pillows, blankets, tea, coffee etc. In addition there is a fresh water and ice dispenser, complete with bottles on each floor, which saves paying out for bottled water at London prices.The rooms are clean and well kept, comfy beds and no problem with outside noise. We had a good size tv, a cd radio alarm clock and internet access in the room. There were also a few books provided by the hotel in the bedside cabinet, which was a nice touch, as was the umbrella which was in the wardrobe.The bathroom was very clean and modern, with a good size walk in shower; the towels were a bit small, but that was not a real problem (every Persian carpet has a flaw).There is no restaurant in the hotel as yet, however a delivery service is available from local restaurants. We did not book breakfast as there are a lot of cafes and restaurants nearby where breakfasts are served.The Grand is great hotel, I usually hate staying in London as I don't like having to use the tube to get anywhere and central London prices are usually beyond my budget, however at £113 per night per room, The Grand was a really good deal. Book with confidence, you won't be disappointed, this as a super hotel, in a fantastic location. For a short stay you won't find better for the price.	
Feb 8 2009 	Hotel Nightmare	My first impression of the hotel when I checked in was &quot;a little too spare, yet adequate.&quot; But wait until you hear what happened! I checked in after a long flight, changed quickly, and left for dinner. We returned about five hours later to find the door unlocked with an &quot;occupied&quot; sign in the key slot/lock, the pillows piled up to the bedside (clearly moved) and used chewing gum in a tissue by the bed. I didn't do any of this. Major YUCK factor, not to mention scary. I was glad my computer and, apparently, nothing else was stolen. I didn't get mad, but I was creeped out, concerned about the sheets and had to ask to change rooms. I was moved to a new room (but a step down - smaller and without a microwave and frig). They apologized for the problem with the &quot;unlocked door&quot; but avoided the other blatant and disturbing facts. Talk about denial! I'm mad for two reasons. One, my space was invaded. Two, the staff is treating me like an &quot;uncomfortable issue&quot; they wish didn't exist. It's bad enough to be victimized, then add to that a staff that has no clue how to deal!My advice: never stay here! I've traveled a lot and nothing like this has ever happened to me - has anything like this happened to others at a hotel?	
Feb 6 2009 	It doesn't get any better than this!!	I just returned from a 3 night stay in London. I was a single woman traveling. I read the reviews on Travel Advisor before making my decision to book this hotel. The location was absolutely perfect!! Price was great at the time of booking.....averaging 135.00 USD. It is the bus stop for not only the &quot;Original Bus Tour&quot; (which was a wonderful experience in itself), but the city buses, and the &quot;Ghost Bus Tour&quot; at this front door. Very safe, clean, free internet (I did not have a lap top), very clean room. I thought the room was large compared to many in NYC. The in room coffee was delicious! This Hotel is right in the center of everything. Take the walking tours ( included in price of the &quot;Original Bus Tour ticket). Those tours leave up the street about a less than 5 minute walk. The front desk helped me out in a crisis. I lost my international cell phone and had no communication with my family. She immediately picked up the front desk phone and called my home in the states!! I would stay there again in a heartbeat. As a single traveler it was perfect. &quot;Sherlock Holmes Pub&quot; is across the street...great pub!	
Feb 4 2009 	Great hotel for business travel! Incredible location	I stayed here on business travel for eight nights (Jan 23rd -31st). Club Quarters is a hotel designed for business travel (low frills, no concierge with clean and small rooms). If you are a tourist looking for a large sitting room and a concierge, do not stay at Club Quarters! But if you are looking for a very clean, well-run hotel that is incredibly located, Club Quarters is for you.This CQ location actually has much larger rooms than any of the other 4 branches I've stayed in (2 in NY, Chicago and Washington DC). Bed was quite comfortable, bathroom was quite modern, and hotel was quite impeccably clean. Business lounge and laundry both met my needs quite well. (The wifi in the rooms left a bit to be desired).	
Jan 30 2009 	Clean/Quiet/Greatr Location	Booked through Expedia at around £125 a night inc VAT. for the weekend of Jan 23rd-25th with my girlfriend. Location was fantastic, &lt;2 mins walk from several 'attractions' such as Trafalgar Sq, The London Eye, The West End, Somerset House, Buckingham Palace (5-10mins). Also a Tesco Express round the corner for some essentials if needed.Room #415, on the small side but not too small. Clean and Noise from the busy street below nonexistent (view looking out onto the street/trafalgar sq). Free High speed internet in the rooms, wireless or wired worked perfectly and decent TV reception though volume a bit nasty (No SkySports News).Seen some complaints about the lifts not working but didnt have a problem once we worked out what it was you have to do! Didnt have breakfast here but several places nearby which have nice breakfasts (Cafe Fiori round the corner was nice).Recommended	
Jan 26 2009	Excellent location small room	The location is greatWhen you go in the lobby just be aware there are two receptions, (the grand &amp; club quarters)We'd booked a standard room, the decor was nice but the room was very small, definitley smaller than other hotels I've stayed in London. This was a bit disappointing especially because of the price we'd paid. There was no bath, just a shower. No fridge and our room had an internal view. On the plus side the rooms are very soundproof , there was a protest outside and we didn't even hear it.Overall a good hotel, for the right price. If you can upgrade room size	
Jan 25 2009	Excellent hotel	Really liked our stay at this hotel. Spacious and very comfortable. The bathroom was very clean, lots of room. We didn't hear much noise from the street below at all, a bonus considering the location is so close to Trafalgar Sq. Very convenient for all the sightseeing we wanted to do. The staff were most polite and helpful too. I'd stay there again.	
Jan 16 2009 	Good value and location	Pros:- Very convenient location close to public transportation- Large business center and common room (with complimentary beverages)- Modern and clean- Good valueCons:- Very small rooms and narrow hallways	
Jan 12 2009 	Low Cost Business Model Does Not Work For Hotels!	We stayed in the Club Quarters for 2 nights in January 2009. Firstly the location is fantastic. A running jump from Trafalgar Square and comfortable walking distance from all the main tourist attractions of London.Our main observation on the hotel is that it is run as a low cost business with staffing kept to a minimum. This was apparent at check in where we were instructed to check in via a touch screen terminal on the wall. All well and good but the terminal didn't work so we had to get our keycards at the reception (which is badly located on the hallway to the elevators). The room was fine - nothing special but fairly large and comfortable. The bed wasn't great though, with the covers consisting of a thin flat sheet and a large blanket which kept falling off the bed. The hotel offers guest &quot;lockers&quot; (presumably instead of maintaining extra staff) where you can go yourself to pick up extra supplies for the room. We wanted to get an extra pillow and some extra towels but found that most of the guest lockers were locked, and could only find a pillow with a brown stain on it and no towels.When we returned to our room at around 5pm on the second day of our stay, our room had not been made up. We rang reception and were assured it would be done. We left and returned again around 11pm and it was still not done and we had no fresh towels for the following morning.I would not recommend this hotel given the wide range of choices available in London. It promotes itself as a 4 star hotel but it offers no dining facilities (as of January 2009) and feels like corners are being cut to minimise costs, but at the expense of the comfort of its customers.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great hotel and location	When booking hotels as part of packages you always run the risk of not getting very good accomodations. The opposite was true for us. The Grand (Club Quarters) at Trafalgar square in London was an excellent hotel. We went in January which is considered the low period of tourism in London. The hotel seemed pretty vacant, which made it very quiet. We had a nice view of the street below, and contrary to other reviews, the traffic noise was not disturbing. The walls of the hotel seemed to be thick enough.The room was adequate in size. The room was heated well. Very nice considering there were record low temperatures in London while we were there. The bathroom was also nice in size. The maid came everyday and cleaned our room very well.One of the nice features of this hotel is that empty water bottles and a purified water dispensers are on each floor of the hotel. This complimentary service was nice to have. They also have a free washer and dryer for guests. The only thing that was lacking was a refrigerator in the room, that would have been nice.The location was great. Trafalgar square is located in the heart of London and the Tube, underground subway is right accross the street from the hotel. There are many places to eat nearby. There was also a Tesco Express that was open 24 hours, a great place to grab a sandwich and chips on evenings when restaurants are closed. The staff were friendly and helpful. They booked a tour for us to Stonehenge while we were there.Overall, I would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Absolute Gem!	Hotel is on a quite street between Trafalgar Square and Hungerford Bridge, to the South Bank; a perfect location for all the sights and convenience and yet still quiet. The hotel is not serviced with numeorous staff that open doors fro you and such, but attention to detail is still there. I will gladly forego opening opening the door for me or helping me with my luggage for the exceptional location, rooms and quality of the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms are well appointed; good TV plasmas; excellent for computer in room; tea/coffee making facilities; wonderful comfy bed; business desk chair; clock radio alarm even a small bookshelf with a few good reading books. Moderm decor but comfortable. The small faults are the small bath towels and no safe in the room. Hotel has a water purifying system that allows guests on each floor access to chilled water, even providing bottles. This is a WONDERFUL asset; as is the common floor closets with ironing board, extra tea and condiments. There is also a good guest lounge on the second floor with TV and computer access. The gym downstairs is a little small but good machines and in good condition. Just 4 doors down is a Tesco Express for your food needs; and well you are 1/2 a block from Tralfagar and the Center of London - so everything you need is very close: Chargon Cross Station, any transportation; restaurants, banks, phamracy, bookstore, take-out food places, souvenier shops...whatever you need is at most a 5-10 minute walk. The Sherlock Holmes Pub is across the street and down the alley by Sherlock Holmes in Craven Passage, leading to The Strand, is a good little pub. A WONDERFUL STAY, LUCK IF YOU CAN BE THERE!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Hotel	We visited London for New Years 08/09 and Club Quarters was brilliant. Check in and check out was quick and easy and staff were really friendly.The location of the hotel is perfect. Embankment and Charing Cross stations are literally across the road. Trafalgar square, the London eye and so much more are only minutes away.Our room was perfect - clean and definitley big enough. Bathrooms have been described as small in other reviews but they're fine! The water stations are really handy! Only thing was the vending machine, which is nicely hidden on the third floor, didnt work! But this really wasnt a big deal. We didnt use the hotel bar or get any room service. Too many great places around to try.Great hotel - would recommend it to anyone!	
Jan 2 2009 	Perfect location great hotel	I stayed here Mid December for just the one night. Fantastic location, near Trafalgar Square, Charing Cross tube station, The Strand, Covent Garden, Theatreland etc etc and The most comfortable pillow I have ever slept on in my entire life!! I wanted to take it home with me!Room facilities are good. Sony radio alarm clock with a CD by the good sized bed with nice bedlinen, flat screen tv with free internet access, tea and coffee facilities, with distilled water just outside on the corridor. I was in room 305 overlooking the main road, but was never once disturbed by traffic. Staff were friendly and courteous. They were happy to mind my bag all day after I checked out.Cost wise, I found it good value. You won't get a better location for the price, that's for sure. While the rooms feel five star, there are a few quibbles regarding the facilities, but there are so many restaurants and cafes for all price ranges that it's a minor thing. Staying here was a hassle free, comfortable pleasure from start to finish. If I ever need to stay in Central London again, this will be the place.	
Jan 1 2009 	Great location great comfort	On a great weekend rate through Hotwire (about 150 USD) this was incredible value for money. Unbeatable location only steps from Trafalgar Square and literally a few minutes walk from Westminster and the Thames.The room was very nice and clean, as were the beds.Great system with free purified water in machines on every floor, although weekend staff seemed to be at a minimum as water bottles were not available until we asked (but then two chilled bottles were delivered at our room). Hallways were unexplicably hot, but didn't matter much as room was fine.No restaurant at the time of our visit (June 2008), but room service was available by way of a takeout company which turned out to have wonderful food (and beer). Breakfast can be had at several cafes and bars on the same street, better than most hotel breakfasts anyway.This hotel is highly recommended for tourists who can get a special rate.	
Dec 29 2008 	loved this hotel!	i loved this hotel i stayed for a couple of nights to go watch a west end show!it was a quick and easy check in and found the staff incredibly helpful! the only problem i had was the key it was a bit of a nightmare to get in late at night and using the elavator but that is my only fault with this hotel! the location is brilliant to do everything you want and the rooms are spacious, smart and clean. i would recommend thid hotel, defiantly value for money,.	
Dec 29 2008 	Superb location nice hotel at a good price	This hotel has an absolutely fabulous location for those visiting London. It is one minutes walk from Trafalgar Square and also within walking distance of Picadilly, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Holborn and also sites across the Thames such as the Tate and the London Eye. The nearest tube station is Embankment. I got a great price for this hotel - £109 per night for a double room. The hotel itself was lovely. It is not a luxury hotel but everything was more than satisfactory. The staff were very pleasant, the building itself is impressive, with a very grand marble lobby. The rooms are modern and well-designed. I had absolutely no problems with anything here and would definitely recommend it and indeed stay again if I was in London.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great location for first time visit	This hotel is perfectly located for a first-time visitor to London, which I was. A Tube stop is half a block away. Within walking distance are: Parliament, Westminster Abbey, The London Eye, Soho, Covent Garden, and many restaurants and coffee shops.I had a larger room with kitchenette (never used it!) and sofa. Although it faced a busy street, it was very quiet with the windows closed.I researched London hotels extensively, and this was very reasonably priced (US $170 per night) in a very expensive city. I'd stay here again without hesitation.	
Dec 9 2008 	Jolly good hotel	Just spent a Saturday here. Excellent location, the staff was very helpful, room very clean and comfortable. Would stay here again and would recomment highly to my mom.	
Nov 23 2008 	Fantastic Location	The location of the hotel is great , located right on Trafalgar sq and a 5 minute walk to great shops, bars and resturaunts in Leicester sq, Picadilly circus and the strand.We were able to walk to all the Theatres and all major shopping streets, covent Garden, Regent st , Oxford st.The Hotel has a quick check in/0ut system which is done by automated self service machines.Have visited London on many occasions on shopping/theatre breaks and this hotel was definately the best for this.Would absolutely use this hotel every time for any future visits.	
Nov 23 2008 	Perfect Location!	We stayed here in early November 2008. The hotel was in a great location a half block from Trafalgar Square and the Charing Cross Underground station. The Embankment Underground station was also a short walk away. We were able to comfortably walk from the hotel to Westminster Abbey. There are lots of restaurants and pubs (try the Sherlock Holmes pub across the street) within easy walking distance. The room was comfortable and the bathroom was large for a European hotel. The air conditioner never really cooled the room. The elevators also require use of your room key to operate, and the card reader was sometimes tempermental (and directions are not very clear). Free distilled water and distilled ice on every floor along with bottles were a nice perk. The guest convenience closet on each floor was also a nice touch for obtaining additional pillows, ironing board, extra tea/coffee, etc. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 22 2008 	FREAKIN' AWESOME!!!!	I'm in the hotel biz myself, so I am REALLY picky...tend to notice every flaw. No need to attach photos here....the ones already posted are accurate representations.GREAT location, GREAT staff, GREAT room!! Rooms are more 'American' style than European....nice size, nice size bath. Very comfortable, quiet, very nice. Will be my first choice everytime I visit and I hope to often.The absolute only less-than-stellar thing was that the wireless internet connection was unstable, and internet (wired too) went out completely one nite. It was their ISP, not hotel's fault.Absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Nov 16 2008 	Club Quarters - decent mid priced hotel at heart of London	This was my second stay at the Club Quarters at Trafalgar Square. We chose it for the location.The hotel is smart and clean. Staff were efficient and pleasant. Our room was a &quot;Club Size&quot; double room, compact but not too small for two adults. There was a desk, phone, LCD TV, free and easy to use Wi-Fi, air conditioning and plenty of space for clothes etc. The bed was *very* comfortable, the room was quiet at night.The bathroom was fine, shower but no bath. I was annoyed by the size of the towels which were a little over 3 ft long. I hope that does not become a trend in London hotels!	
Nov 8 2008 	great location and price	What you need to know about the reviewer:Couple in 30s traveling w/o kids; From US; 1st time to London; we travel 2-3 times per yearThe hotel is well located in the heart of London. Easy access to the theaters and major attractions (TIP: take a bus tour when you arrive to see all the sights and then get off when you want to get up close to something, you can hop back on for free)Room: modern, clean, well maintained Service: very good - provided extra pillow in 10 minutesFood: NA - only one restaurant in building (no one in there when we walked by), but there is plenty in the area (TIP: Check our Sherlock Holmes Pub across the street)Nice surprise: free water on each floorWorst surprise: the elevator requires a room card and it often takes 3-4 tries to get it to workStrange: The fact that it is a hotel within a hotel is unusual, but will not affect your stayNet: Would definitely stay here again. The location and price ($150 USD per night via Orbitz) make it a fantastic value	
Nov 7 2008 	Wonderful Location	I stayed here for two nights with my mum. The location was excellent. Right in Trafalgar square and just short walking distances to all main areas. Very quick booking in system on arrival, room cards also operate lifts, which can be tempremental but ok, our room was a nice size, with fridge and microwave, no real view but rooftops but didnt except much else so was fine. Unlike the other reviews our room was Boiling hot! We tried everything to alter it but nothing worked, no air con, ended up having window wide open to try and sleep but in central Londin its very noisey! Our toilet blocked but they were quick enough to send someone up to rectify. The water and the cupboards around the corridors with supplies of tea bags, sugar, shower caps etc is a nice touch as they only leave two tea bags in the room. There is a Garfunkles next door and a Prezzo (Italian restuarant) opposite so you have somewhere to eat right on the doorstep as well as the hotel restuarant, although when we were there i saw no one in it. The staff were helpful, you are able to leave your luggage secure when you check out. All in all a very nice hotel, im glad we got a good deal with the price though as i dont think its that much better than the Premier Lodge near Picadilly, although no complaints either. As for location - superb!	
Nov 3 2008 	great location	My husband and I stayed here for one night with a couple of friends. The location was great right in the heart of everything. We had a room on the 9th floor with views to the London Eye, Big Ben, Buck House and Whitehall. The room was very nice but cold, the heating controls didn't seem to work properly. There was a flat screen telly, internet point for your laptop, a microwave and a fridge. The bathroom was small but perfectly adequate with a good shower. Our friends had a room on the 4th floor with a very large bed but no microwave or fridge and no view. We stayed in the part called club quarters, from what we could make out the grand part isn't ready yet. We ate breakfast at Garfunkels next door as we weren't prepared topay ~£26 for it at the hotel. The only downside to this hotel is that it doesn't have a bar. As most of the bars nearby close at 11.30, this was quite frustrating as we would have liked a coupleof drinks after leaving the theatre. All in all a very nice hotel in a great location which we would use again.	
Nov 1 2008 	Very Convenient Location!	This hotel is in a great location, right in Trafalgar Square. It's an easy walk to the tube, tour bus pick-up locations, shopping/restaurants along Strand, Leicester Square, etc. My room was average-sized for a European room, though my friend had a nicer, larger room on a higher floor. The front desk was very attentive and provided helpful information for getting around London. The hotel was fine, the best part being its location.	
Oct 30 2008 	Classy Beautiful Comfortable	What a great stay at this hotel. We feel like we got a pretty good deal from a website for a hotel in london at this location. I would stay here again in a second. we were about a 15min walk in any direction to great stuff. you're about 250yards from trafalgar square, covent garden, soho, picadilly are all nearby and the tube is a 2min walk around the corner. we loved the water purifier fountain in the hallway with brand new bottles provided. for as much water as we drank, walking the city for hours and hours, we saved a ton of money just on water. we did have a small problem with our heating system. they sent a repairman very quickly and soon figured out the problem. it wasn't something they could fix right away so within a few minutes they had a floor heater for us that worked perfectly as a replacement. hi speed internet in the rooms. nicely, modern, and updated, clean and comfortable rooms, nothing else to stay but what a great hotel and nice stay.	
Oct 30 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Location Poor service	We stayed here for a weekend away and first thing I have to say is the Tube Service is EXCELLENT. The Hotel is in a fantastic location, close to all you will need to see and all the night life. Room was nice, even though it was not the type of room I booked, which brings me to the bad points encountered. Firstly the room type, I ordered and payed for a Superior Suite and was given a Standard Double. As it was late on Friday night when we arrived I just wanted to get to bed. The next day I went to talk to the manager who does not work weekends and the Duty Manager was not in until Mid-day. We went for breakfast in their temperory resturant, actual resturant was being remodeled, and the breakfast was below standards expected with this type/class of hotel. We went on our way for our day out after the breakfast from hell. On our return later that evening I was talking to the Check in clerk who told me that the room I was given was the one that was booked for me by Expedia. I then contacted Expedia and they told me what I already knew and with that I contacted the Clerk and explained what Expedia had confirmed with me. He then became very sorry and offered to upgrade us the next time we stayed.	
Oct 26 2008	Good hotel in a very central location	I stayed here with my husband from October 8-10. We were only in London for a few days to sight-see, and we got a relatively decent rate for this hotel (considering its location) on hotels.com. We had no problems checking in (even though we showed up a few hours before check-in time). We had a &quot;standard room&quot; (no kitchenette) with a queen size bed. The room was amply (but not generously) sized and it was clean and quiet. The bed was pretty comfortable. Water pressure in the shower was fine. Included wifi and purified water were definite pluses.Our only complaint was the heat not going as warm as we set it - we could hear a lot of air blowing around in the vents behind the headboard of the bed, but our thermometer showed it was several degrees colder than the thermostat thought it was.	
Oct 26 2008 	Same as the Club Quarters Hotel	Because this hotel is listed twice under two different names, I'm posting my review here, too, so people wondering can know it's the same place as the Club Quarters hotel:For the price and the location this can't be beat. It costs a fraction of what other hotels in the same area are going for. It's one of the only affordable options in London, really.This hotel is also known as The Grand hotel. The Club Quarters and Grand hotel are the same place: the same building, they have the same rooms, same elevators, same housekeeping, and same reception desk. See, the Club Quarters is a membership-only hotel, while the Grand isn't. Not just anybody can stay at a Club Quarters hotel. But apparently there are a couple hotels that non-members can stay in. There are great perks such as filtered water stations on each floor. We were able to refill our water bottles daily before heading out on the town.The bad side: the Mozzarella bar is disgusting. The service isn't very good and the cheese is pretty bad. The people working there are kind of arrogant and believe they have the best of the best and if you haven't had their cheese, you haven't had the real stuff... Well, I've been to Italy and know what buffalo mozzarella should taste like. I've also had equally amazing servings in New York and Los Angeles. But this place is not so good. If they are truly flying this in daily from Italy I think they're being ripped off. Because it simply isn't very good cheese.We did not try the breakfast because it seemed overpriced for what was available. Plus, it's served in the Mozzarella bar.Instead, my advice is to walk a few doors down the street to Garfunkles for a BAP, or eggs, bacon, toast, orange juice, etc.For dinner, try the Sherlock Holmes pub across the street - they had a pretty good fish and chips (that didn't taste fishy) and the atmosphere was fun.I'd definately stay here again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Great for the price and location	For the price and the location this can't be beat. It costs a fraction of what other hotels in the same area are going for. It's one of the only affordable options in London, really. This hotel is also known as The Grand hotel. The Club Quarters and Grand hotel are the same place: the same building, they have the same rooms, same elevators, same housekeeping, and same reception desk. See, the Club Quarters is a membership-only hotel, while the Grand isn't. Not just anybody can stay at a Club Quarters hotel. But apparently there are a couple hotels that non-members can stay in. There are great perks such as filtered water stations on each floor. We were able to refill our water bottles daily before heading out on the town.The bad side: the Mozzarella bar is disgusting. The service isn't very good and the cheese is pretty bad. The people working there are kind of arrogant and believe they have the best of the best and if you haven't had their cheese, you haven't had the real stuff... Well, I've been to Italy and know what buffalo mozzarella should taste like. I've also had equally amazing servings in New York and Los Angeles. But this place is not so good. If they are truly flying this in daily from Italy I think they're being ripped off. Because it simply isn't very good cheese.We did not try the breakfast because it seemed overpriced for what was available. Plus, it's served in the Mozzarella bar.Instead, my advice is to walk a few doors down the street to Garfunkles for a BAP, or eggs, bacon, toast, orange juice, etc.For dinner, try the Sherlock Holmes pub across the street - they had a pretty good fish and chips (that didn't taste fishy) and the atmosphere was fun.I'd definately stay here again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Fresh new room interior	Myself and my husband stayed here for our 1st Wedding Anniversary. We wanted to do some shopping and sightseeing in London and this hotel was perfect! Club Quarters is beside Charing Cross and Embankment Stations, 5 mins walk from the Thames and London Eye. There is a tourist office 5 mins away who have discounted tickets for sights and shows. Picadilly and Leicester Square are 10 min walk away. The hotel itself was clean, quiet and the interior design was very nice. The hotel room was very up-to-date, new carpet, modern dark furniture, flat screen, comfortable bed. The bathroom had nice marble and a great mirror! We did not eat in the hotel as there are so many restaurants around. The only thing that happened was our room was not cleaned, linen changed the first day. We had left the room at 8:30am and returned at 15:00 the first day, as we left again I mentioned it to reception. When we returned at 19:30 it still had not been done! I rang and housekeeping said we had put a 'do not disturb' sign on the door!! Of course we didnt as we werent even there, so they arrived up in half hour and made the bed etc..Other than that the place is great and we will be staying in Club Quarters there and in other locations in the future.	
Oct 19 2008 	Amazing location - pleasurable all round!	Very quick and efficient check in.Friendly and extremely courteous staff.Large room with clean bathroom - well equipped.Free, purified bottled water available.1 min walk from Trafalgar Square!!5 mins walk from Embankment/Charing Cross underground.	
Oct 14 2008 	Nice room and good location.	Great location right next to tube stations. Very clean comfortable room. Friendly staff. Plenty of resturants nearby. Would stay here again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Make me a member!	This hotel is in a wonderful location for sightseeing. It is just steps from Trafalgar Square and within walking distance of Big Ben, Parliament, Westminster Abbey and Buckingham Palace. We also walked to Leicester Square and Soho, although, we like to walk. Our room was very nicely decorated. While it was a little on the small side, it certainly was adequate and didn't feel cramped. We booked through Orbitz and got a great rate. The free water machine in the hallway is a very nice plus! There is a chi-chi Italian restaurant in the hotel, but we didn't eat there. There is a Garfunkel's a minute away and they have good breakfast. Tesco Express on the corner also has pastries and donuts if you are into grab and go. The Charing Cross tube station is closest. There is a PC with a printer on the 2nd floor that you can use, which is very handy for printing boarding passes. Inserting your key card in the elevator to make it work can be a little tricky, but I had more luck than my husband! Really, it's not a big deal and in my opinion is worth it from a security standpoint. I would absolutely stay here again without hesitation!	
Oct 13 2008 	Will stay here again	We chose this hotel after reading the reviews at tripadvisor.com and our expectations were met! Excellent location, just steps away from the underground.The staff was very friendly and efficient, and the common areas and the room itself were clean. We did not try the breakfast (at a whopping £12!), as there are plenty of options for much less in the vicinity.A few niceties: coffee/tea in the room, umbrella (!) and a real blowdryer, and bottled water in the corridor. Computer with internet access and a printer is available in the lounge, free of charge. Brilliant when you want to do an online flight check-in and print your boarding pass :)We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 12 2008 	location was the best	Booked through last minute.com and got a resonable deal for two nights, 2 adults and one child. We did not get the studio room which we had a conformation for and my daughter had no bedding for her sofa bed.the rooms are very new and clean, not a bad size for london, however I had to ask at reception four times before we got our bedding, the chap on reception the final time I asked did meet our request and sent a basket of goodies up to us as an apology.The lifts are a little suspect and work under their own rules, the same has to be said for our flat screen TV, the hotel is not the best Ive stopped in by far but the cleaniness and the location would pull me back without a doubt.	
Oct 4 2008 	Good All Round Hotel	Having been to London a few times, this hotel was our favourite so far. It has an excellent location and the rooms have pretty much everything you need for a short break. Although it doesn't have a restaurant at the moment, it is very central, so there are plenty of choices for eating out. We had no complaints about the service or accommodation whatsoever, and would definitely book it again.	
Oct 4 2008	Great Value in a Great Location	Great Value, Comfortable Room, Helpful Staff, Fantastic location with just a short walk to the theatre district and major sights.	
Oct 3 2008	Perfect location!	This hotel is an absolute steal if you can get it for under $150 a night form Hotwire. The location is just perfect. Trafalgar Square is just few steps away with many choices of restaurants. The hotel is sitting between two underground stations. Big Ben and Westminister Abbey are within walking distances.The room itself is fairly adequate. The hotel does have washer/dryer/microwave facility. Best of all, there are clean filtered water and water bottles for you to take away on your day trip. Wireless internet is free. There's also a desktop PC with printer free to use in the lounge.As many people noted, we also experienced some difficulties with the elevator using our room key. But it's not a big issue. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 11 2008 	great location	I can'y say enough about the location of this hotel for its price catagory. You are so close to many tourist destinations. My wife and I stayed here for her birthday and loved it. You couldn't beat the rate that I found on Orbitz and for the price we paid I was more than satisfied. At the time we stayed here there was no restaurant on premise but many choices nearby. Accross the street is a great pub called &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; good place to grab a pint and some pub food. Also, in the alley way between the Charing Cross and Embankment statios are many great places for a pint or quick bite to eat. On a nice afternoon it gets packed with people just getting out of work and socailizing before hopping on the tube. Barely two blocks away is the Charing Cross train station with access to the Bakerloo and Northern lines, not far away are the Leicester Sqare and Embankment stattions so tube access is great. The rooms are on the smaller side but what do you expect from a hotel of this price in London. The only problem we had was the desk failed to call ahead for our cab the day of departure and ended up using a car service they called. Long story short, the driver was incompitent, we hit mad city traffic and we missed our flight. Make sure you check and double check with the desk that your ride is there on time.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great choice	First, you have to be a member of Club Quarters to stay there. So, we stayed at The Grand. From what I could tell, they are the same hotel. I recommend the hotel very much. It was clean and the room was larger than I expected. There is free internet, although we did have some trouble connecting the last couple of days we were there. The other reason to stay here is the location- half block from Trafalgar Square and Parliment; a 5 min. walk to the London Eye and Buckingham Palace. We couldn't have asked for a better location.I wouldn't recommend Garfunkels next door or the Sherlock Holmes, across the street. However, Thai Square (on Trafalgar) was absolutely fantastic.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for two nights 29th 30th August we booked through Londontown.com and what a find this place is.. perfect location, staff very helpful, rooms have everything you need and more, although small but to be expected in London.. We paid £99 per night which is fantastic value, its a shame they don't do bed and breakfast! maybe that will come in time...This hotel is very security minded with a key card for everything from using the lifts to using the toilets after check out.. All in all a great hotel and we will be back soon... Thank you	
Aug 27 2008 	Great find	This hotel is great value for money. We had a wonderful stay and couldn't have been in a better position. If you can get a room on the top floor at the back you will have views of Big Ben and Buckingham Palace. There is a Garfunkles just up the road with the normal plastic meals, but if you fancy something more traditional go to the Sherlock Holmes which is almost opposite the hotel. Great Treacle pudding !	
Aug 26 2008 	Excellent central london hotel	Stayed for 1 night and found this hotel in a perfect location for sightseeing in london.Paid the cheapest rate i have ever paid for a room so central in london i thought there must have been a catch.but was suprised to say no catch at all,just a fabulous deal!Tastefully furnished,comfortable rooms and exceptionally well cleaned nothing out of place,never heard or seen the maids but all i can say is what a great job they do.Excellent bed/pillows and a lot of thought had been given to the extra touches and details that made this hotel an excellent choice.Had a great sleep as it was so comfortable and quiet.Free internet browsing via the tv.Had a microwave a fridge in room and cd player.Very quiet at all times and had excellent air con, as it was a warm day i used this.Extra touches like ice and water machines on every floor free of charge fantastic.Only criticism would be the bathroom towels are small even for me being petite would have preferred larger towels however i would return to this hotel without any doubt at all next time i am in london i highly recomment this hotel.	
Aug 14 2008	Good Value	We stayed on a Sat and Sun night in early June. Got an excellent rate on Hotwire. Hotel was clean and modern. The rooms were large and had flat screen TVs. The lounge for Club members only was annoying, no one was in there, yet we weren't allowed.Great location to the tube and all the sights. Garfunkels restraunt next door was nice, went for breakfast and we ended up back there for dinner.Best part is the free waterbottles and water dispensers. Bottled water can be expensive when you buy it!	
Aug 13 2008 	Clean and Simple	I stayed at The Grand (also known as Club Quarters) for 3 days on business. The hotel seems newly remodeled and clean. The staff was very friendly.Upon check-in, we were offered an &quot;upgrade&quot; for 45 pounds. All this added was a microwave, mini-fridge and tea kettle. In hindsight, it was not worth it.Our first room had a view of the main street, but too much street noise for my taste. We switched to a room in the back of the hotel, and it was much better for sleeping. The beds were a little hard in both rooms.Location to Trafalgar Square was good since the hotel has no restaurant or bar. We arrived about 10pm and had limited choices for meals. Most places close by 10pm, with a few open to 11pm.The hotel does offer a continental breakfast for 18 pounds. We were confused at first because there are no signs that clearly state this. It looks like a complementary spread. Only coffee and tea are free.My only real complaint was the elevators, or lifts as they call them, require you to insert your room key for any floor. Out of the 6 keys that we had, only 1 worked in the elevator. Other guests we spoke to complained about the same experience. Even to go down to the lobby, one needs to insert key.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great stay and location	Great location and stay! The Grand was clean and accommodating. I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone on a business or pleasure trip!	
Aug 1 2008	Mixed	I stayed at the Club Quarters in Trafalgar for two weeks while traveling for work. My experience was mixed. The room prices are a pretty good deal for the location.The pros: Close to subway (Charing Cross and Embankment)Close to Covent Garden / Leicester Square (pretty much a good central location in London)Comfortable bed, sheets, pillowsCleanThe cons may not be an issue for many travelers, but were for me as I travel quite a bit for work and like to be comfortable when away from home. At the time of my visit, there was no restaurant on site. This means no real room service: there is a food delivery service that the hotel recommends where you place your order over the phone and they deliver to the hotel and add the bill to your room charge. But there can be problems with this if your order is wrong (as I experienced); hotel doesn't really help resolve. It is better to eat out or go to Marks &amp; Spencer at Charing Cross. Again, not an issue if you're on vacation and eat out anyway. But if you need room service from time to time, it can be quite frustrating.  I booked a 1 room suite, but when I arrived I was given no a &quot;superior room&quot; that was narrow and dark with a small window. I asked for another and was given the room across the way: more open with a kitchenette, but with a very small window (about 1.5 feet across). I accepted the room, but wondered what happened to my &quot;1 room suite.&quot; Reception told me that &quot;they&quot; changed my reservation (not sure who &quot;they&quot; is). I called my work travel group and was told that my reservation was not changed. I read through other Trip Advisor reviews and someone else had the same issue with a 1 room suite where the hotel claimed someone had changed the reservations. It may be that they don't have enough 1 room suites for the demand but continue to advertise them as available and then just put you in a &quot;superior room&quot; when you arrive. Just make sure they adjust your room rate accordingly. My room did not have an ergonomic chair (as was advertised), but one was brought when I asked for it. Bathroom was clean, but the shower curtain needed changing more often (mildew). I couldn't get wireless service in my room, but there is wired access (ask for a network cable if not already in the room). Internet is complimentary. Elevator was out of order a couple of days. The electricity in the building went out a couple of times. Bring your own shampoo / conditioner, as the one they provide is not very good quality. There is an ice machine and amenity closet on each floor and a purified water machine where you can fill water bottles for drinking. The 1 washer and 1 dryer on the third floor is free, but busy....buy / bring your own laundry detergent. Other reviewers mentioned umbrellas in the rooms, but mine had none. No in-room safe. Overall, quite decent for the money. But if you're looking for a higher level or service from your hotel, it's best to stay elsewhere.	
Jul 28 2008 	Great stay overall	I was very doubtful of this property based on the great price we obtained on their website. London is expensive and we have visited many times. With the current exchange rate, our usual hotels were closer to $900 a night, so we decided to look elsewhere. Found this one here on Tripadvisor. The location is very convenient to central London (not the West End shopping areas, though.) It's shouting distance to the National Gallery, The London Aquarium and sits in between to very good Tube stops. I would highly recommend this hotel. The only flaw? They forgot to service the room the first day we went out and the room didn't have the right number of towels for three people (hubby, me and daughter.) However, they have a guest supply closet you can get some things from and a spring water fountain and bottles for guests. There is no restaurant for non-club members (this hotel has a club program mostly for business travelers and they receive special privileges.) GREAT space in room for a double sofa bed and a queen size bed, desk, armoire and space to leave luggage and still walk around. Bathroom a bit on the small side, however. Also, ask for a room not facing the street if you need quiet.	
Jul 27 2008 	Consistently perfect	Just returned from another seven-night stay and again the hotel staff and ammenities exceeded expectations start to finish. Have stayed at Club Quarters Trafalgar Square for 30+ nights in past six months and anytime I've made a request regards anything, the staff from housekeeping to front desk have been quick to help and make any arrangements. This includes a room fridge and stepping machine being bought ot my room within five minutes. When my AC was on the blink, got it fixed asap. What amazed me this past stay, is the courtesy of all front desk staff. They make checking in a breeze and hassle free and truly seem to love their job as they smile and appear genuinely interested. Highlights for me are always the cleanliness of the entire building and rooms. The bathrooms are relatively small, but shower has superb water pressure. Flat screen tv's can be angled for viewing from bed or chair seating. Room includes coffee/tea facilities. Complimentary umbrella in room. All nine hotel floors have bottled spring water available near elevator for guests along with a 'supply' closet that is a nice touch. I have used the same-day laundry service and excellent value for the convenience. Having previously stayed at the five-star Sofitel nearby in Waterloo Place, this quality hotel is a gem and truly exceptional value at WELL under half the price and you get more included. One comparison, at other hotels, rare to get complimetary internet access and Club Quaters have several options for that. Obviously, perhaps the best 'selling point' is the location as it truly can't be beat as on the doorstep of everything that is anything London. Can get to the hotel in 45 minutes from Heathrow via Heathrow Express to Paddington then Bakerloo Line to Embankment and a short 5 minute walk up Northumberland Avenue. Club Quarters really is a treasure that has been buried too long and easily deserves a higher ranking in all London hotels at Trip Advisors.	
Jul 26 2008 	Location Location Location	We stayed for one night for a short break in the capital. Club Quarters Trafalgar Square is in the perfect location for exploring all that London has to offer. The hotel is spotlessly clean and has a recently refurbished feel - plush carpets and high quality furnishings. The staff are very professional and accomodating and check-in and out was faultless. The lifts are a bit comical but didn't detract from a great overall experience. You would be hard pressed to get a nicer hotel in a better location for the price (check out the londontown website for a great weekend rate).	
Jul 24 2008 	Fabulous locations and amenities	My husband and daughter (12) joined me for the first part of my stay as we combined business with a holiday. We paid for an upgrade which got us a larger room with a tiny kitchenette. My daughter slept in a sofa bed converted from a single armchair - it was perfectly comfortable. With the sofa-bed out it did not leave us a lot of room and we had only two useable chairs. Other than that it was fine. The kitchenette enabled us to self-cater our breakfasts (the savings basically paid for the upgrade) - I recommend using the M&amp;S store at Charing Cross station for supplies as they have a better range than the Tesco Express on the corner). We particularly loved the water dispenser (more money saved), the self-serve amenities cupboard and the laundry area. Free internet in rooms was great too - it is still not a normal offering in UK hotels. Plenty of TV channels, not just the fre-to-air ones that you sometimes get. Seems a lot of thought has been put into what people really want in a hotel. My company is a &quot;club member&quot; so we used the lounge on the ground floor a couple of times - it was excellent with happy hour, internet access, comfy chairs etc.The staff were all very good and I saw none of the behaviour or attitude reported by other reviewers. After my family left I moved to a downgraded room. I was given a disabled room (I am not disabled), but it was more spacious than normal so I was happy. I particularly like the MP3 connection to play music through the TV speakers.Two really small complaints - the air-con was inadequate and we did feel quite warm especially at night. Couldn't leave the windows open due to street noise (not really noticeable when the windows were closed). The other tiny problem is that there is no in-room safe, but there are free safe-deposit boxes in reception.The real highlight though is the location - a few steps away from Trafalgar Square and close to so many wonderful sights. The tube stations (two to choose from) are also close to take you wherever you need to go. The room rates are very reasonable. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and I expect to stay there next time I am in London.	
Jul 23 2008	A little bit of luxury	Trafalgar Square is on the doorstep. The Houses of Parliament, Downing Street, Westminster Abbey are a short (and very interesting ) walk from the front door.The only word for the location is UNBEATABLE.The hotel shares a building with The Grand. The lobby is what one would expect of a 'Grand' hotel.One of the best things about the building is the thickness of the carpets in the corridors which absorb all sound. Unusual for a hotel in a city centre over a weekend, we did not hear one single sound from other guests...no doors opening or closing, no footsteps outside the room, nothing.The windows are double glazed against the traffic sound and are pretty effective. Rooms are high-ceilinged, beautifully finished and equipped to high standard with internet access available on the flat screen TV. (Keyboard is in a drawer.) This proved handy when we were looking for restaurants. The service is rather impersonal, but the response to our our only problem was swift. (There was no sound on the TV when we arrived.) We paid just over £500 for three nights, not cheap, but this included a £10 per night charge for an extra bed in the double room. Where else in London could an adult stay in such style for so little money? We went out for breakfast. There are plenty of places to eat all around...Garfunkels, The Old Shades pub etc. My only complaint was a communication problem when booking. I tried to book a studio room, I thought I had booked a studio room but had a doubt, I phoned back to check that it was, and spoke to someone who was charming but not a native English speaker. It was not until we opened the door of the room that we found it was NOT a studio. (The hotel was fully booked.) Given the location, the comfort, and the sheer pleasure of spending a weekend in London our disappointment did not last long.Staying at 8 Northumberalnd Avenue has spoiled me for any other location in the capital. I would rather spend a few days here than a longer time anywhere else.	
Jul 21 2008 	No worries.	Stayed for two nights (11 and 12 July) while my girlfriend and I went to London for a gig at Somerset House. The reviews I read of this hotel made me a little wary (re: harsh staff and problems with lifts and key cards and stuff), but the location sounded like just the ticket.I booked through londontown.com which was a good experience.I emailed the hotel in advance of our stay to confirm that they had received the booking and they replied promptly.Firstly, I checked in using their automated system that just swipes your credit card and issues you with your room card(s) - I took two in case we had the (previously highlighted) lift problems.The room was immaculate - totally clean and fresh..... no bath but a good sized, powerful, walk-in shower..... good tv with free internet, usual coffee and tea stuff.......Bonuses = free purified water and bottles (on every floor by the lifts).... Free ice and ice buckets (by the water machines)..... umbrella for customer use in every room - five quid charge if you nick it!!Settled in and fancied an extra pillow..... asked one of the many, friendly, staff who were servicing our floor and they brought me one within the hour.No view from the small window in the room.Checked out via the very simple automated service - just swipe your room key and then post them back through the slot.Location - superb. Everything within easy reach. This hotel makes a really superb base for exploring the sights and sounds of London.Suggestions = breakfast at Garfunkels (nearby) or try the &quot;breakfast club&quot; in Soho for a great vegetarian cooked breakfast. Drink some good beer (a real rarity in London!!!) at Chandos - only a couple of minutes walk from the hotel or drink Guinness at the Toucan in Soho!!I recommend this hotel to anyone - I didn't risk being disappointed by having to deal with surly staff by completely cutting them out of the equation.I've paid a lot more for a lot less!!	
Jul 20 2008 	Good Value Great Location	Booked this hotel after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. Very happy with our decision. The hotel is in a great location. Just steps from Embankment and Charing Cross tube stations. Hotel lobby is smaller than expected, but the rooms were clean and well kept. Staff seemed nice, but we didn't use them much. Couple of decent restaurants close by, but we walked towards Piccadilly for most of our meals. The kitchy Sherlock Holmes Pub is right across the street. Trafalgar Square is steps away and the bridge leading to the London Eye, with views of Parliament and Big Ben are just down the street.Room was a bit small, but not by European standards. I would add that this hotel was still in the process of putting in a bar and restaurant, if that's important.The hotel also has free washer and dryers, which if London hadn't been our first destination, we definitely would have taken advantage of. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't mind short walks and making use of the tube, which we did. Although we did pass through Kensington and Hyde Park, which if we go to London again, we may try out. The streets were clean with more restaurants and shops. Again, the tube was so easy to use and so much cheaper than taxis, being a bit away from the attractions woldn't be that big of a deal.	
Jul 15 2008 	At London center just great	Great location, service, rooms, facilities... I loved this hotel... it made our stay easier, comfortable and enjoyable...	
Jul 13 2008 	Great Hotel real high class experience for great value prices!!	Booked this hotel for the location and reputed business-class experience offered at reasonable prices for London.LocationFanstastic location at no.8 northumberland Avenue just off of Trafalgar Square(nearest tube station is Charing Cross).Rooms &amp; FacilitiesFantastic finish and size with excellent services(free internet with wireless keyboard, flat screen TV, range of gadget connections, network cable, mp3 etc). Bed was very comfy and the bathroom was excellently finished with a real high-end feel to it. There was a complimentary chilled water dispenser in the corridor with a fresh plastic bottle per customer (meant we could take water with us every day we were out in London) and complimentary ice-bucket and ice-dispenser also available.StaffNever had much dealing with them apart from when we checked in/out but they were very efficient(we arrived 30mins earlier than the 3pm check-in and there was no hassle in allocating us a room). Maybe them being pitched at the business market means that the perform a functional type person service rather than a more touristy approach to clients?BreakfastOne tip that I read before going was that as told by the hotel, their continental breakfast was £9.95pp, but we were already armed with the knowledge that if you don't mind eating in a chain pub that there was a Wetherspoons less than 2mins walk away from the hotel.RecommendIf you don't need a person service and want an excellent hotel to stay in with an amazing location then I'd strongly recommend a visit to them, and I will definitely return to stay with them next time we are in London	
Jul 11 2008 	Central Location Comfortable accommodation.	We just needed a one night stop at a London hotel, after watching a concert at the O2 arena. The Grand proved to be a great choice, at a central location within walking distance of Waterloo station, and minutes from Leicester Square. Despite a not so smooth check in, we were pleased with our rooms, a good size for a London hotel, with a clean and modern bathroom. Our friends had a room at the back of the building which got virtualy no natural sunlight, however they commented that they had one of the best nights sleep for a long time! The rooms were nicely furnished, down to the umbrella in the wardrobe!Its disappointing there is no restaurant, but we had little trouble finding breakfast nearby - and certainly didn't have to pay hotel prices.In all I would absolutely recommend this 'hotel', at the bottom of the street is the boat stop for direct ferries to the O2, and were able to walk through most of Westminster, Piccadily, leicester Square area with little problem. A great find, for a very reasonable price!	
Jul 7 2008 	Club Quarters A Top Hotel In A Perfect Location	My husband and myself went on a two day trip to London and after searching for what seems forever ,we came across this hotel .Club Quarters Trafalgar was a real find in more ways then one .First the location was perfect for sight seeing ,it is of course as the name suggests beside Trafalgar square which is a hive of activitity .Big Ben ,Buckingham Palace ,The London Eye ,Houses of Parliament ,China town ,West end theatres and so much more are all within walking distance.There are endless places to dine out in and most of Londons famous shops are within walking distance or a short cab /tube trip away.The hotel itself is a lovely building ,friendly ,helpful staff .The rooms are well set out and spotlessly clean .Rooms are well equiped for internet etc.Bottled water ice etc is available complimentaryThe automated express check in and out is extremely handy .I expected that with such a central location that it would be noisy but we had no such problem .We hope to return again to this Hotel and will certainly recommend staying here to our family and friends .	
Jul 6 2008 	Good Stay	This Hotel was really nice, Defiantely had plenty of room, flat screen, a/c, etc. The bed was clean and cozy. We were in a great location, walking distance to Picadilly Circus and train was nearby. It was a pleasent stay. The staff were a bunch of snobs though. I realized quicly that I should not ask too many questions and just enjoy my stay. The hotel had a computer with internet access for free in the lobby. And interet access was free also. It was a good price and if you go to London I would recommend this hotel. I would probably stay there again. The staff needs work with their attitudes. It was not one person but overall 3 staff members that were a little abrasive with me for no reason. OVerall, the htoel itself was good.	
Jul 4 2008 	Location is Prime!	The location is the best part of this hotel! You can't go wrong staying here for your trip to London. We did have some initial problems--we had to change rooms twice, HOWEVER, the staff could NOT have been more accomodating, (First room too noisy, second room had NO AC, third was PERFECT), they were very helpful and kind in our requests. Once we got past that in the first 24 hours, we had an excellent time. Check in/Check out a breeze, water near elevators is excellent, and although the elevator access was a bit tricky at times, not a showstopper. Highly recomend for all!	
Jul 4 2008 	Central location	If you are a Club Quarters member, this is a fantastic deal under their special weekend rates. The price we paid for a weekend was comparable to a one or two star B&amp;B. The Trafalgar Square property was in a great location, the rooms were large, and was more convenient than waking up a B&amp;B owner for a late night arrival. We will definitely stay here again under the special rate.	
Jul 3 2008 	The Grand Was Not Bad at All....	My husband and I stayed at The Grand at Trafalgar Square from June 20 to June 22, 2008. We got a great deal from Hotwire - $129US per night. The Grand was just a few blocks from Embankment tube station and was quite easy for us to locate, despite the fact we hardly slept on our red-eye flight from Toronto. Check-in was quick and our room was ready upon our arrival at 12:30pm. As other reviewers have mentioned, the room key is required to access the elevator and was a little finicky each time we went upstairs to our room on the third floor. The room was very clean and a good size for London, with a queen size bed, wardrobe, desk, two chairs and a flat screen television. I think all Hotwire travelers seem to get the same room at the Grand, because our room looked exactly the same as previous Hotwire reviewers’ photos and had absolutely no view from the window. Not a big deal for us, but it’s nice to be able to check the weather (i.e., windy, rainy) by looking out the window at people below which we were not able to do.The bathroom was a little small with only a shower stall, no bathtub, but was large enough that you didn’t feel cramped. Toiletries included bar soap, bath gel and conditioning shampoo (I brought my own travel size shampoo and conditioners as I don’t care for the two-in-ones). Maid service was great – room was properly cleaned and towels replenished each day. We quite appreciated the water service on our floor with plastic bottles to take out with you for the day. Breakfast was not included in our stay, so we did not sample what The Grand had to offer for food. Overall, I would say The Grand at Trafalgar Square is a pleasant hotel with a very central location ideal for tourists in London. The low price we paid was a definite plus – not sure I would have felt great about paying full price for this particular room.	
Jul 1 2008 	Excellent	My husband and I have just returned from a 4-day break in London, having stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel and we were very impressed. First of all, check-in was very easy. Staff were busy with other customers on our arrival so we used the simple self-service check-in machine. You just supply your credt card and details and it gives you your key card and room number. We also used this process to check out. Very convenient. We had a room on the 6th floor and it was immaculately clean and very modern. The view wasn't good as we had a room to the rear of the hotel but then this is London and if you want rolling hills and countryside, maybe the Lake District is more suited. There was a flat screen TV and free internet access that you can access via the TV. There were also the usual accessories e.g hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities etc, plus an umbrella which I thought was a nice added touch and have never known a hotel do this in individual rooms before. The bed was really comfy but we were only supplied with one pillow each. We just left a note for room service though and we were left with some extra ones for the following night. The bathroom was also extremely clean and no mould in the tiles or on the shower curtain which I have often found in hotels and find it quite off-putting. There were very basic toiletries supplied- shampoo and shower gel and towels were changed every other day. Breakfast was offered to us on arrival (approx £9 per person) but we never ate in the hotel as we prefer finding our own eateries. The location of the hotel was superb - right opposite Trafalgar Sqaure and only a short walk away from Buckingham Palace, London Eye and other attractions. There were also numerous places to eat just round the corner. We sampled Garfunkels (a couple of doors down) american style diner a couple of times for tea and breakfast and found the service and food very good. Another point I mustn't miss off is the water machines on every floor of the hotel. Plastic water bottles are provided FREE of charge so you can fill them up whenever you like from the machine. We found this extremely useful and a much better idea than charging customers extortionate prices for a bottle of Evian or something similar left in customers' rooms. We paid just over £400 for our stay, including taxes which I thought was very reasonable. The location, service and standard of hotel couldn't have been better for the money, especially compared to other hotels we had looked at.	
Jul 1 2008 	A nice "hotel" with a few problems	Got a good deal on this “hotel” on hotwire.com. Building impressive on the outside and the lobby area is certainly very grand. Actual check in and desk area is tiny and not very business like.Lifts to the rooms are a lottery. Operated by your room key sometimes they recognised the key, other times not. Lifts have a capacity of 6 people and don’t overload them. Our full lift was barged by 2 “gentlemen” and it resulted in 5 scary minutes of the lift going up and down without stopping. Alarm had been sounded and eventually the lift stopped but it was the first time I had ever experienced a lift malfunction and it wasn’t fun.Our room was a decent size. Huge comfortable bed was a winner. Room had a desk and chair, a flat screen TV and a media panel with mp3 connector. Alas our mp3 connection did not work. When we called reception they sent someone up who couldn’t fix it either. We were told maintenance would sort it the next day and that didn’t happen so we just gave up on it. Couldn’t pick up the promised wifi signal in the room but there was free keyboard Internet via the TV so we weren’t totally Internet free.Tee &amp; Coffee in the room, free chilled water on each floor and guest supply closets for the likes of irons, extra pillows, top up coffees etc. If you do want extra pillows, go to the closet early, they tended to be gone by evening.Bathroom is the smallest I’ve had in a London hotel. No bath, just a walk in shower. Weak pressure but not the worst I’ve encountered. Towels supplied are definitely on the small side. Decent worktop space for toiletries but the big no no was the hotel toiletries supplied. Went to open one of the hand soaps when I saw “pure palm oil” emblazoned across the label. Palm oil is one of the most politically incorrect ingredients out there. The Orang Utan is being driven to the edge of extinction in Asia because of these plantations. I’m no crazy environmentalist but it horrified me that this 4 star establishment had toiletries that contain palm oil. Bar and restaurant still not open in the hotel despite their website saying Spring 2008. The other couple with us had breakfast in the hotel, which they said was ok. That was until they realised it was £9 per person. They hadn’t read the info properly where it said £4.95 for Club Members and £9 for non-members. This breakfast (continental) is not worth £9. There’s a Garfunkels (restaurant) within 100 metres of the hotel as well as a Tesco (supermarket) so save your money!Location of the “hotel” is amazing. Walking distance to many sights and theatres and less than 5 minutes from the well connected Embankment tube station. We’ll definitely be back!	
Jun 29 2008 	New hotel excellent location.	Just stayed at this hotel, and having stayed here last year, too, knew what an excellent hotel this was. The location is almost unbeatable. When I woke up in the morning, I could hear the sound of Big Ben. Nice!The hotel is new, and everything still feels fresh. Some say they had problems with the elevator. I did not.I arrived at 9.30 in the evening, and check-in could not have been quicker. But when I passed the reception the next days, there seemed to be people waiting for check-in/out both morning and afternoon. Seemed they could do with more people in the reception at times.The room was at 7th floor with view over the rooftops, and was well equipped with what one needs.Room and bath clean, and as said everything is new and not worn out.I did not have breakfast at the hotel ,so cannot say anything about that.	
Jun 26 2008 	Fantastic location Lots of little extras	We were originally planning to stay at a basic 2-star hotel to save some money, but the Hotwire deal we got for this hotel made it even cheaper than the less-central 2-star places we'd been considering!The Trafalgar Square location was extremely convenient for sightseeing, with a short walk to Westminster and Parliament, a short walk to Buckingham Palace, an easy walk to the British Museum, and barely a block to the National Gallery, National Portrait Gallery, and Horse Guards Parade. For longer trips, the Embakment underground station was just down the street and offers immediate access to the Circle/District lines (for Tower of London, St.Paul's, etc).The hotel has much of the impersonal atmosphere of a business hotel, but unlike so many, there were lots of unexpected included extras. The free internet access in the room was a great surprise (though it took us a while to realize the keyboard was in one the bedside tables). The bottled water dispensers were a pleasant and ecologically-friendly surprise for summer tourism. And I realized too late (as we were packing to check out) that there were actually a few London guidebooks and novels to borrow in the room! It would have been nice to have an included breakfast, but there was a small grocery on the corner to grab a snack or a drink.Our room was quite spacious with room for two arm chairs and a small table in addition to the double bed and desk. There was enough floor space in the seating area to open out more than one suitcase. The decor was non-descript but modern and tasteful.The hotel lounge seemed like a comfortable place to sit, and it was usually empty except for the area around the computer terminal. One thing that was a bit annoying is that this is the only computer (aside from the room TVs) that was available to us. It seems that the business center was reserved for Club Quarters members rather than all guests. The room TV was handy, but we did find the mouse-replacement on the keyboard a bit difficult to use efficiently, causing us to turn to the public machine with a real mouse for urgent tasks (like looking up at the last minute an address we'd forgotten to bring along).Our only big issue was with the elevators, which required your room key to access and was a bit temperamental. It seemed that a lot of people had trouble getting the system to work the first time. Also, they were fairly small and during peak times, we had to wait through a few full elevators before finding space (so plan a few minutes extra if you're in a rush).	
Jun 20 2008 	Excellent location	We had an excellent rate via hotwire! The hotel is well located near several tube stations, buses and major monuments in London. The room is small (for the price) and we had a bad view. The flat TV and keyboard (furnished) that can utilised to bowse internet is a plus. There is no fridge in the room though, for us travelling with a baby is a bit unconfortable. The shared facilities (water dispenser and bottles, coffee, tea maker in 2nd floor) can be an excellent choice but a washing machine ... I wonder who use it. Overall, I recommend this hotel for the great location.	
Jun 15 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent hotel with a unbeatable location. Tube station, 2 min away, london eye, big ben etc are all within a 15 min walking distance. Sherlock Homes pub right down the street. Hop on hop off tour bus stop right in front of the hotel and takes you everywhere in London, Traf sq just 2 min walk.Very good breakfast with a vast selecion of fresh fruits. Free internet and printing. Also offers free filltered and chilled drinking water and bottles on every floor next to the elevators so you dont have tp waste 2-3 pounds buying a bottle of water at tourist joints.Rooms had a new and fresh feel to them. Nice flat screen tv, bathroom slightly compact but was acceptable. Were given an early check in for no extra charge and hotel also has a store for keeping luggage which we used as we were catching a flight late evening and checked out early morning, roamed around came back picked up our luggage and went to the airport. Would rate it a 10/10.	
Jun 14 2008 	Grandly frustrated	Gee whiz did we suffer some frustration (and by the line at reception we were not alone). Booking, credit card authorisation procedures and the knowledge of the staff at reception were all questionnable. On the plus side it is a great location. Just at the end of the day, I wish the service had been better/	
Jun 14 2008 	Ideal Lodging - couldn't be better!	Booked my three day stay in this hotel based on reviews I read from this TripAdvisor website. I was not disappointed. For my brief stay in London it was ideal! Centrally located, clean, free wi-fi, with a friendly staff who were very helpful. I will return for sure.	
Jun 1 2008	Great Location and Experience	I am not sure if some of the posters here stayed at the same Grand at Trafalgar that I stayed. The service was outstanding, we arrived at the hotel almost 4 hours before our check-in time, after a 8hr overnight flight from the US. I used this hotel as a one day stop on my way to Dover to catch our cruise ship.The manager not only allowed us to occupy the room early, he upgraded my room without me asking. I mentioned in passing that I had found his hotel thru tripadvisor and he immediately commented that the staff at the hotel monitored the postings here. Also, the hotel was one of the better priced hotels I had during my holiday in England. I purchased the hotel thru Hotwire for $93.00 a night, which I think is a bargain for central London.The hotel is located 75 yards from the Charing Cross tube stop and is only 150 yards from the Thames. The room was clean and had free WIFI internet access. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend as a base to sight see in London? 100% YES.Regards,Ben	
May 15 2008 	Very good location but small room	We've just returned from a 3 day-stay and this hotel is a really top location (Next to Trafalgar Sq, Charing Cross and Embankement Tube Station, pubs, restaurants...) in central London.We've booked through [--] and got a Standard Double room for £84 + taxes per night.The room itself was nicely appointed, on the 8th floor, with flat Screen TV, Internet acces (didn't use), shower, nice queen bed and view on Big Ben and Westminster Abbey.The only &quot;bad&quot; thing is the size of the room. Not large, not small but ok for 2 and 2 luggages. Noisy aeration outside the window. Free Water in the Corridor with PET-bottle and Ice!Otherwise a good choice only if you can get a good price.	
May 14 2008 	Awesome Location!!	We were pleased with this hotel and we recommend it to anyone who is looking for a central location in London, but not so particular about good service. We definitely got our money’s worth and we appreciated the complementary amenities. We agree with the previous reviews: location the excellent, but the service was poor. However, the pros definitely outweighed the cons. PROS:1. Awesome location - steps from trafalgar square, 15 minute walk to the London Eye and Westminister Abbey/Big Ben, 20 minutes to Picadilly Circus and Buckingham Palace, Charing Cross rail station 5 minutes. Chinatown is about a 10 minute walk north of the National Gallery. Grocery store and restaurants right around the corner (also near Charing Cross Rail Station). City bus and On-Off bus stops are in front of the hotel. 2. Complementary coffee, filtered-water, high speed internet - There are filtered-water dispensers on each floor and the hotel provides new empty bottles for your water. Coffee is found on the 2nd floor and is available all day long. High speed internet is available in the guest rooms and a computer connected to a printer will allow you to print at no cost on the 2nd floor. 3. Rooms - Very clean and contemporary. Our room had a microwave and a small refrigerator. This was most helpful in a pricy city. We bought microwaveable food from the Tesco down the street and nuked it our room. We had a view of Big Ben, the London Eye, and the top of Westminister Abbey from our room on the 9th floor. Also, there are history books and London travel books in the room for guest to read. The hotel also provided an umbrella in each room for the unpredictable London weather (it actually snowed on our first day there and the umbrella was a lifesaver).4. Other Hotel Amenities - A small laundry room is available on the 3rd floor at no cost, great for the light packer. There is a vending machine in the same area. CONS:1. Service - The front desk was a hit and miss. One concierge was not very helpful. He always sounded annoyed. It was easier to look up the information ourselves on the internet. On our last day we checked-in our luggage at the front desk and upon picking it up we were guided to a back room where all the checked luggage were stored to get our own luggage. 2. Room Heater - On 2 out of our 4 night stay, the heater was working and the other 2 nights it was not (although, the temperature in the room was comfortable). It seemed as though the heat was shunted to different parts of the hotel on different days. Our friends who were on the 2nd floor had heat on the days we did not. 2. Elevators - Guests need to insert their room key into the slot before pressing the number of the floor. We often met other guests in the elevator on the 9th floor who were trying to get to the first floor. It was nice to know that we were not alone. (Not a big deal, though).3. Room doorknobs - I'm only 5'3'' and I had a hard time opening the guest room door because the doorknob is placed very low on the door. 4. Hotel house phones - there were no hotel house phones in common areas (ie. the lobby, 2nd floor, etc). We asked the front desk if we could call another guest in their room from the front desk phone since we were in the lobby, we were told by the concierge that we had to go back to our room (which was on the 9th floor) to make such a call. If we were to go back to london, we'd probably stay here again since the location was excellent, the price was very reasonable, and the amenities were convenient. But we'd probably look elsewhere if we were looking for excellent service.	
May 8 2008 	Great location and lovely hotel	The hotel is situated about 2 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square. The setting of the hotel is very good with the impression that it is going to be something special The reception area is small with no amenities other than a check in desk.Check in was fast and both lifts were in working order.On the 2nd floor was a lounge with free tea and coffee. At the entrance to each floor as you exit the lifts there are complimentary ice machines for crushed ice or cold water and a residents locker for extra towels and pillows. The use of this has to be requested via the reception.The room was excellent though a bit small as a family room. Free internet via the TV, microwave and climate control. The third bed was a sofa chair that would be ok for the under 12s.We did not have breakfast in the hotel but used the restaurant on the corner which did a good cooked breakfast at about 5 pounds.For drinks at night we bought wine from the local Tescos which is only a 2 minute walk away and as the room had a fridge drinks could be kept cold.This hotel is excellent for visiting all the west end attractions and given its location i think is good value for money.We would definitley stay again.	
May 8 2008 	Not so grand but okay	Probably once quite grand, renovations have stripped most of the grandeur away. If you look closely you will notice signs of its once elegant former self, like the marble staircase in the center, which can easily be missed if you take the elevator. It's clean and perfectly adequate but there's not much that's memorable about it. A colleague stayed in a room with more charm and original details than my square box, so the rooms may vary quite dramatically. It's so self-serve you barely see any staff. The location is convenient -- at Trafalgar Square and very near Covent Garden. I liked the filtered water machines in the hallway. I did not like the horrifying cab ride to Kensington that was arranged by the hotel. It was the driver's first day (I believe in London, not just driving a cab) and his navigation system didn't work. Enough said, but I learned the hard way to NEVER take any cab that isn't a Black Cab -- this particular cab was green and operated by who knows what cab company.	
May 7 2008 	Great hotel great location	My wife and I had a 4-night stay at the Club Quarters Trafalgar Square (May 2-5 2008) and really have nothing but good things to say about our stay. We had stayed at another Club Quarters in New York about a year prior and had a good experience there as well. Our room was very clean, with plenty of room and sufficient amenities. The facilities seem very new and nothing is worn out in any way. The one thing that everyone seemed to have trouble with was the elevator. There's a card reader required to operate the elevator that doesn't work really well.The location of this hotel is definitely one of its highlights. We took the Heathrow Express and then the tube to get to the Charing Cross station, which is maybe 2 minutes walking distance to the hotel (Its a busy intersection). From the hotel its only 15 minutes walking to Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, most of the theaters, Big Ben and Parliament, The London eye, etc. A tourist visiting London could really not ask for a better location to stay. As for food, there is a reasonably priced (but fancy looking) Italian resturaunt across the street, a generic British resturaunt next door, a Tesco Express at the corner, a great pub across the street, etc. The wireless interent service was a bit spotty in our room (the antennas seem to be on one side of the building), but it did work and was reasonably fast.	
May 5 2008	Godd hotel in a GREAT location	Originally wanted to stay at the Jesmond Dene but it was fully booked, so went for this on on its location. You couldn't get more central than this - literally just a few yards off Trafalgar Square and close to both Embankment and Charing Cross tube stations. We were only staying the one night - 2nd May 2008 and wanted somewhere not far from Theatre Royal Drury Lane and Joe Allens in Exeter Street (brilliant for pre-and post-theatre meals). Check-in was easy and automated (if you wanted - just a little instruction needed). Staff at reception very polite and helpful. We had room 511 at the front of the hotel. Sticking my arm out the window I managed to get a fairly good picture of Trafalgar Square and Nelson's column. Our room was spotlessly clean, comfortable and modern. We had a Queen-size bed and armchair which converted into a single bed for our daughter. The &quot;kitchenette&quot; had crockery, cutlery, small sink, kettle, fridge and microwave. Both beds were comfortable with nice linen and towels. The shower was superb! Free chilled water and bottles in the hallways were an added bonus. The only &quot;problems&quot; were: a) the kettle (the lead was loose in the plug - it still worked fine so I mentioned this for health &amp; safety as we were leaving next morning), and b) being woken at 6.00am by traffic noise, but this was CENTRAL London after all. We didn't have the hotel's continental breakfast as we thought £9.90 each was a bit too much. (Go round the corner into Whitehall and just a few yards down on the left is a great old pub called &quot;The Old Shades&quot; where we had a great Full English Breakfast including your choice of hot drink for only £4.95. We went back that evening for steaks too). Overall the hotel is a great choice for comfort and location. The price was £147 without breakfast - but there were three of us so pretty good really. We would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 24 2008 	Great central location and reasonably priced business class hotel	I have stayed at the Club Quarters numerous times on business travel. If possible you should have your company activate a membership with CQ. The hotel is the most reasonably priced, centrally located business hotel in London. The rooms are generally well appointed with internet included in the tariff, there are rooms and lounge for meetings, and did I mention that the hotel is centrally located near trafalgar square.The staff are helpful, pleasant, and usually efficient. They have accomodated several requests for changes of room and early check in (with additional tariff). I highly recommend the CQ for business related travel.	
Apr 23 2008	Grand-ish	Location is indeed the trump card for this hotel as recurs throughout the reviews. And at the end of the day justifies its choice as a safe, sound and reasonably priced tour base. The hotel is no 'Grand' though- public spaces are minimal, the promised Restaurant/Bar in late 2007 is an untruth requiring an urgent truthful update (no evidence of any progress....), the Lounge is not accessible to pleb visitors (unless you stand swiping looking innocently at your faulty card till a 'club' member takes pity or passes by) (ha!). Breakfast was advertised in the room cheaper than earlier eviews (~£6 I think) but had transmogrified to £10 on arrival in the breakfast zone. A tad overpriced for continental. BUT.... my mother who's 60th birthday treat this was had never stayed in a big hotel before, and loved it. Took photos for souvenirs. Felt special. It's all relative...	
Apr 14 2008 	Good location poor service	This hotel is in a great location and for that it can’t be faulted.The room was OK, bit dusty in places and overlooked the back of the hotel, so a bit dark and noisy from various vents etc.The one problems which shouldn’t really be a problem was there was no air conditioning, this being March and it snowing outside I didn’t think it would be a problem.However, the ambient temperature of the room was so warm that the window had to be kept wide open at all time, even through the night which didn’t help with the noise. But as you’re really only in the room to sleep it did make for a couple of uncomfortable nights.The desk staff couldn’t care less and didn’t want to move us room due to the rate we were on, they suggested opening the window and did offer a desk fan to help. Although I had to wait 3 hours and chase it twice before it showed.You do get a microwave and fridge in the room and there is ice and bottles of filtered water in the halls which is a nice touch.As this hotel is part of the Club Quarters organisation there are certain facilities that are mentioned in your room that aren’t available to guest at the The Grand (there are separate reception desks) and you don’t get access to the lounge.	
Apr 14 2008 	Unsurpassable location and nice rooms	We stayed here March 08. The hotel's location couldn't be better, with Leicester square, Chinatown, Soho, Covent Garden, Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, Big Ben and the houses of Parliament all within short walking distances. The rooms were nicely decorated in a modern style and spotlessly clean, although quite small. The hotel building itself is very grand from the street and the staff were smiling and helpful. There's nowhere to eat in the hotel but that's not really a problem with huge numbers of restaurants within a few minutes' walk! Overall we enjoyed our stay here and found it really good value, given the quality of the room and the central location. We'll definitely be staying again next time we're in London.	
Apr 9 2008 	Excellent Location	very clean and very large rooms. which is excellent after a long day of touring, plenty of room to rest and relax. very safe area, with everything in walking distance. restaurants ? about 50 within a 15 minute walking radius. we did not have to use the underground , but it is only a 2 minute walk away or get a cab once except to leave. location was perfect . we stayed 7 nights and could have stayed 7 more, and only got a taste of this awesome city. this hotel is a true gem!	
Apr 3 2008 	Great hotel excellent location	My husband and I spent 2 nights at The Grand on a London City break, the hotel's location is excellent. We walked from Waterloo to the hotel and walked to most of the London sights (Leicester Sq, Oxford St, Covent Garden etc).The hotel itself is great - clean, good sized rooms with all the necessary amenities. Complimentary chilled water (in plastic bottles) was a nice extra. room rate was reasonable for a central london hotel.Although it didn't have many communal areas (inc a restaurant - although I know this is due to be opened shortly) this wasn't a problem for us - we wanted to explore the city not sit in hotel room.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great location good price basic room	This hotel is in an excellent location and the price is affordable for London, but still expensive at 160 pounds. The rooms are clean and of good size, but ours which was at the back of the hotel was very dark with one window overlooking an alley. The ventilation system is noisy- a problem for those who sleep lightly. We will try another hotel next time even if we must pay a bit more.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Location Decent basic accomodations	This hotel is in a great location steps from Trafalgar Square and both the Charing Cross and Embankment Tube stations. Leiceister Square is only a few blocks away so it's also very convenient to many restaurants and shows. The hotel includes free Internet access, but it was disrupted for a full day during our stay. Additionally the elevators didn't work sometimes, but there was always one in working order.The free filtered water and bottles in the hallway are a nice touch. Breakfast is available for a charge... we went to the Tesco a few doors down and picked up fruit, pop, and breakfast bars instead much more cheaply. Rooms include a refrigerator and microwave too.There are many friendly and affordable pubs near this hotel as well.	
Mar 27 2008 	Very nice reliable hotel for tourists and business travelers	I visited this hotel on a business trip and felt it was quite adequate for travelers like myself, or tourists coming from outside the country. The amenities were very nice and similar to that of a large hotel chain. The location was unbeatable - right in the middle of Trafalgar Square. I worked all day, but the locale made it so I could run out at night, anywhere nearby, to photograph beautiful buildings and sites. The breakfast was continental and standard - yogurts, coffee, bread, cheese, meats, etc. The rooms were substantial - just make sure to request one on the street to get that sun into your room. I was on the 2nd floor and heard very little street noise. I would likely not stay here again only because I prefer smaller, more personal hotels. But I would recommend this spot to a family who needs all the amenities of home, or a business traveler working in downtown London.	
Mar 25 2008 	A Great Location!	We stayed at The Grand at Trafalgar Square for 4 nights in March and it was terrific. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and accomodating. Our room was spacious and lovely. We were concerned because of some of the reviews that we had read but we felt that our room was very comfortable and spacious (I guess by NYC standards anyway). There were two of us and we were quite comfortable.But the best thing by far was the location. It was so super central to everything that we could walk or take the underground anywhere, conveniently and easily. We went to Buckingham Palace, Piccadily, the London Eye, Westminster Abbey, Kensington Gardens, Harrods, and many other places and it was all very, very easy. The underground (train) was just up the street (Charing Cross) so getting there from Healthrow was a breeze. It was also supereasy to purchase the Oyster Card (for the train) the moment we arrived in Heathrow. All so easy to accomplish.As for our room, it faced the back of the hotel, but this was fine by us because it was sunny (no obstructions) and it was super quiet. We slept soundly with no complaints. The hotel is smart to place spring water fountains on every floor so that you can refill your bottle of water if you'd like.We spent most of our time sightseeing and seeing shows so we didn't spend a lot of time in our room. However, the bathroom facilities were excellent, very clean, and our room was new and very comfortable. Great bed, tv, and very comfortable. The only negative was that the front desk is too small. Because the front desk can really only handle one person (two max) at a time, the line ques up fast and that can be a drag. We were lucky and arrived at a time when no one was on-line, but as soon as we were done, we turned around and the line was long. Not good. They need to enlarge the hotel's front desk and add a few extra chairs to the lobby area as well. Overall though, it was a terrific hotel and we will definitely return!	
Mar 21 2008 	Good value for this postcode.	We were one of three middle-aged couples having a weekend break, and CQ Traf Sq suited our purposes admirably.Staff were very efficient and helpful, rooms were spotless and pleasantly appointed in contemporary style.Location is everything, so close to the heart of the city and many of its attractions; lots of amenities close by.Nothing frilly or pretentious, you wouldn't call it special by any means, just very good value for this part of the world - we'll certainly return.	
Mar 19 2008	Great location	We spent two nights in this centrally located hotel, We found it adequate but lacking any kind of atmosphere and the room was on the small side. We had one flattish pillow each and when we requested extra ones we were told none were available. Our bathroom wasn't cleaned after our first night and the toiletries were not replenished. The towels were very small and skimpy. The TV was very basic - no text and not many channels. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but at Garfunkel's, almost next door and paid far less than we would have done at the hotel.	
Mar 12 2008 	Better than expected!	Took my Fiancee fo a weekend in London on the 9th March, I spent hours searching on-line for a hotel. I must say we were so impressed with this hotel, Location- Fantastic, Room- Excellent.I was worried we would have a very basic room as I only wanted a standard double as we hadnt planned on staying in the room much, but for £98 it was Awesome! Highly modern, clean, spacious, sat tv, everything you would need for a 1 night stay.Tube only 1 min walk, Traf Square 1 min walk, Leicester Square 5 min walk ,Tesco Express 1 min away, loads of Resturants and good pubs all within 5/10 mins.Overall 10/10!! Highly Recommend.Only negative, Breakfast not included in price, they wanted £9 pp, So we went to the Weatherspoons round the corner £3.69 massive breakfast!!!! Loved it!!	
Mar 7 2008 	Fine.	Nice location and very good price. Overall experience is fine. Not much to complain about, not much to rave about either. The rooms are smallish (and the bathrooms are tiny) but perfectly comfortable. Flat screen TVs, decent lighting. It's only 1/2 a block from the edge of Trafalgar Square and the Charing Cross tube stop. No restaurant in the hotel (they do have a breakfast buffet) although that wasn't an issue for us.	
Mar 5 2008 	Excellent location 	After reading many excellent reviews our expectations were high &amp; we were relieved when they were met in every way. Stayed for 3 nights &amp; were a matter of yards from Trafalgar Square so couldn't be more conveniently located for transport links (bus, tube &amp; water ferry all within 5 mins walk) as well as numerous shopping, entertainment &amp; eating options. Super speedy check in, a comfortable room with all the required amenities including an umbrella &amp; hair dryer with a long enough lead to use AND reach the mirror! Basic tea &amp; coffee making, This hotel is specifically equipped for business use rather than tourist &amp; the room had a fridge &amp; microwave but you won't find things like a mini-bar. If you want to spend a lot of time within the hotel then this is probably not perfect but there is now a bar &amp; restaurant (although we didn't even bother to look at them - too much else to do &amp; look at!) Everything was clean through-out the hotel. Staff were helpful - we asked for an extra pillow which had been placed in our room by the time we returned to the hotel later that evening.	
Mar 3 2008 	Perfect in London	This hotel is perfect. If you know London and don't want to stay in some chintzy tourist trap, but you want location, cleanliness, modern and (for London) spacious, then this hotel ticks all the boxes.The staff could be considered a little on the perfunctory side, and the actual check in area is cramped and a bit unprepossessing, but the rooms are large, modern, clean and perfect. The American ice and water machine is a lovely touch, and the ironing board and tea and coffee making facilities most appreciated.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who loves to walk London, doesn't need much fuss or advice and wants to be in the thick of things.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great location great price	We were a little alarmed when we asked our London cabbie to take us to the Club Quarters Hotel,Trafalgar Square, and he said he didn't know it. London cab drivers famously seem to know every inch of London. But that interaction, best describes the hotel- it goes somewhat unnoticed on the London hotel list. The outside of the hotel is unassuming- no doormen or bellhops. Inside is a small concierge desk, self-service check-in, and elevators that require a keycard before they take you anywhere (when said keycards prove fickle, it can be a bit annoying)The location is great- a block from Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery- the hotel is very accessible.Amenities- while the lobby is sparse, the rooms feature pretty much everything a business traveler would need- free high speed internet access and flat screen TV. There is free bottled water from a dispenser in the hallway and an adequate breakfast served every morning. There is no restaurant in the hotel, so late night meals need to be delivered or you need to go out.Room- small but comfortable. Enough room to spread out. A desk to work at. No amazing views or luxurious comforts.Overall a great place to stay.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great location great hotel	I agree with all the positive stuff already written. Fantastic location, clean, quiet, efficient hotel. We travelled as a family of four and had a good sized family room - king size bed and sofa bed. Bathroom was small and towels were miniscule but apart from that, no complaints. We were cold though, but the staff arrived with a fan heater within five minutes of us calling down to reception. Same when we needed extra towels. Cannot complain, great service!	
Feb 29 2008 	Fantastic location friendly staff wonderful resource	Fantastic location for both business and pleasure literally steps from Trafalgar Square. Incredible value. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Free wi-fi in the room, work room available for wi-fi, workstations or quick informal meeting ... or relax and watch TV. Complementary coffee, tea, and bottled water available. Friendly staff and helpful service, even, for a light-service hotel.Not a high end London hotel but a wonderful resource.	
Feb 29 2008 	Perfect Location 	The hotel is in a brilliant location and easy to get to from Gatwick airport thanks to train and underground links. It is 2 min walk to a tube station and seems to be central for everything else. Trafalgar square, picadilly, the mall, covent garden, everything is in easy walking distance. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The self checkout was great, very efficient. The rooms are modern, clean and comfortable. The views from the rooms are great, although better depending which side your room is on. We were a party of 6 with 3 rooms and they were all great. It was very handy to have free mineral water, and ice on our floor too. Next time I go to London I would stay here, it was great!	
Feb 28 2008 	Good Value for Money	This is a great hotel if you're on business. There's Wifi, a decent desk and comfortable chair. Location is fabulous.The rooms were clean and functional. The bed was comfortable and furnished with a feather duvet.Beware that there is no restaurant in the hotel, so if you're getting in late and want room service for dinner, they will order in for you, but it takes around 45 minutes. They do serve a buffet continental breakfast.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good value	The Grand isn't all that grand, but it's a good value hotel. The rooms are smallish by American standards, but perfectly adequate and well appointed with internet access and flatscreen tvs.The outlets on the desk were broken.	
Feb 27 2008 	I loved swiping the card key	Found a mini suite through londontown.com for a very reasonable price. A part from the long time spent checking in (there was only one receptionist), we enjoyed our stay at Club.i really loved the fact that you had to swipe your card key to access the gym, the library, the tearoom.Our bedroom had a double bed and a sofa bed, a kitchenette with a microwave and a fridge.The bathroom was big enough and very clean. There was a plasma TV which could also be used a PC since the remote was a sort of keyboard. Internet connection was free.On each floor there are vending machines and ice machines as well as drinking water available to be bottled in the free bottles provided.The drawback of this hotel is that there is no restaurant, so you have to go out to get breakfast. Anyway, this is not a major issue since the hotel is within walking distance to Leicester Sq and the Strand.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great stay	We stayed one night, it was great as close to Waterloo where our train arrived (15min walk).The check in/out is electronic and was easy. The staff that we met were very helpful.The room was quiet and clean, comfy.A great base for exploring as its very central. Breakfast wasnt included but most guests simply had to walk a few minutes to a well known chain restaurant that had great breakfasts.Would go again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Superb location comfortable	The Grand is just off Trafalgar Square and is a superb location for London’s theatres, opera houses and classical music venues, museums and art galleries. It’s also close to Westminster and the Eye. The hotel is a recent boutique type conversion of a late 19c ‘grand’ hotel. The compact rooms are adequately furnished but have limited storage and small bathrooms. The public areas are limited, with the bar and restaurant under construction. The hotel serves a good buffet breakfast and organises ‘take-in’ room service from a range of local outlets. There is a small gym, excellent free internet access and good laundry/dry cleaning service. The staff are friendly and helpful. The hotel is affiliated to Club Quarters, whose members and guests have lower rates and some additional privileges, including access to a lounge. Rating: three star plus now but will be more when completed. Recommended for a short stay but this is not a ‘destination’ hotel.	
Feb 19 2008 	hidden gem in a stunning location at a good price	It's rare to get a hotel in London which is worth writing anything positive about, so I normally abstain...after all - if you don't have anything good to say, then don't say anything at all....So here we are with the Grand. This small, recently renovated hotel is in a simply stunning location 20m of Trafalgar square, 3 mins walk from Charring Cross....yet it is not burdened by being positioned on a major noisy road...In reality it is not a hotel as such, rather an executive club lounge with sleeping accommodation. The reception is small and guests are encouraged to check in using the automatic check in facilities which issue key cards automatically…ingenious if you are in a rush - though staff were about to guide you through the process.The second floor lounge area doubles up as a lounge and breakfast hall. There is a PC work station with complementary internet and a decent laser printer which is useful if you do everything online including Airline check in. None of this key code rubbish or 30 minute internet restriction for a tenner...simply hop on and hop off and Bob's your uncle. Another well thought of idea is the fact you can print directly from your room using the Wifi or LAN connections.The rooms are small – this is after all London! but well appointed and tastefully decorated…no English country garden or Mary Poppins pink toilet covers crap here: just clean, cool creams, browns and greys – it is after all a hotel designed for men. The air conditioning was a bit noisy and the room temp range was 18-25C…but it did feel kind of chilly with the damp cold winter outside. Plenty of sockets for gadgets. No minibar though....but just next to the lounge are complementary mineral water bottles and ice buckets. Tea/coffee facilities in room with kettle.Decent 26” ish flat screen with a mixture of approx 25 English channels some with subtitling options in foreign languages, 2 phones one on the desk and one DECT cordless and a digital clock radio.The only let down was that there were in-hotel room service facilities as yet, but they provided a delivery service covering most tastes from locally based restaurants– minimum order was 20 quid + delivery. Delivery took an hour and was added to the room charge. But let’s face it, you don't come to town to stay locked in the hotel all day and night….and there are enough restaurants to cater for most tastes within 5 mins walk...Pizza Express was 3 mins away just in front of the Cx station.Breakfast was also a bit anorexic and would struggle to keep kate moss happy.....and over priced at 20 quid a person, so we just hopped in a cab and went down to the Wolesley on Piccadilly for some hearty brekky for a similar price.Best thing of all was the distinct lack of brats, ok there were a few - but only seen fleetingly and not heard. Keep the kids away and this will remain a hidden gem for distinguished traveller not willing to pay an arm and a leg for London's 5* hit and miss hotels.This hotel is a good example how the big boys should do it....Free internet, free printing, automatic check in, irresistible location, friendly front desk when you needed them and remarkably quiet rooms considering location….	
Feb 18 2008 	Excellent Location	Myself &amp; my boyfriend stayed here for a weekend (Fri-Sun). The location was excellent, everything was in walking distance. There was FREE purified water on each floor. Our room was located at the front of the hotel and the noise levels were never disruptive. Check-in &amp; Check-out is hassle free with the express method. Only thing we can't comment on is the food. It's such an ideal location, you're surrounded by bars/cafes so we went out 2 eat on both nights. Would definitley stay here again &amp; recommend it to others.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a great location and the staff were pleasant. Aprreciated the free internet and on site free laundry.	
Feb 9 2008 	Amazing in every way! Right between Big Ben 	AMAZING MODERN PROPERTY!! PERFECT loation...50 m from Embankment Tube/Thames, 40 m from Trafalgar &amp; RIGHT around the corner from Big Ben/Parliament! Super-High Security with swipe card for access EVERYWHERE! This is a private club for business travelers, usually...but I got lucky! There was a GREAT breakfast buffet daily, on the 2nd floor, for 5 pounds? I think. Huge marble lobby &amp; professional staff... the maid even looked like a super-model! Hehe. Roomy MODERN LED lift. COOL bottled water dispenser/refiller outside my door that was very James Bond-ish.The room... gorgeous &amp; pretty roomy. Beautiful appointments &amp; SUMPTUOUS bed! Big 32&quot; LCD TV &amp; plenty of built-in desk &amp; drawer areas. Corner wardrobe with shelves &amp; room to hang your going-out clothes. Plenty of modern gizmos. Bathroom fairly roomy &amp; ultra-sleek/modern! Double lighted, extending makeup mirrors, and roomy enough shower (no bath) with huge removable shower massager...even a AC/Heating vent BUILT-IN to enclosure! The windows opened up to bustling London, below, with heavy drapes that block the sun nicely. There was plenty of desk space for writing postcards, and nothing lacking. The ENTIRE property is spotless, new, and perfect! NO restaurant, presently, but a TON of EVERYTHING 2 mins walk away. Internet access in the room, as well as FREE webTv. There's also a internet access point &amp; computer on each floor, in the breakfas room/meeting &amp; lounge area on each floor, with a flat-screen there, as well. Oh, and you can print there FROM your room, too!	
Feb 4 2008 	Good (but not great) hotel at best location in London	This is a good (but not great) hotel in an excellent location. The reading room is very special with a great atmostphere (five star hotels please note). The rooms are average, (no mini bar) but adequate. The breakfast was unfortunately disappointing and way overpriced. Staff seemed efficent and friendly. The location crowns it, within seconds of Trafalgar Square and within walking distance of Westminster and Buckingham Palace. I will go back!!	
Jan 30 2008 	Convenient to central London	I stayed in the Club Quarters as it is steps away from my firm's London office. It is a nice clean hotel with comfortable compact rooms. The housekeeping is fine, there is a microwave, coffee/tea maker and a few dishes and cutlery in the room. This made it convenient to prepare some microwave meals from the 24 hour Mini-Tesco on the corner after late meetings. There is a washer and dryer available on the third floor for guest use. I did not use it, but I noticed it when I went to the drinks machine. There is only one but it was not in use the evening I looked at it. Very convenient if you want to rinse out a few things and not use the sink in the room. Filtered water and bottles are available on each floor as are closets with extra room supplies, ironing boards and irons so you can just collect them as you need them and not wait for someone to bring them to you, this is actually quite convenient. There is a lounge with newspapers and coffee on the first floor open to members only. My firm is a member, but I thing that all room keys probably open it. Check in was quite quick and easy as you don't have to wait for a staff member, but simply check in using your credit card in a machine not unlike airport check in kiosks. Check out was as easy. They are building a restaurant, as well as a bar but they are not completed yet. That is not actually a problem as there are plenty of restaurants on The Strand 100 yards away. They do not have room service, but the will shop for groceries at market prices and place them in the in room fridge for £2 service fee. There is also a list of places that will deliver to the room in a binder in the room. The prices on the weekends are quite reasonable for Westminster and non-members are welcome on the weekends. (Frankly they are probably welcome during the week but I have no idea as my firm is a member - as are many other large firms. There is both wired and wireless access in the rooms as well as the common areas. There is a printer that may be used with these connections, however I didn't print anything. One has to go to a central location to relase the job and pick it up (from the hotel's computer - you needn't lug your laptop to the printer). Housekeeping is quite flexible as I requested that they return later in the day as I was having telephone calls to the US east coast during the usual cleaning time.It is close to the Embankment Tube station and Charing Cross train station. Taxi's are ubiquitous at all hours. The streets are not too loud as there are double windows.	
Jan 25 2008	Great Location - Need to work on their bookings	The location is unquestionably great - walking distance to the Strand, Trafalgar Square, and Covent Garden. We found a great deal on londontown.com and booked a suite which was to include a kitchen which we wanted since we were staying in London for close to a week. However, when we arrived, we were given a room without a kitchen - the staff said we were downgraded in their system for some reason. We asked to switch rooms and the staff was great and promptly switched us to a room with a kitchen. However, the window in our second room wouldn't close. It was around dinner time and when we called, the staff assured us it would be fixed and we should go out to dinner. We came back after dinner to find the window still stuck open. We called the front desk who sent maintenance to check on it but they couldn't fix the window either. This was around 11pm. We couldn't stay in the room because it was freezing. There was no other room with a kitchen available so we were moved to another room without a kitchen and told we would be moved to a room with a kitchen the next night. So we packed back up to our third room at around midnight.The next morning, we left our stuff packed and the staff told us that they would move us to a room with a kitchen that morning and not to worry about anything. We returned that afternoon to find that we were moved back to the room with the broken window - except the window had not been fixed. Then we were told that all the rooms with kitchens had been booked and there was nothing they could do. We offered to compromise - we would take a room without a kitchen if they lowered our rate accordingly. They said since we booked through Londontown.com, they couldn't adjust our rates. After about an hour or so and a lot of calling around, they &quot;found&quot; a room that they kept on reserve for showings. It was a very nice room with a kitchen. We were told we could stay in that room for at least 2 nights and might have to move again but in the end, we were allowed to stay in it. After we finally moved in, the room was excellent and we didn't really need any other hotel services. The free laundry was excellent. Use of a kitchen was great and what we wanted when we initially booked the hotel. The staff was nice and tried to be helpful but the coordination and logistics in giving us a room we booked and moving us once there was a problem was less than ideal. The hours we spent moving from room to room at the beginning of our stay spoiled the experience a bit.	
Jan 17 2008 	Excellent placed hotel		
Jan 14 2008 	Great location pick your room	RECOMMENDED. One of the best London locations, literally feet from Trafalgar Sq, easy access from Embankment Tube station, hotel is on a relatively quiet street, though rooms facing the street will have street noise. Rooms sizes vary, this is an older restored property. I changed initial room, one facing street had strange bedroom with bath built into room and then enclosed. But bedding &amp; lighting comfortable. I generally stay at St. Paul CQ as think that it is more comfortable (hence I don't give this 5*). But for location this CQ Trafalgar Sq is a super choice.	
Jan 10 2008 	Excellent location very good choice	I spent 1 night during business trip in this hotel : very central, very clean, modern rooms (flat screen tv, wood / glass), nice bathrooms. Overall really quiet, and wonderful lobby.Very good choice for a central location and very comfortable rooms.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Location		
Dec 28 2007 	Great place	This is a fab place to stay in London on a budget. We stepped out early Saturday morning to find Nelson towering only a hundred metres or so away - even if the place itself had been run down that alone would have given it the wow factor for me. But the place is fantastic - as long as you're not expecting a real hotel. We opted to pay a tenner more for a larger room and it was huge, pristine, beautiful fabrics, all the electronics you could want (I didn't want any but they looked impressive), a small dining table/large desk, a kitchenette, a decent bathroom (no bath - but you can't have everything for £85 a night). There was a shopping list in the room - staff will do your food shopping for you for £2 a time - and the prices were just ordinary supermarket prices. We also liked the chilled filtered water and the ice, available down-corridor.The drawbacks... no bar and no restaurant and although we rarely use these when we stay away, somehow the place lost some of its soul in not having them. Reception was very very efficient - wow - and polite though not overly friendly.Would I recommend it...? If you're on a budget and can get a good rate, yes (try Londontown.com). If it's going to cost as much as somewhere like the Rubens then no, go to a place where the welcome and service is exemplary. As we were meeting friends for a Christmas meal in St Martin's Lane it was perfect.And have breakfast in the Strand - we went to a tiny sandwich bar/ cafe place and had full English etc for half the price of the horrible Garfunkels nearby.	
Dec 16 2007 	Fantastic value for money hotel right in the heart of London!!		
Dec 3 2007 	Excellent value for money	All of our usual places had increased their rates substantially so we were lucky to find this hotel. Stayed here over the Thanksgiving break and was impressed at the ease of checking in and out of the hotel. Just swipe your card and you're done. Got a great rate from londontown.com of about 100 pounds/night and well worth it for cleanliness of rooms and location.The room had very comfortable double bed, microwave, air conditioner, and was very clean. No problems with service when the hairdryer broke. Housekeeping showed up almost the moment I put the phone down. Loved the free bottles of water as well!Fantastic location to get anywhere in or out of London (I very easily took Heathrow Express and tube to the hotel). I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants nice, clean accommodations but doesn't normally use hotel services like concierge or restaurant.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great Stay		
Nov 27 2007 	Great Location - Very Happy Here!	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights, November 22 - 26, 2007. When we arrived, shortly after 1:30 p.m. our room, on the 3rd floor was immediately available. I can't say that the front desk was the friendliest I've ever encountered but they were efficient and it took, at most, 3 minutes to get our key cards, take an imprint of our credit card and point us to the elevators (lifts). There were 2 sets of 2 lifts and they all seemed to be working for the entire visit but I did find it strange that one set was hidden around the corner from the check-in desk and not mentioned.Our room was &quot;down the hall and around the corner&quot; and they failed to mention that there were 2 steps, which wasn't a problem excect when rolling the suitcases to and from the room.Great features of this floor include a guest services closet with extra blankets, pillows and irons and ironing boards that could be borrowed. A separate room held laundry machines, an ice maker (!) and a microwave. I was also impressed that the vending machine charged just 60p for a can of Coke, which is half what I've paid in other London hotels. There was also a coffee maker in the vending room but I never used it. Near the elevators was a water purifier with spare bottles and pitchers. This was a very welcome touch.Our room, 331, was huge by the standards of many London hotels. The bed was a queen size (not the double that is standard in many London hotels) and there was a comfy chair that pulled out to a single bed if you needed to sleep a third person. The bed was very comfortable and had crisp white sheets and a big heavy duvet. The pillows were plentiful and comfortable. Each room has individual temperature and fan controls and we were able to make the room a nice temperature once we figured out the c/f conversion.The desk space was very large and well laid out with room to either unpack or live out of your suitcase. There wasn't a proper closet but there was an area with hangers and drawers.The room had a 23&quot; flat panel TV with hook-ups to connect your laptop, video player, or video game system. What a nice touch! The wireless wi-fi worked perfectly and without any complicated log-on protocols. The hotel directory said that it was even possible to print to a printer in the lounge from your room but we never tried this out. The TV didn't have a huge selection of channels (what London hotel does?) but did have the standard channels plus 3 Sky Sports channels, CNN, CNBC and Bloomberg. The hotel is obviously designed for business travelers. There was a clock radio with a CD player and two telephones.A hairdryer was provided as was a make-up mirror, making my wife very happy. The hotel also provided, as a courtesy, an umbrella in every room (5UKP charge if you steal it). There was an electric kettle with tea and instant coffee provided.The bathroom was well laid out and had the best water pressure I have ever experienced in London. The adjustable and variable shower head was very nice. The towels weren't the best but they certainly weren't the worst either. I found them a little rough the bath towel wasn't very large. It may be important to some people to note that this hotel seems to only have rooms with showers and not tubs.Housekeeping did a great job cleaning the room every day and seemed to operate on a later than usual schedule, so we weren't disturbed in the morning with a knock on the door.The hotel has a small fitness room in the basement with a few machines and free weights, which would be enough to keep some sort of routine going if you needed to (and there was a TV to keep you company).The guest lounge on the 2nd floor apparently serves an overpriced continental breakfast (we never had it) and had a TV and one general use computer. If you are a Club Quarters member, you have access to a much nicer lounge with newspapers, comfy chairs and a few more workstations.Sadly, this hotel still does not have a restaurant or bar and I saw no evidence of any haste being made to complete one. Several signs mentioned it was coming soon, but I'll be interested in seeing how long it takes to open. The area is great. The Sherlock Holmes Pub, across the street gets great reviews. The whole area has plenty of places to eat and it is just 2 blocks from Charing Cross Station. There is a 24 hour convenience store a half block away and plenty of fast food and take-away near the station. Charing Cross and Embankment are the two closest Tube stations. A large number of buses pass through Trafalgar Square and it wasn't hard to hail a taxi. The National Gallery and National Portrait Gallery can be seen from this hotel's front door. Covent Garden and Leicester Square are just a short walk.Check-out was quick and efficient but again, not very friendly. Overall, this hotel gained high marks for the location, quality of room and &quot;fit and finish.&quot; It lacks in friendliness of the staff and the dining/drinking options.I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Nov 25 2007 	good location but very poor service	I stayed here for two nights in November and I must say that the location was very good but the service was the worst I have ever received especially after paying more than 300.00/night. The workers at the hotel don't seem to care at all about their guests! When I arrived at the hotel my room was not even ready, my door to enter my room was left open by the maids, they charge you 1 pound per luggage that they have to keep it in storage for you, and they fail to disclose costs such as breakfast. For the price its not worth it....I recommend people staying at a more reputable hotel organization where you know you will receive proper attention and service. Worst service in Europe by far!	
Nov 21 2007	Small rooms but good location	Only stayed for one night as I was in London for business. The room was very small but had a decent tv with internet access. Staff were very nice.Excellent location.	
Nov 10 2007 	Not worth the $$		
Nov 7 2007 	Good value for a great location		
Nov 5 2007 	Nice hotel great location		
Oct 24 2007 	Great Weekend Value---Fantastic Location	Fantastic! 2 blocks from the Thames. 1/2 block from the national gallery and Trafalgar square. Clean rooms, comfortable bed, AND FREE LAUNDRY. Yes, FREE LAUNDRY. After a long european trip finishing in London, no better way to spend a rainy afternoon than lounging in a nice hotel room and doing your laundry.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great Hotel amazing location	Spent the weekend at this hotel in September '07. It's been recently renovated. The rooms are very nice and the bed was really comfortable.Our room was at the side of the hotel, so we looked out onto the wall next door - not perfect, but this meant that we heard no noise at all, which, for such a central location is amazing.You can't have a better location than this, it is by far the best in London and I used to live there, so know the city quite well. As yet the bar/restaurant is not open, but this is not a problem as there are so many places to eat and drink close by. That said, we went to Garfunkels (a couple of doors down) for breakfast on the first morning and my advice would be to give it a miss. The service was awful, the food average and the toilets horrible! If you cross the road and walk down the alley past the side of Sherlock Holmes pub (also don't eat here) you will come to a street littered with all sorts of places to eat/drink.We will definately be staying here again.	
Oct 7 2007 	3rd Class Treatment at 300 Dollars a Night	This hotel is part of a small chain that caters to business travelersin several major city financial and government hotspots. The locationis great, its clean, and nicely decorated. There is limited service, very limited. Part of the hotel's business strategy is to sell memberships to individuals and organizations in exchange for reduced rates. And, the hotel sells rooms to everyday travelers. I found I could not enter the member's lounge, although literature in my room said I had access. The front desk matter of factly told meI wasn't a member and did not have access. At $300 US Dollars a nightbefore taxes this felt less than hospitable or professional. There's a stratification of services and accesses I haven't encountered before.	
Oct 7 2007 	The good the bad and the elevator	If you have stayed at a CQ property previously you know that the rooms are very functional and very small. As business traveler on my own this is just great. For families, romantic getaways, etc., not for you.This hotel is in a terrific location, just steps off of Trafalgar Sq. and 2 blocks from Charing Cross RR station and underground. For the price (I booked a few months ago and paid Sterling 97) it can't be beat.However, this place has an elevator problem that needs to be fixed immediately and permanently. I checked in on Sept 29th at about 2pm and was told that 1 (of 2) &quot;lifts&quot; was down but that repair was on its way. After a long wait, I had to squeeze in with several other guests and their luggage in order to get to my room. I went out later in the afternoon and when I came back at about 5pm, both lifts were down. I walked up 8 flights and that was fine for me, these things can happen. But for an older guest, this could be more than a minor inconvenience.When I came back from dinner, all was right - both lifts were working. That would be the end of the story until...I checked back in today, a week later, and 1 of 2 elevators was down again. Again long waits to get to the upper floors. If management can fix this problem, you should stay here as this place has several great attributes. If not, stay away.	
Oct 4 2007 	Great Location - Good Hotel	Stay - 4 nights / 4 days.Location - Located just off Trafalgar Square and halfway between Charring Cross Station and Embankment Underground, it was perfect.Room - OK size for London, enough room for our bags, desk to work at and the bathroom was fine, also very clean. We had a room on the 9th floor so views were good - London Eye, Big Ben, etc. Other services they provide for free that we used were chilled water and water bottles (on every floor near the lifts) that you could help yourself to and on the 3rd floor was a laundry room (washer and dryer) that we made good use of.Food – Breakfast only, only had it one day - very basic - better to go up to the Strand and chose from any number of cafes.Staff - Quite good. We arrived about 7:30am and our room wasn't going to be ready till at least 12:30pm but they took in our luggage and let us put our valuables into their safety deposit boxes until our return.Overall - Booked through londontown.com and got a great rate for 3 of the 4 nights and standard rate for the last night (couldn't do any better using any other booking agent either). We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 2 2007	Great Hotel In A Prime Location		
Sep 25 2007 	Great but only if you get a good rate!	I booked via Londontown.com and paid 279GBP for 2 nights. I asked for a room with a fridge, microwave and a nice view (which you had to crane your neck out of the window to see) - it was very nice .....but I wanted it to be amazing.After paying for a better room and telling the hotel it was a special occasion I thought it was going to be fantastic, but from other reviews I feel let down, there are better rooms than that one (902) it was modern and clean but dark, narrow and with a tiny bathroom! Probably would have been ok for no more than 90GBP per night.My fiance remarked it's a real negative that there's no bar area or couches to relax, and the service is nothing to comment on, just impersonal as is expected.On the positive there are refillable water bottles, ice, ice buckets, pillows, iron and ironing board in cupboards along the corridor which can be accessed free of charge.Also the wireless keyboard in the bedside cabinet allows free internet access on the tv - great for checking tube times etc - just have plenty of patience.TIPS: when you check out you can leave your luggage at the hotel for 1GBP per bag - allowing you to see the sights before your train/flight.Buy an Oyster Card for the tube if you are making more than 3 journeys it will save you loads!	
Sep 25 2007	OK but not finished	The Grand is in a great location and the furnishings are plush, but be warned that I stayed there in September 2007 and the hotel wasn't finished. There is no bar or restaurant yet and the (expensive) buffet breakfast is served in a small lounge. The rooms are well-equipped but small and mine didn't have much natural light.	
Sep 23 2007 	Best value 4 star Hotel in London	My wife and I just returned from a 3 night stay and found the Hotel exceptional in every way. We payed a little extra for a deluxe double (around £90) which was worth it as we got a larger room with sofa, queen size bed and a kitchenette. The kitchenette which includes a fridge was really useful to make rolls and keep drinks in.The Hotel has recently been refurbished so everything is new and clean. Great location, immediately adjacent to Trafalgar Sq and 5 minutes walk to the west end.Now for the negative - guests are not allowed to use the lounge, which is reserved for members. Also, breakfast costs £9. Don't bother as there is a Garfunkles at the end of the street and a Tesco Metro so you can get supplies there. The tv loses reception and flickers sometimes, but you hardly notice it.Overall, a fantastic hotel that is great value for money.	
Sep 21 2007	Very good for the location	I booked this hotel through a website for a special rate of 99GBP with taxes.. it was absolutely worth the money. Excellent central location.. even the stations are very close, although I didnt have to use them. The rooms were neat &amp; modern, facilities like free internet &amp; fitness room are an added bonus. Overall, excellent for business stays. Good staff too.	
Sep 16 2007 	Good hotel good location	We stayed at The Grand from 8/24/07-8/26/07. The hotel room was very spacious and the furnishings new. We booked a room with a queen and a sofa bed. The queen had a great mattress. The sofa bed mattress was a bit on the thin side (I could feel some of the springs), but given that we were pretty tired at the end of each day, it didn't matter much. The bathroom is also new and the shower has good water pressure. There is also a really nice gym with new equipment and a very nice lounge (which I assume is where breakfast is served) where they have some very comfy chairs, a t.v. and computer if you need to kill time after checking out. The location is excellent in terms of being able to walk to many of the tourist attractions. Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery and the National Portrait Gallery are only 5 minutes walk away. We went for runs in St. James Park which was about 8-10 minutes away and could walk the 10-15 minutes to Buckingham Palace. There is also a tube station nearby. I would avoid eating at the nearby restaurants as they seemed a bit over priced since it is a touristy area. What we did find handy was the Tesco Express on the corner. We could buy snacks and drinks and store them in the hotel room's fridge. (The room had a little refrigerator, microwave and sink. They also provided a hair dryer and umbrella.)For the most part, the service from the hotel staff was good. We accidentally zapped the power in our room when we tried to plug something in (oops, and yes, we did use a converter), and they came right away to correct the situation. They took a little longer with the extra towels, but nothing too inconveniencing. (I thought it odd they knew there would be three in the room, set up the sofa bed, but not have 3 towels.) However, on our last day, the street in front of the hotel was closed due to construction, therefore taxis were not driving past the front of the hotel as they usually did. When we asked about taxi service in light of this condition, rather than offering to help us find a taxi, or have someone help us with our luggage (we each had one big suit case as we were travelling for 2 1/2 weeks), the gentleman at the front desk told us to just walk down two blocks to the next main street and hail a taxi from there. I personally thought he could have been a bit more accomodating, and after travelling to three more countries and experiencing service in those other hotels, I definitely know he could have been more helpful. He could have at least tried, I think. Nevertheless, as far as hotels go, it is a good place to stay if you are looking to be in a central location. The rooms are clean and spacious. They also do provide free bottled water which is very helpful. A pretty good deal for the price.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great hotel with a great location		
Sep 13 2007 	Brilliant Place to Stay!	We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the Hotel, every thing you need is available, you could just go to the Locker in the corridor for more Tea/Coffee/Milk if you needed it, Irons &amp; Ironing boards were there too. I needed extra pillows &amp; they weren't in the locker, I rang reception &amp; they were delivered to our room within 10mins. Loved the Iced water available at all times. Look forward to staying there again when there is a Guest Lounge for after Theatre Drinks. We were on the 7th floor at the back, but we had nice views &amp; only very slight traffic noise. The staff are all very friendly &amp; polite. The fact that you don't have to check out until 12noon was wonderful too. Excellent!!!!! Thank you.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great location and room	The hotel is a superb location, just steps from Trafalgar Square. Easy walk to tube (2 stations), Waterloo Station, Charing Cross, many attractions. The room was very large and well appointed by London or NY standards, and the shower was great. They do tend to stick it to you on any extras-- they wanted 60 pounds for early check-in before 2:00 PM and 9.90 for a cold buffet breakfast. There was free bottled water, one computer for guest use (hard to get a turn) and free wireless throughout the hotel. All in all a good choice for tourists or business in London.	
Sep 10 2007 	Perfect Location	Perfect Location. First visit to London and could not have been more pleased with location of this hotel.	
Sep 8 2007 	Best Location in London!	The Club Quarters at Trafalgar Square was the best hotel I've stayed in in London. (I've been many times). This is mainly because of its location just off Trafalgar Square. We were able to walk to just about everything we wanted to visit e.g. Covent Garden Leicster Sq, Oxford St, London Eye etc. The rooms were modern, comfortable and clean although I suspect our room was bigger than average due to it being on an awkward corner. The staff were pleasant and helpful at all times. We decided that at £9 the breakfast was a bit pricey so went to the local Tesco for sandwiches!All in all definately worth a visit!	
Sep 4 2007 	great location	Would definitely stay at this hotel again it is new, clean &amp; modern and situated in a great location for sight seeing, theatre's &amp; shopping. All mod cons Flat screen tv, queen bed, nice shower, there is no bar at present but plenty around the area and you do have slight traffic noise but I would imagine most places in London would be the same. Great weekend.	
Sep 3 2007 	Fabulous Location	Located just off Trafalgar Square, this hotel is so central, with tube station very close or an easy walk into Leicester Square etc for a good night out.The lobby is very grand and the rooms are really nice. Staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great location	Very good location. Clean rooms. Good size. Bathrooms are small. They don't advertise it but a washer and dryer (machines are free to use but soap is 1 pound per wash) are available in case you are planning a longer stay.Get a room with a microwave and refrigerator. Very useful again for longer stays.Had a water outage one morning caused by the city water supply. However, hotel did not handle the repercussions well. No water at all for 3 hours in the morning and I had to have the front desk call the manager at home (it was Sunday) to get the OK to have them let me shower at a sister hotel a few miles away. Luckily water supply was restored before I had to make the trip.Restaurant was still being constructed while we were there. Lobby is small but functional.Wireless internet was free along with water bottles everyday. Good connection and speed for the internet.Great value in the heart of central London.	
Aug 5 2007 	Great Location	We have just returned from our stay at Club Quarters, Trafalgar Square, having got what we thought was a bargin £173.00for 2 adults for 2 nights (although our hotel receipt did say it was only £56.75 per room per night but still cheaper than the travelodge) first impressions, the hotel is very 'Grand' our view of big ben and the london eye was fab!All attractions just a short stroll away.The only downside we encountered was there wasnt any water at all on Sunday! so a lot of smelly people in London that day! I was glad we hadnt drank all of our bottled water and was able to boil the kettel to have a quick wash.On the whole a great hotel rooms compact but big enough to suit a long weekend, fantastic location and great value.	
Aug 3 2007	Great location but overpriced	The hotel location was great; it was close to all major London attractions. The hotel was very expensive. The front desk customer service was very poor. They could not provide any help with booking theatre tickets or restaurant reservations. For the price we paid, the overall experience was very disappointing.	
Aug 1 2007	Lovely Stay	I stayed here on two separate occasions while traveling between London and Italy and had a marvelous time both stays, helped in part by the ease with which the staff took control of my luggage between stays. The first room I stayed in was a bit bigger and nicer than the second, but both exceeded my expectations in terms of comfort and cleanliness. The hotel's quite new, so everything is in beautiful working order (except the wireless internet which seemed not to reach my room for a few days during my second stay and then magically resolved itself.) The front desk people were helpful, but a bit bland -- this is not a hotel where you'll get a rousing greeting upon your arrival and a fond farewell upon your departure. What you get is competence, which is quite enough for me. (For example, I left behind a nice stainless steel water bottle in the fridge, called and asked if someone had found it and, when I returned for my second stay, it was waiting for me in the fridge of my new room.) The Grand is so comfortable, and so conveniently located (very close to every theater you could want to visit, and a really nice walk to the South Bank), that the slight stiffness at the front desk is not a problem. I will certainly stay here again. And again.	
Jul 28 2007 	Be careful about your room rate	When I checked in, I was quoted a room rate significantly above the web rate. When I produced the confirmation e-mail, the original rate was honoured, but as I checked out other guests were querying their rates - so it wasn't an isolated problem.Good room, if perhaps a bit small for two and some obvious fittings missing - fridge, safe. Good walk-in power shower - at least by UK standards.Hotel amenities are a bit basic - although the fitness room is good. I passed on the £9 continental breakfast - there are some great cafés nearby.One concern - while I was there there was a power cut, and the staff didn't sem able to cope. Obviously staff are kept to minimum to keep overheads low, but I wonder how they would cope in a real emergency.That said, if you can get a rate around £ 100 it's good value in a central location.	
Jul 27 2007	Great Hotel - Great Value - Great Location	I have been to London many times and I am happy I discovered The Grand. The room was very comfortable housing my wife and daughter. The kitchenette was convenient and allowed us to enjoy a couple of homemade breakfasts in our room. The location is smack dab in the centre of London close to all tourist attractions and 3 tube stations (Charring Cross, Embankment and 10 minutes from Westminster). Big Ben, Covent Gardens, Theatre District, The London Eye, The National Gallery are all minutes (walking) from this hotel. The staff was very helpful and very pleasant. The free laundromat on the 3rd floor was great as it allowed us to wash our laundry in the comfort of the hotel. I understand this hotel is 6 months old and has the feel of old English charm with all the amenities of a modern hotel. Our cabby mentioned that the hotel used to be an old Ministry of Defense building and the foyer has been completely restored. There are many restaurants and English pubs in the surrounding area. Hats off to Club Quarters for doing a great job restoring this hotel. We'll be back!	
Jul 25 2007	Great stay in London!	My husband and I loved this hotel. The location was perfect for getting around London. We could walk practically everywhere: the London Eye, Buckingham Palace, Picadilly Circus -- not to mention that we could see Trafalgar Square from our room. Anything out of the way was just an underground or bus ride away (like Notting HIll), and the bus passes just in front of the hotel. That said, the hotel was pretty quiet, the staff was efficient (not warm though). We loved that there was a laundry room we could use if we needed and that the hotel provided us with an environmentally-concerned alternative to buying bottled water. Skip breakfast at the hotel though and get it at a nearby restaurant. We loved going to the restaurants on St. Mark's just a five minute walk away. When we booked this hotel, we paid a bit more than some other options, but we loved every minute of our stay at the Grand and don't regret a thing!	
Jul 24 2007 	Great hotel great location	This hotel is in an absolutely great location - practically right on Trafalgar Square, close to Big Ben, House of Parliament, a 10-15 minute walk to Buckingham Palace, very close to the Theater District and Piccadilly Circus. Also, only one block to the footbridge to the South Bank.The rooms were larger than I expected (after staying three days in a smaller hotel in Paris), were updated and very tastefully decorated. They were very comfortable and were quiet. We were able to control the temperature in the room with a very easy to use digital thermostat. The bathroom wasalso a nice size, although the shower curtain allowed water to escape the shower and puddle on the bathroom floor. One very nice amenity was that there were bottles available to fill with cold purified water and take with us as we went about our site seeing. The staff was very professional and pleasant. I'm not sure this is the place if you have kids (no pool or other such entertainment), but it was perfect for adults. Apparently, the hotel was recent renovated (about 7 months ago) and the restaurant was not open while we were there. No big loss, though, as the hotel was close to several pubs and other restaurants.	
Jul 24 2007 	Really pleased with our choice	We stayed here for 2 nights - 6 &amp; 7 July 2007, we were coming to London to see the Tour de France and choose this hotel because of its location being close to Trafalgar Square, Whitehall, The Mall etc and were not disappointed when we found it. The hotel is literally a 5 minute walk from Charing Cross station and 2 minutes from Trafalgar Square. We were really pleased with the hotel, having booked through the LondonTown website at a discounted price, we paid £220 in total for a 'Superior' room with a kitchenette, the room was large and very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was nice and clean and the shower was good. I'm not sure what the full price should be and maybe you could find a cheaper place but we had no complaints whatsoever. There was no breakfast included but we just called into a coffee shop down the road and stocked up with provisions at the Tesco Extra just on the corner before going on our wanders. We would definitely stay here again next time we go to London.	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent value and what a location!	Given how last-minute we booked the hotel, we never expected to get anything half as nice for £84! The hotel is new (some facilities 'coming soon') and clearly oriented to guests of 'member clubs' - but neither thing should put you off. The location, 1 minute on foot from Trafalgar Square, is hard to beat, especially if your reason for being in town is the West End or South Bank theatres, clubs, etc.The room we had was a standard, but better (and less dull) than most chain hotels costing more than we paid. Excellent shower, comfy bed, nice furnishings. No mini-bar though, and the TV system seems too clever for its own good and occasionally cut out for no reason.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. There is chilled filtered water, and ice, on each level, which is a good idea and I don't know why more places don't do the water too.Would definitely recommend, especially given the bargain price!	
Jul 15 2007 	Enjoyed our stay	We stayed here 13 July and enjoyed our stay. We booked a deluxe room which had kitchenette facilities. Room is larger than average in central London , was very clean, had aircon. bathroom is small but adequate. Location is great - we could see Nelson from our room and it is literally a minute to Trafalgar Square and 5 minutes walk to Leicester Square. We got a good rate of £110 through Londontown but expect prices will rise once all the facilities are available. Nice hotel of good standard.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great value	Great value in the heart of London. Rooms are good and the hotel is very quiet even though Trafalgar Square is on the doorstep. Don't be put off by the lack of restaurant facilities. Who eats in their hotel anyway when there are so many restaurants in London to choose from? Front desk staff are efficient and very courteous. Whether or not they will increase their prices when the hotel renovation is complete remains to be seen but for now it represents great value for a hotel in central London. By the way, the renovation work does not affect the rest of the hotel in any way. You would not know that work was going on. Book with confidence.	
Jun 16 2007 	Smart hotel and top notch location	I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone planing a short stay in central london. It's near to almost all of the touristy things, no more than two tube stops, if not within walking distance.The room was really pleasant too. It was smart, modern and very clean. The room didn't have a bath but this meant that the shower space was bigger so the shower curtain didn't stick to you so much.Good times = )	
Jun 14 2007 	Great location new hotel	We stayed here one night after flying in from Australia. We were ableto check in early at a fee of 30 Pounds. The room is smallish, but very comfortable. The bathroom is quite adequate.The location was good, 3 minute walk to Trafalgar Square, and the tube station. A short 10 minute walk down to the River Thames, where there are some nice restaurants on river boats.Agree with previous comments about check in and check out, they need more staff, although once explained the automated check in/out is easy to do.Each floor has an area where to get extra supplies eg soap, shampoo etc, not like a hotel where someone would bring these to you.Also if you book cheaply ie via the internet you DO NOT get access to the Club Lounge, which is quite nice. Instead you get access to the lounge on the second floor, one computer and a very ordinary coffee machine.I would stay here again, I felt is was good value, and the bed was comfortable.	
Jun 13 2007 	The Grand	We recently stayed at the Grand at Trafalgar Square (listed here as &quot;Club Quarters,&quot; the chain who own the hotel). We were happy with our choice, for reasons described below: We needed was a hotel close to a Tube station since one of us had business elsewhere in the City and the other wanted to sightsee on foot. The Grand it as centrally located as it could be, and it is only some 2.5 blocks from Embankment Station. We could see Big Ben out a window adjacent to the lift, we had an easy walk to St. James Park (at the end of which stands Buckingham Palace) and to Westminster Abbey, and on a sunny day we walked across the bridge to the London Eye and (further up) the Globe and the Tate Modern. If your goal is to make quick visits to Picadilly, Covent Garden, the British Museum and such, and to return (late) to a location that never lacks for activity, this hotel is a good choice. If you want something cozy or funky, or homey (like a B&amp;B), or of you want to be close to the London club scene or less expensive restaurants, this is not your hotel. The Grand is very corporate in feel. Dependable, I suspect, and a good bet for a first trip. I'd stay there again, unless my goal was to explore for something more clever. That has to do with my own interests, not any failings at The Grand.The hotel itself was clean and recently refurbished. The room was better appointed and far more spacious than I expected -- though we often stay in NYC hotels, which modifies an American's expansive hotel expectations. Still, I didn't expect as much as we got. We'd heard such horror stories about &quot;London hotels&quot; that I anticipated paying $300 for a closet with outdated furnishings. Neither of these fears proved true. The room rather reminded me of a small &quot;executive&quot; room in Midtown. Bathroom was modern, adequate, clean. Similar to the better bathrooms I've encountered in European hotels -- i.e., economical use of space, no fluff.Service not very chipper -- sort of, &quot;You want us to do what?&quot; -- but once we clarified, they did everything we asked, by the book. It took some doing, but we did eventually convince them to send up the cereal, milk and yogurt they listed on the in-room price list. (Who can eat English breakfast five days in a row? You'll die of a coronary.)	
Jun 12 2007 	Ab Fab	We stayed in the Club Quarters Trafalgar Square in May. It was a lovely hotel with excellent staff and in a great location. The hotel has no facilities yet for getting breakfast or dinner but as it is London there are lots of options on your doorstep. The room was clean and serviced daily and there was water and ice on every floor which meant we had drinking water at all times they even provided the bottles to take away, which in London is very rare.There was attention to detail and the hotel would be excellent for business or pleasure.The location of the hotel meant we wasted no time or money stuck in the notorious London transport system as everything we wished to see was within walking distance.The hotel is well worth a visit!	
Jun 5 2007 	Hotel and breakfast	Great stay this last weekend. Refurb seems good. Room a little small but location was fantastic and price was good as well. Didn't have breakfast at hotel but sat in Trafalgar Square with Croissant and coffee from coffee bar at right top side of Trafalgar Square -- near perfect early summers day -- unbeatable.	
Jun 5 2007 	Mediocre and unhygienic	The Club Quarters looked brilliant but it was not.I arrived at reception. One person was working and five guests were waiting but there were automated check-in booths. Three of us tried to use a booth but it refused to accept any credit cards. We all joined the long queue and checked in at the desk where the receptionist told us that she knew the card reader on that machine was not working -- she had been standing a metre from us as we all fumbled with it! A quick sample of other check-in conversation, (to the man in front of me), &quot;don't worry: the walls at the one at St Pauls are like paper but these are a bit quieter&quot; or (on being asked if the room was far from the lift), &quot;I don't know, the computer assigns them at random&quot; You have the flavourThe room itself looked nice -- lots of browns and greens but well done with decent space. I'd booked an executive with kitchenette (a microwave and a non-functioning refrigerator). But it is obvious where they save the money. The beds are cheap and the linen is worse. The duvet covers are not changed between guests I guessed (from the stains on the quilted material) and confirmed this with reception -- a revolting practice which may be acceptable in America but clearly provokes a lot of complaints here as the receptionist wearily told me that no, there were no cotton duvet covers. New York recently had an outbreak of bed bugs in hotel rooms -- I thought I would rather be cold and uninfested, so slept under just a sheet (which did seem clean). The bed was hard but not in a supportive way.I was cold because, whatever temperature you enter into the system, the air conditioning pumps out cold air. I turned it off and put on an extra t-shirt. The rooms are quite noisy as the renovation is flimsy and noise from the hallways can be heard starting earlyAt 9am, housekeeping tried to come into my room. At 9.30, they started drilling in the wall of the adjoining room, next to my bed.This place is designed for junior employees visiting a London office, often on contracts, who have low hotel travel budgets. The club lounge (with fake panelling and work stations) is probably useful for them. The lack of staff, indifference to guests, low level of facilities, unhygienic bedding and noise make it unsuitable for anyone with serious work to do the next day.Cheap but not good value. If you really need to pay this little, a Travel Inn costs less and the duvet covers are clean or the Citadines across the street, whilst still lacking luxury, has an adequate level of staffing	
Jun 4 2007 	Great location.	Spent ages trying to find a reasonable priced hotel in a good location in London and eventually came up with this. Paid just under £100 a night for a double room, room was very clean and a reasonable size for London. We found the staff friendly and helpfull though we didn't have any problems for them to deal with.As remarked before it is in a great location about 100 Metres from Nelsons column, it has been refurbished in the last year so everything is clean and working. There are free ice and filtered water dispensers on each floor and also an iron and ironing board for the sort of people who feel the need to iron in a hotel.On the downside there is only two lifts that meant using the stairs was sometimes worth doing if you can't be bothered to wait around and are happy to keep fit.Also though there were a good selection of TV channels including spy Sports 1-3, the picture kept fractulating which became annoying after a while, but them I wasn't there to watch TV.The lack of food facilities at the moment isn't really an issue as there are loads of places to eat within a few hundred metres. I recommend the Thai Square restaurant.There is also a Teso extra on the corner of the road to get anything you need.	
Jun 2 2007 	Perfect location	I do some work for an institution that is a member of Club Quarters. It was the first time I stayed at one of their properties and I can not complain. The location is so good that I give the hotel an Excellent rating overall, although I have stayed at more elaborate hotels. Also the room rate was about £200 and I was quite pleased that didn't come out of my own pocket.The hotel is located in a grand old building, I suppose that is way it is also called &quot;The Grand&quot;. The rooms are quite modern, though. The air conditioning is excellent and the rooms are of good size. I had only a shower in my room and there was nothing to put on the bathroom floor. As a specialty, there were some books to read in my room. There was no minibar.The breakfast was ok and inexpensive (I think 4£). Internet was free. There is no restaurant or bar yet so the breakfast was served in a lounge. There was a feeling of safety in the hotel as the clients are mostly from member organizations. The hotel should have a gym but I didn't try that out.	
May 30 2007 	Very good for families -highly recommend	We just returned from a 2 night stay over the May Bank Holiday weekend and were very happy with our experience. We lived in London for several years but had never quite cracked it in terms of finding a place to stay when coming back as tourists with 2 young children. Now I think we have. The location is fabulous, a half block from Trafalgar Square and across the Millenium Bridge from the South Bank and London Eye. The renovation of the hotel seems to be complete. We had a lovely room which, although billed as a one bedroom suite ,was actually just a very large single room with a comfortable king size bed and a large sofa bed which fit our 2 children. I had read a review indicating that you had to be careful to make sure that they gave you a big enough room for a family of four so I called the hotel reservations centre a few days before we arrived to confirm that the room would be big enough. If you need a family room, I would advise doing the same. We also had a kitchenette which consisted of a microwave, refrigerator (new, with the plastic wrapping still on the inside) and a sink. The hotel provides a complete set of dishes and silverware and pots and pans. We found this invaluable for bringing food back from the nearby Marks and Spencer Simply Food and heating it up ourselves. When you travel with small children you really need to have kitchen facilities. The room was quite spacious, even with the king size bed and sofa bed. The bathroom was a separate room, no bath, only shower but quite large and obviously new. Our rate did not include breakfast but with the kitchenette, it was quite easy to have our own breakfast in the room, and much more convenient with kids too. I had read the reviews indicating that the staff was unfriendly but we found everyone very helpful and any requests for service (ie to fix a light or bring up additional plates) was dealt with quickly. Also liked the fact that there was good security, key card needed in the elevator and the fact that they called to the room to confirm that they could give out a key to my husband who arrived after we did. The price was the same that we had paid for smaller rooms much less centrally located. We did request a room in the back of the hotel, off the street. It had no view but it was quiet and we weren't in the room long enough to have a view really matter. The location of the hotel leads me to doubt that there would really be any special view (ie it does not front onto Trafalgar Square but rather a road off the Square with only a view of the street, so who really cares?). All in all, a great place for families and others too. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 21 2007 	Perfectly locatedrecently refurbished	This hotel is perfectly located just off Trafalgar Square. It's as grand inside as it is on the outside. It had very recently been refurbished and we could still smell the paint! (but not a put-off whatsoever). I booked through booking.com, and thought it was excellent value. Our room was spacious, light and airy, with a lovely big bed. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, with its convenient location and perfect rooms, you can't go wrong.	
May 20 2007 	The good the bad and the confusing	We stayed at The Grand at Trafalgar Square (also known as Club Quarters) in mid-April, 2007, for about a week. For the price and location it can’t be beat. The central London location is the best thing about this hotel. The rooms were spacious, with tall ceilings. The bathroom and closet were obviously added into the rooms with the remodel. They didn’t reach to the high ceiling, and the bathroom would get pretty steamy, with no fan. There were a total of 4 elevators, and they were pretty modern, but you had to use your key card to get to the other floors. We found it easier just to take the stairs most of the time.They have a free laundry (one washer, one dryer), on the 3rd floor. The instructions on the machine were strange though, since they didn’t have the standard washing cycles. The timer seemed to be off, too, since I came back to the machine before it was to have finished, only to find someone had already removed by laundry and put it in the dryer. Whatever.The LCD TVs are nice, but the satellite signal was troublesome. The channels we watched would freeze the picture every 20 seconds or so, making it difficult to watch for any length of time.Each floor had a chilled purified water dispenser, with little plastic bottles to fill. The caps aren’t watertight, so don’t plan on putting the bottles anywhere where they might tip over.There was a “guest supply closet” on each floor, with extra towels, toilet paper, etc., but they were always mostly empty when we needed supplies. Oh well.Other good stuff: Washcloths are included! There is free wireless internet. It’s really close to multiple tube/rail stations. The queen beds were a good size, and they had books about London in the room, as well as in the sitting areas on other floor. Other bad stuff: Housekeeping didn’t always give us toilet paper or towels, the toilets have to be flushed many, many times. Even a Kleenex sometimes wouldn’t flush until after a few tries. Go figure. The front desk was usually pretty slow to respond to requests – in the evenings they seem to have minimal staff. Although we did get a quick response once out of about four calls.The continental breakfast is very expensive, but OK (croissants, granola, cereal, fruit, and salami and cheese). A lot of the restaurants nearby aren’t open before 10am, so good luck finding another breakfast place.They were doing construction on the street at night, so occasionally there would be this rhythmic booming sound, but it was somewhat distant, and not too difficult to ignore.And the stuff we couldn’t figure out: There was a weird knob on the lightswitch that didn’t seem to control anything, and there were no “do not disturb” placards to hang on the doorknob. I don’t know if this is a british thing, but it’s the first time I’ve stayed in a hotel that didn’t have any.	
May 14 2007 	A pleasant surprise!	I stayed here for one night whilst in town for a business do. I was really pleasantly surprised! My room was really big and with the rate from Expedia, this place offered a really good value for money. As this is a newly refurbished hotel (still being done up), the decor was brand new and everything worked perfectly. There was a large desk in the room, kitchen corner, big wardrobe and a sofa. The TV was a brand new flat screen one. In terms of style, not a designer or boutique hotel, definitely more like a Hilton or Starwood... The staff were fine, didn't experience any problems at all. I couldn't get a taxi so they got the hotel car to take me out. This was a good service too; a big private car with a chauffeur! I really enjoyed my stay. There were no bar/restaurant facilities which was a shame. These are still to come and I think everything should be up and running soon. I can recommend this place for sure and will check it out again if I need a hotel in London. I would stay again!	
May 6 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!!! Would Highly Recommend	First time visit to London and could not have been happier with this hotel! The location was to die for. A few steps down the street and you were right in Trafalgar Square. This hotel is right in the heart of Westminister and we were able to walk to the Thames river, Buckingham Palace, Theatre District, National Gallery, Picadilly Circus and London Eye. There are two underground stations nearby (Charring Cross and Embankment). We actually found that the Embankment station was the closest to the hotel. Walking down Northumberland Ave. (away from Trafagar Square) near the Embankment station are two boats that have been turned into restaurants/bars, where you can sit out on the deck and overlook the London Eye and Big Ben and sip a glass of wine or champagne. Very nice!Besides a great location, the room was top notch. Modern decor, nice linens, flat screen t.v., shower only in bathroom (but we didn't mind), and free internet access. Front desk staff was friendly, check-in was a breeze (they now have touch screen monitors for easy check-in), serve-yourself purified water and supply cabinets (with extra pillows, shower gel, etc.) on each floor. I would highly recommend this hotel to fellow travelers!	
Apr 17 2007 	Nice Hotel Great Location	This is a lovely hotel, nice old building and big rooms but can be noisy if you are over looking the road (Northumbeland Avenue) as it is right opposite the bus stop but just request inside room or take earplugs!. This is a 1 minute walk from Trafalgar Square and about 10 mins to Covent Garden. 2 mins from nearest tube which is embankment. We were going to Phantom at the theatre and it is a 5 min walk. Double room was very spacious (think disabled facilities) and very clean and modern. Reception very polite and you can leave your luggage for £1. Would stay again.	
Apr 9 2007 	Will Be Better When Fully Finished	We stayed at this hotel during Easter. The Location is great about 1 minute walk to trafalger square. The nearest tube station is Charing cross which is about a five minute walk.This is a very modern hotel and i would think that this will become a very popular hotel over the next few months. the rooms were very nice with all the amenities you need. Eg television, tea and coffee, shower and king size bed. There was no bath in our room only a shower but that didnt bother us.Wasnt much information in the rooms about the hotel only an a4 sheet of paper telling you when other things will be open.There is no bar or resturant at the moment and these are due to open in August.If you will be staying there soon then garfunkles is next door and there is a pub just opposite.The cleaner didnt try to clean our room until about three in the afternoon which was too late for us as we was getting ready to go out for the night then.All in all its not a bad hotel. i would imagine that when this new hotel is fully open it will be alot better so we will be waiting until its fully open before we visit again.	
Apr 6 2007 	Great location pleasant room.		
Apr 4 2007 	Excellent hotel!		
Mar 31 2007 	great location fresh and new		
Mar 25 2007 	Good location; great price for London		
Mar 22 2007 	Patience required!		
Mar 21 2007	Doesnt do the location justice		
Mar 15 2007 	Superb hotel for business let down by minor issues		
Mar 7 2007 	Great Location Hotel could do better....		
Feb 12 2007 	Great location		
Jul 27 2009 	Semplicemente perfetto		
Apr 19 2009 	trés bon emplacement mais extrement bruyant!		
Apr 14 2009 	Un hotel super bien situé calme et propre mais il manque de l'animation		
Apr 13 2009 	Super Lage schlechter Service		
Apr 10 2009 	hotel a recommander		
Feb 15 2009 	Su ubicación fantastica.		
Jan 6 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 10 2008 	Bello comodo centrale servizi OK... perfetto		
Aug 20 2008 	Decisamente ottimo!		
Aug 20 2008 	Posizione ottima ma servizio migliorabile		
Jul 28 2008	très bonnes prestations !		
Jun 28 2008 	Hôtel très bien situé		
Apr 29 2008 	discreto soggiorno al grand		
Apr 20 2008 	Bello pulito ed in posizione ideale nel centro di Londra		
Mar 8 2008 	idéalement situé		
Feb 5 2008 	comodo hotel		
Oct 19 2007	Para no volver		
May 2 2007	Très bon hôtel		
