	absolutely fabulous	everything about this hotel was excellent, the staff couldnt do enough for you but not in an overbearing way, from arriving to leaving we were looked after brilliantly, the rooms were gorgeous, the breakfast was lovely, and the setting was beautiful, cant say enough about this hotel and its staff, would love to stay there again....	
	We did not want to leave!	The Montague was wonderful, we really can not list enough compliments to express our happiness with the facility and the service that we received from all of the staff members. The location is extremely convenient - right next to the British Museum, Russell Square Tube stop about a block away, walking distance to Covenant Garden, and West End. We hope to return!	
	Warm 	I have used this Hotel many times for theatre trips, shopping and sharing a weekend with friends from Chicago. It never fails to deliver on ambience, staff attendance and all round friendly atmosphere.The rooms are beautifully appointed and feel luxurious.I personally have a soft spot for Jorge one of the Consierge's who is funny, efficient, kind, and hardworking. A gem of a Hotel, The Red Carnation Group should be very proud	
Nov 24 2009 	The Montague Made our Trip!	We recently stayed at the Montague and it was Awesome! The hotel made our trip. The service and staff was absolutely wonderful. They were always offering help and assistance and were very friendly. The Concierge, Mustafa, was extremely helpful. While in London, I wanted to go see a soccer (football as they call it) game and my wife wanted to have an english style afternoon tea. The concierge was able to find tickets for me to Man. U at Chelsea (perhaps the biggest game of the year!) and our afternoon tea at the hotel was just perfect. The hotel was a little walk to the nearest underground, which we used a lot, but they were also easily able to arrange a taxi whenever requested as well as a taxi that could hold all of our bags for our trip to the train station. We felt safe walking to and from the hotel to the underground (or subway, tube) at night. We stopped by a little pub by there and had a wonderful pie and mash and some English style Ale's that we enjoyed. Overall, we had a Wonderful experience and I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	A great hotel with friendly staff	I stayed at The Montague with my wife in October as part of a city break in London. The hotel is well located in a quiet road in Bloomsbury, right next to the British Museum. On arrival we were given a complementary upgrade to a junior suite. The room was spotlessly clean, comfortable and overlooked a quiet, shared garden at the back of the hotel. All thestaff we met were extremely friendly and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed the food in the restaurant and the service was again excellent. We really liked the hotel and will definitely return.	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent Service and Location!!!	Our first time in the city, stayed in the hotel for 4 days after our cruise of Western Europe. Our stay in London became the highlight of our trip Location is convenient and service is excellent. We recommend the hotel and will go back if we have another opportunity.	
Nov 15 2009 	A weekend break to repeat	This hotel is a gem. Set in a quite street close to the British Museum it is tastefully furnished and beautifully presented with a lot of attention given to detail. Service was generally very good and suggestive of a more expensive hotel. For a London hotel this offers good value for money. One minor disappointment. Breakfast is arranged as a hot and cold buffet. The day we stayed the hot food was somewhat neglected and therefore not as fresh or hot as it would have been with table service something that spoilt what would have been a perfect stay.	
Nov 13 2009 	Outstanding service at The Montague on The Gardens Hotel London	Having recently stayed 4 nights at the above hotel, I can thoroughly recommend it.Rooms are comfortable and well appointed. Hotel is in a quiet street adjacent to the British Museum. The level of service throughout the hotel is outstanding from all staff encompassing reservation, concierge and food &amp; beverage personnel. I will stay here again when travelling to London.Marie WigmoreSydney, Australia(marietwigmore@hotmail.com)	
Nov 13 2009 	THIS IS HIGH CLASS!!!!!!!!!	THIS IS WHAT I CALL CLASS : C-L-A-S-S....beautiful boutique hotel with high level of customer sevice! Breakfast is a delight!!! This place is a must for a 4 star hotel in London! Perfectly situated near the British Museum, it has everything to appeal to glamour fans...The only downside is the rooms are a bit too warm and this put aside, this is 10/10!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 12 2009 	This is one of London's best kept secrets	I have been using this hotel for years.It's close to Russell Square-right on the edge of Covent Garden -very central for all the goodies London has to offer.It has a warm almost family type atmosphere and nothing is too much trouble for the staff.If you want theatre tickets Mustafa Head concierge will ensure you get the best! The Gardens views are great and very tranquile for a good nights sleep even though you're in the hub of the west end.The breakfast is to die for!Give it a try -you won't be disappointed.Steve from Cleethorpes 12/11/09	
Nov 12 2009 	Exquisite service - a unique experience of being cherished	I ran a Conflict Resolution workshop at the Montague and it was a remarkable experience. I have never in any hotel ever experienced such a high calibre of care and attention. The service was more than perfect - invisible hands anticipated what you might need, help was always discreetly at hand, the room was graced with gorgeous flowers fit for a wedding and the food and refreshment was a joy, with little surprises and treats at every turn. My clients went away feeling thoroughly cherished. In a world that has become impersonal, fast and homogenised how special it is to come across this unique experience of the Montague where every little care is taken of you as an individual as if delighting you was their only care. It is a delight. It feels more like a home than a hotel and yet is very professional. I put this down to the superb GM and his staff.	
Nov 11 2009 	5 star for the price of 4 star	An excellent hotel , ideal situtation , no tube travel required ,you can walk everywhere !!Superb standards of service , staff all well trained , this hotel is far superior to some 5 star hotels I have used in Europe . Also the decor is lovely ,rooms spotless.I would definately recommend this hotel .	
Nov 11 2009 	Expectations exceeded!	The Montague is a beautifully-appointed hotel, and our suite had everything we needed for the week we spent visiting museums, attending concerts, eating magnificent meals and enjoying the best hotel we have stayed in during 50 years of globe-trotting for business and pleasure. The staff are friendly, helpful and attentive, the food in their restaurant excellent, the high tea charming and delicious, their concierge amazingly efficient: in short, nothing disappointed, everything pleased. Why doesn't the Red Carnation chain have a hotel in New York City?	
Nov 10 2009 	A LITTLE BIT OF LUXURY!	We stayed at the Montague overnight while visiting London to see Sister Act at the theatre, staying here made the trip even more special. We were treated as special guests right from our arrival. Greeted by the doorman Samir who was very helpful throughout our stay especially with directions. The Montague has a lovely warm and friendly atmosphere, made so by all of the staff. The room felt luxurious and the littletouches are lovely, such as bringing fruit to the room and turning down the bed witha treat left on the pillow while we were out. The breakfast was the best we have ever had in a London Hotel, really tasty, very hot and lots to choose from, to cater for all tastes. The location was really good to, only 20 minutes walk from, Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Theatreland, however, if you don't like walking the Tube Station is only 2 minutes away. What more could you want.	
Nov 9 2009 	Exellent Hotel - Highly Recommend	I recently stayed at this hotel for a work trip and found the staff to be very friendly and welcoming. the bedroom was very cosy and the bed was extremely comfortable and to top it off the breakfast was very nice. Going to london and need to be in Russell Square or close to the British Museum? This one is perfect!	
Nov 8 2009 	Lovely Hotel!	I stayed at the Montague for five nights in October. I chose this hotel based on the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor and I felt that I made the right choice. Beautifully decorated room, friendly and helpful staff, delicious breakfast, great location, excellent services…. everything was wonderful!! I especially liked the evening turn-down service with sweets and canapés. Since I love flowers, the fresh carnation in the bathroom (and on the breakfast tray) also made me happy.The other day I received a thank-you letter from the General Manager for filling out the guest satisfaction survey, and it reminded me of the great time I had at the Montague.I would really want to visit this hotel again!	
Nov 7 2009 	one of the better hotels in london	i have stayed here several times, and the last time was in june of this year. the hotel is excellent with terrific ambiance, but the location is a bit marginal for my purposes. the rooms are clean and very comfortable, with the staff being extremely attentive.	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent staff and a great location	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in October. The hotel is in a very convenient location and the staff were very frienly and accommodating. Due to the central location of the hotel we found that it was quite easy to walk to anywhere that we needed to go when meeting friends or visiting attractions.We would recommend the afternoon tea which is quite an experience: nice cakes.The breakfast had a good variety and was perfectly fine.We would definitley use this hotel again when staying in London.	
Nov 4 2009 	Character service location and a great night's sleep!	We spent a weekend in London for our 10th Wedding Anniversary and were thrilled with the service at The Montague. The food was excellent and the location was brilliant as we went to see Les Miserables in the Queens Theatre! The room was lovely - and even though we were so close to the buzz of the West End - the area surrounding the hotel is !quiet and we had 2 great nights sleep! Loved it !	
Nov 3 2009 	First Class	From the arrival to the sad 'goodbye', I felt like I was king of the castle. What a great place - quiet location near the British Museum, and within walking distance of Oxford Street shops and West End theatres. Stayed for four nights and wished it lasted longer. The hotel breakfast buffet was complete, the Blue Door restaurant first-class, the traditional British bar looks out onto a lovely private garden, and the afternoon tea service appeared to be perfect in its own conservatory.Was also impressed how the concierge knew my name each day he said hello. It's little things like that that made the place special.One quibble: gym was too small to use effectively, however hotel staff arranged for me to attend a Fitness First just five minutes' walk away for a £5 fee. Thanks!	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfect Wedding Anniversary	We were originally recommended to stay at this hotel by friends and have returned there every year since for long weekend stays. We would not consider staying anywhere else after bad experiences at other London hotels. Therefore, we had no hesitation to return this October to celebrate a special wedding anniversary. Every effort was made to make our anniversary a very special occasion, including a room upgrade and other personal touches. We could not thank the staff enough for their kindness in arranging everything. All the staff are efficient as well as being very friendly.The hotel is ideally situated with the British Museum just around the corner and restaurants, pubs, tube stations and central London all within easy walking distance.Please note that is worth paying slightly more to stay in a room at the rear of the hotel which overlook the garden instead of the road.Since finding the hotel, we have told other friends who have also stayed and returned to the Montague and we would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Oct 28 2009 	A charming hotel with exceptional service in a wonderful location	Our family spent 6 days at the Montague on the Gardens. We travel often as a family and have stayed at wonderful hotels throughout Europe recommended by TripAdvisor. Our selection here could not have been more magnificent - - the reviews encouraged us to book this hotel and our experiences will cause us to both return here when we return to London, as well as highly recommend The Montague to friends and colleagues. The rooms are beautifully/tastefully decorated, the service is impeccable from the greeting at the front door to each of the staff that care for the rooms. The location is convenient to the British Museum and to the theatre district - yet private enough to make you forget that you are staying in a hotel in a busy city. Tube stations, restaurants, theatres - - all are within easy walking distance. You can easily find a cheaper hotel in London - - but likely never at the level of professional service and presentation that the Montague delivers.	
Oct 28 2009 	A lovely place to stay--excellent service and attention	I came to London for a 6-day trip, accompanied by my husband and a colleague (who was there for the same meeting). We loved the hotel--Mustafa (the Concierge) and Samir (doorman) were outstanding, helpful, and gracious, as were the rest of the staff members. We expected that the rooms would overall be rather small, and ours was small, as was my colleague's room--but the decor, cleanliness, etc., couldn't be beat. We will definitely stay here again, as both my husband and my colleague agree. The location is also terrific--right by the British Museum, two tube stops, restaurants, etc.	
Oct 28 2009 	Very very nice but not great	For context sake, we are in are mid-late 50's and have traveled the world having stayed in many of the finest hotels.We selected The Montague to see in depth a different part of London, plus, I was in the mood for a small very English boutique hotel, which The Montague definitely is in spades. The service was fine and in some instances, bordering on exceptional with a bit of average service thrown in at breakfast and in our attempts to get an adequate portion of ice to chill our nightly Champagne. The location was very nice and within easy walking distance of the tube and much of London. My biggest dissapointment was with the room. Mind you, the room was nice, well appointed, an excellent bathroom (though the shower swinging door wasn't quite long enough to contain all the water) and very nice views over the garden; but, the room was too small. Anticipating smallish rooms, we booked a Jr. suite with an up and downstairs, but still found it on the small side.I would gladly suggest this hotel to others and would stay here again if I wanted to visit the British Museum further, but be mindful, this is no Ritz or Four Seasons. That is good in many ways, and not good in others.The bar was charming but with &quot;minature&quot; cocktails compared to the healthy pours we enjoy in our martinis in Los Angeles. There was a great singer and deightful finger food to enjoy. Pleasant lobby but quite on the compact side, with a small elevator should you bring your luggage thru.	
Oct 27 2009 	If you value service this is the place - nothing is too big or too small	Service here was unlike anywhere i have ever stayed. the hospitality started the moment we walked through the door. The staff made you feel welcome and valued, from the guided tour at the beginning of our stay so we knew where everything was, to the attentive service at dinner and throught the evening. Thanks Vincenzo and Gerhart! The hotel itself feels unique and considered in it's decor - it's doesn't feel like a corporate but much more like a family run establishment with individual touches and considerations that has been run by generations. Our room was smallish (i've been in smaller in London) but more than made up for by the cosy and luxurious decor. Even the bathroom had an air of individuality about it from the waterfall shower to the blue night lighting. This was another of those useful little considerations, thought about so you don't have to disturb anyone if you need to pay a visit in the night! Located right in the heart of London - next to British museum, so only a short walk to Tottenham Court Road/Oxford Street or Covert Garden or tube/bus/taxi. The atmosphere and service sold this hotel to me. I will be back and definitely goes on my list as the place to stay when in London. I'll be disappointed if it's booked next time I want to stay!	
Oct 27 2009 	FANTASTIC Stay  highly recommend	We have just had a one night stay at the Montague on the Gardens and have had SUCH a fabulous weekendThe room was beautiful as are all the surrounding furnishings, but it was the concierges who made the stay for us. In particular Gorge and Sal.They honestly made us feel like royalty and that they were there just to assist us with all our dopey &quot;tourist&quot; questions! We had such a great time, and would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.J . Mcewan	
Oct 25 2009 	Very Delightful Stay	My husband and I stayed at the Montague in late August and had such a wonderful experience. The room was spotless and the turn-down service with chocolates was a very pleasant surprise at the end of a busy sight-seeing day. We loved the location. This was our first time in London and with the teaming sidewalks of people hurriedly going from one place to another, we found the Bloomsbury district a little more peaceful and such a pleasant area in which to walk and explore. We found several restaurants in the area that we really enjoyed – Ah King Noodle Café and Il Castelletto. Although prices were a little steep for Americans, we found the fixed price menus at restaurants to be reasonable. Our favorite meal while in London was at Mela Indian restaurant in the theater district. Again, the before-theater fixed price meal was just perfect and reasonable. The food was better than any of the Indian restaurants in our city. Like others have mentioned… what really makes The Montague special is their staff. We were greeted by Jorge who gave us a tour of the hotel and showed us how to operate the features of our room (lighting, remote for computer, etc.). When we decided to take a sight-seeing tour bus to see the sights in London, the staff at the front desk made the reservation for us, added the fee to our room bill and we were ready to go. They also made arrangements for a car to take us to the airport on our departure. The car arrived on time and was a grand ride to the airport. We decided to try the hotel bar, and we are so glad we did. We were given our first cold beers of the trip and lots of delicious snacks. The live music was just right – not too loud and very unobtrusive so we could still carry on a conversation. We met Gerhard (food and beverage manager) in the bar and he gave us recommendations on beers to try (a nice South African beer) as well as some lovely conversation.We found the Montague to be a very wise choice which we made based on other critiques on Trip Advisor. We would recommend this hotel and would stay there in the future.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great hotel great location	We only stayed on the Saturday night. We had a room at the end of the corridor on the first floor and didn't hear any other guests at all. All of the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and the room was very clean, comfortable and sylish. If I had to criticise something, becuase the shower came directly down from the ceiling, getting wet hair was unavoidable. We had a delicious afternoon tea which we couldn't finish (because of the quantity), despite not having had lunch.	
Oct 20 2009 	Compared to most hotels in London the Montague is quite good	My wife and I recently stayed at the Montague for four nights. The first few nights were in a Junior Suite with a garden view on a special pay for two nights and get the third night free. The room was a little tight but nice. For the fourth night we moved to a Classic Double with a garden view which was tidy enough but very, very small. I would suggest springing for a fourth night in the Junior Suite (or stay for three more nights and get a pay for two get the third night free—there’s plenty to do in London). The staff was very nice with the hotel modeled after an English Country House Hotel, and the location is excellent—close to a lot of great things to see and a nice area too. We didn’t get hooked into purchasing anything at the Montague which is where cost could/would escalate quickly. For example, when we left we were offered a hotel private car for 65 GBP to Paddington. We instead hailed a black cab and paid about 12 GBP (with tip).	
Oct 20 2009 	Have stayed beforereached expectationswill stay again.	The upgraded room was ideal,in terms of size and facilities.Staff were very courteous and friendly,even providing a surprise anniversary cake!we have no reservations about booking with this hotel again for our next London trip.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fell Short	We stayed here for one night, as we had business in London, having read regular reviews about this hotel, I was really excited to be staying here. However I was somewhat let down, not by the service (watch out for service charges at the bar 10% to walk two feet is a bit of nonsense) reception was very attentive, concierge very friendly, even the clearners were nice, no the let down was the room, small would be too big a word, we had trouble getting in our room becasue the door would not open fully and the wardrobe obstructed the entrance, far too much furntiure for such a small space, did it need a three door wardrobe NO. On a positive it was clean and well presented, but at these prices I would have expected a room two people can get in and walk around.	
Oct 18 2009 	Exceeded Expectations!	On the recommendation of a friend who travels back to Britain frequently to visit family, I booked the Montague for a 5 day trip in October. I researched a number of London hotels on Trip Advisor first, but was so pleased that we settled on the Montague I cannot say enough good things about the Montague! Before we arrived, I emailed them about a few special requests--each of which was addressed.When we did arrive, we were greeted by Jorge, who said that they were expecting us and could not have done more to make our stay enjoyable--from logistics of travel to theater tickets, to dinner reservations to boarding passesJorge addressed our every need!The hotel itself is in a great location--5 minutes to the Underground and only minutes walk from many pubs and sites.The facilities themselves were gorgeous-- small but totally suited to our needs-- a great tea room, lounge and sitting area.If you go--go Montague!!	
Oct 17 2009 	A Real Taste of the UK	It is with great pleasure that I write this review about Montague on the Gardens. I have stayed there since 2007 whenever I am in London on business. I'm a professor who had never been abroad but wanted to conduct joint research with colleagues at the local university. As a single woman traveling alone, I was worried and excited at the same time. By accident, I found this amazing, lush hotel in a price range even a college professor could afford! I found it to be exactly what I was looking for. It was clean, convenient to everything in London and comfortable with a real British flair. (What isn't covered in chintz is covered in hunting prints, flowers, or gilded--including the original, museum quality portraits in the front lobby.) The afternoon tea in the back gardens is a worthwhile indulgence, as it's really a quiet oasis in the craziness of London. I can't say enough about the staff, as they have been wonderful every time I go there. I always look forward to staying at this hotel, as they truly do everything they can to make your trip a special one.....	
Oct 11 2009 	Nice Enough Very attentive service	Stayed for one night - November 2009Room:We stayed in a standard room, it was pretty small, but pretty standard for London. The room was tastefully decorated and fully air conditioned. The bed was not partically comfortable and the pillows made for a tricky nights sleep.There was no mini-bar in the room, and no ice facilites. Nice bathroom products, slippers and dressing gowns provided.Cleanliness:Couldn't fault the hotel here, very cleanService:Very attentive at all times and very polite (if a little scripted!) Good breakfast service and nice friendly check in staff, not something you find in every London hotel.Value:Depends what rate you can get, but if possible upgrade to a bigger roomLocation:Slightly out of the way, nearest tube is Russell Square, although it can get very busy if you are looking to buy a ticket, we walked to Kings Cross, (7-8 min walk)Food:Breakfast was standard fare, all the usual stuff, pretty good quality.	
Oct 11 2009 	Perfect hotel for a Great Trip	Loved the hotel from the minute we arrived. Greated by Samir the doorman who was soooo friendly. Mustafa the concierge knew our name after our initial intro.- Both were extremely helpful, if w e needed assistance. We had a jr suite #309 - plenty of room, comfy bed, large extremely clean bathroom. Location was perfect. Near the Br museum and a few blocks from the tube. Decore in room was very victorian. We faced the garden which made the room very quiet. Had free internet, afternoon canapes and water. Also had a tea kettle.We loved the hotel and location.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Hotel Clean Good location.	Great location, nice posh hotel. Service was very friendly.Only problem was the size of the standard room. Very small indeed. But i guess for London, that's standard.	
Oct 10 2009 	I didn't want to leave the hotel to go to work!	The Montague is located on a quiet side street between Russell Square, Bloomsbury &amp; Holborn. I stay in London often and the chances of getting a room with breakfast under £100 is rare. I knew that I had a lot of work to do as well as attending meetings so the complimentary wi-fi helped me make my decision.I had a single room which looked on to the street. I would not normally book a single but after seeing the photos I knew it would not be a problem. The room was beautifully decorated with a blue and white theme. The bed was very comfortable and you are able to choose whether you would like a duvet, blankets or feather pillows beofre arrival. There was a flat screen tv with lots of options, large wardrobe, good desk space, drink facilities and a luxurious bathroom. I really did not want to go to work.The only thing I missed was a fridge/minibar in my room to keep drinks cold. I had room service breakfast which was plentiful and I was even made their speciality muesli.The communal areas downstairs are gorgeous and perfect for relaxing in. I did not eat in the restaurant but the menu looked good (hotel prices) but I want to go back for afternoon tea!I cannot rate the staff highly enough, everyone is so polite and very helpful. Normally in London you step out on to a busy street and get scooped up into the rush but the Montague is in a quiet, safe area and the ambience within is tranquil and cosy.I booked using superbreak so I had to pay in advance but the rate of £118 with breakfast was very reasonable compared to less luxurious hotels in less convenient areas. Don't forget in London a travelcard is £5.60 after 9.30 am or you can get an all day bus ticket from bus stops for £3.80. Russel Square and Holborn are in easy walking distance along with Oxford Street and the Thames. There is also an NCP car park at the end of the street in Bloomsbury Square.I will definitely be returning to The Montague and also plan to treat mym mum to a weekend there.	
Oct 10 2009 	classic British experience	Very classic British decor. Excellent continental breakfast and cream tea in the afternoon. Room is spacious in London and free internet is certainly a plus. Convenient location. You can get there directly on the black line from Heathrow.	
Oct 10 2009 	Standout service - no request too much - all executed in friendly professional manner	Having staying in many large, chain hotels, my two nights in The Montague opened my eyes to a new world of temporary accommodation. Small enough to maintain a cosy, homely customer centric atmosphere and with staff so dedicated and capable and willing to go the extra mile, the Montague left me wanting to return like no chain ever has.An urgent requirement for overnight dry cleaning was accommodated by the staff despite no on-site facilities. Food (of the highest standard) and drink was served in the early hours, long after kitchen and bar had closed, all with the utmost courtesy. I am British, but now live in New York - I was proud to discover a hotel in my homeland which could give famed NY service a run for it's money.	
Oct 10 2009 	Catastrophe	I took my wife to a romantic trip to London. I chose the Montagu after reading the reviews on this site. The things did not came up as expected : the rooms are old fashioned (read : worn, aged), and very small (read : way to small even for London. The suitcase cannot stand up between the bed and the wall), obsequious staff... except for the &quot;restaurant&quot; in which it is simply incompetent. The good point is the hotel location. The stay was a total failure.	
Oct 8 2009 	Charming hotel in a wonderful location	I plan to return to this hotel next time I visit London. It is small and friendly and in a great location: on a very quiet street next door to the British Museum and within easy walking distance to many attractions. The room was small and not inexpensive, but given the prices in London it seemed like a good value.	
Oct 8 2009 	Warm 	This hotel is very conveniently located to the Underground, British Museum, and theater district. We were there for an entire week and the staff were very helpful with theater tickets and restaurant recommendations. The view from our ground floor Deluxe King room was not good but it was wonderfully quiet. One note, breakfast is expensive. Try the small Italian cafe in the park around the corner. Beautiful setting and good prices.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent a very pleasant 	Myself &amp; my wife stated at the Montague for 3 days in July &amp; I really cannot find any fault with this hotel, but, more importantly, my wife also cannot find any fault either!! The service, the staff, the rooms were all excellent, and no request was too much trouble.Over the years I have stayed in a lot of the 'big-name' brand hotels, mostly around the Middle East &amp; Asia region. I would say the main difference between these hotels &amp; the Montague is that the Montague, despite being part of a hotel group, manages to maintain a personal touch that always seems to be missing from most of the larger hotel groups.I would recommend this hotel to anyone &amp; most certainly would stay there again.	
Oct 7 2009 	Stay here - You'll love it.	This hotel has a great location - half a block from The British Museum, half a block from beautiful Russell Square and the tube of the same name. It's small (60 rooms) and on a quiet street. The decor is charming, and the service is impeccable. From the front desk to the waitstaff in the dining room to the maids, everything is taken care of promptly and cheerfully. Mustafa, the concierge, was particularly helpful, from airport arrangements (car to airport, boarding pass, and more) to getting us tickets to &quot;hard to get&quot; entertainments, he was always there for me and my son whom I was visiting. If my son is still living in London next year, I definitely will be back.	
Oct 6 2009 	Excellent service great location and wonderful staff	This was the second stay for my partner and I. The Montague is an excellent hotel mostly because of the incredible staff and wonderful location. Before we left the US, I contacted the concierge, Mustafa, for dinner recommendations, theatre tickets, museum tickets, etc. Not only did they fill each request, but the tickets at the theatre could not have been better. We also needed a car to go back to the airport and they picked a fine service with a friendly driver. The concierge, Mustafa, and his staff is one of the best and most helpful I have met.The full breakfast was excellent each morning. Eggs to order, potatoes, juices, cereal, bacon, etc. You could go for hours before you needed to eat again. The breakfast staff was also very friendly and good.Our room, Bloomsbury King, overlooked the inner courtyard. It was quiet, sunny and nicely decorated. The room was clean when we arrived and each day the cleaning staff did an great job. The bathroom was modern with plenty of hot water. We loved the room, it was wonderful.Each day we were greeted in the main lobby by Dirk the General Manager and Sal the Room Manager. They were extremely friendly and they obviously made sure everything at the hotel was running smoothly. We had a few minor requests and when mentioned to Dirk, Sal or anyone staff member they made sure our needs were addressed quickly and in a friendly manner.In addition to the great staff, breakfast and room, the location of this hotel could not be better. If the British Museum had a back door, it would have been less than 100 steps to the museum. The theatre district is right there. There are a great number of restaurants in the area. So if you want shopping, theatre, eating or museums, this is the place to stay.Again, we cannot say enough about this hotel. You will love it.	
Oct 4 2009 	Super Service	Stayed mid-week for 3 nights,found this hotel to be extremely good ,all the previous good reviews were spot on.The service was the best I have ever come across and the hotel was very clean.All the staff greeted you whatever their place in the chain.Breakfast was enjoyable and the coffee was excellent,in fact I was going to ask what it was but forgot.My only moans were the size of the room,we booked a double room and boy was it tiny.If I was there on business and was by myself it would have been fine,but for a coupleon a leisure break that were slightly tired after tramping around it was not comfortable by any means.That would not stop me staying there again but next time I would upgrade to anotherroom.	
Oct 2 2009 	Superb Hotel	Stayed in the Montague for a midweek break for a special family occasion Rooms were excellent, split level suite, and quiet. It was small touches that impressed, such as the lovely sweet treats that had been left on our pillows when we returned in the evenings. The food was excellent. The breakfasts were lovely, plenty to eat and the food was very good quality. We also ate at the hotel on one evening prior to an visit to the theatre, and again the food was excellent.The staff were always attentive, making sure that we were happy with everything. From the moment of our arrival until the time we left they made us feel really special. They were all friendly and polite and went out of their way to help us. Nothing was too much trouble for any of them. The hotel location in Bloomsbury was central for all of the attractions we visited.We are already starting to arrange a return stay at the Montague	
Oct 2 2009 	Perfect London Hotel	I have stayed here a couple of times now both for business and pleasure. It is a charming old school style hotel, with incredibly friendly and helpful service, which you really dont find anymore. It's also one tube stope from St.pancras, which makes it really practical. Well worth the visit!	
Oct 1 2009 	Superb Hotel - Great Location	Stayed in the Montague doing the Henry VIII 500th celebrations. Used the Red Carnation Group 4/3 specials in the Suite. Look at the website for their specials. Room was excellent, split level suite, and quiet. Service at the hotel (bar, concierge and front desk staff) was top notch. Red Carnation Hotels staff are all well trained and the property is clearly under the hand of a dedicated management staff. Breakfast buffet was standard English breakfast buffet with some twists and tasty. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant. The bar is very very very comfortable and the house South African white wine tasty with an honest pour. Russell Square and Holborn tube stops are close by. Restaurants within walking distance are plentiful. Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 1 2009 	From our arrival until the time we left the whole experience was faultless	My husband and I recently spent a weekend at this fabulous hotel to celebrate our anniversary and my birthday and we had a wonderful time. We originally booked a bloomsbury deluxe room which was absolutely stunning but later upgraged to the Baron Suite which had become available. This suite was beautiful and far beyond our expectations.It was very spacious, beautifully decorated and had a lovey bathroom. It was also spotlessly clean. It was the little touches that impressed us too, such as the chocolate dipped strawberries and the lovely sweet treats that had been left on our pillows when we returned in the evenings. The food was excellent. The breakfasts were lovely, plenty to eat and the food was very good quality. We also ate at the hotel on both evenings that we were there, and again the food was excellent. The staff were always attentive, making sure that we were happy with everything. Alan (the resturant manager) presented me with a cake on our first night in the resturant,and had decorated the plate with &quot;Happy Birthday and Anniversary&quot; which was a lovely touch. We had another meal the following evening in the conservatory which again was excellent.What makes this hotel really special though is the staff. From the time of our arrival until the time we left they made us feel really special. They were all friendly and polite and went out of their way to help us. Nothing was too much trouble for any of them. Sebastian greeted us when we first arrived and he gave us a great first impression of the hotel, he was really friendly and helpful. The reception staff were the same, very efficent but really friendly. We got to know Alan the resturant manager who was lovely and went out of his way to help us if there was anything we needed. He even checked the train times for our journey home! All the staff we met had a lovely attitude and were alway ready to help. I can't fault anyone.This hotel is by far the best we have ever stayed in (including any five stars). It was in a wonderful location too. We won't stay anywhere else now in London and can't wait to return.	
Sep 24 2009 	Exceeded our expectations	We expected a high standard from this hotel. Not only did we get it but in many ways it exceeded our expectations.The overall facilities, including the room and the food, were excellent. The bedroom was very well apponited and was serviced to an exceptionally high standard.However what really made the difference was the attitude of the staff. Everyone we encountered was very friendly and went out of their way to help. They really did make you feel that you were important to them.	
Sep 17 2009 	A little bit of luxury	Really enjoyed my stay in this hotel, excellent location and the staff really couldn't do enough for you. From my experience the rooms are a good size for London and beautifully furnished and well laid out. Wouldn't hesitate to come back.	
Sep 17 2009 	Charming hotel with great food in an ideal location	My wife and I stayed at the Montague for 3 days in August. The setting of the hotel is delightful with rooms overlooking a private central garden for the entire block. We had a junior suite, which was very comfortable. Unlike many hotels in London, the room was a nice size and the cost, while not cheap, was at the low end of the comparable (4 and 5 star hotels we considered). The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is on a quiet street next to the British Museum and is an easy walk to Covent Gardens and the Theatre district. The only negative with the location is that there are no pubs or coffee shops nearby as the neighborhood is basically residential. There is a nice bar in the hotel. Except for one night, we ate both breakfast and dinner in the hotel. Both were excellent. In fact the meals we had at the Montague were the best we experienced in our entire 30 day visit to England, Scotland and Ireland. Even if not staying in the hotel, the restaurant in the Montague would be a good place to have dinner before going to the theatre.	
Sep 13 2009 	perfect for us	There really isn't a lot to add. the Montague is well positioned- managing to be quiet but within an easy walk of Covent Garden (10-15 mins) and Leicester Square (15-20 mins) and 5 mins from the tube. The staff are wonderful - service as good as it gets. The place has a lovely atmosphere, although some rooms are bathrooms very small for doubles. Drinks at the bar are pricey, but you would expect that and one evening we wanted to sit in the little conservatory for a pre dinner drink but couldn't because it was reserved for a private party - no big deal. We made a couple of tiny comments about what might have improved our stay on the guests comments card and got a personal response within a couple of days - magic. The only thing I would say is this is quite a grown up hotel so might not suit families with younger kids and feels quite 'posh', if you prefer something a bit more laid back and trendy/ hip it might not be for you, but it was perfect for us.	
Sep 10 2009 	Awesome hotel - great service (Mustafa Rocks!)	Stayed at this lovely hotel for three days in July. It was terrific. Nice location next to British Museum, close to underground. Morning breakfast was terrific (go for the full buffet) as was English Tea. Gerhard was wonderful, arranging just the right spots for us each morning. Rooms are relatively large for this level of hotel. Very clean, well appointed. We've never been to London but in our many travels have not stayed at a hotel with better service, including the likes of the Four Seasons, Shang-ri-la, etc. This includes the bell staff, front desk, restaurant and concierge. Mustafa, the concierge there, was absolutely terrific. He took care of everything, from dinner reservations to taxis to mailing purchases back to the states to looking in on our teenage kids while we were away at a play. We are sure to return!	
Sep 9 2009 	SUPERB	We have just recently arrived back home from our weekend in London. Words cannot express how we felt about this hotel. Apart from the fact, that the rooms and food werebrilliant - the staff - there were no wrods to describe them, they would have bent over backwards for us. We have stayed in many top class hotels in various parts of the world, but the service here beats them all hands down.We will certainly be returning and soon.Keep upthe superb work...	
Sep 8 2009	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for one night with my mum to celebrate my 40th Birthday.The staff were very friendly and attentive without being over the top.Room was very nicely decorated and very clean.Cooked breakfast was excellent and the location was fabulous. 15 minute walk from Euston station and 15 minutes from Covent Garden.Will definatley stay again, next time I am in London, but will hopefully have a couple of nights and can take advantage of the outside dining area, overlooking the gardens.	
Sep 8 2009 	For me this is simply the best hotel in London	I have now stayed at this hotel over forty times. It is a superb hotel which truly believes that no service is too small. The staff are magnificent and I am always delighted by the very warm welcome which I receive again and again. The food is excellent and the differently decorated bedrooms are enchanting. As an academic I find that the location, next to the British Museum and the University of London, is a treasured bonus!	
Sep 7 2009 	Fantastically welcoming hotel	My partner and I stayed here for two nights, with our two-year-old son, as guests at a friend's wedding. It was an absolutely fantastic break; the room was a pretty modest double but was beautifully decorated and squeaky clean. The housekeeping was excellent, making sure we had everything we might need for our toddler, without our even asking. In fact, all the staff were absolutely brilliant with him, friendly and caring. Food was fantastic, the wedding was great -- one of the best hotels I've stayed in, and would definitely recommend it to families.	
Sep 6 2009 	Fabulous hotel in great location	Recently stayed at the Montague for six nights in a Bloomsbury King room. The room was large enough by London standards and beautifully decorated. The staff were extremely attentive and could not do enough for us, even calling a series of laundrettes to check they were open on a Sunday to save us from searching the steets with our big bags of dirty clothes.The location is execellent being right around the corner from the British Museum and within walking distance of Covent Garden and Leicester Square.I would highly recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again when I am next in London.	
Sep 6 2009 	2nd visit..love this location..love the service..will return	My 2nd visit to this hotel with my daughter for our west end weekend. Great Location walkable from Euston . We had booked only one night to grab a show and shop ! This hotel really does have those finishing touches , quality fittings that make a weekend treat special.However, the room we had this time was quite awkward to manouvre around. Maybe less furniture should be considered. Maybe pay extra for an upgrade. We booked through Superbreak with a discount. Luckily we weren't in the room much and it was great for what we needed. Fab bathroom, robes,slippers, rain shower , bottled water , tea tray. etc. Breakfast was a good choice and service was efficient and polite. Concerige Staff will look after luggage for you, order taxi's ( only £4.80 to Covent Garden)We walked back from West End after show. Loads of resteraunts near by. We opted for Sophies Steakhouse pre theatre menu . On our return, great to have room tidied and a turn down service.Yes , I would return but if a stopping a few nights would ask for a room change/upgrade.Many hotels in London have small rooms , and this hotel deserves it high recommendations on its quality, location and first class service.	
Sep 4 2009 	my best stay in london	our (my wife and i ,our two children)7 days stay was wonderful.the hotel is small,very british and located next to the british museum in the very quiet bloomsbury area.we had the luck to stay all together in a very comfortable double room suite(the earl suite).the service was simply excellent with the personnel always ready,well trained and smiling..we loved the full english breakfast and also the restaurant was good ( try the lamb ribs with dauphinoise potatoes).the best part was having sometimes breakfast and dinner outdoors facing the rear gardens.we hope to come back soon.	
Sep 3 2009 	average	I am afraid to say I was dissapointed by my stay at this hotel. I did a lot of research to find the best place I could for my budget to suprise my husband with a weekend away. I purposefully purchased an upgrade to a 'King ' room. This cost me £180.50 per room per night B&amp;B. However when I arrived I discovered the 'King room' I had bought was not as I expected the newer 'bloomsbury King' rooms but one of the older rooms with a King bed. I was very dissapointed by the room. It had old decoration and a plastic moulded sink unit in the bathroom - Not the lovely new 'bloomsbury King' you see on the website. I have to say had I got one of these newly decorated roms I do not think I would have been dissapointed, but I didn't! I felt that for a hotel which is number 4 in London on trip advisor it wasn't that great. The Service was OK - nothing to complain about but nothing to shout about either. The receptionist 'got my goat' at the beggining of check in by saying 'ah Mrs P*****, we have upgraded you to a King room' I said- actulaly I have paid extra to book a king room!  Breakfast was ok. They do cook your eggs to order which is great, but it takes forever to get them, and my poached eggs were rock hard one morning, and undercooked , with runny whites the next!. The location is excellent, a nice quiet street, very close to theatreland and the British museum, you can even walk from Kings Cross on 20 minutes. I wouldn't stay here again, but i'd definitly come back for afternoon tea, we saw some people in the bar having it and it looked amazing!  Basically I'd advise if you do decide to stay here make sure you get a new 'Bloomsbury' room.	
Sep 1 2009	Great Banqueting Venue in the Bloomsbury	Just had my dream birthday party at this beautiful, warm and friendly venue.I had been searching for a classy venue. From the moment I spoke to Jolanta, I knew I had found my venue/Event Manager, even though this hotel initially did not meet some of my requirements. Watching her surmount numerous challenges including provision of ethnic food, drinks, decoration and other arrangements, with the level of professionalism that one can only hope for, was inspiring. Her ability and willingness to explore all options is second to none, also evident was the 'can do' support of every member of the team, 'including me' as I grew to believe! They are quite accommodating - whatever your requirements:Chef was quite flexible without compromising his standards, health and safely. That marked the beginning of SUCCESS! Food was great - both the Nigerian &amp; western dishes - everything. His new way of frying plantain went down a treat! Gerhard, Operations Manager - Forever smiling, willing to help and always delivering. The banqueting suite was as beautifully decorated as he had assured me. The cake and the projector were well displayed. The operations before and on the day were very professional.Mohammed &amp; Chief - They ensured that everybody got whatever food and drinks they wanted.The Reception and Concierge staff were all fantastic. I hope I have not excluded anybody because everyone I came in contact with was professional.The bedrooms are beautiful and your guests can also book and stay in the hotel overnight or longer.I am aware and very appreciative that at times they went extra miles to ensure the day was that SPECIAL for me and their tireless and professional efforts did not go unnoticed by all my guests. I have already had an enquiry about using this venue for a wedding and I'm sure more enquiries/contracts will arise as a result of my party. Everyone who has spoken to me about the party has had great compliments for Jolanta and her team.Now here is the problem - Having felt like part of this fab team for the last couple of weeks, how do I handle my 'withdrawal syndrome'! Anyway, I'd be visiting for 'afternoon tea' (which I also highly recommend), and hopefully will see some of my new friends again.	
Aug 31 2009	Wonderful Weekend	Booked this hotel through Superbreaks as present for daughter's 18th. When the staff knew it was my daughter's 18th they put a balloon in the room and a plate of chocolates and a card which was a really nice touch. The staff couldn't do enough for you and were always there to offer you advice on the best way to get to places and things to do. There was a very good choice at breakfast both hot and cold. We went seeing Wicked and the Lion King both of which I would highly recomend. My daughter really enjoyed her weekend and I am looking forward to going back to the hotel in November for my friends birthday.	
Aug 25 2009	What a fantastic weekend	This is the third time I have stayed at this superb hotel and it gets better every time.I booked through Superbreak for a one night stay and a show and I travelled with my friend.The location of the hotel is very good its almost next door to the British Museum and within easy walking distance to Covent Garden and Leicester Sq. Also if you are travelling to London by train from the west via Paddington you can get one bus straight to the hotel (Russell Sq is the last stop)When we arrived our room was not ready but we spent approx 45mins in the comfortable lounge enjoying complimentary afternoon tea (fantastic) We were also given an upgrade to a suite that was wonderful (check out the rooms on the hotels web site) they have all been refurbished since I stayed their last. The breakfast is superb.The staff were very professional and helpful.Its not cheap to stay here but it is worth every penny, besides you would be staying in a 4 star hotel in central London!	
Aug 25 2009 	Nice but not perfect	This is nice hotel in good place and service is excellent, but if You looking for ultimate luxury hotel, keep looking. Me and my wife stayed 6 nights in Master Suite (offer, stay 3 nights, pay two). We were looking something special. Here are my reasons why I can´t give this hotel five stars:- When You check in, they ask You do You want newspaper. What they don´t tell, is that they charge You from that. It´s not complimentary.- Our Master suite didn´t look as glorious as photos in their website. Room has some wearines.- Our DVD player didn´t work at the beginning. Only when I discovered that DVD´s scart was not connected to TV, I was able to fix that myself. Room electronics should work when You come in.- If You want listen Your own CD´s, You have to use DVD+TV combo, so sound is pretty awful. - It was difficult to get our DVD movies to show in TV. You have to put ch 17 from TV, and only then You can see DVD´s picture. There was no manual or mention about this anywhere.- Evening canapés was 4 strawberries covered with chocolate. Nice, but bit booring when you have same thing every evening (and once they forget it). - Minibar was switched off. Again, I fix it myself. Plug was not in ceiling. Room electronics should work when You come in.- They add, without asking, extra 1£ to your room bill when You are checking out. It´s somekind of donation to charity... from Your pocket.-offer didn´t include breakfast (and You are paying hefty price for that room)So, too much little thing that can be annoying.	
Aug 24 2009 	wonderful service-oriented hotel	The staff in this hotel is extremely service-oriented...their attention to detail is fabulous; the rooms were clean and well-appointed; food was fabulous in the restaurant; overall great hotel!	
Aug 24 2009 	Feel at home when abroad :-)	Had to spent months away from home and found the Montague through a colleague - really made the difference to my trips. The excellent staff make you feel comfortable and welcome. Cosy, yet stylish rooms and wonderful garden terrace with great kitchen.Makes me feel at home in London.	
Aug 22 2009 	Wonderful - they made my wife's birthday very special	This hotel is a gem. I booked a room for my wife, 5 year old daughter and myself to celebrate my wife's birthday and to take my daughter to see the Lion King. When booking, they made a point of asking if it was a special occasion, and when we arrived, they went out of their way to make our stay that extra bit special, with some lovely personal touches to help us celebrate. I can't praise the staff highly enough - they were totally professional, and treated my daughter like a princess from the start (which went down very well with her, of course). The room was delightful, very clean and comfortable, with a view over the secluded private gardens to the rear. We ate lunch on the terrace overlooking the same gardens, and I must say the food was excellent, as was the service. Again, my wife was particularly impressed that the waitress treated our daughter as a grown-up. When we returned from our afternoon out, there was a personal note of congratulation from the manager, accompanied by some chocolates. The concierge went out of his way to try and find a baby-sitter, even though we hadn't booked, and my wife and I were able to enjoy the evening together. Altogether, a very enjoyable stay, and I am now looking at booking another stay over the Christmas period.	
Aug 21 2009 	Looking forward to return	We stayed two days -one night- in London for our son's birthday. We have no regrets booking this hotel for the special occasion. They went out of their way making pancakes for our son for breakfast. He was most satisfied, and so were his parents!	
Aug 20 2009 	A truly remarkable hotel	The only problem with our stay at The Montague on the Gardens was that it was so luxurious that it diluted the impact of the cruise that followed it. Our cruise on Cunard was not a budget one in any sense and was quite deluxe, but the Montague spoiled us completely for three perfect days in London.We had made reservations many months in advance after scouring Tripadvisor for a hotel with real British charm and style. The warm welcome upon our arrival was increased with a complimentary upgrade to a suite on two levels. Our family members who were the other couple with us, were upgraded as well after a noise issue in their room. Thus, having opted originally for a Bloomsbury king deluxe in a package that included 3 breakfasts and one dinner, we ended up in almost unbelievably plush surroundings.Much has been said on this site about the exceptional service in the hotel and this is absolutely true. It is a very young staff and they have been superbly trained.The public rooms are small but charming and are spotless, as are the guest rooms. Our favorite spot was the outdoor porch overlooking the neighboring garden. We ate five meals in three days at the hotel, and all were excellent.Our suite was beautiful with one of the largest bathrooms we've ever had in a hotel. The weather was perfect so we had a choice of air conditioning or opening the large windows. Each evening, strawberries dipped in chocolate greeted us in our room as we returned home, and a big fuss was made over my husband's birthday.If, like us, you are looking for a hotel that really reflects its home country rather than a multi-national chain, you will be delighted with this choice.	
Aug 20 2009 	Welcoming friendly and very comfortable	Right from the moment you walk in you are made very welcome. As a female travelling on business this is much appreciated and the courteous and personal attention shown by all staff was exemplary, with nothing too much trouble. A table laid up for dinner was cleared instantly to enable me to enjoy a quiet pot of tea on the terrace in the evening sunshine, after a long meeting. The rooms are charming, and the room service breakfast excellent. Outdoor space in a central London hotel is a real plus in the summer., and the staff make this hotel very special.	
Aug 19 2009 	Thank you so much!!!!	From the courteous efficient welcome when we arrived to the conversation with Reception on our departure the Staff at this wonderful hotel did themselves and the hotel proud!!!!In a very peaceful part of Central London ideally placed for getting to and from the Theatre (the purpose of our visit), Soho and China Town and literally on the London museums doorstep this hotel will be my hotel of choice for my future visits to the capital!!	
Aug 19 2009 	Royal Treatment At It's Finest	I won a trip to London as a contestant on Wheel of Fortune. 8 Days in London! The lodging was provided by The Montague on The Gardens. Talk about a gorgeous place to stay..... Everything about the hotel was impressive and grandeur. The staff went above and beyond with every need, usually anticipated. On our first day, my atm card was locked by my bank since I was out of the country, and we didn't have any cash. I mentioned this to the front desk, and they handed over some cash saying they would just charge it to my credit card. Brilliant! They saved the day. But they didn't stop there. They were overly helpful in our sightseeing ventures. They remember your name. And they are genuinely nice and happy people. The location was perfect. It is 4 minutes from the tube, and man, you have to love the tube! We saw all of london, and used it the whole time. Buy an oyster card to get around this area! The hotel concierge can explain how to do this. There is also an awesome pub right across the street from the British Museum called Museum Bar. It is really good, and great staff. This hotel is in a great location. Their room service was awesome. And they have 24 hour menu that was actually pretty impressive. The chicken &amp; rice noodle soup was to die for. I think I ordered it 5 times! I loved this hotel, and was very sad to leave it. Did I mention the waterfall shower? And the amazingly comfy bed? This place makes you feel like you are of royal origin. I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Aug 18 2009 	Indulgent.	My stay was three days of sheer enjoyment, without worry or needing to plan a thing. The staff not only met my expectations but exceeded them. The toughest decision I had was whether to sleep longer in their very comfortable beds surrounded in the relaxing ambience of their rooms, or get up and enjoy their buffet breakfast. The luxury is in the detail; the beds are turned down every night without fail and the rain showers in the rooms are a mixture of relaxing and invigorating in one go, even the butter arrives to the table at the right temperature and not rock hard from a fridge! Simple things done wellThe Montague dispense with the conventional 'hotel' approach to their apppearance and replace it with an modern beautique layout which is unmistakable, luxurious and warm. The staff are helpful, friendly and professional. My next visit to London will include a repeat visit to the Montague.	
Aug 15 2009 	Truly a phenomenal staff	Beyond its convenient locale, well appointed victorian rooms, and charming neighborhood, lies one of the most genuinely caring and accomadating staff.	
Aug 13 2009 	Strongly recommended for London sightseeing.	Frendly staff, excellent service and facilities. Centrally located. Ideal for London sightseeing.	
Aug 11 2009 	A hidden gem of London	From the very moment of arrival until departure we were greeted and addressed by name, very warm indeed. We had a complimentary upgrade and because of a seasonal discount we only paid 33% of what we were supposed to pay. The room was quite large and it was also a split-level duplex room. The beds were very comfortable with an enormous bathroom. The location of the hotel was excellent with proximity to Holborn and Russell Square tube stations, as well as being right next to the British Museum.We will definitely be staying again in this hotel or in its chain.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent Choice	The Montague is a wonderful, small hotel, with an excellent location in Central London. Across the street from the British Museum, the hotel is walking distance to much of the theatre district, Leiscester Square, Covent Garden, the London Eye (a bit longer of a walk), Oxford St., and two tube stations are a short walk. But this street was enough off the beaten track that it was quiet at night, an aspect that many other hotels in Central London don't have. The rooms a small but decorated in an appealing traditional British style. The bathroom is fine. I was in two different rooms because in-between I traveled to an area outside London. Each room had some type of exercise machine. The windows could be opened easily for fresh air. It even had a clock (a rarity in Europe), but typical of all the hotels I stayed in Europe a disappointing selection of tv stations. But who goes there for tv? Most importantly, the staff were extremely helpful and nice. Also as a solo traveler, I felt very safe. The daily English breakfast was good, and again the service was great.	
Aug 7 2009 	Wonderful Hotel in the Heart of London	My wife and I made the decision in mid-May to take a holiday in London. We contacted a friend and asked for the best location to stay in and he recommneded the Bloomsbury neighborhood. With this information the search was on. We discovered this wonderful hotel. It was in an ideal location near the tube station. The staff started to help plan the trip through email before we arrived and continued with daily directions.The concierge staff was terrific. They assisted in acquiring an Oyster Card for us to mapping our daily adventures. The reception team always greated us with a smile. The dining room staff was friendly and very helpful. Generally, we do not eat in hotel restaurants but we had breakfast and dinner at the Blue Door Bistro on two occasions. The room, we stayed in a Junior Suite, was well appointed and very comfortable. If we are fortunate enough to return to London we will stay at the Montague it was a great find.	
Aug 7 2009 	Amazing concierge	We stayed three nights at the Montague, and had an absolutely wonderful time. Excellent Bloomsbury location, quiet, comfortable jr. suite, delicious breakfast, many amenities. We especially liked the huge marble bathroom and the chocolate-dipped strawberries. But the highlight is the staff, as so many other reviewers have said. We are especially grateful to Mustapha, the concierge, for all he did to make our time in London memorable. On very short notice, he got us theater tickets for a marvelous Shakespeare play, restaurant reservations at wonderful places.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great Stay	Stayed 1 night in the middle of June, first stop on our honeymoon. Booked through their website, mentioned that we were on our honeymoon and that we were referred through trip advisor. Room was a bloomsbury king, typical size that comes with european accommadations but the room was very comfortable. Showers were very nice. The staff was extremely friendly. Front desk called to make sure the room was ok. Porter and concierge were ready to answer any questions about food, theatre shows, bus tours etc. Since we mentioned we were on our honeymoon, they sent up complementary strawberries and real roses were in the room. Couldn't have asked for more!I personally like the location: Walking distance to covent gardens, a lot of theatres and Holborn underground (tube). It's also on the &quot;big bus&quot; tour route as well. Would say the hotel was expensive, but London is expensive.I highly recommend doing the bus tour because you get to see most of london as well as a river tour. Stay on the bus/river because the bus only runs until about 5. If you want to actually go through let's say the Tower of London, go back to it the next day when you have more time so you get your money's worth from the bus.We added a pickup from the airport when we booked which was great after a 9 hour flight. Might be cheaper to use the Heathrow Express to Paddington Station, then a cab to the hotel, but it's nice to be picked up in style sometimes.Hope this helps!	
Aug 6 2009 	The perfect London retreat	At the end of our two week vacation (and wedding) in the Caribbean we wanted to end on a high note and so we decided that a night in London to take in a show, Mamma Mia as it happened would be the perfect thing. After reading some reviews on trip advisor I chose The Montague on the Gardens and I feel that I made a very good choice.I booked a junior suite directly with the hotel and enquired if an early check in would be possible as our flight arrived in London Gatwick at 5.30 am. The hotel told me that we could definitely have the room at 12 noon and earlier if possible.We actually arrived at the hotel at about 9.30, planning to just leave our bags and freshen up before we went out for a walk for a few hours. We checked in very easily and were told that our room would be ready by 11am. So a quick coffee in a local café and a look into the British museum (literally, just around the corner) and back to the hotel for a much needed siesta.The room was decorated in a “heavy traditional English style” but the separate sitting room, bathroom and separate en suite shower were more than satisfactory. The bed was very comfortable and with the help of the blackout curtains we were soon asleep.We had a light pre-theatre dinner on the terrace at the rear of the gardens which was delightful, the main courses were very tasty, perfectly cooked and nicely portioned.When we returned to our room after the theatre we found a selection of fresh fruits along with a card from the management offering congratulations on our marriage. Did I mention the bottle of champagne that arrived at our room earlier in the day, again courtesy of the hotel?Breakfast in room was excellent and we were able to pack and check out in a very leisurely manner as check out was 12 noon.The Montague on the Gardens is a well located hotel, although the décor is rather traditional (even garish by modern minimalist norms) the room was extremely comfortable, the food was excellent and the courtesy and professionalism of the staff was second to none.	
Aug 5 2009 	Charming hotel with exceptional service at a reasonable price	This hotel has everything going for it. It is well-situated in central London. The neighborhood is very quiet and there is a tranquil private park on the backside of the hotel that opens it up to light and greenery from the cozy restaurant terrace. The service is the best I have ever had a four star hotel. It came close to the best I ever experienced at the Four Seasons. The bellman and the waiters in the restaurant were exceptionally good. The rooms are smallish, but not so small as to be annoying, as some are in Central London.	
Aug 4 2009 	An experience never to be forgotten hotel and staff the best	The Montague on The Gardens was an amazing hotel, fantastic staff extremely helpful and moreover friendly, the rooms a bit tight but decor superb with comfort levels high. The food and beverage facilities and staff simply delighful. When I return to London thats where I'll be staying	
Aug 3 2009 	Such wonderful service	My husband and I stayed for four nights in July 2009. Through the hotel I booked a car to meet us at Heathrow upon our arrival. The driver was waiting for us and drove us pointing out the sights on the way. Immediately on our arrival the concierge's Mustafa and Jorge met us and asked Sam to check us in. They were all so helpful and our room exceeded our expections. The bed was wonderful and the bathroom was spacious and equiped with all amenties needed. The dining rooms and bar were beautifully furnished with great service and food. I would highly recommend Montague on the Garden and look forward to our return visit next year.	
Jul 31 2009 	Another Excellent Stay	Spent one night in London and decided to return to this well located (next to The British Museum) property in the Bloomsbury area. While an older building the hotel is attractive and well maintained. Friendly, efficient check in. Our bellman gave us a refresher tour of the hotel's facilities and went over every detail in our room (climate control, flat screen TV, safe,etc). Rooms are not huge but are very efficiently designed and comfortable. Nice bed and linens. Our room (some type of a small suite) had two bathrooms both were nice and clean. There were also two flat screen TV's and a seperate area for our daughters fold out bed. Great shower with water grate in ceiling.Our train was leaving very early and we missed breakfast in the dining room. The hotel was nice enough to send up coffee, juice, and some toast so we would not leave hungry.Check out was quick and our cab arrived right on time after the bellman called for us.I have now had two very positive experiences staying here and would not hesitate to stay again if/when I return to London. The hotel seems very British and has a welcoming, comfortable feel to it.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Hotel Great staff!	Superb hotel, one of the best so far. Good atmosphere throughout. The staff are very professional yet friendly, always smiling and extremely helpful. We had been trying unsuccessfully, to purchase tickets to watch 'Oliver' before Rowan Atkinson left the show. However,the concierge managed to obtain two top class tickets for us and we had an excellent evening. Thank you Mustafa! So pleased we are now hoping to spend New Year at The Montague.	
Jul 30 2009 	Agree that this hotel has been over rated on this site	This hotel is perfectly situated in London, is very comfortable, and I would likely stay again. Having said that, from all of the glowing reviews on this site, I expected considerably more.We stayed in a Bloomsbury King suite at the stay 4 nights get one night free rate so our total room bill was GBP 780 (with taxes GBP 897). This rate did not include breakfast (thank the good lord).Our room was one of the ones with stairs (with the bathroom at the top of the stairs and the bed and &quot;sitting area&quot; at the bottom) - nothing about this was said to us either at the time of booking or check in. My partner and I can both negotiate stairs without a problem but I don't really want to have to do that in the middle of the night. The hotel needs to make more of a point of addressing this with clients when they book.The decor was ornate with fabric on the wall and several on this site have raved about it. Couple the decor with the perfumed air in the room and it was all a bit twee for me. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The sitting area was unusable because it was a vinyl mattress type thing in a narrow alcove and the overhead light did not work. The room had what seemed to be an overly complex electrical system of alerting housekeeping to whether the room was to be cleaned or for the occupants to not be disturbed - once the service room light was activated, there was no getting it off (by us or hotel staff) so we had housekeeping popping in unbidden. The same system controlled the blinds of the room and the hotel staff were unfamiliar with that operation also. We finally figured it out. We opted to eat breakfast at the hotel once as we wanted a nice big breakfast. It was not to be - the breakfast was godawful. The food was basic and unappealingly presented. The pastries seemed similar to what one might find packaged in a shop and the eggs and meats portions of the breakfast were rather revolting. In essence, we ended up paying GBP33 for toast and coffee. We opted for coffees and pastries elsewhere for the rest of our stay.The hotel staff were alll very friendly and nice if somewhat inept. Sophisticated service this is not and tasks that are routinely expected of concierge staff, for exampe, seemed to mystify them.Based on reviews on this site, we arranged for car service to Heathrow through the hotel. This cost GBP 55, rather than the 35 cited elsewhere. Long story short - take a cab. The cost will be about the same and they will be able to handle your luggage more effectively than the hotel can. If you don't have massive bags - take the tube.When we checked in, we were asked which paper we wanted delivered to our room - not whether we wanted a paper and what the cost was. We specified which paper, assuming this was complimentary, only to have the minor annoyance of noting that we had paid for every bloody paper delivered to our room! If the paper is not going to be provided as part of the room rate, then that needs to be spelled out at the time of check in. The hotel also made a GBP 1 &quot;donation&quot; to the Starlight Foundation on our behalf - or rather, they billed us GBP 1 so they could make their donation. Once again, no mention of this practice at the time of check in. Bizarre.In essence, I think what this hotel has to recommend it is its location and the comfortable bed.	
Jul 30 2009 	Fabulous Hotel	This three day trip was to celebrate my friend's 50th birthday. The hotel itself is ideally situated near the underground and the British Museum. This georgian townhouse is oppulent to say the least! All staff were courteous and polite and nothing was too much trouble for them.The kindness of the staff made this a break to remember. We shall recommend the Montague to all our family and friends and we shall come again!	
Jul 30 2009 	Brilliant - a true home away from home	This hotel is a gem! I quickly moved out of another hotel I had booked in London and moved over to the Montague for a total of 8 nights over a 2 week period - absolutely no complaints and in future I won't stay anywhere else in London. The concierge service is impeccible and the attitude of staff is positive and professional. The level of accommodation is excellent, while the decoration and ambience of the hotel is both sophisticated and relaxed. The meals are lovely and the bar and garden terraces provide a tranquil, relaxing get-away. The location of the hotel in Bloomsbury (West End) is within easy walking distance of the British Museum, Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus and two main tube stations. The hotel is also close to King's Cross railway and the Eurotrain. Highly recommended!	
Jul 29 2009 	A bit overrated	Okay, I have to admit that my overall rating (3 stars) is a bit hard. If you love town house like hotels, this is a place for you. I'm not one of them - I rather prefer grand hotels. But I was travelling with my nephew and wanted to give him an experience of town houses as well.In general, service is polite (especially concierges were very helpful) and atmosphere is accommodating. However, the room we had was extremely tiny (I know they have larger ones, but I expected more as the room was not the cheapest one possible), the restaurant was not that good, service in the bar was a bit out of the track (personally I don't like waiters asking to much personal questions and there was one in the bar). But try afternoon tea which is good value for money.	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We have just stayed at the Montague and I would agree with other reviewers who have said that the service and location are both excellent. Our room was on the small side but otherwise couldn't fault the hotel.	
Jul 29 2009 	What a memorable stay we felt like VIP's.	We can't fault anything; service, cleanliness, friendliness and courtest of staff, location in relation to London's amenities and tourist attractions - all fantastic. We were celebrating a birthday and anniversary, and the staff went out of their way to make our stay very special. Would definitely recommend this great small hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	Liked it and would go again	I stayed here for three nights from the 24th July in a single room.I found the location to be great. Soho and Covent Garden were in walking distance for an evening as were lots of pubs and restaurants off the main streets. The tube is nearby for striking out into the rest of London.The hotel itself is on a relatively quiet street opposite the British Museum. As the street is not a main road traffic noise is unusually quiet for a London hotel which was great.The room was clean, tidy and critically for me had air conditioning. I won't stay in a city hotel in the summer months that isn't air conditioned and this hotel (unlike some others I've encountered) left you free to adjust the temperature in your room yourself - it wasn't centrally regulated which is much better as it means you get the temperature you want and not the temperature someone else thinks you should have.Breakfast was good, the staff were pleasant and the bar was excellent. My friends and I were in the bar until late into Sunday morning and for the last hour or so were the only people there. They never tried to chase us out or make us feel uncomfortable whereas I've stayed at places before that just want to close up as soon as customers start to thin out.The room was smallish but was quite adequate for my needs and this is London. If you want a really large room you're going to have to pay much more money.I have stayed in hotels where the rooms were bigger but they cost around 60% more than this one so I think the Montague has just the right balance of affordability, location and facilities.I go to London two or three times a year and this is definitely my first choice hotel from now on.	
Jul 28 2009 	Exceptional	The location of The Montague is perfect, most theatres just 15 minutes walk away.Tube only 7 minutes walkRoom comfort and decor very good we were lucky as we had a room overlooking the gardens. Breakfast very good selection. On the first morning we ate on the verandah nice and peaceful, on the second in the main dining room much more hectic.I wish there were more English staff working here as sometimes it seemed as though you were in another country with the staff speaking to each other in their mother tongues!	
Jul 26 2009 	truly exceptional hotel staff from front-desk concierge restaurant and maids	Montague is justiably highly rated by previous reviewers for its location and staff. I shall always remember the exceptional effort and execution of the entire staff throughout my stay. Head concierge, Mustafa is a real gem and a fine example of the hotel's excllence. Well-staffed front desk (Stehanie and Sophhie) are efficient, warm and friendly. English breakfast (with plenty of other options) was a great start to the day, with attentive staff caring for the diner and replenishing the hot food. Location notable for ease of multiple visits to partake of collections found within the British Museum, option for Tube stations, and pubs/restaurant options. Rooms cozy but typical of European hotels, well-appointed and always clean, with plenty of outlets and Wi-Fi included, so bring your netbook. The Montague impresses travellers for its personalized treatment of its valued clientele.	
Jul 25 2009 	Mixed bag but we liked it for the most part	The location of the hotel was convenient to St. Pancras, but we would have preferred to be closer to the action. Did not care for the decor of the Bloomsbury room at all - fake fur throw on the bed, yuk! Nice bath, weird shower head mounted flush in the ceiling so you can't adjust it. Since we were traveling with our 22 year old son, we did like the jr. suite feel of the room, which gave his bed some privacy, and the room was actually well fitted out if somewhat cramped. Staff is pleasant, but unable to help two out of three times with restaurant suggestions. &quot;Fitness Center&quot; is tiny. Overall, I felt we got a good value considering the inflated prices of London hotels.	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent Service Good Location	We picked Montague on the Gardens based on reviews from Trip Advisor. As said, the service was really excellent. The concierge Mustafa was knowlegable and he worked long hours too. The porter Sebastian was also helpful and friendly. The location is good as the hotel is close to Russell Square underground. We stayed there for one night, in transit to Brussels. It is close to Eurostar and cost us GBP10 taxi fare to get there.The room was a bit small, the original room would have been smaller had we not been upgraded. Our room faced the street but it was quiet. The only noise was from the corridor when people walked. I wish to comment on the bathroom for the benefit of travellers who are fussy about bathrooms like me. It was not grand, but neat and functional. The free internet is certainly a plus.	
Jul 24 2009 	Our first but hopefully not last hotel stay in London.	What a great and memorable first (leisure) hotel break in London. From the moment we stepped up to the entrance of the hotel on arrival to entering the taxi to leave, nothing was too much trouble. All of the staff were a pleasure and made us feel special and welcome straight away.The room met our expectations. It was comfortable, cool and very relaxing. And just as we requested, it overlooked the gardens.This was a theatre trip and the hotels proximity to Drury Lane was fantastic - just a stroll to the Theatre Royal to see Oliver.We really enjoyed our two breakfasts - they set us up more than adequately for the day ahead. We honestly have no negatives to report and would wholeheartedly recommend The Montague on The Gardens to others,	
Jul 21 2009 	Wonderful Haven in London	Same case as for others who wrote previously, I selected this hotel based on reviews and ranking on this website and was note disappointed. I had no idea about the Montague before and looked at their website. As I had a special request, I was pleased to see that the General Manager had his e-mail available on the homepage. I was even more pleased that he replied promptly and pesonally to my inquiry. Upon arrival we were assigned to one of the garden view rooms, and this coupled with the daily breakfast on the terrace beats many other hotels in London. If you do not want to take time in a taxi from Heathrow, the hotel is located five minutes away from Russell Square Station on the Piccadilly Line, which means no need to change trains from Heathrow, and you access the hotel with a pleasant stroll through the square. As we were then continuing our journey with he Euro Star to Paris, it was even greater as London St Pancras train station is the next station on the line... and Paris just 2 hours and 20 minutes further away. Thank you again for the hospitality.	
Jul 21 2009 	So accommodating	I regularly stay at the Montague in The Gardens when on business, I can honestly say that I hate travelling and staying away from home so a comfortable, reliable and welcoming hotel is much appreciated.In addition to the location of the hotel and the new renovations in many of the rooms the key attribute of the hotel is its staff who I have always found to be willing to help, friendly and in two words &quot;so accommodating&quot;.	
Jul 20 2009 	It doesn't get any better than this	This hotel was highly recommended to us by some friends who had stayed there in April, and they were 100% spot-on. The hotel is in the quiet Bloomsbury neighborhood by the British Museum, tube stations are close and the staff is outstanding. Whenever we had questions, they were there to help, and they knew our names from day one. Everyone was polite and accommodating. The breakfasts are part of the price, and in London, that is a huge savings. They have an excellent bar, and a terrace, conservatory, and bistro for dining. We ate in all of their venues, and found them all to be excellent. We stayed in a bigger room, but also saw two other smaller rooms and they are all beautifully decorated. Our 10 day stay in London couldn't have been at a more wonderful hotel than this one. I will be recommending this hotel to everyone who goes to London. It truly is the best--and no, it doesn't get any better than this.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location great room service could have been better for the cost	We arrived at the Montague on the Gardens, expecting a garden to go relax in after a long day of traveling. However, you can only SEE the garden, you cannot go INTO the garden as it is privately owned. We felt a little mislead by that. However, our room was generously-sized and had an extremely comfortable bed and large living and bathroom area. We did have a suite, though, so we expected the size and comfort at that level. The restaurant food was very good, although a bit high-priced. The tea room was beautiful as were all the dining areas. The service, however, was quite spotty, both at the restaurant and in the cleaning room-service category. Some days it would be great, others very disappointing. The location was wonderful; close to a park, literally across the street from the British Museum (which is amazing), only a couple of blocks to the Underground and to connections for the Hop On, Hop Off bus. The front desk personnel and the concierge service was very good.	
Jul 12 2009 	Exemplary customer service	You can't beat this hotel's customer service. I've stayed in many West End hotels over the years and usually found them overpriced and understaffed. I learned about The Montague from a travel agent friend who several years ago introduced me to the Red Carnation chain when I took several family members to London. At that time, we stayed at The Chesterfield Mayfair, which I also remember for its fine customer service. This year, I preferred something closer to Theatreland and The Montague fit the bill perfectly. It's a short walk to almost all of the West End theatres and if you choose a theatre that's a little too far to walk (such as Victoria Palace or London Palladium), there are several Tube stations that are within easy walking distance of the hotel's front door.My room was ready when I arrived at noon, although check-in time isn't normally until 2 p.m. I was elated to be able to check in right away after my overnight flight from Chicago. Jorge went out of his way to accommodate me upon check in, including a quick trip to the desk for an electrical adapter for my week's stay. The high-speed internet (wireless or wired) is free. Other special needs, such as a bed board and in-room yoga mat for my chronic bad back, were met without delay . There was even an elliptical machine next to a garden-view window in my room! Breakfasts were delicious and the staff were attentive and helpful (Carolina was especially gracious.) Although the hotel bills itself as having 24-hour room service, the late-night menu is limited.They're not bashful about their prices, but this is London. A few months ago, the website &quot;Visit London&quot; sent me an email with special offers for Red Carnation hotels, so I decided to give The Montague a try this year. I'm VERY glad I did! I definitely see myself returning to this hotel and would recommend it without reservation.	
Jul 12 2009 	silver service	trip advisor gave the montague a top rating and we were not disappointed, staying for 8 days in May.our room was comfortable and well appointed although a little on the small size if there were more than 2 people in there.the staff were always courteous and obliging of any request	
Jul 10 2009 	Its a great place to stay	Have stayed here 50+ times in the past 6 years; only reason not to write glowingly is so that less people book here.Its great - small, boutiquish London hotel. Service and location are outstanding. It is around the corned from British Museum. Rooms, although often small, are extremely well-appointed and spotless. Bar and outside area (when open) is great.	
Jul 8 2009 	Deserving of the excellent ratings	We booked our stay at the Montague based in no small measure on the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor. Such consistently good reviews make me a little wary but I can confirm that the hotel does deserve the excellent rating in all respects and we will certainly return on our next visit.The location is great; Montague Street is quiet and while our room faced the rear of the hotel (garden view), street noise for the street-facing rooms should be minimal. The hotel is a 5-minute walk to the Underground and a 10-minute walk to the Euston rail station. We took advantage of the Big Bus Tour and an Evan Evans Tour, both of which we booked through the hotel, both of which pick up only several blocks away. Russell Square Garden is a block away and the café in the garden is a treat. The restaurant in the hotel is really under-rated. We had dinner there on our first night and afternoon tea towards the end of our stay and we could not have been more impressed by the food, the atmosphere and the service. It was a top-tier dining experience in every respect and deserves more recognition.The hotel is a boutique. Each room is unique in layout and décor. They have all of the modern amenities and comforts while retaining a quaint and charming aesthetic. We were there during a heat wave and the AC worked perfectly. Internet access (both wired and wireless) worked perfectly. The complimentary bottled water in the room is a nice touch. As noted in prior reviews, many of the rooms are split-level. If stairs are an issue, be sure to specify a single-level room.The real jewel of this hotel is the staff. Preceding reviews have detailed the great service from the front desk and concierge staff, both of which we can happily confirm and reiterate. Jorge, Sam, Alain and the entire staff were all simply fantastic. We took advantage of the hotel’s car service to and from Heathrow and agree that it is worth the money.We got to know the GM, Dirk, fairly well during our stay. Upon our arrival we were informed that the master suite we had reserved was not available for the first two nights of our 5-night stay. We were travelling with our 13-year old son, so we had booked the larger suite as much out of necessity as anything else. Dirk handled the situation personally and he could not have been more professional. He understood our dilemma and really went the extra mile to accommodate us. He turned what could have been a bad situation into an extremely positive experience. Dirk sets the tempo for the high service levels that his staff carries out on a daily basis.	
Jul 8 2009 	Highly recommended !	My wife and I stayed in the hotel for 2 nights (citytrip). Very well located (5 minutes walk to Russel Square underground, just one stop from Kings Cross-St Pancras International) through the nice Russel Square park. British Museum is located at the opposite side of the road. Cosy, charming, romantic hotel. Great staff. Good breakfast which you can have eighter in the restaurant or on the terrasse (very nice ! - watch photos).We booked for a standard room but got an upgrade (anniversary of my wife). (Of course no garanty everyone can receive an upgrade for pecial occasion). Room a little bit small but very nice and with all facilities provided. We will surely come back	
Jul 6 2009 	Top Quality and Service for London	Arrived at midday, and the room was ready for us even though check in is at 2.00pm. We stayed in a Bloomsbury deluxe king room which was on a split level. The room was spotless and the bed and sheets very luxurious. Bathroom small but very clean and stylish with a great rain shower.The staff here care very friendly, efficient and extremely welcoming. Nothing is too much trouble.We had a bottle of champagne on the deal we had, but it was not in the room on our return. Quick phone call to reception, lots of apologies and it was delivered very chilled in half an hour. It was good quality champers as well.The location is beautiful. The room overlooked a large private garden and you are round the corner from Russell Square which is an oasis. You would not think you were in central London.The breakfast was very good. The food was non greasy fresh and very tasty, even a good choice for us veggies.This is a perfect hotel and I would stay here again next time I am in London.	
Jun 30 2009 	My new favorite London hotel	The Montague was recommended by a frequent London traveler. This is my new favorite London hotel. It is a lovely boutique hotel in a &quot;civilized&quot; neighborhood. The British Museum is around the corner, as are many great pubs and restaurants, yet it feels like being off the beaten path. All of the &quot;little things&quot; like American and European outlets in the rooms, the rain style showers, in-room free wireless Internet, and coffee and muffins for the morning taking make this a first class hotel. Additionally, the hospitality and staff are bar-none. My favorite part was Jorge at the concierge desk. The customer service is perhaps the best in the world!	
Jun 30 2009 	Fabulous Hotel in City Centre	I have stayed in a 5 star hotel during the antire year 1999. But what the Montague is offering is in no way closeto what this hotel had to offer.I have been staying at the Montague every week from Sunday to Friday for the past 6 months. The location is within walking distance to the office and to the major attractions within the city of London. The staff have been proven very valuable when asking for dinning locations and for shopping tips. They can even organise theater tickets for you when you are unable to find any through other channels. The breakfast but even more so dinner is excellent and it is hard to find any better food in London for a comparable price. I am highly recommending this hotel for both business as well as leisure travelers.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great Location Spectacular Service	My wife, two daughters, and I just returned from a nine day stay at The Montague on the Gardens. We could not have asked for a better experience. The hotel is quite nicely appointed and the service was truly exceptional. Its central location makes exploring London on foot easily doable. We enjoyed our dinners at the Blue Door Bistro and would highly recommend eating on the back patio overlooking the garden - it is so peaceful, you would never know that you are in the middle of a vibrant city. The Concierge and his staff were very attentive and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, calling us by name every time they saw us. My children really enjoyed the chocolate strawberries that were delivered to our room every night. The next time we travel to London, there is no doubt where we will be staying.	
Jun 26 2009 	Wonderful Bloomsbury hotel	My husband and I had a two-week European vacation. We started the trip at a sister property the Chesterfield Mayfair in London and finished back in London at the Montague. I enjoyed our stay much more at the Montague. We had a great package that included a Bloomsbury King room (it had a pretty black and white theme, room 104), tickets to the London Eye (they gave us fast break tickets which saved us from a long wait) and daily breakfast (the breakfast was wonderful, and there was a large selection each morning). The staff was wonderful. They arranged a car to return us to the airport. For less than we paid for cab to bring us to the airport, we traveled in a roomy Mercedes van. I will recommend the Montague to all our friends traveling to London.I loved the location. I like the liberty of being to eat whatever I want while on vacation, and to compensate for this we try to walk everywhere. We were only a 15 minute walk to Convent Garden and a 30 minute walk to the London Eye, Big Ben/Houses of Parliament &amp; Westminster Abbey. The hotel was across the street from the British Museum, so it was very easy to explore in the morning then rest up before going through the Museum. Don’t miss the Rosetta stone &amp; Elgin Marbles (both on the 1st floor).While we were in London we had tea at the Ritz, which is a wonderful experience. It takes a little planning as the reservations need to be booked several weeks in advance. We also took advantage of the Big Bus Company tour. I couldn’t go to London and not ride the double decker bus. It was nice to be able to get on and off at different places and learn about them. I especially enjoyed stopping at Harrods and having lunch in the food halls.One other most do in London is to ride the Underground. We took it to the Tower of London. We were there when it opened, and this was a great way to beat the crowds. We went immediately to the crown jewels. We didn’t have to wait, and we were able to look around for as long as we liked.My only complaint is that the rooms were a little small, though we found this to be the case with both hotels in London.	
Jun 26 2009 	An oasis of calm in the city and a home from home	The Montague on the Gardens is the only place I stay when in London. A small hotel with a really personal feel, the rooms and surroundings are delightful and the staff could give masterclasses in customer service - they are superb. Nothing is too much trouble and they make a point of remembering people's name and personally greeting you. You feel like you are their most important customer. I am so convinced I encouraged colleagues to hold regular meeting at the hotel and they are all really impressed with their Montague experience. The fact that some of the staff have been there for 20 years speaks for itself.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great hotel	simply one of the best hotles in the world. Great customer service form beginning to end. a true home from home	
Jun 23 2009 	One of my Favorites!	My husband and I were traveling in celebration of our honeymoon and by the time we got to London we had stayed in 5 different hotels across Europe and a train. This hotel was by far our favorite. It was my husband’s 31st birthday the day after our arrival. The Montague really helped me pull off a great birthday. They arranged for a bakery to bring over an amazing chocolate cake and arranged for a private menu. While we were having dinner they set up the cake, candles and roses in our room. I was hoping for a nice dinner and a small dessert in the room. NO WAY! They really made it special. The staff was amazing and the hotel was really nice. If we ever get a chance to back to London we will defiantly stay at The Montague.	
Jun 22 2009 	Not as Grande as you might think!	The Montague hotel had a feeling of granduer but did not live up to first impressons. The location is very good right next to the British Museum and not too far from Covent Garden and Theatreland. Russell Square tube staton is between a 5&amp;10 minute walk so not too far. The reception by the hotel staff was warm and welcoming and staff were on hand to andle your baggage if required. The stay also included breakfast which was good and the staff were again very attentive. The only problem was the bedroom (a double with en-suite) was extremely small, it was with all intentions a single bedroom with a double bed in it. This on talking with the assistant manager was the size of their standard bedrooms so be aware if you do book to stay here either ask for an upgrade or if you like your space then look elswhere. In our case, as we were only staying one night, we put up with it but if we were staying any longer it would have been an upgrade or we'd have looked somewhere else. Hope this helps, thanks.	
Jun 20 2009 	Another fantastic stay at The Montague on the Gardens	This was our second stay at The Montague on the Gardens. Since last year nothing has changed which is actually a good thing because what I mean is the service standard is just as excellent. In fact, it was challenging last year to locate a relatively reasonably priced London hotel that offered excellent service, amenities, and location. So we are glad we found The Montague. We chose to reserve the hotel’s private car pickup/drop back service to and from Heathrow. It is pricey, but it is worthwhile to us. We preferred it to the tube and cab. They use luxury cars so the rides from the airport and out of the city were very comfortable. Unfortunately we were delayed by hours upon arrival yet the pickup was sorted out quickly by the hotel. Drop back was also great as our driver, Anthony, was very thoughtful and related some interesting and amusing London stories along the way. Our first room on this recent visit was in room #28, deluxe king with sofa bed for the third person in our party. The room, as in many London hotels, was small yet functional and had all the conveniences necessary. The bathroom surprisingly was very roomy so much so that there were double sinks. This stay we broke up our London visits and requested king rooms on one level. Room #28 is on one level. However, on our return to London we were accommodated in room #227 which is another deluxe king room except like last year, it was on two levels with the bathroom at the entryway at the top of the stairs. This room was also very functional and while small was comfortable. However, the reason for requesting the one level was that we don’t like walking up and down the stairs to get to the bathroom. But we understood that in order to have a garden view, which we requested, is only on request unless one wants to reserve one that will be an extra cost. We did not reserve one and just had it on request for both rooms. Apparently the split level room was available with garden view so that’s what they gave us.Of note the sparkling bottled water that is in the room is free. If you need more just call and they will replenish it.We had the traditional English breakfast included in our rate (we would not take it if it were not included as it’s GBP 26/pp) and there was a good selection of pastries, breads, fresh fruit salad, scrambled eggs (you can request fried and boiled on request too), sausage, bacon, mushroom, and tomatoes. It was filling and all good to start the day with. If you do have the breakfast inclusive rate yet need to leave early as we had to again on the way to Heathrow and like last year on a trip away from London, you need to fill out the breakfast card and request the Continental breakfast options. Although the time on the card states breakfast is served from 7 a.m. one can call and make arrangements to have it served earlier-just make sure someone in room service has the earlier time request marked down for sure. The Continental breakfast is good also because they offer cheeses and hams along with some really great mini pastries and breads. Vincenzo, the assistant concierge, was really helpful. We requested him to assist us in checking in our airline reservations online and printing our boarding passes which he did promptly and patiently. The front desk staff were very welcoming and answered our various questions cheerfully. It really was great to return ‘home’ to ‘our’ London hotel after a year and also after our trip to Belgium/Netherlands. Truly The Montague on the Gardens was the best hotel we’ve stayed at and after staying at five other hotels on this trip The Montague still beat them all.	
Jun 20 2009 	Spoilt Rotten 'Harrogate'	Myself and my 20 month old son came to stay with my husband who works in London for a mini break. We were looked after so well at the Montague, the staff were so friendly and attentive and could just not do enough to help. They made travelling with a toddler so easy and the hotel truly felt like a haven when we returned after a day exploring. The food at the hotel was superb and my little boy got fantastic service in the restaurant at breakfast time, with his own special highchair. Cannot wait to return.	
Jun 19 2009 	Quiet haven in London	I stayed at the Montague in May 2009 with my husband. The hotel was very comfortable .We enjoyed a glass of champagne overlooking the gardens late afternoon .It was very peaceful ,you almost forgot you were in London. Our room was lovely and bright., It was a premier room , Air con was great easy to work ,but the bathroom was very small .There was only one fixed shower head ,which worked ok but drowned everywhere in the process. Breakfast was good ,service good and staff very friendly .The underground was only 5 mins walk and the bus was only around the corner. It was a lovely walk back from Covent Garden to the hotel. I would stay there again	
Jun 17 2009 	A great base for Bloomsbury and the West end Theatres.	We wanted to be near to the British Museum and have stayed at the Montague twice[having discovered it through Tripadvisor] The staff were splendid, even to nipping round to the B.M for tickets which were sold out on line. It was also an easy walk to the Charing Cross Road Bookshops .I 'd come again like a shot. Sumptuous breakfasts kept us going until afternoon tea.	
Jun 15 2009 	Thank's for making our stay in London truly memorable	Everyone at the hotel was extremely kind and helpful and exceeded our expectation. In particular we would like to thank Vincenzo, Marika and Hanka respectably in concierge, reception and housekeeping. We will be backThank you	
Jun 10 2009 	home away from home	The location and service were excellent. We wanted peace and quiet withineasy reach of entertainment and transport. the Montague offered all we couldhave hoped for in comfortable attractive rooms.The Montague truly lives up to it,s ideals of nothing too big nor to small tocater too. We were more than happy to return again and will continue to do so.	
Jun 9 2009 	What a gem of a hotel	After a bad experience with another hotel and signing up to trip adviser, I wanted to make sure that my next stay in a hotel was a good one. I previously stayed in the Russel Square area of London at Christmas and liked the area as it is central and clean. I found The Montague on The Gardens on trip advisor and booked it after reading the great reviews.Well it did not fail to impress and does what it says on the tin....The service is exceptional and their motto &quot;No request to big or detail to small&quot; is definiately true.The room and bathroom, although on the small side, was beautifully furnished, very clean with lots of little touches which showed the hotel cared about the clintelle that stayed there.It is close to covent garden, 10 mins walk, and close to the tube, Russell square, piccadilly line so access to the city great.After going to the theatre, we found that the room had been serviced, sheets turned down and slippers at the ready, tea and coffee also replenished.The breakfast was also very good and service again great.I have to say that this is one of the best hotels I have stayed at and probably the best for service.	
Jun 9 2009 	Travelling Women - This One's for You	At the end of several weeks of touring a friend and I decided to splurge on our final three nights in London before the long flight home to the Antipodes. Research on the web, including Tripadvisor, lead us to the Montague on the Gardens, 15 Montague Street, Bloomsbury.My friend and I had eached booked a double room but when checking in decided to accept an offered upgrade for a small additional cost. We were both delighted with the decision. Each of our rooms was individually designed - hard and soft furnishings were perfecrtly complemented. The walls were lined with fabric and so well sound insulated that it was impossible to believe London was outside the door. Luxuriously thick blinds and curtains also kept the room beautifully dark as an aid to privacy and to sleep. There were plenty of lighting options in the room and the king bed was comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful and I particularly appreciated the &quot;Rain Water&quot; style shower even though it was over the bath.Towelling robes, slippers, a properly lit make-up mirror, ironing facilities and quality toiletries also added to the indulgent feel. Breakfast was standard fare, but was plentful - the coffee was not good - a cafetiere of fresh coffee would have been appreciated. The bar was lovely with live music in the early evening.But for me it was the feling of safety, security and serenity that sets this hotel apart - it is particularly welcoming to female travellers and appears to cultivate them as a niche clientele. There are plenty of staff and they all appear very well trained and enthusiastic about their duties. Service is valued highly by hotel management and I appreciated the effort. The Montague exceeded my expectations in many ways - it has a brilliant location, being literally around the corner from the Britsh Museum, as well as offering wonderful accommodation and service - a furst class hotel worthy of the title.	
Jun 8 2009 	We didn't want to leave!	I recently celebrated a 'big' birthday and was treated to a night here by my lovely husband. Literally from the moment we stepped through the door we were treated like royalty. The welcome was genuine and so very warm, we felt at home immediately - such a treat from the usual anon. hotels in cities around the world.The room was just perfect and a real sanctuary in the middle of London. The breakfast was a feast to behold and served by such friendly and attentive staff. In fact every member of staff we encountered here during our short stay gave nothing less than top notch customer care - thank you to every one of them, you made our stay perfect!We now know where to return too when considering a night or two (or three?!) in London - a real home from home!	
Jun 3 2009 	London in Comfort 	The Montague on the Gardens offers the comfort and style of traveller's dreams! Its located in a wonderful Bloomsbury location just around the corner from the British Museum and within easy walking distance of three tube stops (Russell Square, Holburn, &amp; Tottenham). Our room overlooking the garden was quiet and tastefully decorated with a remarkedly comfortable bed and a delightfully light, spacious bathroom. The small intimate feeling of this hotel, the charming restaurant, the elegant bar and outside dining areas overlooking the garden, and most importantly the gracious, responsive hotel staff certainly justify the high rating of The Montague. This was our first stay, and hopefully the first of many as London is a favorite destination for theatre and museums. If a stay is not possible, at least go for tea or dinner as the restaurant is charming and serves delicious fare - in summer there's even a barbeque lunch on the deck.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel in a central location	The Montague is perfectly positioned for Central London and nicely placed close to the West End, Bloomsbury and if required, the City. All of the rooms are beautifully laid out with the staff happy to help out difficult guests like me. I think the hotel represents terrific value as the prices don’t reflect the level of service, comfort or location you get. The restaurant is one of my favourites in London – great food eating al fresco and overlooking quiet gardens. I can’t find fault with the hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone whether for business or pleasure.	
May 31 2009 	Outstanding customer service from all staff throughout the stay	The staff at this hotel provided the highest standard of customer service I have ever experienced from a hotel. Nothing was too much trouble for them in ensuring that both the meeting and the accommodation aspects ran smoothly and to the highest standards.What struck me as outstanding was that all members of staff (of all grades and posts) were unfailingly polite and courteous even when they were not dealing with you directly (e.g. when they passed you in the corridor) and how genuine the concern appeared to be. Too often, stock customer care phrases are trotted out with little eye contact or engagement with the individual - there was none of that at this hotel. Their staff training is clearly excellent.	
May 29 2009 	Best location great service	My wife and I stayed at the Montague for 9 nights and had a great experience. The location is one of the best in London (for us) as it is conveniently near the British Museum, as well as good restaurants and friendly pubs. The concierge, Mustafa, was well informed and full of helpful information; he was ready to aid in arranging activities as well as transportation. Suggestions: get an Oyster card for easy traveling on the tube and buses; eat at these rearby restaurants: Tas, Paradiso, The Swan Pub. Also Pizza Express, which we would not have tried except for recommendations from friends, is very good especially if you like thin crust Italian style pizza. The Bella Italia, near Victoria Station, is very good. (All of the preceding were reasonably priced, especially for London.) When you are returning to Heathrow for your flight, ask Mustafa to book a car for you as it is so much more convenient (35 pounds from hotel to airport) and usually takes less than an hour. Two nice day trips are Canterbury (2 hrs by train, about 22 pounds/ticket) and the charming town of Henley on Thames (1 hr by train, about 13 pounds/ticket).	
May 29 2009 	Simply one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at	Not much to say except the service is incredible. Anything you could ever want or need, just ask and the staff is more than willing to assist. Only noticed it would be helpful to have a vending machine of cold beverages either on each floor or at least one in the ground floor.	
May 28 2009 	Personal classy 	The staff at The Montague are wonderful. I remember I had to take the Eurostar back after a fire broke out in the Channel Tunnel and disturbed cross-Channel traffic mid-2008. The concierge did everything he could to help us find out the adjusted departure time of our Eurostar to Brussels! It's these little extras that really made me feel at home at The Montague. And this is just an example. The concierge and other staff are always willing to help.That's why I have been coming back to The Montague ever since my first visit early 2007 and I simply love it. Great value and always offers for special room rates! As a weekend leisure traveller the hotel adds a lot of extras to the room rate if I stay two consecutive nights (from Friday to Sunday).I enjoy The Montague a lot because it is such a wonderful, quiet hotel with great breakfast facilities and wonderful service. It's also perfectly located in Central London. You can walk to most of Central London.Everybody at The Montague is superfriendly!	
May 28 2009 	Absolutely Fabulous	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 8 nights and from the moment we stepped in the door we were treated like a king and queen. So was everyone else from what I saw and overheard. The food was wonderful from the large breakfast (with the friendly and attentive staff) that started the day in the best possible way to an evening dinner filled with excellent food served by a wonderful and diverse staff. Everyone was so kind and when we were leaving they inquired when we were going to return. ;) The only little, tiny thing that would give pause was the configuration of the bathroom. We're a little older and the step up into the shower was a little tricky but this is a minor matter. For location (a 5 minute walk or so to the Russell Sq. underground station), amenities and overall peace of mind, this is THE place to stay in London. You must go to London and when you do, stay at this lovely, comfortable and friendly home away from home.	
May 27 2009 	A place of calm in the midst of London	It was a real pleasure to stay in The Montague On The Gardens, There is an &quot;olde worlde&quot; charm about the place. The service was excellent, nothing was too much trouble for the staff. The hotel is well situated near to The British Museum, and we also discovered Bloomsbury Square just around the corner! We enjoyed it that much, we are returning with other friends in October.	
May 25 2009 	A hidden gem!	Stayed here for 4 nights, chose it mainly due to good reviews on this site - and we weren't disappointed! The greeting at reception was one of the best we've ever experienced, and we liked the way we were shown around all the hotel facilities. Our room was quite surprising, on two levels and overlooking the gardens at the rear. My only slight quibble would be the lack of drawer space for underwear and other such items - there was plenty of room for a chest of drawers or a tallboy so why not provide one? Otherwise the bed was extremely comfortable and the bathroom well appointed.The level of service was exceptional all round but I must mention the concierge who took the trouble to find out about the special bus shuttle to the Chelsea Flower Show and left a print out about it under the door! All the staff were friendly and efficient and we felt very, very comfortable in such surroundings.On our last night we ate in the Blue Bistro (lovely food) and there was a problem with, of all things, bread - not a slice to be had! My husband spoke to the duty manager who accepted that such things shouldn't take 45 minutes to solve, and told us that our meal would not be charged for. I had thought we might be offered a bottle of wine but this was amazing, and left us feeling very well disposed to the management.We are thrilled to have found this beautiful little gem of a hotel in such a nice part of London, and will definitely return on our next visit.	
May 25 2009 	Understated luxury hotel next door to the British Museum	The Montague on The Gardens has a very understated appearance from the street. But that appearance belies a hotel with great rooms, great service and a really top-notch breakfast buffet.The rooms are very nicely appointed with comfortable beds, flat-screen TVs, and a luxurious bathroom setup. My room was meticulously maintained by the housekeeping staff throughout my stay. The breakfast buffet (included in the room price) had cold cereals, delicious muesli, a nice selection of fruit and hot breakfast selections (eggs, beans, sausages, etc.). The hotel is conveniently located near Russell Square and right next to the British Museum. It's a short walk to the theater district, shopping on Oxford Street and Soho.The hotel is a little pricey but not notably more so than other business-class hotels in London (or in any other major city for that matter). I enjoyed my week-long stay very much.	
May 24 2009 	Beautiful over the top decor combined with fantastic service	The Montague is totally over the top...in a really good way. Yes, the rooms are small, but fantastically well appointed and therefore great value. Its in a great location right next to the British Museum, in the heart of Bloomsbury and right next to Holburn. The staff have a great service ethic. Nothing is too much trouble...without being obstrusive.The bar prices could be a little more 'competitive'.Overall, quality and service are so good, and the unique boutique style make this a great place to stay.I've been here many times on business and pleasure...and I intend to keep coming back.	
May 19 2009 	Great service great location.	My wife and I have just returned from a two night weekend break at the Montague and we were both very impressed. The staff have been very well trained and made us feel welcome as soon as we walked through the door. We had booked a Bloomsbury King room but received a complimentary upgrade to a suite. The rooms are not what I would discribe as large but they are very clean and well appointed - the bath and shower were excellent. The bed was one of the best I've slept in at a hotel and I must say I didn't hear a sound at night despite my room being on the 1st floor overlooking the road and I'm a light sleeper. Within the first half hour we received complimentary nibbles which were delivered to our door and at least two phone calls to check everything was OK with the room etc. We also got a short tour of the hotel to let us know where everything was - nice touch. If I had a criticism it would be breakfast which was standard hotel buffet fare which, because we were late down, was getting a bit cold - the tea was good though. The location is brilliant as the hotel is within easy walking distance of two tube stations, the Museum, Covent Garden and various theatres e.g. the Dominion and the Adelphe. There are also some great bars near by - I would recommend Belgo for mussells, steak and a great continental beer menu and the Princess Louise for character and good beer at good prices (it's a Sam Smiths). It has a rear garden space which I'm sure would be nice in the summer - it was a bit chilly when we were there.Overall I was delighted with my stay and would recommend the Montague as a quiet, intimate and comfortable hotel. I will stay there again.	
May 18 2009 	"An oasis in the centre of London"	This was our second stay at this lovely hotel and hopefully won't be the last. On arrival we were allocated an upgrade to a bedroom with a four poster bed and the room had a garden view. (We had to pay an extra £20 per night.) The room was lovely and the shower was one of those that flowed from the ceiling. However, on reflection for the time spent there (2 nights) we would have been happy with a standard double room as they are just as cosy. The four poster bed was a nice feature but we felt we had to take a running jump to get onto the bed as it was quite raised! We had a late night supper in the lounge and we thought the soup was reasonable and very filling with lots of bread. For our treat which we picked from a choice (it was part of the deal) we had afternoon tea. This was very decadent and included a glass of champagne as well as the cakes and sandwiches. However, we wouldn't have paid full price for the afternoon tea by choice as we felt that it was expensive for what you received. The service of the hotel is outstanding and this was highlighted by the fact that some members of the family joined us for Sunday breakfast (they were non-residents) and the staff made them very welcome. Nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast was good and we especially enjoyed the poached eggs! We didn't realise that you could have breakfast out on the terrace and we will remember this the next time we go back to stay. The hotel is very conveniently located for theatres, museums and the shops. It was a bonus that the No 7 bus from Paddington train station stops opposite the hotel. Can't wait for our next visit!	
May 14 2009 	A truely exceptional experience	I have stayed at the Montague on several occasions, both on business and pleasure when in London. The staff are most attentive at all times, and the atmosphere in the hotel oozes class, sophistication but at the same time is pleasantly relaxed. The hotel restaurant is first class, be it for lunch or an evening meal, and the regularly changing menu means that there is always a good selection of seasonal dishes to choose from.Very highly recommended!!	
May 10 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic!	We have stayed in many hotels and none have come up to this standard, the staff especially Sal went beyond the call of duty to make our stay memorable, we were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and were presented with a plate which had &quot;Happy Anniversary&quot; written in chocolate and also truffles on the plate, at dinner Sal gave us both a glass of Champagne! and the hotel also gave us an upgrade on our room (which was beautiful!) It is our daughters birthday and we are taking her to a show and staying the night once again at this wonderful hotel (11/05/09) We will not be staying anywhere else in the future, we have found our perfect hotel!! Well done to everyone at the Montague!!	
May 8 2009 	Wonderful business facilities wonderful staff	We have now held three client conferences at the Montague and each time have been thrilled at the attention to detail, and level of service. The conference room is large and comfortable, and the Conference and Events Manager was very attentive. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, timings for lunch changed on the day, and this posed no problem at all for the chef. The staff recognised the conference organiser by name after just one visit! We will definitely be using the Montague for future events.	
May 7 2009	Warm friendly and welcoming ~ outstanding customer service	Throughout our five night stay we were treated with the utmost courtesy and friendliness.From the reception staff to the concierge, nothing was too much trouble. Our room was bright airy and welcoming, cleaned to perfection each day. After succumbing to the flu I was feeling somewhat unwell. If only all hotels provided the customer service that I received. With personal guidance to the doctor and sincere genuine concern for my wellbeing, I highly recommend this wonderful hotel for it’s delivery of family values and good old fashion warmth.A true gem to find !	
May 5 2009 	Great Hotel with Staff Who Really Understand Customer Service	Just spent 3 nights at the Montague on a city break with my husband and we loved it. As has been said on here, the staff were ALL excellent - from the warm welcome at the door to reception, bar and restaurant staff - we had NOTHING but professional, courteous, prompt and efficient service. Some detail as follows:Location - Bloomsbury, literally round the corner from the British Museum, 15 minute flat walk to Leicester Sqare. Very near Russell Square tube.Public Areas - beautifully (and dramatically) decorated like a small scale country house hotel.Dinner - we ate a pre-theatre dinner in the restaurant for (I think) £24.95 for two courses and the food was very good. If you want a dessert you can order it and have it when you come back from the theatre which is a nice touch.Breakfast - We had breakfast included in the pkg so don't know how much it was individually. Good selection of hot and cold buffet.Bedroom - we had a standard double and it was ON THE SMALL SIDE...we're both over 5'11&quot; and it's a good job we're married! If you have lots of luggage or like a lot of space in your bedroom...take note...the room and bathroom were on the small side BUT it was air conditioned, with kettle etc, bottled water (which was replenished) and a very comfy bed. We were on the third floor overlooking the entrance to the hotel and it was quiet at night and we were undisturbed.Bar - we ate in here once and it was good. Food served until 1030pm. Good selection. Usual bar/London prices but good choice and quality (but I think there are smaller snacks until later)...bar open until 2am.Afternoon Tea - we had this once as part of our pkg. Think it was £24 each inc champagne although without, it's £14 I think. Very nice. Good selection of sandwiches &amp; cakes, leaf tea, beautifully presented.Safety - I'd feel happy to stay here on my own.Gym - didn't use so cannot comment.	
May 5 2009 	Loved this hotel	I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel. We stayed for 4 nights with 2 teen kids and a grandmom. The rooms were modern and tasteful--loved the shower head from the ceiling. We had an interior room (garden side) and it was quiet and comfortable, and I'm pretty particular about beds and pillows! The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful--we were sad to say goodbye to them. The food in the bar and the Blue Door Bistro were the best we had in London. We ate there twice! The conceriege were friendly, happy, and always gave us the best information. The location, right next door to the British Museum, is a great place to stay. The hop on/hop off bus stop was at the end of the street and convent garden within walking distance. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and/or look into using another red carnation hotel.	
May 5 2009 	Outstanding service a marvelous experience we can't wait to go back.	I am from Boston and did a trip to France and London with my wife and three older (18, 21, 25) children. I had stayed at the Montague for a business meeting booked for by employer last year. It's difficult to find accomodations for a group of 5 adults. I wrote the Montague and they immediately told me they could accomodate us in 2 rooms, a king for me and my wife, and a room with three singles for my kids. Wonderful! Upon arrival, we were greated very warmly, they knew we were coming....and it was such a change in comparison to the service we received in France. The staff was incredibly accomodating. We were only there 3 nights but it felt like we became friends with everybody. Breakfast was great, and we had dinner one night in the restaurant......outstanding. My youngest son said we should have just gone to the Montague all week, and my wife feels as though it is her favorite (city) spot of all time. Lots of British charm, super people, feels like home (only better). Highly recommend the Montague!	
May 4 2009 	Excellent service - not cheap but value for money	This was our fourth stay and yet again we were impressed by the excellent level of friendly service. We booked a special package direct with the hotel and I would recommend this. (I once thought I was making a small saving by booking through another site, but ended up paying over the odds as breakfast and taxes weren't included.) We paid roughly £150 each night for two nights including breakfast with a choice of treats thrown in. We opted for the free afternoon tea, worth about £40 for the two of us, and it was lovely - sandwiches, cakes and scones, and tea of course, served in a pleasant room overlooking the gardens at the rear of the hotel. Bedrooms and bathrooms are pleasant and clean with comfortable beds. Some bedrooms are small, though very adequate for a short stay, but on this occasion we were upgraded to a more spacious room overlooking the gardens. We sometimes stay at a much more utilitarian hotel (the President on Russell Square) for about two-thirds the price but if you're looking for something a bit special without paying a horrendous price, I don't think you could do better than the Montague. The location is perfect for us	
May 4 2009 	A delightful hotel	Faultless service - nothing was overlooked or too much trouble. Our room was compact, clean, and tastefully decorated. I liked the idea of a switch to illuminate the sign to let the chambermaid know when to makeup the room. Located in a quiet street in Bloomsbury just around the corner from the British Museum. The breakfast was excellent. I have nothing negative to say about it.	
May 2 2009 	Friendly London Hotel	The Montague is conveniently located near Russel Square tube station and is attractive and nicely decorated. The rooms, though on the small side, are very well appointed and the food is well presented and enjoyable. However the hotel's greatest asset has to be its staff who without exception are friendly, welcoming, hard working and helpful - they helped make a short weekend break into a special trip.	
Apr 30 2009 	Impressive customer service	I have not yet stayed at The Montague on the Gardens, but I like them already. I had to cancel a 4 night stay after my flight from the US was abruptly cancelled at the last minute. The deadline for a full refund had passed. I called them and emailed them asap, and they very kindly advised me that I would not be charged the usual first night charge because of the airline cancellation. I call that good customer service, good business policy and a hotel with a heart! I will definitely be staying there sometime soon.	
Apr 29 2009 	Fantastic!	Great stay: very friendly staff, excellent breakfast, great location, nice rooms. They gave us a free upgrade of our room and when I forgot my ring while checking out, the housekeeper has searched everywhere, found him and it was send to my home :-). Recommended!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Lots of character an ideal London setting delightful staff	This hotel is a gem. What made it really stand out for me was the attitude and efficiency of the delightful staff team. Together they provide guests with a sense of 'home from home' that immediately put me at ease, forgetting the big metropolis just outside. Our conference needs were supported very well; I would recommend this venue to those planning a conference for 100 people or so, as the very pleasant atmosphere was conducive to exchange and networking. The food was superb, particularly the fruit smoothies and the freshly baked raisin cookies, with fresh mint leaves, served for coffee break on the veranda....hmmm. My room had recently been redecorated to a very high standard and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel is tastefully decorated, suitably elegant - given its Bloomsbury setting - but not at all 'over the top'. It was easy to find, minutes from the British Museum and underground station. Perfect! I want to go back soon.	
Apr 24 2009 	Charming rooms and ambience friendly service and very good value	Stayed for 4 nights in April in a Bloomsbury Deluxe King Room. The room was decently sized, but had a great layout with a separate sitting area. The shower was simply lovely. We had a deal that included breakfast which was hearty (though I'm not a breakfast person myself) and a 2 course dinner one night. Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful. The location was convenient, close to the Russell Sq. tube, across the street from the British Museum, and walkable to Picadilly, Trafalgar and more. Going back to London, I wouldn't think about staying in another hotel.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location splendid staff old fashioned service - really excellent	21st April 2009Made our one night stay an absolute pleasure. Charming staff, most helpful.Breakfast quick and very acceptable. So handy for British Museum and Theatreland.Would defininely stay again	
Apr 17 2009 	The perfect break on the Gardens	I chose 'The Montague on the Gardens' for a birthday break for my partner because it was close to Theatre Land, Covent Garden and having the British Museum just around the was a real bonus.A very warm welcome was waiting for us on arrival at the hotel.We were shown to our room. Not the most spacious we've stayed in but it was beautifully decorated and quite stylish, with good en-suite facilities.Breakfast in restaurant was a perfect start to each morning.The friendly staff and the attention to detail made for a lovely couple of nights with a warm, cosy atmosphere.	
Apr 15 2009 	A perfect boutique hotel	We spent one week in February. Everyone on staff including the maid, reception, the breakfast hostess and the concierge, were kind, caring, and accomodating. The room (a king deluxe) was quite roomy for 2 adults and a child. The daily breakfast (extra) included a wonderful assortment of fruits, meats and cheeses and choice of eggs (and of course there was always sausages and baked tomatoes. We did not dine in the restaurant for other meals but did have wonderful desserts in the bar at night. The hotel is just across from the British Museum, a quick walk to the tube, and 15 minute walk to the theater district and loads of restaurants, but in a fairly quiet &quot;neighborhood&quot; location.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent hotel but book superior/kingsize!	Stayed at this hotel for 1 night as we were going out in Holburn. Is in an excellent location close to Holburn station (central line) and Russel square (Victoria line), is opposite to the British Museum. For such a central location it is on a very quiet street especially as we also booked a 3rd floor room. Has some lovely gardens to relax if weather is nice too.Hotel/check -in : Hotel looks very grand on entrance all the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful. Unfortunately we had to wait for our room, check was from 2pm we arrived at 3.30pm and had to wait an hour. They were very apologetic and gave us complimentary drinks which included champagne, coffee, beer and nuts! We were not too bothered really as not in too much of a rush.Room: However I was very dissappointed with our room. We booked through superbreak.com and got a bargain and can see why! it was the smallest room ever with the smallest double bed I have ever seen the 2 of us could hardly fit in it. The room itself was tiny we could not both be standing at the same time as it was a squash, there were no tea making facilities (although they did have free coffee downstairs in morning to help yourself) Bathroom was great lovely hot powerful shower which was needed as I think I had a total of no sleep in that bed! So if ever stayed again would have to get kingsize room. Despite all that the room was every clean and tidy.Breakfast: Great buffet breakfast none of those cheap yuk sausages! lots of fresh fruit, seeds, nuts, yogurts everything looked freshly cooked. The staff were very on the ball, coffee always topped up, always checking for more toast and it was a full restuarant (was easter weekend) so very impressed.Overall: I would stay again but only if I got a bargain on a larger room. Nice peacefull location and a nice environment to escape from a busy London. I did not feel we got value for money with our room but we were so forgiving as it is a little gem of a find, with the friendliest staff ever!	
Apr 12 2009 	Get the breakfast!	Usually I have stayed in quite spartan (tho not so cheap) hotels in London. But because the pound was low against the dollar, we splurged on this charming hotel in Bloomsbury. It is really a gem -- as others have noted here. In a great location -- blocks from the British Museum, walkable to Covent Garden and Leicester Square, convenient to several tube spots, and near some student areas with good cheap restaurants and pubs.The hotel is very old-Englishy, in a good way. The first room they gave us with cramped and there was too much traffic noise, which surprised me because I'd requested a quiet room. But they cheerfully moved us to another queen room on the first floor which was closer to the street but quieter for some unknown reason. Modest-sized but huge ceilings (the hotel is several old townhouses put together), lovely furnishings, a stupid shower (yup, one of those spray over everything because there's only half a shower door number), an electric tea kettle, a good TV, very lovely and comfortable.We got a good special on the Carnations Hotel website, which included one dinner and a breakfast. The dinner was great, very fine (and expensive) restaurant in the hotel. And the breakfast! A huge spread, if you get the full buffet -- cold cuts, fruit, cereals, pastries, juices and in the next room eggs, bacon, beans, sausage. We really filled up on that every day, and didn't need much else until dinner time.The staff was plentiful, far more than in most American hotels, and very pleasant and accommodating. I just hope we can afford to stay at the MOntague again, because I'm spoiled now!	
Apr 11 2009 	What a difference a room size makes!!	Just returned from my second stay at the Montague and what a difference a larger room makes.Everything about this hotel is amazing; from the decor to the setting and especially the staff - nothing is too much trouble. My first review of this hotel gave it a 4/5 because the room was exceptionally small but I cannot give this hotel any negatives at all this time. 5 out of 5 for evrything. We paid a little extra for a King Size room and it was great, well worth the extra.We ate the pre-theatre meal in the bistro and the service was incredible. We had a starter and a main and then the dessert was served when we returned from the theatre at about 10.45pm. We sat out on the terrace (with heaters switched on, blankets were provided just in case it was chilly)with a cocktail and the staff bought us our desserts - it was a wonderful finish to the evening. We had breakfast in the conservatory and it was also brilliant.The attention to detail at this hotel is amazing; you just feel so well cared for and looked after, as though you are the only guest in there at that time - brilliant!!I would recommend this place to everyone. It's a wonderful hotel and although it is a little pricey, you don't mind paying it as you are getting a top class service. All London hotels are pricey, but this one is worth it.	
Apr 10 2009 	Friendlyefficient and helpful and ideally located	On arrival we were greeted in a most welcoming fashion, all the staff were anxious to make our overnight stay a memorable one.Dinner was excellent, both the cooking and the value for money. We had to leave very early in the morning but the staff arranged breakfast for us ahead of the normal time, so that we started our journey in good spirits.Thank you to all the staff and the management team for making our stay a peaceful and enjoyable one.	
Apr 9 2009 	Perfect Except...	This is a great hotel but with one major failing. First, the good part--great location right across a side street from the British Museum, in Bloomsbury with wonderful ethnic (Thai, Turkish, Korean etc) restaurants in two minute walk; rooms are small (standard in UK) but adequate; the service from the reception desk, concierge, bellhop, chambermaids, and especially breakfast service is absolutely superb; breakfasts have great buffet plus hot eggs and toast and coffee ordered. So what's not to like, especially in London where value for the money in hotels is quite rare? Internet. They have both cable connect and wifi in the rooms but want 10 pounds per day ($15) for the privilege. This is as absurd today as charging for electricity or plumbing! My wife and I both travel with laptops and I need it for professional contacts and my wife to keep in touch with friends. It would have cost us $30 per day for internet. Ridiculous! My wife was able to pirate off an open source connection the whole time and I only used it for two days, but it was quite irritating having to ration and do connections this way to avoid large charges. The hotel apparently like many hotels outsources the service to a private contractor who is gouging, but would be much better off making a fixed rate contract with the company and charging all guests 3 pounds extra per night whether they use internet a night to pay the cost than alienating guests like us who use the internet and spoiling an otherwise perfect hotel.	
Apr 7 2009 	Genteel quiet and relaxed with attentive staff	A lovely hotel, ideally situated (near the British Museum) for much site seeing on foot and beyond. The staff were EXTREMELY polite and attentive. The hotel is decorated in an old English style and one of our rooms even had a 4-poster bed. Only one criticism - the rooms are fairly small - but that's what you get in an old building and hey - how much time do you want to spend in the room swinging your cat? Get out there and enjoy the sites. The bathroom was lovely, with toiletries and bath robes provided. Lounge/waiting areas are filled with sofas to sink into, arranged in little huddles so that groups can be private. Breakfast was delicious, if a little hectic, great staff although we did have to wait around 20 mins for a table on Monday morning. To sum up - just lovely.	
Apr 7 2009 	Cant believe the rating??	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and found it extremely ordinary. Decor horribly dated (although we were in refurbished room!!) We were on the ground floor, the room was tiny and it had a very bad smell. No mini bar/fridge in room.We were told on the telephone before arriving we would be given a Bloomsbury room but by the time we arrived (2 hours later) this had changed to a &quot;classic&quot; room. That aside, it was reasonably priced but more expensive than Base2Stay in Kensington (which we loved but had to check out to due power failure).I didn't particularly like the location in Bloomsbury either. Yes, it was only a short walk to the tube and the British Museum but not much else. Unfortunately not many positives but the staff seemed very nice.	
Apr 4 2009 	Excellent Service Excellent Accommodations Excellent Location!	Five members of our family recently spent six nights at the Montague on the Gardens Hotel and were very pleased with this hotel. Our granddaughters, ages 11 and 15 were with us and they thoroughly enjoyed the British touch. Full English breakfast was wonderful! The location in Bloomsbury was so convenient. There are many ethnic restaurants nearby; the British Museum was directly across the street; and there were three Underground stations within easy walking distance. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful! Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Smith, Waco, TX USA	
Apr 3 2009 	GREAT HOTEL. GREAT LOCATION	This is the second time we have stayed at The Montague on the garden. On this occasion we had a four night visit.We were very pleased with the level of service from the staff, they were always keen to do anything to make your stay a pleasure, and they were very polite and took the time to talk to you. The concierges were very polite and always there when you needed a taxi.The waiting staff were very pleasant and the meals were very good with a vegetarian option available. The afternoon tea is worth the experience. Coffee and news papers were on hand after breakfast.The room was very well appointed, clean and comfortable with air conditioning. The bed was especially good and I had a very good sleep.The hotel is nicely decorated in a kind of Victorian style and is worth looking at just for that.The location is great, there is a garden square a few steps away, and you are just far enough away from the main stream but close enough to the underground, we used taxis as it was almost as cheap and more convenient, and within walking distance of shops, theatres and museums.We would recommend this hotel. We had a very pleasant stay.	
Apr 2 2009 	Soooo Lovely	What can I say? This hotel is very, very nice. The staff know their jobs and are extremely polite; the rooms are quite luxurious and the restaurant is excellent.We stayed twice over a period of three weeks, once for four nights, and then again for one night before heading home to Sydney. The location of the hotel is very good being close to the British Museum, not far from the underground railway, and walking distance to Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus and the Westend.We booked a Deluxe Bloomsbury Suite (Regent Suite) on our first stay, in order to have extra room for luggage and such. With the exchange rate it was a little pricey, but if you like fluffy white towels, thick bathrobes, soft slippers, a large and very comfortable bed, plenty of wardrobe space, ironing board, safe, mini-bar and tea/coffee making - it's worth every cent.We enjoyed breakfast every morning - eggs to order, bacon in both crispy and soft styles, mushrooms, beans and tomatoes. These were kept lovely and warm, and topped up regularly. The coffee was great and orange juice tasted freshly squeezed. The toast came in white, multi-grain, wholemeal or mixed and was brought to the table (instead of having to wait for those dreadful toasting machines). Condiments were on hand; fresh butter, marmalade or jam. A great meal to start each big sightseeing day.The restaurant meal was excellent as well, and quite reasonable compared to other places around London. We had a nice table in the corner away from other diners, and enjoyed tasty, well-cooked food and a nice wine.On our second stay we had booked the same type of suite but were upgraded to the Queens Suite. We had heated towel rails, double sinks, plus a view over the Duke of Bedford's private garden. Quite splendid!We were able to have a late checkout until 3 pm and then for a small fee could stay until 5 pm in order to shower and change before our late flight. It was a wonderful indulgence.Before we left we enjoyed champagne on the heated patio outside (heaters and blankets supplied) and looked over the garden. The concierge had kindly checked us onto our flights online and printed boarding passes.It was such a nice experience. Something we will never forget.	
Apr 1 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay	My husband and I stayed for two nights. Our stay was hassle free and I decieded to book a Bloomsbury Deluxe Room, our room was a little dark for my taste and it did have too much furniture in it. The room &amp; bathroom were spotless, you can have a decent cup of tea in the room and water also. Breakfast was very good and plenty of choice and it was fresh, staff were very helpful and freindly.The style of the hotel is old fashion but it is very cosy and good location can walk easily to Osford St, Covent Gardens etc. All in all would recomend the hotel &amp; would stay again.	
Mar 31 2009 	An Excellent hotel with high values on service and atmosphere	Took my wife away for the week to London and the Montague was recommended to us. Wasn't disappointed as the atmosphere and decor of the hotel were of a high interior qaulity albeit the hotel room small but it oozed charm and character. The service was some of the best I have incountered from any Hotel I have stayed at internationally and nothing was ever a problem for them. The food was excellent and the bar with the female pianist created a great ambience and mood. Greatly situated for Knightbridge and its shops and of course for the British Museum. Would highly recommend this unique and comfortable establishment to anyone visiting London.	
Mar 30 2009 	Weekend Break	This is a wonderful hotel and location to escape too.But it is still in the centre of London.Every where in London is within walking distance.The rooms are comfortable but not large due to the historic buildings it is part of . Staff, food, comfort and service are always amazingly good what ever time of day.We have been many times because it is so good, including New Year.Would not stay any where else in London	
Mar 23 2009 	Great hotel great location	Situated next to the British Museum &amp; close to theatres, the location for us was perfect. The hotel has a lovely style &amp; comfortable with very attentive staff. Good food, well presented &amp; reasonably priced.	
Mar 22 2009 	More an experience than simply a hotel	A colleague and I visited The Montague on the Gardens whilsy on business in the capital. Having used other hotels in that area, finding them noisy, uncomfortable and being treated more like a sheep in a herd than a guest we decided to try the Montague. I am so glad that we did! The Montague on the Gardens offers a very personal, individual service in a wonderful environment. The staff are friendly and polite and ensure that all your requirements are met without being over intrustive (quite a skill, believe me!). The rooms are very comfortable and provide wonderful noise pollution protection against the 3am London traffic. The Montague on the Gardens is a small hotel in comparison to many but that is the secret! The service and facilities are second to none and nothing really is too much trouble. We found the food excellent, service in the same bracket and no need to wait for breakfast and you are not hurried or rushed. Fantastically placed for the West End and the University we had no disappointments, only that we did not find it earlier and would not have had to &quot;endure&quot; some of the other hotels around Russell Square. Talking to other guests, they were all returning guests or people who planned to return in the furure, we are now members of the latter. I intend to visit for pleasure later this year with my family and i have no doubt about where we shall stay - The Montague on the Gardens. It is a pleasure to stay at The Montague on the Gardens, more an experience than a simple hotel stay Try it, you wont be disappointed but book early to avoid disappointment. Our thanks and complements to the management and staff.P.S. The gardens are fantastic too!	
Mar 14 2009 	Nice but bugged us way way too much--can probably do better for the $$	So, first the nice things about this hotel--decor was fantastic (quintissential British), nice sitting area, good service, close to museums.Cons were--a little out-of-the-way for shows (should have stayed a little south in Covent Garden), got woken up a lot by hotel staff despite having do-not-disturb light switched on, ran out of hot water (though this is a British thing--they don't do plumbing very well over there), and the food at the restaurant wasn't the greatest (again, this is a British thing--if you want to eat well in the UK, go to an Indian restaurant!) Given the price, I'm pretty sure I could do better the next time--but if you're an early/non-jet-lagged riser who's into museums and has gobs of cash to burn, this might be the place for you.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great hotel with fantastic service	I stayed at this hotel while on a business trip and I would definitely return for personal breaks in London.My room was fairly small but everything else about the hotel more than made up for this. The staff were all extremely efficient and helpful, especially the doorman who was always more than happy to run up to Russell Square to hail a cab for us.The room was spotlessly clean and seemed to be cleaned twice a day - once during the day and then during the evening turn down service.Nice little touches such as vouchers for free drinks in the bar, a bowl of fruit in my room on the first evening and a small box of fudge on my pillow the following evenings. My room was at the front of the hotel so overlooked the road but, other than a 6am delivery of beer one morning, I hardly heard a sound from outside.This is the best hotel that I've stayed in London - thanks to all the staff at the Montague !	
Mar 8 2009 	What a great place to stay	It was my wife's birthday present. A weekend in London to see the ballet. But this little gem stole the show. Tucked away on a little used side street, just five minutes and a five pound taxi ride from Kings Cross Train station, sits the &quot;Montegue&quot;. When they heard it was a birthday present, we got an upgraded room and full english breakfast thrown in. The only thing better then the hotel, was the staff. From the Front Door to reception to bar to waiters to maid staff, we were made to feel right at home and very welcome. Always a smile and a helping hand.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic Service in an Old English Style Hotel in Central London	We stayed here for my 30th Birthday weekend and it was the perfect hotel to spend it in! On arrival, check-in was very quick and we were taken up to one of the double bedrooms on the second floor. As part of our package we had a chilled bottle of champagne waiting as well as a Birthday Card and Happy Birthday sign in chocolate from the hotel! The room was spotless and it felt the hotel had thought of everything you might need such as free bottles of water, a blue light in the bathroom during the night so you don't have to turn on the main light if you get up in the middle of the night, iron, hairdryer a couple nice comfy seats, etc. The kingsize bed was very comfortable and the room was very quiet both nights.The breakfasts each morning were great with a choice of hot and cold foods. The cooked breakfast buffet was excellent with freshly cooked, high quality meats and eggs etc. Throughout our entire stay the staff were always great but the breakfast area could feel a bit busy at times with the number of staff walking around all at once. I suppose they need this to turn round the tables after a table is finished so everyone can have breakfast.The location is very good (and very quiet!) next to the British Museum but not on a main road. Holborn and Russell Square underground stations are both within an easy 5 minutes walking distance. One night we walked to Charlotte Street had an excellent Chinese meal at Dim T and then went into Soho for a couple drinks. Both were in an easy 10 minutes walk of the hotel.If I were to stay in a central London hotel again I would definately stay here and recommend it to all my friends.	
Feb 28 2009 	Such a refreshing change!	Stayed for 2 nights to visit British Museum just round the corner. I looked at several Blomsbury hotels and picked this one from its good reviews. Thank you fellow reviewers! Our room was nicely decorated and very comfortable. The staff were brilliant. Very friendly and helpful service throughout our stay. For a London hotel this made a real change and we will definitely go back to the Montague next time.	
Feb 23 2009 	Glad all over	We looked at dozens of hotels before settling on the Montague. What a find!Good location. Lovely decor. Scrupulously clean throughout. Great breakfast. Good value.Yes, we are glad we found it. What stands out the most though (and I've stayed in a lot of hotels) is the staff: friendly, efficient, helpful, attentive - I could find more adjectives but you get the picture. When we returned from the theatre on our first night, there was even a message from housekeeping on the room phone checking that we were happy with everything and wishing us a good night.Negatives? Sure the room was small but we had everything we needed and let's face it. Who goes to London to sit in their bedroom.So save yourself hours of dredging through hotel websites. I for one will definitely return.Well done to all!	
Feb 23 2009 	Wonderful location 	We stay at the Montague 3 to 4 times a year when we travel to London, usually to take in a West End show. The staff always welcome us as old friends and nothing is too much trouble - a rare commodity. The bar snacks are always something to look forward and the presentation is excellent. Yes, the rooms can be a bit small but the hotel is constructed from town houses. Plus if you pay a little extra for a Bloomsbury room, these are always bigger. The luxury ones also have a separate sitting room too. So it is possible to have more space. The bar, conservatory and lounges are all well appointed and there are always plenty of staff around to take any drinks or food orders. The hotel is within easy walking distance of most of the West End theatres so taxis or tubes are not necessary. The concierge is very knowledgeable and has been there for many years. he will make any arrangements needed for guests.A jewel of tranquility in a city of madness. We will be back there in a few weeks time!	
Feb 21 2009	Wonderful service. Great location	Nothing was to much trouble for the staff. Spent two nights at this marvelous hotel. Travelled down for a 21st and a function. My daughter did not have time to go to the hairdressers before leaving Edinburgh. We spoke to a member of the concierge team on the saturday morning and he arranged an immediate appointment, which was only a 5min walk from the hotel. MY daughter was delighted with the result. Breakfast was included in our package and my daughter, who can be a fussy eater, really enjoyed it. Would definately go back.	
Feb 21 2009 	really a hidden gem	Well located hotel with very friendly , welcoming and helpful staff. Rooms are comfortable-a real haven in London. However it is the attitude of the staff that makes this such an attractive hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent location	Although the room was small - the 4 poster bed just about filled it! - we were only staying 2 nights so it was fine. The street was quiet but just around the corner from the British Museum so a handy stop for the open top buses.Easy walking distance to the theatres and Covent Garden, we walked all the way tio the river and the London Eye and the next day to the Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe theatre.The room was very clean, the staff most helpful and courteous. It was Valentine's day so we came back from a day out to find towels twisted into heart shapes on the bed, rose petals scattered on the bed, also in the partly filled bath which had floating candles in too. There were heart shaped red soaps and heart shaped sweeties on the bed along with a room service menu! Very romantic.A complimentary cream tea was included which was delicious.	
Feb 18 2009 	Quality	Stayed for 4 nights on a business trip. Location is perfect.Attentive staff.Breakfast very rich.Dinner was good too. Both the bar as well as a group business dinner in the Blue Door restaurantOne downside: Size of single rooms ( I had 2) far too small	
Feb 11 2009 	Impeccable service at the Montague	I work in London several times a year. Based on my budget I looked on this website for an alternative to my usual hotel which has become unpredicable. I picked the Montague on the Gardens based on glowing reviews.During the check-in process my credit card didn't work. What could have been a very embarassing situation was handled with politeness and sensitivity. This suberb attitude was common to all staff at all times during my stay. It is also a delightful, stylish and well decorated hoteI with excellent rooms for the price. I can think of no hotel in any price bracket offering higher levels of customer service and hospitality. I will never stay anywhere else.	
Feb 8 2009 	OK but not worth the price	I stayed at Montague on the Gardens just before travelling to Vienna over Christmas. I paid over £120 for a night, but thought it would be worth the price. Yes - the general ambience was good and the staff friendly. But I had three problems.1. the room I had was one of the tiniest rooms I had ever stayed in. Because I was on my own it was only a single room, but even so, it was an L shaped room that went around the bathroom - with one bit of the L being where the bed was - and the width of that bit was only enough to fit what was quite a narrow single bed in it. I had my suitcase on the floor - and there wasn't really enough room for anything else.2. yes - the service was good, and I remember the food being good. But it was the sort of service where they religiously come up and pour your wine out for you, possibly at a pace quicker than you want - then try to encourage you to have another bottle; then continually asking me to have more things that I wanted. It just felt like the policy for the waiting staff was to do their level best to get customers to have more and more things in order to increase the bill.3. breakfast was the complete opposite. The &quot;friendly&quot; staff trying to get me to have more things from the night before weren't there and those that were there didn't seem remotely interested in asking guests what they wanted for breakfast. Because they didn't seem bothered and I didn't want to hang around - I didn't bother with a cooked breakfast and just had some cereal and fruit - for which I was charged something like £14	
Feb 7 2009 	It's the little things	On a business trip, I stayed at the Montague for 4 nights. This was my first stay at the Montague - I hadn't even known of it before this trip. The taxi from LHR cost over $100 USD - if it hadn't been so late in the evening, I would have taken a £4 tube ride. Upon arrival at the hotel, I was surprised to learn that it was a small property. I was expecting a large hotel. When I checked in, I was told I had been upgraded to one of their newly remodeled rooms. The room was wonderful. Small, as are most rooms in Europe, but just perfect. The highlights of my stay were the bathroom shower and the very attentive housekeeping staff. The bath had a rain shower that was built into the ceiling (not just a simple showerhead). It was WONDERFUL. Housekeeping called to check on my comfort daily. My business meetings took place at the hotel and as such, lunches were provided by the hotel. The food left a bit to be desired - mostly fried and brown, not many vegetables. But the hotel is located close to many restaurants. On my way back to Heathrow, I took the tube. It is conveniently located ~3 blocks from the hotel. On the downside, a colleague was given a smoking room with no option to change until the second night. She was quite unhappy that first night.I highly recommend this place. Ask for a remodeled, non-smoking room.	
Feb 4 2009	Excellent Service Small-ish Rooms	I concur with other reviewers that it is the superb service that really makes the Montague on the Gardens stand out. You can tell that the management has trained its staff well, and beyond a single incident where we were left waiting for 15 minutes without service in the lounge, I was consistently impressed with the overall courtesy, dedication, efficiency and forethought of the staff. The concierge in particular, was always helpful and consistently made efforts that went beyond my expectations of a London 4-star. He went the extra mile to help us with finding restaurants and booking reservations and he was also extremely conscientious in checking flight status on the day of departure. It was a mark of the concierge's care that he inquired to us about checking for flights (not us asking him) because he was aware of delays at the airport that day due to the weather. Other little touches such as wait-staff promptly refilling drinks during breakfast, despite it being a buffet, was a nice touch. You definitely get the feeling at the Montague that you can rely on the staff to not only help you through any issues, but to treat you with very high levels of courtesy and respect. Even the reservations staff who I was in contact with prior to arriving were always extremely courteous during e-mail exchanges. I very much got the impression that I could ask anything and they would answer it quickly and fully. A far cry from some properties where you can wait over 24 hours for a response and then they'll only answer half the question. That said, while the service definitely stands out, other aspects of the hotel, while above average, were certainly not as noteworthy. We stayed in their top-end Bloomsbury Deluxe King Room, which was very tastefully decorated and well kept, though still decidedly small-ish considering the price we were paying (GBP200/night). The room was advertised as having a sitting area, but this just consisted of two small chairs at the edge of the bed, a small desk and a chaise-longue cramped into the corner. I can't imagine what the standard rooms are like, if this was how big their deluxe rooms are! Certainly, I know of several other hotels in central London at the same star-level which offer much larger rooms with proper sitting areas for the same price. I will say though, that the bathroom was a good size (but not the sink) and the shower and bath had amazing water pressure. I think the bathtub filled up in less than 2 minutes! The toiletries too were of high quality (Gilchrist and Soames) and the towels and bathrobes provided nice and fluffy.The breakfast too, was less than mindblowing. Admittedly, the hotel is small with only 85 rooms, but I have been to other small European hotels where there was far more selection at the buffet. Beyond the English Breakfast stalwarts such as sausages, bacon, eggs, baked beans, mushrooms and tomatos, there was only a very limited continental breakfast selection including one type of cheese, three meats, some fruit, small selection of pastries and yogurt with cereal.As for the aesthetic, the hotel definitely exemplifies 'English Charm' though for the most part not in an over the top sort cliche way. The lounge could probably use some sprucing up, but the room for the most part was very pleasing aesthetically. If you're into a classic 'townhouse' hotel experience, this is the place to be.As for location, i specifically chose the Montague for being in Bloomsbury. Having gone to university in the area, I was familiar with the neighbourhood and prefer the quiet of Bloomsbury to the hurly burly of Soho, Piccadilly or other more central tourist haunts. While not smack dab in the West End, you are within a short walk so in my mind get the benefit of an out of the way retreat with the access to all the attractions.Some other key miscellaneous notes:-Despite being in the name of the hotel, there are no gardens to which you can stroll through, and unless you get a back-facing room, you will likely see little of them.-We were put in a ground level room facing the street. While the double-glazed windows, and the general atmosphere of Montague street meant there was not much noise, I know some travellers out there who would have a problem with a ground level room right on the street.-the shortbread biscuits served with tea in the lounge are amazing-the TV in the bedroom was a little small	
Jan 31 2009 	Loved the Montagu	A weekend in London primarily to see a show but also to relax. The welcome at the hotel was excellent and the Concierge team immediately took charge of our car which we had left momentarily on a meter whilst we unloaded. Reception was friendly and polite, our room was very good (out of Africa) our relatives' room boasted a four poster. An excellent hotel within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Theatreland and Oxford Street, just across the road is the British Museum. There was a variety of food at breakfast either the traditional English or a good and varied selection of cold meats, cheese and pastries. All the serving staff (including those in the bar) were extremely friendly and efficient.We're looking forward to our next trip	
Jan 29 2009 	Staff Were The Best Advert	Our stay at this Hotel was one of delight.The ambience of the place, the wonderful rooms, the personability of the place were only exceeded by the staff. From Concierge through to reception and beyond, the staff really were worth the money alone. This place is a must for those &quot; Special Nights &quot; in London.They made my 60th birthday &quot; The icing on the cake &quot;.......Thank you &quot;Montague on the Gardens&quot;.Mr &amp; Mrs. B A Mahoney .Thorpe Bay. Essex	
Jan 19 2009 	What a GREAT WEEKEND	I booked this hotel to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday along with 2 other couples. We booked a weekend 2 night package which included breakfast and either a free bottle of champagne two tickets for the London eye or a free two course dinner. We chose the two course dinner. Total cost 311 poundsThe hotel was wonderful and the staff were great. The food was faultless and the location was great. The room was luxurious and clean.I would recommend this hotel and we would stop there again if we needed to go to London again.There was only one negative point. We stayed a double Bloomsbury room no 215. The rooms on this floor are VERY SMALL. Thankfully I am thin as is my wife. If you are of large build forget it. Also if you have more than two cases forget trying to store them in the room. The rooms are very good and the service excellent.Thanks for a great stay Montague. Its a shame other hotels don't do it like this	
Jan 17 2009 	Best London hotel by far...	This hotel had absolutely nothing to be dissatisfied about, and i am fussy! From the moment i arrived to the moment i left the service was personal and efficient.Try the afternoon tea it was a treat, beautifully presented too!The bell boy in reception was exeptional, I returned after a day shopping to be greeted by name, he even knew my bags without the id ticket. I would definitely recommend this hotel for service and presentation, and attention to detail.See you again soon i hope!	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	everything was FANTASTIC!! the interiors of the hotel, the service, the concierge, the wonderful room (bloomsbury king room), the food, the barWe come again in this hotel better than the rubens hotel, although this last hotel was wonderful too but the montague is more cosy thank you very much	
Dec 30 2008	worst Afternoon Tea in the World!	As an enthusiastic taker of Afternoon Tea in hotels all over London, I was amazed at the stunningly awful experience at The Montague on the Gardens.After some rather Fawlty Towers like conversations with staff, we were shown into a pretty little conservatory, in spite of our wish to eat in the hotel lounge.The sandwiches were rather dry and ordinary, on bread that was too thick, but passable.The scones were good with plenty of clotted cream.The cakes were the most unbelievably awful things that we had ever tasted! Solid tasless muffin like creations. One with pink butter, and two with orange cream cheese piped on the top.Awful!On the plus side, they did, after some complaining, requiring consultation with the complete heirachy of the hotel, halve our bill.Never to be repeated!	
Dec 30 2008 	A Wonderful Time at the Montague	The hotel lived up to expectations and beyond. The reception, lounge, bar and rooms were just as seen on the website. From the moment we arrived we were well looked after. The reception staff were extremely professional and friendly.The concierge staff was excellent and helped with our tourist plans. The breakfast was very good ,service excellent and again everyone was so friendly and kind. We had one evening meal in the dining room which we enjoyed.Our room was bright,spotlessly clean, and had everything a good hotel room should provide although I did not expect the gown and slippers that were there.For me the best recommendation for any hotel is 'would you stay there again?' and I would love to have another holiday at the Montague. For me it provided everything I needed and it was very central to the tourist places in London.Well done The Montague	
Dec 22 2008 	Christmas special	Wonderful in winter - the hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas. It was always a treat to turn the corner when heading back to the hotel as the outside lights were so welcoming. It was the same inside. Our room was small but it was very comfortable. Definitely recomend it.	
Dec 18 2008 	Nice Cosy Friendly Hotel in the Center of London (UK)	A very nice cosy friendly and efficient English hotel in the center of London (next to the British Museum) and for me who was on business not a big hotel I usually come accross where you are only a number despite the fact you may pay premium amount to stay in a shoe box room. Room size ok but not that big but for London that's normal, nice breakfast and medium sized hotel very well located in the center of London for both business (not far from the City of London) or leasure (next to the British Museum, Covent Garden, Soho, Oxford Circus).	
Dec 13 2008 	Absolute gem	A fantastic hotel and a great location being only 2 tube stops away from Covent Garden. The hotel is warm and friendly staff were amazing very friendly but not to over the top. As stated on previous reviews the rooms are a little on the small side but they are to a lovely standard. We would have no hesitation on recommending this hotel.	
Dec 1 2008 	Clean great staff	The hotel is clean and the staff is helpful and always smiling.	
Nov 22 2008 	Peaceful nest in center London	Convinient location if you arrive from St Pancras as it is just one Metro station and just a few meters from The British Museum.The Montague is a peaceful nest with a friendly and efficient staff.Very calm (all the more if room is on garden), and so British. Our room was ready on arrival and if you fill the requirment sheets before arrival, your wished will be fulfilled. The sherry on the cake: the typical English breakfast.	
Nov 22 2008	Loved this hotel	My friend and I booked this hotel for a short theatre break stay for her birthday. The hotel was central for the theatre district and tube stations to access all of London, i think we chose well.The hotel was comfortable and clean and the staff were at all times helpful and curteous.I would recommend this hotel to anyone of my family and friends and those who want a good quality break in London, infact I don't think I would go any where else for a similar break in future. I would like to thank the manager and staff for an excellent stay.	
Nov 20 2008 	I'll never stay anywhere else in London!	This is quite simply the best city hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff were excellent and managed to maintain the 'personal touch'. I stayed with a friend and my 13 year old daughter and we enjoyed everything about our stay. THANK YOU! We will be back...	
Nov 4 2008 	i do SO LOVE this hotel	This was our second time staying here and it was FABULOUS. We came with our 2 children for a weekend theater trip. We booked the 'Kids stay in the next room 1/2 price&quot; special which was awesome. We had 2 lovely (small but beautiful) rooms. The hotel is on a lovely and quiet street. The staff is so professional and helpful. Breakfast (though pricey) is very tasty. The OJ is the best per my children. Breakfast time does get very busy but the staff try their best to make you comfortable. The beds are SOOO comfy. I always feel like the Queen. love the Montague and will stay here every time.	
Nov 3 2008 	English maximalist luxury	We stayed three nights at the Montague and it was a lovely experience. We picked the hotel on background of all the good reviews we had read on tripadvisor. Also the hotel is situated in a lovely part of London, within walking distance of many sights. The hotel is decorated in a fantastic, English, maximalist way with lots of carptes, colours and patterns everywhere. It is really cosy with a luxurious twist. The staff was exceedingly friendly all over. We had the English breakfast option and it was superb. In the evening we had cocktails and cupcakes in the bar! The only drawback was that the room was a bit on the small side. We were two people in the room and it was almost impossible not to bump into each other if we both were on the floor at the same time (and not one in the bathroom or on the bed). Still, I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Nov 2 2008 	Anniversary at the Montague	We recently spent 5 days at The Montague on the Gardens for our 25th wedding anniversary. The staff was friendly and accommodating throughout our stay answering all of our questions concerning use of the subway and visiting many tourist attractions. Their knowledge of the area and suggestions were very helpful. Our room was clean and well attended throughout our visit. The amenities were bountiful including a nice size room and bathroom. The hotel is close to several subway stops, restaurants as well as the British Museum. The restaurant in the hotel was also wonderful. The meal and service we had at the Blue Door Bistro was the best of our trip!	
Nov 2 2008 	Friendly Hotel	First stay at this Hotel, since my regular alternatives were not available.A good location, near to Tubes and Buses, but on a quieter street off Russell Square. Its website gave a true reflection of what to expect.The staff were all excellent. The standard room overlooked the gardens, and despite not having double glazing, was quiet. A plate of fruit in the room was a nice touch.I was offered an upgrade, but for an extra fee. If I was going to stay longer, I would recommend the newly refurbished Bloomsbury Rooms (but then the rates start looking a little expensive when compared to other hotels).I had arranged to meet friends in the hotel's lounge - they arrived before me, and were looked after well - we were all entertained by a table that shed a leg at regular intervals! Overall - a very good experience - hope the management keep the refurb programme running for the rest of the rooms.	
Oct 31 2008 	The Best	My wife and I spent three days (two nights) at the Montague and we can both definitely say that it was the best hotel we have ever used and we have stayed at many hotels over the years. Everything was exceptional from the moment we arrived all the staff were very courteous and attentive to our needs. The room was of a very high standard with well above average facilities. Anyone wishing to ensure a memorable stay in London can stay at this hotel with every confidence.	
Oct 30 2008 	The Best Hotel In London	This is my favourite and friendliest hotel Ive stayed at, in London. I travel a lot with my job and when I visit London I always insist on this hotel. The staff are very friendly and cant do enough. The food is excellent, and as a woman travelling alone I feel completely safe in this hotel and will even sit on my own in the bar area with a book and a nice glass of complimentary wine which is a lovely touch.The rooms are clean and well serviced and the staff always check I have everything I need there are a lot of small touches which always make the stay more pleasant than other hotels like the fruit and the slippers. Its just simply a lovely place to stay after a long and busy day. i would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 26 2008 	It's all good at the Montague!!	The Montague is a very nice, well located, reasonably priced (for London) hotel with some of the finest staff and service I've ever experienced at any hotel, at any price. It's smaller, with very traditional British decorating. Staff is everywhere and ready to help at anytime. Any request is dealt with immediately. The only downside is that our rooms were small, which is typical from what I understand in Lodon. The concierge staff was outstanding, working with me a few months ahead of time to arrange everything we needed for our trip. I can't speak highly enough of this wonderful hotel.	
Oct 24 2008 	Love at first sight !!	Where to start? well a good place would be the charming young man who rushed out to our taxi to open the door and collect our bags, with a big smile and a welcome. he walked us to reception and introduced the two young ladies to us. check in was friendly and efficient . We were asked if we would like a little tour of the hotel lobby, bar, restaurant as we were new guests. This is a first, I don't think we have ever been shown around it was so helpful and the young chap was so friendly and informative. He then took us to our Bloomsbury room which was completely charming and full of character. After making sure we were settled he left us to explore the room. We enjoyed some food in the charming conservatory later which was very tasty. The service at this hotel is excellent, nothing is too much trouble for the well trained staff. Breakfast was tasty with plenty of choice, there is also flasks of coffee in the lounge area with takeout cups in case you wanted to take a drink out with you after breakfast. Scrambled eggs are the only eggs ready in the servery but any other type are cooked to order. This was about our only little complaint all weekend, my husband wanted a fried egg which was about 20 minutes, by which time I had finished my breakfast! I did mention this on the guest comment card amongst all my praise and have received a charming letter in reply from the manager which has taken this on board but hey, what a small thing when you consider all the plus points. Back in the room, comfy beds lovely smooth sheets of good quality and good lighting. Our room had a fabulous sort of wet room with an overhead rainfall that was so delicious I wanted to stay in it for hours! lovely toiletries too and plenty of them. We are great fans of the Red Carnation ethos of customer service, being regular guests at Hotel 41. We just fancied a different area this time as closer to where we needed to go. We were so enchanted by this hotel that it has joined the ranks of 41 as one of our London home from homes! book with confidence you will not be dissapointed. Ps. do try the delicious afternoon tea in the conservatory it is such a treat, and so yummy we just have to go back next month for some more.!	
Oct 23 2008 	Beautiful Hotel.	The Montague is a beautiful hotel and what made our stay so special were the staff team. They were so friendly and helpful and couldn't do enough to make our stay a great one. This is the second time I have been there and both times were most enjoyable. The Bloomsbury Rooms are furnished to a high standard and the beds are very comfortable. We struggled to get out of them to go and do something!I can highly reccommend that this hotel is used for business or pleasure-to go and see a show, do some shopping, etc. It's really close to Oxford Street but set back from the hustle and bustle near a beautiful green square. It feels very safe.	
Oct 14 2008 	highest praise!!!	Me and my wife had a weekend break at the Montague recently and we cannot praise it highly enough. Lovely location, lovely hotel and excellent staff. Hope to visit again next time we are in London.	
Oct 12 2008 	A Great Stay at the Montague	After a grueling 23 hour trip via air from St. Louis, Missouri to London with an unscheduled stop in Manchester, UK for more fuel because we had been circling so long over Heathrow, we arrived at the Montague at 1 in the afternoon instead of the 9 or 10 in the morning we had been anticipating. I knew our room would not be ready and it wasn’t so we entrusted our bags to the bellman and spent an enjoyable hour or so at the British Museum which really is just around the corner. We checked in and were told we got an upgrade from our deluxe Bloomsbury King. After a bit of delay (and a free cocktail from the hotel), we saw our room. It is called Earl and what it really is a two level suite on the first floor (This would be the second floor in the US as ground floor in the UK appears to be what is called the first floor in the US).Our room was seriously gorgeous - nicely decorated in an English sort of country manor style with a living room with a flat screen TV, a sofa and a desk. It had a large window overlooking the gardens. This was a large room that even had space for a coffee table and armchairs. You walk down about six steps and there is a bathroom with a tub/shower with one of those little half wall shower doors, lots of shampoo and soap and even a red carnation in a bud vase.The bedroom was very nice with another flat screen TV, a half canopy king bed and a closet. It was a good size with plenty of room to walk around. We could have used a bigger dresser but just used the closet instead. The view was over the back of the hotel towards the gardens so it was quiet and peaceful. They made sure I had the pillows I ordered from their pillow menu. The bed was very comfortable. We got canapés every evening which was a pleasant surprise.I chose the Montague because of its location, with two underground stations within a few blocks, and because I was staying for a week, I wanted a larger room and paid accordingly. What I also got was unfailingly cheerful service, greetings when we came into the hotel or left, and a very high standard of cleanliness in the hotel, especially the bathroom.I even got an email afterwards thanking me for staying and asking for feedback.As an aside, there is a very nice pub close by, the Museum Tavern, which we visited on several occasions and a launderette within walking distance where we washed a weeks’ worth of clothes for under 10 GBP and I could check my email at an internet café nearby.There are many nice eating establishments near the Montague. I did not have breakfast at the hotel so cannot comment on the food.Would I stay at this hotel again? Absolutely, the answer is a very enthusiastic YES!	
Oct 8 2008 	Theatre Weekend	Just enjoyed a long weekend staying here. We chose this hotel as it was in walking distance of the Shaftsbury theatre,but it was within easy reach for most theatres. The British Museum is literally just around the corner. The staff were very welcoming and helpful. We had booked (through laterooms) a standard double room but on arrival we were upgraded without requesting it. We had a huge four poster bed which was great but took up most of the floor space so our only criticism was the room felt very cramped. It was OK for a couple of nights but I would have wanted a larger room for a longer stay, The ensuite bathroom was good and had a rain shower over the bath, bathrobes and slippers were also available for our use during our stay, Our room over looked the road but it didn't seem at all noisy. Particularly liked the 'do not disturb 'switch which lit up a button outside the room!Breakfast was buffet style (apart from tea/coffee &amp; toast which they brought to your table) we liked this as you didn't have to wait to be served. Included in the price we'd booked a two course pretheatre dinner. This was excellent although the service seemed a little slow considering there was only one other couple dining in the restaurant! On the whole for cental London I'd say It's a good quality hotel for the money.	
Oct 7 2008 	Staying at the Montague	We spent 2 nights at the Montague on the Gardens. This was a return visit for my wife and myself and from the moment we arrived to the moment we left the service was first class. It was like visiting an old friend.The staff were attentive to detail, but not over efficient. Our bedroom was very good, overlooking the gardens at the rear of the hotel. Fantastic en suite with a great shower.Breakfast although it is of the &quot;buffet&quot; style was fresh, and had a good choice. The English breakfast was refreshed regularly so as not to be stale.My wife and I look forward to staying at the Montague again.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not worth it	When you walk in you think that everything the say on the website is true. Attention to detail and everything looks great BUT after that things are not that good.We paid 200 GBP for a very small room. I'm 190 cm tall and the bed was far from being long enough. The room was so small that you barely had space at the end of the bed to walk past the desk. No minibar in the room and not even water unless you asked specifically for it.In my view ... totally overpriced.	
Sep 30 2008	Ok but some problems	What do YOU expect from a 4 star hotel? Different traveling experiences is of course part of how you answer that. We are travelling a lot, and one of us is in the hotel business (managerI. We usually try new hotels every time, for the interest and experience sake of it. SO – is The Montague living up to their 4 star sign, and all the nice reviews here at Tripadvisor? The answer is, sadly to say, NO. We booked this hotel only because of the Tripadvisors reviews, and had high, but not at all overdemanding expectations. We arrived late, very late. The night staff at front desk where not directly unfriendly, but in some way trying to be someone he obviously not is. There is a big difference between actually being upper class, or behaving like you are. He was not listening to us, and couldn´t even be honest. We asked if there were a choice between rooms, to get the largest room in our booked category (Blomsbury king) but he said we already were given a really large room. NO, that was not the fact. We were given one of the absolutely smallest and darkest rooms in that category (room 130). And – as someone else noted here at Tripadvisor – why give a guided tour of the hotel in the middle of the night? You just want to go to bed.Several things happened during our stay that is not ok – we ordered duvets instead of blankets in the bed, but that was not fixed. We reminded about this next day, but still not fixed. First the third time we took it up at front desk did we have it changed. We had dinner at the restaurant (nice food) included (not wine) in a package, but was served the wrong wine. Still we tried it, and found it ok, so no demand to change it. But we later discovered that we were charged the ordered wine, but the wine we had was cheaper. A lot of these small things happened during stay, things that were not ok. Facts:Rooms – very small! Reading about this in earlier posts made us aware of this, but we still thought that a “Blomsbury king” room would be ok. It was infact, not. It was the smallest room we ever had – and we have t r a v e l l e d a lot. Nice decorated, nice bathroom (small), clean. But be very aware that there is very, very, very small rooms. It doesn´t make you feel that you want to stay in for an lazy Sunday afternoon. Deluxe in this hotel is not the same thing as Deluxe at other hotels.Breakfast – as someone else said here, it is what to expect for a 4 star hotel. Nothing more, nothing less. People here that says breakfast was gorgeous have no experience of 4-5 star hotels. Very nice staff, always smiling. (Except head waitress, who didn’t smile once during our stay).Internet/Wifi – here is something they have to take care of. Hotel after hotel in London is offering free internet, and that will, belive me, be standard in just one or two years from now. At The Montague they charge you 8 pounds for one hour (and you can´t even hop on and off), and 16 pounds for 24 hours. This is one of the main reasons we probably will not come back here.Front desk – as earlier said, night manager was…no. But the girls during daytime were friendly and nice, so were the concierge . The public areas – are just great. This makes up for some other things at the hotel. The lounge and conservatory, the bar and so on is great. Lovely style, friendly and luxury feeling. So sleep in your room, spend the rest of your time at the hotel in these areas instead. And – do not think that lastminute sights always are the best bargain here – have as us a look at the package “get more out of your stay”,on The Mongagues homepage first. In our case this was a better offer than all the SuperLateDealsOnRooms sights on the net.We are not really sure if we would stay here again –but with free internet and a larger room. Maybe.A good idea is - Ask to see the room before you check in. We do know they dp come in quite different sizes in this hotel.Finally and otherwise – we give you a recommendation for something completely different, not to compare with The Montague in size and public areas, but a great place to stay at, if the room and the (best ever continental) breakfast is the most important thing – Searcys roof garden bedrooms. (30pavilionroad) More value for money than The Montague, we say. If you can live without the public areas.	
Sep 26 2008 	Quaint Little British Spot	If you want to stay in the Times Square of London and deal with masses and masses of corny tourists and get lots of &quot;good deals&quot; on crappy plays that you would be better off seeing in NY....do NOT come here :)Soooo cute! Great location. The neighborhood was quiet and not crowded at all. Reminded me of the West Village, where I live in Manhattan. Perfect. There were plenty of cute cafe's in the neighborhood where we could get coffee and a bite before heading out for the day.The hotel bar is beautiful, and drinks are pricey but well worth the money. The room service, on the other hand, was not. I ordered Ice Cream on two separate occasions, and the first time, it was freakin' excellent. The second time, they got all gourmet on me and put it on mini cones which made it impossible to eat. (It was two in the morning, I just wanted a bowl of chocolate ice cream before I passed out.) So be careful with that if you're out in SoHo til late...The concierge and the staff was extremely helpful. YOU CAN SET UP A CELL THROUGH THE HOTEL! Less of a hassle than getting one on the street or messing up your personal sim card. The concierge also helped me with tube directions.If I ever come back to London I will for sure come back to the montague on the gardens.	
Sep 25 2008 	loved this hidden gem	My Husband &amp; I stayed here overnight in August as we wanted to do some sightseeing in London, everything about this Hotel is special, the moment you walk through the door it's a treat for all your senses, the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, the lobby area is just fantastic, as is the bar where we indulged in some wonderful cocktails,our room had a lovely big comfortable bed, with soft squidgy pillows, we had a beautiful view over the gardens and did not hear any traffic all night (unheard of in London!) I had the best sleep I've ever had in a Hotel. Breakfast was relaxed and unhurried and the food was very nice.We both thoroughly recommend The Montague On The Garden and we were very sorry to leave.	
Sep 22 2008 	Fabulous at the Montague	I booked this hotel for my boyfriends birthday and I have to say we had a fab experience. I booked a king, the room was beautiful and the bathroom was really cool with the aromatherapy type lights and rain shower.The staff were brilliant from the time we checked into the time we checked out, we did have a slight hitch with the bill when we checked out but it was alll sorted straight away without a problem.The champers came as booked and the fruit extras were a beautiful touch along with a birthday card from the hotel. Boyfriend loved it all and so did I.Will definetly come back again when we go back to london. Its a great hotel central location and its staff are a real asset.	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent holiday at the Montague on the gardens	We spent our holiday in August 2008 at the Montague on the gardens. We enjoyed it very much. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We were impressed by the concierge. He was not only very helpful but he knew everything.When we go back to London, we shall not hesitate to book our vacation back at this very nice hotel.	
Sep 14 2008 	The Best I've Had in Bloomsbury	Everything about this hotel--except for the small room size, but that's London--pleased me. Aesthetically, it can't be beat: all public spaces and my single room were decorated with immense attention to detail and good taste. The bathroom was beautiful, with a shower that was a first for me: water fell like rain straight down from colander-like holes in the ceiling. Best of all were the concierges, the reception staff, and even the staff in the bar, who went out of their way to sort out problems I had with my long-distance phone service and with rendezvousing with friends. I paid more than I ever have before for a room in London (and not just because of the lousy exchange rate), but felt my money was well spent. All praise to the Montague!	
Sep 14 2008 	Good Choice	I got this place from Trip Advisor when I was looking fairly urgently for a hotel room. I was attracted by the fact that the hotel was not corporate, and this turned out to be accurate.The staff were uniformly delightful and took lots of trouble. My room didn't have a room service menu and one was bought to me within 3 minutes. It did have a robe, slippers and a great overhead shower. Having booked a Blenheim (i.e.superior) room I was informed on arrival that I had been upgraded to a junior suite - this sort of information never goes down badly. My little living room had a bookshelf and the bookshelf had books in it - and books that I might actually have wanted to read. The view was lousy (the bins) and the room was hot, but the air conditioning sorted that out pronto and the window opened. The bed was comfortable and there were bananas there for me as I had told the internet form that they were my favourite fruit. Decoration in my particular room was quiet and muted (the photos on the website show that this is not necessarily the case in other rooms). The room felt like home. I didn't much like having to pay for internet access - London hotels should have cottoned on to the fact that this should be free by now. I ate in my room one night and had the fish and chips. I expected to be overcharged and I was. The food did, however, come quickly and was perfectly eatable without being something I would rush to have again. The wine was good. Water and biscuits were free and came on demand. The price was very good for this standard of hotel in London and the hotel offers something more than a standard experience - the staff's helpfulness and cheerfulness adds real value. I would happily go back.	
Sep 13 2008	Room way too small...	I was suprised to find such great reviews about this hotel. I stay in London every week for my work, and this hotel is part of my company travel policy so i was happy to give it a try. The room 106 i was given is VERY small. My suitcase - a simple airline-size suitcase - had to be on the floor in the small entrance, and you almost had to move it to open the door (i always keep my suitcase outside when i travel for work as this is more convenient) . Also, I assume some people like the English- full-flowers-6 ou 7 different fabric patterns decor, but I don't.i find it so heavy. I don't know is this style is to be described as English (sorry i don't much about the matter) , I assume it is, but there were probably 7 shades of red heavy fabrics in the room which was already so small so it fell even more cramped inside. I find it very distateful then again, i'm not a big advocate of that sort of things so that's why I put a neutral note to my review. Bft was nice, nothing great to write home about, just regular hash brown eggs mushrooms cold cut etc. sort of things; Just regular bft in any 4 star hotel.Staff was very nice. taxi was smooth and efficient, reception desk great, bft staff also. Overal, a very neutral ranking for me as the room was way too small. I wonder how can two people can stay together with two suitcases ! if i were to rank the room only i would give it (at least for the room i got) the lowest rank. Not that they don't put any efforts - you can see with the bottle of water etc that they try to make it nice but the décor is just not my taste for once, and too small as well. It will most certainly please some other guests as i can see and understand from the reviews, but not for the &quot;I'm on business et i want a full space room where i can unwind and relax after a hard day at work&quot;.. maybe next time i'll give it a go and ask for a biger room upon check in ....	
Sep 11 2008 	Great gem of a hotel	The Montague is a small boutique hotel on the street adjacent to the British Museum. Lots of small and delicious restaurants within a few block walk and about 25 minute walk to Buckingham Palace area. The room was small but very comfortable with a nice bathroom. The customer service was outstanding from the check in to the concierge. it was our anniversary and the first night they left a lovely selection of chocolates for us to sample. The price was very competitive with other boutique hotels and I would definately stay there again on a repeat visit to London. Overall a good value. I contacted the hotel directly and received a better price than I could find online.	
Sep 10 2008	montague on the gardens	celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary with a weekend at the Montague on the gardens. amazing hotel, nothing is too much trouble, staff super. A bottle of champagne plus a celebration plate of fruit and chocolates, beautifully done was sent to our room, a lovely touch! Hotel is very central and easily walkable to oxford street/covent garden etc. The hotel has a wonderful relaxing atmosphere with tasteful decor. Cant wait to go back!	
Aug 5 2008 	Lovely Montague	We stayed at the Montague for 5 wonderful nights and are very happy with our decision/ luck. It was a really nice little hotel, quiet and cozy and just around the corner from the British Museum. We had 2 nicely decorated Bloomsbury rooms facing the rear garden. When booking, a call to the hotel to ask questions resulted in breakfast included for less than the on line quote. The rooms were good sized (for London) and clean; the only downside was that one clearly used to be a smoking room and still had a faint whiff of smoke. The other was perfect. Service was tops; Alan the concierge spent lots of time giving us tips on restaurants, museums and other sights. Jorge worked hard to send a package home for us. Breakfast was great and abundant. The dining room and front desk staff were also very accommodating.The location was ideal; quiet but close to museum, subway, and some great restaurants (try Tas (Turkish) on Tottenham Court Road). Don't miss the Treasures at the British Library (20 minute walk). We'd stay here again for sure.	
Aug 2 2008 	Fanastic experience	We had the pleasure of staying at the Montague on the Gardens in July this year as a treat for our daughters birthday. The hotel staff excelled themselves with a surprise gift (or 3) for our daughter and we were made most welcome. The room was very clean and spacious with a lovely view. The staff were very friendly and attentive and the whole experience was fantastic. The location was perfect and we were amazed how quiet it was. We shall be returning as soon as possible.	
Aug 2 2008 	A really good stay	We had two nights at the Montague and really enjoyed this hotel. The staff were great, very attentive, polite and helpful. The room was excellent - a quiet room away from street noise is what I requested and it is exactly what we got. The breakfast was fine and the breakfast staff very efficient. Given that this is central London during the summer holiday peak the price we paid was very good. No hesitation in recommending the Montague - a credit to it's staff and management.	
Aug 1 2008 	Gorgeous! I wanted to stay longer	Everything good everyone says about the Montague is true. And I also, am no pushover. This is really one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in. I had a gorgeous little ground floor room with a beautiful leafy outlook onto the private garden out the back of the hotel. It felt like I was staying in a rich old aunt's lovely london pied a terre.The Englishness of it is simply fabulous, cosy, relaxing, enchanting.I had to leave early in the morning and they were all so concerned with making sure I made it out to Gatwick, bringing tea to my room because breakfast wasn't yet on, and organising a car and wakeup for me.The location is simply stunning and the food in the restaurant is wonderful.Oh, and they organised early check in for me, and shouted me an espresso while I waited (for a short time).I will definitely go back to the Montague on the Gardens.	
Jul 28 2008 	Fabulous	We have travelled many times to London and stayed in numerous hotels and have never felt the need to write a review but we must tell you about the Montague on the Gardens. From the opening of the taxi door to the final goodbye the Montague on the Gardens out-stripped them all. The service was superb from the door staff, receptionists, bar staff, waiters and conceirge. Nothing was to much trouble. The room was small but very well equiped and the cleanliness was superb. Whenever we go to London from now on we will stay there.	
Jul 21 2008 	treated like royalty	We were so spoiled! This trip, from the minute we arrived and were so hungry after traveling all day, they whisked us in for dinner out on the lovely patio and made sure our every need was met. The food was delish! Gazpacho with a frozed avocado added in and a fun iced tea (we have had such a tough time getting Iced Tea in England of all places!) In fact, I think last time we were at The Montague we asked about it and now they have it on the menu! How's that for listening to a guest's request? And those individual little salts were a perfect touch. I can't say enuf about the concierge service each time we stay. He booked theater tickets for us for &quot;Wicked&quot; at the very last minute and they were prime seats! This time we asked for &quot;Billy Elliot&quot; the very day of the performance and again got the best seats in the house! Before the theater we needed to eat quickly and they rushed our order and everyone got us out on time- it was a team effort! So cute! Covent Garden is just a short walk- that made me happy. One day I wanted to find &quot;Liberty&quot; and when I got back I swear everyone was excited I found something because they noticed I had a coveted Liberty bag! We had a little room snag and they very politely upgraded us to a larger room with a great view. They called taxis for us and we requested a car greet us at the airport and bring us to the Hotel, then deliver us to the airport the day we left. Everyone was so polite, prompt and personable. It was a joy.This is our third stay and we will make this our Hotel each time we visit London. Nice quiet location away from the hub-bub.	
Jul 17 2008 	Wish I had stayed longer	I chose this hotel for the opportunity to get to know Bloomsbury, and was very pleased with the both the hotel and the location. Our standard room was upgraded on arrival, which was of course a nice surprise. If I have any hesitation about the hotel, however, it would be that even the upgraded room, including the bathroom, was quite tiny and the decor a bit on the sombre side. Having said that, it was very comfortable and the hotel is exactly as quintessentially English as it looks on its web site. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful. We especially appreciated all the trouble taken by the concierge in trying to assure that we were checked in on our Ryanair flight despite problems with the web site access. The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, and makes you feel you could stay on and on. It was very much worth the visit.	
Jul 15 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at this hotel for one night for my Partner's birthday. On arrival we were greeted by extremely friendly and helpful staff.We had booked a King Size deluxe room but were upgraded to a suite which was Fantastic!! As part of my partner's birthday treat we had booked an afternoon tea at the Ritz (dissapointing!). Upon returning to our suite at the Montague on The gardens we found that room had been 'turned down' and they had left a 'birthday surprise' of fruit and goodies for my partner. We had an excellent evening meal in the hotel restaurant.Overall the Hotel was brilliant. Service and staff were fantastic. Its all the small thoughtful touches that make the difference.Highly Recommended!	
Jul 10 2008 	Excellent	What a fantastic hotel. I was only there one night which was not enough. The staff are very polite and professional, the whole hotel is clean and well presented. The rooms are not huge but dont feel small and they seem to have thought of everything. I loved the hotel and the location is bob on for seeing London. It's easy walking distance from euston station and from the west end, covent garden and oxford street etc.etc. If your trying to decide on accomodation for London look no further you have found it.p.s. I am not easily pleased.	
Jun 22 2008 	best hotel ever	Just had to write this as I've just returned from the nicest hotel stay I've ever had.I've stayed in five star in Manchester e.t.c. but they lack the certain something that the Montague has.....All the staff were fantastically nice and helpful...We stayed in the Guv'nor suite( the best room in the hotel) and it was simply breathtaking and luxurious.....Everything was faultless and we had the most wonderful two night stay....Above and beyond....	
Jun 22 2008 	Tiny room but nicely appointed and spotless	It looks as if Kajin and KB56 and I all had the same room (or there are several exactly alike) - I was in room 312 facing the gardens. The room is tiny even by European standards (and I have stayed in another RCH property The Rubens as well as a dozen other London hotels), but it was nicely appointed down to details and was cleaned beautifully daily. The bedding was very comfortable. To put the size in perspective, I requested a yoga mat to exercise, and there was nowhere the mat could be placed. It was their standard double room.I had requested several personalized items ahead of time which were waiting for me in the room when I arrived. Every request I made was handled professionally and kindly and with speed. Not a surly soul in the bunch. I chose this hotel because I've enjoyed their other property The Rubens and this was a location I needed (A colleague stayed at Kingsway Hall Hotel nearby and found it very noisy and not as well-appointed). The Montague is in a more residential area across from the British museum, and very well located for walking and taking the tube (for me Holburn, regularly). The common rooms and back area are very nice, and very comfortable. I ordered room service one night and the food was delicious. I had the English breakfast in the restaurant a couple of mornings and was very nice. I also ordered the express breakfast a couple of mornings, room service, and appreciated the lower cost (note: available if you order on the hang card the night before).I stayed seven nights and thoroughly enjoyed my stay with their standard extra touches (bathrobe etc) and added extras and would highly recommend the hotel for these things and the location. If I were to stay for this length again, however, I would try and work out a Bloomsbury room.	
Jun 17 2008 	Excellent Customer Service	The Staff at the Montague are excellent, they are always so helpful and go out of their way to ensure that you enjoy your stay and everything runs smoothly. I stay here for both business and pleasure and would recommend for both. Rooms are always very clean and turn down service etc is excellent. The service and food in the restaurant are excellent.If anything could be improved upon it would be the bar prices (like all hotels).	
Jun 16 2008 	Delightful hotel	A lovely personal hotel. Excellent service. Restaurant food very good. A perfect hotel for any special occasion.	
Jun 10 2008 	Happy To Stay Again	My girlfriend and I stayed for a Friday and Saturday night at the end of May 2008. We actually changed to this hotel, as the original one we had in mind had a recent bad TA review, and The Montague’s, were all positive.We are glad we stayed here. It is one of those hotels, you often pass by, as the frontage is not grand, being set in an old Victorian town house. From the moment I booked the stay, the reservations were helpful and friendly. That said, I wonder if it was an error or selling tactic, when we were given a standard king room for 2 nights, and later when looking at the web site we found a package for two nights at exactly the same cost. This package gave us a Deluxe King Room, a choice of add-ons, we had the afternoon tea, and English Breakfast. I called, and the booking was changed without any problems.We arrived a little early for our room to be ready, and were told we would have a room overlooking the gardens. We wandered off and soon found Covent Garden, a favourite place to amble around, and in reasonable walking distance.On our return we were shown to our room, and it was at the front of the hotel. Very nicely appointed and decorated, but we had expected a garden room. I mentioned this to reception, not as a complaint, and they immediately sorted another newly refurbished room at the back of the hotel.The hotel was very quite here, and you could look into the adjoining lawns and see the wonderful sculptures situated there. This is a private area, and not part of the hotel.We found the hotel a good base for the areas we wanted to visit, and on another occasion we could make full use of the British Museum’s adjacent position.Afternoon tea, was okay, well presented and served, however it would have been an expensive treat outside of the package. Breakfast was good each day.The only complaint I would make was the meal we had on the Saturday evening. We had planned on going out to eat, but two long days had taken their toll, and we decided to eat in. We had to request a seat on the outside terrace, as this is reserved for the restaurant and we only wanted to eat from the Terrace menu, more snack things. A table was found for us, although the restaurant menu was offered to us once we had sat down. We had a few soft drinks, a burger and chips, salad and a couple of sweets, with coffee. The cost was high, but I guess that is a reflection of London hotel prices.All in all a delightful small hotel, where the staff are helpful and friendly and the general standards are high. I would recommend this venue for a short break and would stay there again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Excellent	My partner and I, enjoyed 3 nights at the Montague Hotel from the 24th may 2008. We thought this hotel was excellent! From the doorman to the barman all the staff are very well trained and extremely polite and welcoming, each member of staff said hello to you as you passed them.We stayed in a Bloomsbury Suite, the room was very well planned out, on 3 levels with lots of light and pleasant furnishings. Our room was cleaned each morning and then often cleaned in the evening with fresh towels!We had a full English breakfast each morning and were please this continued until 10.30am and we often sat until gone 11 without feeling rushed by the waiters. We had a fantastic evening meal in the ‘Blue Door Bistro’ our meals were great and the staff couldn’t have been better.After we had been out of an evening the hotel bar was a very comfortable place to sit and enjoy a night cap!All in all I would say our experience at the Montague was EXCELLENT and would happily recommend staying there, as we certainly will be doing again.William Laing Canterbury, Kent. UK	
May 30 2008 	a perfect hotel and a perfect break!	My wife and I have just got back from a two night stay at the montague on the gardens, it was our anniversary and we wanted it to be special, and it was! from the free upgrade, to the complimnetary canape's I cannot fault this superb hotel.We have stayed at the Lowry and Radisson Edwardian in Manchester and other 5* hotels all over the world, and I can honestly say that this was the best stay I have ever had away from home, the staff were so attentive, I know it has been repeated on here, but nothing was too much trouble for them, really! The restaurant is top rate, location could not be faulted, 5 mins by taxi from Euston. 5 mins walk from the tube.This truly is a hotel I would recommend to anyone.thank you for a very enjoyable stay, and I look forward to the next.	
May 27 2008 	Unparalleled Hospitality	During our first trip to London together we had the good fortune to stay at The Montague on the Gardens.It is perfectly located on a quiet street in an excellent neighborhood and near convenient tube stations. The hotel itself is beautifully appointed and well maintained. The cleanliness is impeccable and the breakfast complete and very much to our taste. What sets this hotel apart, however, is its hospitality which was unparalleled in warmth and attentiveness.In addition we noted that all our requests were handled promptly and competently.We were completely satisfied with this gem of a hotel which bespeaks exceptional management and will happily return to it when we next visit Londontown.	
May 21 2008	relaxing and enjoyable stay	we have stayed many times at the Montague and every time it was a wonderful experience. The concierge and reception staff gave us a warm welcome as always. We stayed in one of the Bloomsbury rooms which are lovely decorated. In the evening we had dinner in the Terrace bar, the staff, expecially Theresa, was very helpful and served us with a big smile. On our previous visit we helped our daughter move even though this was a stressful day, the hotel was a great place to relax and unwind. We will definitely stay at the Montague again on our next visit in London. The Jongeneel Family	
May 20 2008 	Plush Polished and Personable	Stayed at the Montague on the 15th April for a business meeting and theatre trip, was in the Black &amp; White King room and dined in the restaurant.Staff were courteous and respectful, nothing seemed like too much trouble for them. Room was newly decorated, very well designed bathroom and overall very spacious.Dinner was a very enjoyable experience, attentive staff (but not overly so) and the food was nicely seasoned.Definitely recommend this hotel to anyone for business or pleasure	
May 19 2008	A gem we want to keep to ourselves.	We were a party of 4 ladies,one of whom was celebrating a special birthday. On arrival it was apparent that the staff were a cut above the usual. Check in went very smoothly,and we found we had been upgraded to Bloomsbury rooms, we were given a tour of the hotel by George and then our luggage was taken to our rooms. After depositing the luggage George asked if there was anyhthng more we needed,a quick perusal of the room meant we could immediately see that there was no mirror close enough to an electric socket to use with a hairdrier!!! a major problem for us. George promised to sort it out. He was as good as his word. We returned from breakfast the following morning and hey presto a mirror was in situ!!We did think however that this particular room(227) had been designed by a man!! as it looked absolutely wonderful ,but was not particularly practical,with a wardrobe at the top of the stairs but no floor space there to unpack a case, meaning you had to run up and dwon stairs with every garment, a,tea tray which was nowhere near a socket,and no miiror above the dressing table. We could have redesigned it for them quite simply by rearranging the furniture, which would have made it far more female friendly. If the mamagement are reading this I hope they take note. However none of this detracted from the overall ambience of the hotel, as the staff, who are the jewel in their crown made sure of this.We had Sunday lunch on the terrace and it was a highlight of our stay. The food was wonderful,the staff attentive to our every need, even ensuring that when the air chilled a little the heaters were turned on. On departure however we did encounter a blip,our theatre tickets were billed incorrectly to the tune of £130! When the mistake was rectified and a figure was agreed upon we were part way through the check out process when the concierge said a further £3.95 was due,this was duly added to our bill which we thought was a little over zealous especially as our taxi had been waiting (with George going round and round the block in it to ensure our luggage was safe!)whilst the initial mistake was sorted out,and when we got into the cab there was £9 on the meter!! However, these things happen and we had still had a wonderful stay.To conclude we would reccommend the Montague to all our friends as a little jewel.  To put it into context, we are all well travelled and have stayed at Sharrow Bay( and would not return there) in the Lake district,the Witchery in Edinburgh amd many more exclusive hotels worldwide and we found the staff (especially George, who really did go out of his way to make sure we were happy) to be as good as any, and better than most we have encountered.	
May 12 2008	A lovely oasis of calm and splendour	Conveniently located right near the British Museum, this is a lovely oasis of calm and coolness, comfortable and friendly enough to contemplate a relaxing lunch in over the hustle and bustle of a hot day outside in The City. The room was excellently detailed, making me feel a bit like I probably should have ironed the crumpled (though clean) t-shirts I was wearing most of the time. A great hotel, excellent staff, highly recommended	
May 6 2008 	Relaxing oasis in the heart of London	I spent the May bank holiday in the Montague and from start to finsih my stay was very pleasant and relaxing.All the staff at the Montague are lovely. They are very freindly, courteous and attentive. It was a busy weekend in the hotel yet there was always a member of staff to help you out when you needed it.The room was beautifully decorated, spotless and very quite (despite the room being located by a road it is very well sound proofed!).The service in the restaurants was excellent and the food was very high quality and delicious.Overall, my expeince was excellent and i will definitely go back to the Montague.	
May 6 2008 	Peaceful Haven	An excellent base from which to see central London - next to the British Museum, a short walk to Covent Garden and an easy tube ride to Bond Street. Coming back to the cool calm of the hotel after a day out was a nice relaxing experience. Staff very attentive and friendly.	
May 5 2008 	One Night was NOT enough	My friend had arranged for us to go to a photoshoot. I suggested going up the night before and seeing a show.I did lots of research and thanks to Tripadvisor, decided the Montague was close enough to the theatre and looked for a deal. We booked via a theatre and hotel online booking service. Very successful and easy to book.When we arrived, unfortunately, the road was cordonned off due to forensics with police on duty at either end, so we had a bit of a trek to get to the hotel entrance, the exterior was beautifully kept, the staff were friendly and efficient and the lobby was stunning.Our bags were whisked away and we were offered a tour of the downstairs. We decided to have a pot of tea and a sandwich while my room was made ready, my friend's room was ready. The sandwiches, which took a little time to come, we assumed they were being made to order, were utterly delicious.When we had finished eating, we got my room key and a very nice young man accompanied us up to our rooms with our bags. My room was compact, but fine for a one night stay, each room had matching fabric on the bedspread and the walls, and without feeling completely overcrowded managed to fit in a dressingtable/desk/drawer units and a three door wardrobe unit.Our bathrooms, had a nice shelf on top of a false wall concealing the plumbing and wc cistern, this meant there was plenty of space for spreading out your own cosmetics. There was a compact bath with a shower over that cascaded from a brass plaque set into the ceiling. The water temperature stayed consistent and came out at a good pressure.When we unpacked, we went to the British Museum, it was brilliant, although the perspective under the atrium messed with our brains a bit! On our return we booked a table for the pre-theatre menu.We went up and got ready for our meal and night at the theatre. The hotel bistro was decorated in a colonial style with lots of dark wood, but it was not oppressive as the walls and woodwork were in shades of cream. My friend opted for the vegetarian starter, roasted vegetables, and main, mushroom and chickpea linguine - pronouncing them to be excellent, and I had the artichoke soup, which was delicious creamy yet light, and the sea bream on parsnip puree, which was perfectly cooked.We got directions from the staff to enable us to walk to the theatre, however, we were let down by the eccentric street signage, or lack of it at our end of Drury Lane. We were helped out by a brave young man riding a trishaw who got us to the theatre in nearly no time. We were going to see &quot;Gone with the Wind&quot;, have to say we thought the critics were extremely unkind and the show was brilliant.We walked back to the hotel, it really was that close, I was experiencing a stomach problem and the staff were so helpful arranging for a delivery of some medicine from an all night chemist, that will be the MOST expensive pack of that particular medicine I will EVER buy, but the concierge who helped me, stopped me the next day as I was checking out to make sure I was ok, how nice was that?My overall impression was that this hotel is run to a very high standard, the staff were without exception, a delight and I really would LOVE to go back for my birthday next February.	
May 5 2008 	peace 	four of us stayed here for a nice weekend away and what a place to stay situated on a quiet street this little gem sits and as a very welcoming feel once inside this lovely hotel you get the feeling of something special you are greeted by very friendly staff who once you have checked in will offer you a tour of the hotel on our arrival we just happen to mention that it was our wedding anniversary and the wifes sisters birthday sarah the receptionist congratulated on our milestones and we left it at that but later that day we received a plate of strawberrys and chocolates nicely decorated what a touch  the rooms have all just be decorated and very nicely presented the bathroom maybe a little on the small side but is also well presentedthe food in the hotel is very good the staff are all very friendly and the facileties are very good there are a lot of nice quiet little areas were you can relax after a hard days sightseeing the hotel is in a nice quiet area but is in walking distance of a few of the sights but also as very good links to the tube which take you anyware wish we new about this hotel before and will defirnetlly return	
Apr 27 2008 	Wonderfully warm and friendly	Recently visited this hotel with my son on a theatre trip. Wonderful hotel with warm and friendly staff. Every luxury catered for efficiently and nothing seemed to be an effort. Very well worth a visit - we know where to stay next time we visit London!	
Apr 23 2008 	Theatre Visit	I booked the hotel for a one night stopover for a theatre visit.I used the hotels website and found it very easy to use, however I did click a wrong tab and ended up booking double the breakfasts required.The same evening the hotel reception rang to tell me of my error and offered to change it for me, hows that for service.The hotel was so unique with different themes for the rooms, the beds were huge and very, very comfortable. We had afternoon tea (overlooking the gardens) which at first did ot seem cheap, but when it arrived could not be faulted with more than enough to fill one up for hours.The staff were without exeption the best I have ever encountered and nothing was too much trouble.I would stay here again and probably will, as it it very handy for theatre land.	
Apr 22 2008	A real disappointment	I stayed here for 1 night and would not stay here again. I had numerous problems: from the room not being ready and being kept waiting for over an hour despite the fact that I had arrived well after check in time, to them telling me that there was a gym in the basement but when I went down in my gym kit it was being refurbished. Room service was slow and poor and the customer service skills of the staff were extremely disappointing. The room was very small and dark. The location is nice, but there are many better hotels for the price.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great location	The Montague is in a great location, close to several tube stations and within walking distance to many great neighborhoods. I booked a standard room, but on arrival found that it smelled musty/smoky (also very tiny, but expected that in London). The front desk switched me to a larger, upgraded room at no extra charge. The room had just been redecorated, so it smelled like fresh paint - not great either, but no other rooms were available. I simply left the window open during the day and the room was fine. The tea tray in my room was perfect for an early morning or late evening refreshment, and the newspapers in the hotel lounge offered free reading during the day/night. My room was very clean. The bathroom was spotless. There are several wonderful rooms in the hotel for sitting or drinking/eating.I would definitely stay here again. The location is quiet. The walk to the various tube stations is short and pleasant. The British Museum is on the same street. Really, a great stay.	
Apr 12 2008 	Don't bring the cat!	A very warm welcome on arrival and efficient check in - then on to the miniscule and quirky lift and into what is best described as a compact bedroom. I’ve had bigger dressing rooms. Good job I didn't bring a cat - it would not have got much exercise! The porter offered to get the luggage rack for my bag - there was not actually enough floor space to put it on, and that was before my husband arrived. At £195 GBP plus VAT I would have liked to at least be able to see the carpet!The room was nicely appointed, as was the bathroom, but not as luxurious as its sister hotel the Chesterfield in Mayfair where we usually stay. Breakfast was good. But dinner in the Blue Door was disappointing and much overpriced. £25 GBP is a bit steep for something called a hand chopped sirloin steak - which was in fact a posh burger. £300 GBP for four people for only two courses. The bar was OK - though intriguingly there was a made up double bed on the patio. The problem was a very loud piano with singer which made conversation difficult at best. I can't fault the staff - with the exception of the chef. They were excellent and really helpful. The concierge found me a USB lead when I had forgotten mine and was always ready with local advice and taxis.	
Apr 9 2008	A perfect hotel	From arrival at the door, the experience was impeccable. Staff was courteous and extremely efficient. Decor, elegant. Food splendid. Room, a bit small, but superbly appointed and excellently served. The location in the quiet Montague Street adds to the stays restful quality. All in all, it is our first choice in London and has been for some years.	
Apr 3 2008 	Concierge dept with a hotel set-up around them	I would have given them 5 stars except we had a problem during an evening meal and the offending item arrived late (side dish after meal was eaten) and we refused it. The item was not removed off the bill and we were not offered a free drink or a sweet or anything as a sorry. Not a massive deal you might say, but they market themselves on outstanding service and that particular event wasnt handled anywhere near good enough.On the other hand the Concierge service at the hotel was the best we've ever had in a British hotel. From the moment we arrived at the front door to be greeted by one of the team who took our bags, to the 2nd member who held the door open and then the captain who took us on a tour of the hotel and its facilities before handing us back to another member of the team to take us to our room. Absolutely outstanding. We had upgraded to a room facing the garden. It was on the 1st floor (118?) and right next to the lifts. Noise was nonexistent and the sound of London was very muted. The decor was modern, mostly black and white with a big and comfortable bed. Bathroom had a couple of neat extras. A blue nightlight and another down light in the middle of the shower. Gave all sorts of shadows when in the shower!Its a great hotel and just small enough to feel intimate. Staff are excellent and as I have already said concierge services are a cut above anything had before.	
Mar 29 2008 	No request too much	My wife and I spent just a single night at The Montague on the Gardens Hotel however; the service we received was absolutely exceptional. Soon after booking the room I requested a couple of 'extras' as a surprise for my wife and these were no trouble whatsoever. The concierge was extremely friendly, polite and helpful showing us around the ground floor of the hotel before taking us to our very pleasant room. Nothing seemed too much trouble for any of the staff which included a call from reception 20 minutes after entering room to make sure that everything was to our satisfactionWe dined out for both dinner and breakfast so we are unable to report on the quality of the food. I stay in about 10 separate hotels throughout the UK during the year and I must say that the service we received was the best ever. I will certainly be looking to stay at the Montague again, probably when I surprise my wife again.	
Mar 4 2008	Most enjoyable hotel in London	We have just received a letter from the General Manager of The Montague on the Gardens Hotel in response to comments we have made on the hotel's customer satisfaction form. This attention to customer satisfaction once more confirms what an excellent hotel The Montague is. We have stayed at the hotel a few times and each visit has been most enjoyable. Initially what attracted us to The Montague is the convenience of it being so central to many tourist attractions, the British Museum being the most obvious as it is just across the road. Even though the hotel is within walking distance of so many interesting places to visit it is situated in a very peaceful area with the gardens at the back offering a quiet haven. We have always received a warm welcome from all the staff who are helpful, courteous and very friendly. The food is excellent. We especially look forward to breakfast when we can choose from a wide range of delicious things all beautifully laid out for us. The waiters and waitresses are charming and, more importantly, efficient. We are very impressed with the hotel's housekeeping. We have stayed in many London hotels before we discovered The Montague and in our opinion none come up to its high standard of cleanliness and attention to detail. We can thoroughly recommend The Montague to anyone visiting London as we can be sure they will have a lovely time.	
Feb 29 2008 	"country house" hotel in central london	A gem of a hotel .  Having stayed in many hotels all over the world and often in London the Montague is one of the very best .It exceeded all expectations - rooms beautifully furnished- food and wine choice perfect and staff so polite and helpful . We were unable to get tickets to see the Terracotta Army exhibition at the British Museum either on line or by post but the concierge kindly got us tickets at our chosen time on our chosen date.The location is perfect as it is adjacent to the museum and a short walk to Covent Garden and Oxford Street .We will certainly use only the Montague on our future trips to London	
Feb 26 2008 	excellent staff	I have stayed here six or seven times on business and always find the staff friendly and efficient - some even remember my name ! Restaurant and bar service excellent. Any small problems have been very quickly rectified.	
Feb 25 2008	Disappointing	Having stayed in many hotels in London this one was disappointing. At the time of booking two rooms we were encouraged to upgrade to a Bloomsbury room, which looking at the website seemed very special. We did not get the rooms that we thought we had booked although we were assured that they were still a Bloomsburys rooms. One room was not ready at checkin time and we waited one and half hours in the bar. The room was so small that you could not pass each other in the room, the bathroom could only fit one person in at a time. The fake fur bedspread looked stained although this was supposed to have been a refurbished room. The staff were polite and friendly and the hotel had a nice ambiance it was just a shame that we were mislead on our booking. When I complained at checkout we were credited our bar bill as compensation but I did feel that we should only have been charged for standard rooms and not a Bloomsburys.	
Feb 24 2008 	little gem	We loved our stay at this lovely hotel. It is small enough that the entire staff knows you by name immediately, and remembers all your preferences. The location is fabulous, a one-minute walk to the British Museum and 15 minutes to theaters, and the museums on Trafalgar Square are only a 20-minute walk. The room was small but beautifully decorated and furnished; wonderful shower!There is a nice restaurant on site and a small and friendly bar. We had afternoon tea one day in the conservatory that looks over the garden. I can't say enough good things about this hotel! My only warning is that the weak dollar makes everything in the UK seem outrageous in price, so you have to be ready for that.We saved quite a bit by booking on line.	
Feb 16 2008 	Perfect Valentine's	Seeing how highly the Montague was rated on TripAdvisor, I elected to stay there for our evening of theatre and dinner in London for Valentine's this year, as it was one of the hotels available through the Theatre Breaks company which still had stalls tickets available for Phantom of the Opera when I began planning our evening.It was a perfect choice!SERVICE: From the very beginning, when I called the hotel to confirm our booking and arrange for flowers and champagne to be waiting in our room on arrival, the staff radiated just the right balance of discrete service and professionalism. When I realised at a very late stage that I had neglected to make dinner reservations, they were able to get us a table in their restaurant without a problem, and better yet, when I found a table at another restuarant closer to the theatre, and called to cancel my reservation at the hotel's restaurant, they were gracious about the cancellation. On arrival, the reception staff were friendly and helpful, the concierge was perfection itself in arranging our travel and every need, and I'm beginning to gush, so I'll stop. I will say that, if you want to feel pampered without feeling pressured, then The Montague is for you.AMBIENCE: The Montague feels very... plush, I think is the best word. The colours are rich and vibrant, the glitz is lightly and artfully applied, and the overwhelming sense is one of yesteryear, a British heyday experience. The temptation to simply while away a few hours in the lounge downstairs, sipping a coffee or cocktail and watching the people come and go was strong, but time did not allow. Our room - one of the Bloomsbury rooms, a free upgrade from the King room I had reserved! - was not exactly to our tastes, but there's no disputing that it was quite decadently furbished and a unique experience. Although space was limited, the room was nonetheless well arrange to make use of what space there was, and every little touch lent itself to embellishing the overall theme of a 50's Hollywood filmstar's boudoir. OTHER LITTLE TOUCHES: The Valentine's basket in our room on arrival. The wonderfully soft, luxurious robes. Having our champagne comp'd. Fresh flowers in the bathroom. The gorgeous waterfall-styled shower. The excellent breakfast, consisting of a small but well-chosen selection. The constant smiles from staff. The feeling of complete calm within the doors of the hotel.In summary, on a similar budget, I fail to see how anyone with a yen to be indulged could do better in London, and I would see no need to stay anywhere else now that I know how good The Montague is. Only thing I might do is ask for a different room next time, as each Bloomsbury room is unique, and it might be fun to see them all.	
Feb 12 2008	Excellent concierge	Agreed with most of the reviews - excellent location, next to British Musuem and within walking distance to Convent Garden &amp; West End theatres (perfectly safe for 2 ladies to walk back after theatre at 2300 hours). The concierge was excellent - very knowledgeable, helpful, trustworthy (they safekeep my laptop for me as I had to rush off to the theatre and when I returned it was already in my room). The reception staff was less friendly and professional - they checked me into a smoking room without confirming with us - and I had to backtracked with the porter to the reception and they looked least apolgetic and just muttered that check in should be 2 pm (I was there at about 12.45 pm). I booked a deluxe king through the website but I found that the bed was definitely a double - I complained late at night as I rushed off to the theatres after checking in and the reception was unable to help me as they were fully booked. They upgraded me to a Bloomsbury room the next day . The Bloomsbury room is lovely, has a king bed and better room facilities eg rain shower, water mixer at the wash basin, good reading lights, but still very small. As I was leaving to the airport late, the late departure option that comes with the weekend package was great as I was able to relax and enjoyed a good bath before the long flight home.	
Feb 6 2008	Want to go again - soon	Went to First Emperor exhibition. Bit unsure as I'm unused to travelling alone. However, I was warmly received, then given a brief tour of the facilities and shown to my room. It was very good and far better than anticipated for a single room. I had a view of the gardens. The staff exceeded expectations as they were extremely helpful and pleasant. and couldn't be faulted. I found the location to be incredibly peaceful whilst only a walk/ tube ride to places of interest. For lovers of the British Museum it couldn't be more convenient. Really want to go again and to take my husband next time to this Oasis in the midst of all the bustle of London.	
Feb 2 2008 	Elegant Little Gem	My family stayed here for 8 days, in a Classic King room (155 pounds/night) and a Classic Single room (115 pounds/night), plus 17.5% tax, breakfast not included. Yes, the rooms are small, as other reviewers say, but they are spacious enough for a very pleasant comfortable stay, ergonomically arranged, beautifully and elegantly furnished, and the bathrooms are certainly large enough and thoroughly modern for all your needs, even if you are a 'big' person. All personnel at the hotel are very helpful and kind, and not overbearing. They do not grub for tips. The areas on the main floor- lobby, sitting room, dining room, glass-enclosed garden room, and bar- all have an elegant European/English decor and atmosphere, and make you feel like a very special guest. Breakfast is served in the dining room, in an atmosphere that makes you feel like the Archbishop is about to arrive. There are several breakfast options; for 6.95 the 'Express' is a pot of coffee, juice, pastries and toast with spreads. It's plenty to start the day; you can order it via room service as well. A regular taxi to Heathrow is about 65 pounds, but it can hold 4 people and a lot of luggage. Location, as mentioned by others, is next to the British Museum, very safe, and an easy walk to the tube stations at Russell Square or Holborn. It's also an easy walk to the Tottenham Court Road bus stop, where it seems like every bus in the city stops. For cheap good food, try Munchkins across from the museum, also Tas at the corner just past the museum. The Montague was a pleasure, and I'm glad we stayed there. London is NOT an inexpensive city, both because of the exchange rate for us Americans and the prices are generally higher than NYC; if you are looking for a vacation a bit less costly, consider staying elsewhere in the UK, and make a visit to London. We also visited Liverpool, and it was wonderful.	
Jan 31 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	My husband and I were visiting London for two nights for a well earned break. We were looking for a romantic hotel in a central location and I chose the Montague based on the great reviews on the TripAdvisor website. We were certainly not disappointed.From we entered the hotel until we left we were treated as valued customers and every member of staff we encountered was pleasant helpful and friendly, from the reception staff, the concierge, the restaurant staff and housekeeping.We were allocated a Bloomsbury room, which although small (as you would expect for central London) met all our requirements. We had a gorgeous four poster bed, lovely fluffy robes and slippers, and a nice range of toiletries. As well as tea/coffee facilites we also had some complimentary bottles of water. The room was spotlessly clean.We booked a weekend package so breakfast was included, as well as dinner on one night. The variety of food on offer at breakfast was really good ranging from cold meats and fruits to full english. Dinner was fabulous and the complimentary glass of wine was much appreciated.The concierge was extremely helpful, especially when we needed assistance finding out if a concert we were going to was postponed. He has a wealth of local knowledge and was able to direct us to various places in the surrounding neighbourhood.All-in-all I could not fault the hotel. It is in a great location (next to the British Museum and close to the shopping distict and Covent Garden), has friendly and helpful staff and, especially if you book a package, is great value. We'll definitely be back.	
Jan 19 2008 	Fantastic Staff and Accommodations	My family and I have stayed at the Montague on the Gardens on numerous occasions for vacations in London and will absolutely return each and every time. We visited twice in 2007, once in June for Wimbledon and returning in December for the Christmas holidays.First, the location is fantastic. It's around the corner from Russell Square which is a great spot for a picnic lunch and just a few more steps to the Russell Square Underground. The British Museum is down the street and there is so much available within walking distance: great restaurants, ATMs, walking tours. It is very quiet in the evening.Second, the hotel is just so beautiful. We always stay in the same rooms because when you look out your window, there is the most lovely garden with all types of sculptures. The rooms are whatever size you are willing to pay for. We always go for the smaller ones as the amenities are the same with robes, slippers, coffee pot, cookies, etc. The hotel is very, very quiet and the beds are comfortable.Third, the staff is FANTASTIC. This is a small hotel, 74 rooms or so, and service is definitely number one. They are so pleasant and helpful. My husband is blind and one of the staff was kind enough to accompany him to the lobby when my daughter and I went shopping. He would give her a call in the afternoon and was then able each time to enjoy afternoon coffee.Lastly, if you can, have the full English breakfast included in your room rate. You will be glad that you did. There is a wonderful selection on the cold buffet with cereal, fruit, yogurt, cheese, bakery items, etc. On the hot buffet, you can enjoy scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, etc. However, if you prefer, the staff will obtain other types of prepared eggs for you.We love the Montague on the Gardens and look forward to each visit. It is definitely a good value for the money.	
Jan 8 2008 	gorgous hotel	the hotel was wonderful for our weekend getaway. the rooms are v. small but perfectly adequate for a short stay. we received a complimentary upgrade to bloomsbury room. the service was excellent, the food was great and the location very handy. cant wait to return	
Jan 8 2008 	A good option in this part of London	We stayed here for two nights in early January. The hotel is well situated and especially close to the British Museum, and a 10 minute walk from Covent Garden and many of the major theatres. The staff are very friendly and welcoming. The room was OK, but make sure if you want a non smoking room you ask for one. I had mistakenly thought that our new laws meant that all workplaces including hotel rooms would all be smoke free. Not so, our room smelt of smoke and only after a day did we realise it had a smoking icon on the front of the door - I thought it was no smoking!!. On speaking to the reception we were told that the hotel was moving towards being non smoking but had not got so yet??? Not sure of the legality of that I have to say...surely a bedroom is a workplace??Anyway other than that the room was very clean, as is the whole hotel, breakfast acceptable nothing special, and overall I would say a good base for a London weekend.	
Dec 28 2007 	OK for very short break .....	We negotiated a rate with the hotel directly, and eventually were offered one of the the refurbished Bloomsbury rooms which normally command a £250+ a night price tagThe hotel is pleasantly located, not too far from Oxford Street but far enough to seem quiet and relaxedCheck in was swift and professional. A concierge takes you to show you round the hotel and your room. Our concierge didn't show us the fitness facilities but other than that was all OKThe room itself was the greatest disappointment. Ridiculously small. The management of Red Carnation knew I'd had some booking 'issues' so you would have thought they'd have given us a larger room ... there was a double bed .... bit of furniture and that was i. It had been refurbished but a better idea would have been to reduce the number of rooms and increase their sizeIf I'd have paid full rate for the room, I'd have been bitterly disappointed ..... one night was just about bearable but a longer stay would have been unworkableThe bathroom was fine but again rather small for the rate being chargedDue to the age of the hotel, they are limited in what they can do, but the rates charged for the size of the room are a little on the high side ....When the maid came to do our turn down service, even she remarked 'this is a very small room for two people' - I guess maybe the hotel did it deliberately !Our rate included breakfast, this was of a good standard buffet style. Apart from the waiter spilling coffee all over the table (and not offering to move us or relay the table) breakfast was fine.Checkout also was swift and no problemsWatch out when asking for a paper as you will be charged for this and not told that is chargeable - there are free papers in the lounge area so just pick one of those up - an unnecessary charge by the hotel when the room rate is so high seems a little unfair. Personally I find 'extras' like this, however small the charge, put me off the hotel and often the whole chain ....So the hotel itself is pleasant enough - rooms (at least the one we had) are far too small for the price - and maybe a little more thought could be put into what is chargeable and what is 'complimentary'	
Dec 17 2007 	Excellent service atmosphere and location	I've stayed in this hotel for 12 years ago on business. For the weekend getaway without kids we saw the reviews for this hotel telling us that it still was an exceptional hotel. It did not disappoint. Very friendly staff, efficient service and always helpful.The hotel have rather small rooms, but our Bloomsbury King room was very clean, modern refurnished and functional. My wife thought that the bed mattress was to hard. The atmosphere of the hotel (the floor &quot;squics&quot; when walking the corridor) brings you back to old times.The location is also perfect, right by the high street, but in a calm relaxed neighbourhood without much noise.	
Nov 28 2007	excellent service at the Montague	I recently arranged a reunion dinner at the Montague on the Gardens for nearly 20 people with about half that number staying in the hotel. We had a wonderful time. The food was excellent; the rooms were spacious compared to many, more expensive, hotels in central London. Rooms and bathrooms were clean, beautifully presented, with a good array of accessories. There was a good choice for breakfast and coffee and tea were on tap in the lounge were we moved after breakfast.What struck all us particularly was the excellent and friendly service. We were all greeted as we walked into the hotel and we all felt looked after for the duration of our stay. The service at our dinner couldn't have been better. One of our number was in a wheelchair. The hotel has a special wheelchair friendly room and, again, the staff were endlessly helpful.	
Nov 18 2007 	Charming and friendly Montague on the Gardens	I've stayed before in the Russell Square and Holborn neighbourhood of London. Within walking distance of the British Museum, Covent Garden, the National Gallery and many theatres, and close to several bus routes and the underground, it's central and has good restaurants and shops. I'd always stayed before in large, tourist hotels and apartments. They were good value for money and comfortable enough, but charmless.I had walked past the Montague, a series of linked town houses on a quiet street adjacent to the British Museum and decided to try it. After one visit, I've decided that it will be my choice for future visits to London. The lobby area is beautifully decorated, as is the lounge and the bar, and the dining room is warm and comfortable. My room was also nicely decorated, large for a London hotel and had a bathroom of dark wood and marble that was delightful. There was real attention to detail, including provision in the room of items (scissors, stapler, ruler and elastic bands) that travellers sometimes need, but that are seldom provided. Staff were courteous and helpful. I was impressed that they used my name and asked about my day both at reception and in the dining room, where they knew me and my breakfast order by the second day. Nothing impersonal about the experience at the Montague!	
Nov 10 2007 	Highly recommend the Montague on the Gardens	I've stayed at the Montague on the Gardens frequently in the past on business and have always liked the hotel, but this visit was a weekend stay with my husband, and the welcome we received was outstanding - way beyond any reasonable expectation. The staff were wonderful, really kind, friendly and helpful. Being in central London, the rooms at the hotel are rather small, but beautifully furnished. The breakfast buffet is excellent. We will definitely stay there again on future visits to London.	
Oct 24 2007 	Great if you need tickets for British Museum	Decor very flamboyant, old textiles. As it says on the website, 'luxury furnishings and fabrics' To be honest not my preference, but this will appeal to many people, especially from other countries, as it felt quintessentially English. I chose it as I was deperate to get tickets for the First Emperor exhibiton at the British Museum, and as I booked very late (one week in advance...) there were no tickets to be had. Although I could not find any ticket/hotel packages initially, this popped up on a search engine, and I was delighted (and a little sceptical) when they confirmed that they could get me Emperor tickets. And they did ! We arrived the night before, and the next morning they got tickets within half an hour of the requested time slot which was great (apparently they have fast track agreement with the British Museum). It is in the next street to the Museum, literally 2 minutes walk. The location was not ideal for us, as its in a residential street and away from restaurants etc, but saying that, it was only 10-15 mins walk from Shaftesbury Avenue. The staff at the hotel are very helpful, and the concierge arranged tickets for a musical too. We had 2 single rooms, small, but adequate. Ironing boards in rooms (sadly, as a frequent traveller this is important to me), tea, coffee etc. I probably would not stay there again, but this is purely due to location (which for many people would be a plus as it is on a quiet street) but the actual hotel was good and staff very friendly.	
Oct 22 2007 	Couldn't ask for more!	I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and was well happy that i found such a lovely place to stay,i chose this hotel based on the reviews here and my girlfriend loved it too (thank god) from the moment we arrived with very courteous and friendly staff to having an amazing champagne breakfast in our room the next morning,evrything was perfect.All the staff were so nice,we felt like royalty and we only stayed for one night.The rooms were lovely with nice big beds,we didn't use much of the hotel facilities but it all looked really nice in the bar,restaurant and gardens,fantastic location too with only 5 mins walk down to Soho and the nearest tubes.Would definitely recommend this place for any occasion.	
Oct 17 2007	Very special place	The Montague has something that one experiences quite rarely nowadays--a true committment to service excellence. We showed up quite bedraggled from our transatlantic journey to a warm greeting and a welcoming atmosphere. Once in our room, after a reasonable time, they called to see if all was well with the room. The room itself was spotless with the coolest shower I've seen where the water came right out of the ceiling. It is situated practically right across the street from the British Museum, yet on a quiet, charming street of small boutique hotels.Heard from them right after our stay asking if we had any comments and thanking us for our stay.Wonderful, wonderful place.	
Sep 26 2007 	What a fantastic place !	The staff here was incredible, the public rooms -- lounge, bar, foyer, restaurant, patio -- just as darling as web photos show, the room very nice (albeit small-ish) and my fussy husband thought the mattress great, the food good! Everything just wonderful ! Completely worth every penny !	
Sep 13 2007 	Love Red Carnation Hotels	I just had a return stay here and it couldn't have been better. The service is terrific and the amenities are perfect, including the great breakfast in beautiful surroundings.Rooms are small but well furnished and the location is convenient to the Tube to Heathrow.	
Aug 20 2007 	A relaxing wonder in London	I have just returned from a weekend at the Montague. The hotel is magnificent and I have never experienced such incredible service before. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag myself away from the hotel to go to on the rest of my trip to Scotland. The location of the Montague was perfect, walking distance to Kings Cross, and the London Eye. The restaurant was superb. Having cocktails on the garden was a relaxing benefit I did not expect.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed at in London, and I look forward to returning on my next trip.	
Aug 20 2007 	Great Hotel Excellent Location Good Service	Stayed for my birthday weekend. All the Staff were very friendly. My husband let them know it was for my birthday and there was a bottle of complementary champagne waiting in the room. and on my birthday the maids had left some chocolates.Room service was fast and food same or cheaper price than the restaurant. Got upgraded to a Bloomsbury room after booking late cheaper room with Last Minute. Rooms on small side but had everything we needed.Within walking distance of Russell Square and Holborn tube. Located behind the British Museum.Bed and pillows very comfy. Would stay there again.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great Location - charming Hotel	Stayed at the Montague on the Gardens for 3 nights early August. What a lovely Hotel, charming place, lovely deco and excellent location. The service was great with very attentative staff in all areas. Rooms comfortable, we stayed in a King Deluxe with Garden View and it was nice - the street is not over busy so a front room should not be too noisey. Standard size room for London with clean &amp; comfortable size bathroom. The hotel has a terraced bar which overlooks a large garden, We had nice weather and sat out on the terrace to enjoy drinks. This hotel is close to everything and is close to Russell Sq Tube which is on Piccadilly Line - easy access for all routes and Heathrow. We had come by express train to Paddington and taxi to hotel but returned to Heathrow direct from Russel Sq tube. British Museum straight across road too which is worth a visit. Lovely park on Russell Square at end of road to right of hotel- nice to stroll through and enjoy on way to tube and busy London has nice cafe too. We had a good breakfast each morning in the hotel. It had hot and cold buffet and was included in our room rate and we ate in Hotel on Sunday, lovley atomsphere and good sounds from entertainment - food of fair/good standard. Bar and food prices a little pricey but similar to most Hotels in central London. We would return to Montague.	
Jul 27 2007 	A Wonderful Experience!	I absolutely loved the Montague on the Gardens! It was my first trip to London and I traveled alone for a conference. They immediately made me feel at home and during my stay, all of the staff were very helpful, particularly the concierge. They helped me plan my activities in the amount of time I had and were extremely knowledgeable. My room was very clean, the food at the hotel was great, breakfast was included each day. It is a smaller, boutique hotel near the British Museum. I loved the neighborhood. It was a complete delight...very charming. I highly recommend it!	
Jul 23 2007 	Very pleasant hotel	We have just returned from an overnight stay at the Montague on the Gardens. Our purpose was to go to a show on Friday night and then visit the British Museum on Saturday.The hotel is conveniently located half-way between Euston and the West End Theatres, we didn't need to use the underground or taxis as everything we wanted to see was within easy walking distance.Arriving at the Hotel our case was immediately taken by the Concierge who welcomed us and showed us where to check in. The check in staff were bright, friendly and professional. Very pleasantly we were upgraded from a 'superior double' to a 'Bloomsbury' room at no extra cost. We were then shown around the hotel ground floor by the porter who explained where we would have breakfast, where the bars were etc. before showing us to our room. Again, very pleasant and professional attitude. The room overlooked the road but was quiet due to the secondary glazing which cut out any road noise there may have been (this is a listed building so double glazing would not be in character). An enormous four-poster bed dominated the room which was decorated in Georgian style with matching drapes, curtains and wallcoverings. Two large windows let in loads of light, making the room feel 'airy' although it was on the small side. Other reviews have noted the size of the rooms and if this is an issue it would probably be better to book a suite - it didn't bother us though, although small the room was well appointed with everything you could need including iron, ironing board, tea &amp; coffee making facilities etc. The bathroom was not large but again well appointed and spotlessly clean. Towelling robes and slippers were provided, along with good quality toiletries. The shower was a 'rain shower' type which we liked. As we were going to the theatre and wanted to eat quite some time before the show we booked a 'pre-theatre' table in the Hotel's Restaurant. The food was delicious and well presented, the service excellent. Pricey, if that matters to you, but again to us it was part of having some free time together and a night out!The theatre was about 10-15 minutes walk and on returning we had drinks in the bar before retiring. Unfortunately the weather wasn't that good so we didn't get the opportunity to use the outside terrace which looked really nice.The bed was very comfortable and we slept very well, there was no noise to speak of from either inside or outside the Hotel. Breakfast was included in the price of our room (we paid £134 + VAT). The breakfast room was very full when we went down and so we were asked to wait just outside and offered a paper &amp; drinks while we waited. However, they then opened another room on the lower ground floor and we decided to go down there to eat. Full English Breakfast was available along with all the usual Continental options. Again the service was excellent and all the staff checked that our orders for tea/coffee etc had been taken.Checkout was fast and efficient, the Concierge again took our case and offered to hold on to it for us while we went out for the day.Overall a very pleasant stay in a conveniently located and not too expensive (for London) hotel.	
Jun 13 2007 	Lovely but too pricey.	We stayed at the Montague last summer on our 2 week trip to Europe. There were some wonderful and not so wonderful things about this hotel.When we arrived in London, it was just after 6am. We couldn't get into our room yet so the staff offered us tea and let us store our things in a locked luggage room while we when to the British museum. When we returned later that morning, we were ready for a well needed nap. Our room was ready and it had a garden view as requested. All of the staff was wonderful and helpful. The elevator was ridiculously tiny. My husband had to follow me up with our luggage because we couldn't all fit in at once with our two bags. The room was also tiny. And I mean TINY!! We could not pass each other near the bed. We had to put one of our suitcases on the rack between the bed and the wall so there was no passing in that direction. My husband had to put his suitcase away every time he had to get into it because there was nowhere to leave it out. Also, the shower had this wierd half door that allowed water to get all over the place. The bed was very comfy and it was really quiet on the garden side of the hotel. It was also wonderful being so close to many attractions in London. The British museum was across the street and the tube was not far away. I recommend eating out for breakfast. There are several small places around the area that you can get a much cheaper meal than at the hotel. Overall, I found this hotel to be lovely but to expensive to return to it.	
Jun 7 2007 	Old-fashioned service and a bit of luxury	We stayed at the Montague on the Gardens for a week in May and found it to be a pleasant little jewel of a hotel. I shamelessly admit to wanting not just cleanliness and a convenient location in a hotel but also old-fashioned service and a bit of luxury, and the Montague certainly provides that.Our room, on the third floor overlooking the gardens behind the hotel, was as small as we’ve learned to expect in European hotels, but it was well-decorated in a style I’ve heard described as “English country house” (not to everyone’s taste, but I liked it) and more than comfortable: beautiful fabrics and wall coverings, fluffy duvet on the queen-sized bed, cushy towels and bathrobes, quality toiletries. More importantly, it was absolutely spotless–a condition that was renewed daily by the efficient but unobtrusive housekeeping staff. We were impressed by how cunningly the storage space was arranged; despite the room’s small size, we had ample drawer and closet space for our clothing and found that we could also store our empty suitcases in the built-in armoire (I should mention, though, that we each travel with two smaller suitcases, rather than one large one; someone with a monster-size bag would have trouble fitting it into one of the compartments in the armoire).The bathroom was also very small by North American standards, but it had everything necessary and, as with the room, was spotlessly clean every day. The fresh red carnation that appeared daily on the vanity was a nice touch. My only issue with the bathroom was trying to get used to the glass shower panel that extended only half-way down the length of the bathtub. I’ve found these to be the norm not only in English hotels and B&amp;Bs but in private homes as well. I still haven’t figured out how the English take a shower without spraying water all over the bathroom floor! Just one of those cultural differences that I’ve had to learn to embrace.We found the staff very professional in their attitude but also helpful and friendly, and we felt that they went out of their way to make us feel welcome. We arrived at the Montague on a Sunday morning after an overnight transatlantic flight and were greeted with smiles and the good news that our room was already available for us to check in, despite the early hour. Not only that, but we also discovered a very large bouquet of cut flowers, carefully arranged in a vase, waiting in the room. Our son had called the Montague from his home in New York a few days before our arrival and with the assistance of the concierge had arranged for this birthday/Mothers Day surprise for me (of course, every good son should send his mother flowers on her birthday and every good hotel concierge should go out of his or her way to make a guest’s stay memorable, but not all do, in either case).The Montague is well located for those who prefer a quiet neighbourhood but don’t want to be too far off the beaten path. On a quiet street literally around the corner from the British Museum, it’s only a short walk to either the Russell Square or Holborn Tube station. Covent Garden and the theatre district are only about a ten-minute walk away, Trafalgar Square not much further. You can find drugstores, cafés, and other useful shops, as well as a Waitrose supermarket, at the Brunswick Shopping Centre, on Bernard Street just past Russell Square Tube station. There is a Pret-a-Manger café right across the street from the Tube station, as well, which we found very handy for quick continental-style breakfasts at a reasonable cost (the Montague offers breakfast in its restaurant, but we felt that the £17.00/person price was too rich for our budget).We enjoyed our stay at the Montague and would definitely stay there again.	
May 30 2007	Wonderful stay at the Montague Hotel!	My husband and myself recently spent over a week in London. We had a wonderful experience staying at the Montague Hotel on the Gardens. It was centrally located and in walking distance of several well-known sites, and yet it was still off the beaten path and sitituated in a lovely location. We found the hotel to be charming and decorated in exquisite taste. The rooms were good-sized and included all the amenities, including computer access, bathrobes, and chocolates on the pillows each night. Each of the rooms were individually decorated, , and the color schemes of each were particularly attractive. The staff were consistently helpful, and we were impressed by the personal attention afforded us by everyone in the botel. Having never stayed at this hotel before, we weren't sure what to expect, but this hotel exceeded our expectations. We would surely make reservations at the Montague on the Gardens for our next trip to London! Joan Rhodes	
May 30 2007 	A complete swindling !	We chose this 3 star hotel (not 4) according to the comments on this internet site, but, really, the reception area is the only place that looks 4 stars, the room was so small that the two people that we were could not cross, we could not find any place to open and store our single suitcase, no minibar, no tea/coffee facility, windows badly isolated = windy and cold room, we complained to reception and were promised a solution, but we never saw the manager and no one got back to us ! Useless to say : we will not return to this hotel again.	
May 28 2007	Mixed Bag...	Overall the hotel was OK. That's our starting point.When we arrived late the first evening, they told us that the room they had us in was very small but they could upgrade use for 30 pounds per night. We declined. Indeed the room was small but very clean. They was way too much furniture considering this was a room for two people. There was barely enough room to put our luggage away. Not kidding.The bed was comfortable with one exception. They use a mattress pad with a rubber (vinyl) backing which simply leaves one clammy and sweating. By the second night we had to take it off the bed and remake the bed to get a good night's sleep.We're adults. We're not going to wet the bed &lt;smile&gt;Speaking of sleeping. The location is VERY quiet. We slept with the windows wide open and it was very peaceful.The bath was small but clean. The staff was friendly and professional. Although it would have been nice if they had things like bus maps handy since not everyone prefers the underground.Would we stay here again? Probably not. We didn't feel like we got our money's worth.We travel a fair amount. We've stayed in Paris, Madrid, Honolulu, Whister BC Canada, Key West, and Costa Rica in the last two years. We've stayed in cheaper places and more expensive places. This wasn't worth it.	
May 27 2007	Bloomsbury hotel The Montague on the Gardens	With some trepidation, my colleague and myself stayed at The Montague on the Gardens, just over the street from the British Museum and some blocks away from Covent Garden. We usually stay in Mayfair and we were both somewhat wary of the location. We were delighted to learn that not only was this a lovely location, on a somewhat quiet side street just off Russell Square, but also a wonderfully run establishment, rated as 4-stars, but we both agreed that we received 5-star service. While the rooms we had were on the smallish side, they would have been perfectly adequate for a couple. My colleague stayed in a Bloomsbury room, and her only regret was that there was no drawer storage, only shelves. I opted for a third floor room, not recently renovated as were the Bloomsbury rooms, and there was plenty of drawer storage. The bathrooms though not large are very well appointed; the bar has a charming little outside terrace, overlooking neighboring gardens and the bar itself is cosy with very attentive service. The hotel in general is immaculately clean, with a small and welcoming lobby. The staff in general are extremely helpful, but especially to be commended are the concierges with whom we dealt: Mustapha's knowledge of local, but out of the ordinary, sights is extensive and very welcome for frequent visitors who have done most everything in this vibrant city. He is a treasure, and his colleague, Samir, was also quite knowledgeable. This small hotel, a member of the Red Carnation chain, is a little jewel and its rates won't break the bank.	
May 19 2007 	Great hotel	Its so difficult finding a hotel in London, when you have to balance budgets, but dont want to end up anywhere grotty! This hotel was recommended to me by the Hotel Directory. And it was perfect. The location in Bloomsbury was great- it's near enough to all the things we wanted for our few nights stay - the British Museum, Covent Garden, West End, Oxford Street. The service was the tradiitional service that I had thought had disappeared. The reception staff were very helpful and we were helped with our bags to our lovely room. The room was reasonably sized with a lovely view overlooking gardens. The meals in the restaurant were excellent too. The only problem was when we tried to have our afternoon tea, that we had planned to have on the day we checked out - the one we were promised (scones, jam etc) was not offered on that particular day. for some reason. However, the hotel really tried to make up for it and put something together for us specially. I have recommeded this hotel to a friend, who stayed later last year (2006) and they also sing its praises now.	
May 14 2007 	Nice little retreat with in London	Ah a pleasant respite. Its near the University of London, next to the British Museum, within three blocks of the tubes. The breakfast is tasty, and the staff is very kind. Its Britain at its best. We stayed at the Russell last year and discover this at the tail end of our stay. The stay here salvaged the nights.The rooms are small, but cozy and the halls are brightly lit. The beds are clean and comfortable. We would return and have!	
May 3 2007 	Happy smiley people!	My Husband had used this Hotel for business over the years and when we decided to go on a pleasure trip he suggested the Montague. It is right next to the British Museum in a lovely quiet side street. The Staff greet you with upmost respect and make it plain that no requestis too large or too small. The rooms are superbly decorated and cleanwith every luxury laid on, even down to a bathrobe and slippers! The beds are super comfy with the highest quality crisp bedlinen and I slept really well. The bar caters for all tastes in the drink line orfood line and the Restuarant was second to none. I think what makes the Montague stand out is the staff who all seem so happy in their work and also seem to get on so well together, so there is team work.You were made to feel so special whoever you were and we shall alwaysgo for this Hotel. 'Simply the best'	
Apr 28 2007 	loved the staff	We spent two nights in this hotel when in London for a theatre trip and visiting relatives. We were very impressed by the lovely atmosphere in the public area when we arrived. We were a little early, and our room was not ready, but we were offered complimentary coffee and luggage storage. By the time we had drunk our coffee the room was ready (&quot;we will make your room a priority&quot;) and not only did the charming young porter show us to our room, where our luggage was waiting, he showed us around the rest of the hotel facilities. We only had breakfast in the hotel, which was fairly typical buffet style continental or cooked, but you could order something freshly cooked if you preferred. Our room was not large, but perfectly OK for our requirements (you are in an old city centre building after all), and although the bathroom was ready for a refurbishment, it was clean and well stocked with toileteries and bath robes. There is a pleasant little bar, with some outside seating overlooking the gardens, although they are private. The location is very good, next to the British Museum, only 15 - 20 mins walk to Chinatown, Covent Garden etc. The real joy of this hotel to us was the staff - they were unfailingly friendly and polite, remembering our names and anxious to help with organising anything we needed. We will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 22 2007 	wonderful service	In March this year we stayed at the Montague on the Gardens Hotel for 3 nights. This boutique hotel is perfect for visiting London. In Summer is is possible to enjoy outdoor dining, whereas in March, the ambiance was cosy. Decor is amazing, slightly over the top, but good fun.Staff are very friendly and attentive, so much so that it felt like a home from home.The hotel is beside the British Museum and also within walking distance of Covent Garden.We look forward to returning.Derek and Patricia HylandCounty Down, N Ireland	
Apr 18 2007 	Our Favourite hotel in London	This was our second stay at the Montague on the Gardens Hotel We stayed again for two nights, visiting the theatre and relaxing Our accommodation was even better than the first visit. The room was delightful!-spacious, sumptuous, a relaxing sitting area, fabulous bathroom with superb shower. The staff were once again very attentive , polite AND NOTHING WAS TOO MUCH FOR THEM.The food is excellent there, the room service is prompt !We are planning to return to the Montague in October to celebrate my brother and sister-in law's Silver Wedding Anniversary. We are sure that they will absolutely love the hotel as much as we do and the excellent service we receive while we are there! The staff are going to arrange everything for us while we are there. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be pampered and looked after well. From the time we walk into the hotel until our departure we cannot fault the service -from the pleasant greeting from Mustafa the concierge through to the front desk staff who deal with our departure. Well done to everyone at the Montague- keep up the excellent standard . This will be the hotel we will use time and time again ( God willing)!  Patrick and Denise	
Apr 16 2007 	Brilliant Hotel	I have travelled to London on a number of occassions on business and pleasure and have stayed at quite a few different hotels. Last year I stayed at the Montague on the Gardens, and was really impressed by both the service and the accommodations. So much so that on a weekend break we decided to got to the hotel once more. Again the service was excellent and the room, bar, restaurant and reception were immaculate. I cannot emphasize how much we really enjoyed our stay there. The staff at the hotel are really helpful, and went out of their way to make sure our stay was an enjoyable one. The hotel location, next to the British Museum, is very peaceful (especially for the centre of London), but is also really good for getting round Llondon on the tube. I can honestly say that this is a great hotel to stay in, and will be using it again for both business and pleasure.	
Apr 15 2007 	Slick pad	Just stayed four days at the Montague-it seems to be a very well run and maintained hotel. Good location in Bloomsbury, right behind British museum, a few minutes walk to nearest tube. Staff all very polite and helpful. Rooms clean, if on the small side but all adaquately equipped. It was a pleasure to be in a small hotel where an effort is obviously being made to deliver a good service to guests. Thank you!	
Apr 10 2007 	Excellent stay - great staff and great property	I travel to London on a regular basis and have stayed at a number of hotels and the Montague is by far the best I have stayed at. The staff members at the hotel are exceptionally helpful and do everything to make sure that your stay is an enjoyable one, which is not the case at the majority of London hotels I have stayed at. The hotel is ideally located in the heart of London making it an ideal hotel to stay at if you need to be in the centre, though the tube is close by if you need to travel a bit further. This is now my second stay and I must say that the rooms are immaculate. The bar and restaurant are also very pleasant, with excellent food. In short I recommend this hotel for business and pleasure. The friendly service, together with the excellent condition of the rooms and its location make the Montague my new favorite hotel in London (and trust me I have stayed at many).	
Apr 6 2007 	Far worse than expected	Based on reviews from this site, we spent a recent weekend at this hotel and found it to be a very over-priced, over-rated property withpretentious, unhelpful staff. Our experiences included:1. We never received our 6 am wake up call on the day of departure - no apology forthcoming when I brought it to the attention of the employee behind the desk as we were rushing out the door on our way to the airport.2. Upon check-in at noon, we were told that our room was not ready (understandable), but that if we wished to upgrade to a larger room for an additional $100 we could have the room immediately. We declined and said that we would wait in the lounge until our room was ready. 5 minutes later we were shown to our room, which made us feel that the room was always ready and they were just trying to charge us more.3. At check-in, the employee told me that our rate did not include breakfast. I mentioned that I thought it did, but she argued with me.When I returned to the desk with our confirmation that indicated thatbreakfast was included, she was not at all apologetic and was very gruff about making the change.4. I've stayed in numerous hotels throughout Europe and know that the rooms are always substantially smaller than US hotel rooms. But the size of the superior double room at this hotel for the price is laughable - there is simply not enough space for 2 people and 2 suitcases. The room was shabby, dark and in poor condition. We never received turndown service and I've had better quality towels in Holiday Inns.5. A few minutes after we got into our room, the fire alarm bells went off. When I called down to the front desk, they said that it wasa routine test, but it would have been nice to have had the courtesy of being given that information since we had just completed the check-in 10 minutes prior to the test.6. The restaurant was ill-prepared to handle the breakfast crowd and the selection of foods on the buffet was quite inferior. 7. We returned to the hotel after dinner on our last night intending to sit in the lounge area with our friends. However, there was an event going on in one of the public rooms and the entire lounge area reeked of smoke, making it impossible to remain there.The weekend prior to our stay at the Montague was spent at the Renaissance Chancery Court. The staff at the Montague would be well served by taking a field trip to the Renaissance to pick up some pointers on hotel management. Our stay at this property was the only disappointment of our entire visit to England. We would definitely not return to this hotel.	
Mar 15 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed at this hotel whilst visiting London for a weekend theatre trip. It is in an excellent location for all the theatres and Covent Garden / Oxford Street shopping. There are plenty of lovely restaurants nearby. Parking was hassle free too. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are very very friendly and helpful. We are definiately going back next time we visit London.	
Mar 14 2007	Our Favourite London Hotel	We have just enjoyed our 4th stay at this lovely hotel in Bloomsbury. From the moment we stepped through the door, we were greeted by amazingly friendly and efficient reception staff who could not do enough to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. We were upgraded to a superb king size room with luxury furnishings and one of the best bathrooms we've seen on our journies around Europe and America. The Montague is situated so conveniently that you can reach most places with the minimum of fuss. It's almost next door to the British Museum, within walking distance to the West End Theatres and a quick underground ride to Covent Garden, one of our favourite places. The hotel has a great bar/restaurant with the choice of two conservatory areas, a Bistro and serves a terrific cooked breakfast. They even provide a nightly turn-down service and constantly replenish tea &amp; coffee in the rooms (not the biscuits though!!) Not known to the uninitiated, the hotel has a lovely little garden at the rear, where barbecues are served in the summer.We highly recommend the Montague to anyone looking for a friendly, elegant but comfortable, affordable hotel with fabulous service.	
Mar 9 2007	Lovely weekend break at the Montague on The Gardens	We had a very enjoyable 2 night stay at the Montague on the Gardens in early March. We have stayed several times at the Chesterfield in Mayfair (their sister hotel) which we always thoroughly enjoy, and although I would say, the Chesterfield has the edge, this hotel is very similar in style and I really have only good things to say about it.We expected high standards, due to staying at the Chesterfield and were not disappointed.Our room on the third floor was a very good size (as London hotel bedrooms go), it looked out onto the gardens on the rear, so we had a nice view, which is very unusual for London. The room was very well appointed and spotlessly clean. When booking, I had requested a quiet room, and the staff had obviously taken note of this, as we were not bothered by any noise at all throughout our stay.The staff were all both efficient and friendly from start to finish.The only minor critisism that I would make, is that the excellent breakfast buffet could have been a little warmer.We will most certainly return to this hotel again, more than likely in the summer months so that we can enjoy the lovely outdoor facilities overlooking the gardens.	
Feb 28 2007 	Simply the best	Dont tell anyone about this perfect gem!! :)) I've been there twice and I plan to return many more times. The location is perfect - just off Russell Square - I walked everywhere but there are numerous bus lines, 3 underground stations within 5 minutes walking distance and it is also a walking distance to both Euston London Train station and King's Cross. The British Museum is just around the corner as are many lovely book shops, coffee shops, restaurants and just anything you could want.It appears the hotel is trying to preserve a traditional type of English charm - tons of beautiful furniture, heavy drapes, thick carpets, lovely displays everywhere - in the lobby they have some beautiful tea pots on show, and a real fire place. The breakfast is excellent - I like a light breakfast and I could have my choice of yoghurts, fresh fruit, cereals and the like. My husband took a more traditional English - and he was very happy. It is not often you can have such choice. Everything was fresh and the buffet was very tempting. Oh, and they have great coffee - not typical of hotel coffee. I also had high-tea there on a number of occasions and it was great - and traditional - with scones, clotted cream, strawberry jam and finger sandwiches and the like. Not cheap though, but wonderful. I didnt try the restaurant, the prices looked quite impressive, but I have been told by those who have that it was most enjoyable. Our room was one of the Bloomsbury Suites - it was divine. We were upgraded for a very small increase in the price, and it was worth it. See the photos. Oh, and they have a lovely fitness room - so rare in London - small true, but the equipment is fine and it is airconditioned, with clean towels, a water cooler and half of it is under some conservatory - so you feel you are outside. But of course the best of the Montague is the staff - so polite, so helpful, so friendly. They seem to get a kick out of pampering their guests. You reallly should try this hotel if you want a traditional English sort of experience with all the charm of old England.	
Feb 26 2007 	Best hotel 	I chose this hotel on the basis of the reviews here, and this is the best hotel I have stayed at. The staff are all excellent. The hotel is really comfortable and friendly. The breakfast deserves a particular mention because it is a buffet but the hot food was always fresh and hot, much better than I have had anywhere else (even when cooked to order).I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 9 2007	Most Welcoming Hotel	My friend and I stayed at this hotel on a Theatre break for just one night. The staff were wonderfully welcoming (from the doorman who greeted us and helped us out of the taxi) to the receptionists who were so professional and friendly. The standard of the service and food was excellent and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel and we will be returning later this year to spend two nights on our Theatre break (hotel is so near to all theatres, Covent Gardens and opposite the British Museum.	
Jan 31 2007 	Lovely hotel	We have stayed in this excellent hotel before and were not disappointed this time. The staff are charming and very helpful, nothing was too much trouble for them. Our recently refurbished room had the most comfortable bed outside our own bedroom, and was delightfully furnished in sumptuous fabrics. There was perhaps a touch too much furniture as this made the room seem rather cramped, but this really is a minor whinge. The room and bathroom was spotlessly clean and the bedding smelled lovely. We had lunch in the bar on our arrival and this was swiftly served and was delicious, as was our comprehensive breakfast on leaving. We will definitely be returning to this hotel which is close to Euston, the theatres, and everything we want to do. Well done to the management and staff at the Montague on the Gardens.Mr &amp; Mrs A Donovan - Cheshire	
Jan 31 2007	Customer service to return for	Without doubt, the Montague on the Gardens is my favourite hotel in central London. And the one thing above all others that makes me return again and again is the attitude of ALL the staff and the management. No where else have I been made to feel so welcome, from the moment I arrive until I check out.As a frequent traveller it makes such a refreshing change!Add to this the quality of the rooms, its first class food and its central location (situated right next to the British Museum) - I simply can't fault it.	
Jan 18 2007	Gorgeus Hideaway	What an excellent hotel we chose. Even before we arrived at the hotel for our two night escape, the politeness that pervades the hotel, via its staff, was experienced through a couple of emailswhich preceded the visit. The check-in was so pleasant and efficient, even though we were a little early. The room was ideal for what we needed; clean and well-provided with tea, coffee, biscuits and water (we took our own champagne!). The Gardens we overlooked were so serene with lovely birdsong - and windows that actually opened! The TV had enough channels for the time we spent in the room.As for the English breakfast, it was superb. No plastic sausages, no scrambled egg sat in water, tasty bacon and mushrooms and black pudding with tomato. Alternatives if you wanted them - the Continental Breakfast looked good as well.Coffee was great and orange and grapefruit juices gave the 'system' a good kick-start! Restaurant Manager and staff attentive and efficient.The location is ideal for two tube stations at Russell Square and Holborn. The former on the Piccadilly Line and the latter on the Central Line. Lots of eateries and pubs in the area so you will never starve or go thirsty.Overall, the hotel felt so homely and clean smelling (no cigarette smoke in reception/seating areas at all - We didn't use the pub).We were well and truly spoilt and would not hesitate to return. I fear that the huge reputation this hotel is building up may prevent me from getting accommodation next time I want to visit - I hope not.. Thank you to all the staff - the Rooms Manager, Reception staff, Concierge, Bell Boys, Housekeepers - you are stars!	
Jan 17 2007	A Regular Visitor to Montague	I've stayed at this hotel a few times, as I'm always put up here by the company I work for on account of them receiving a special rate! On top of that, I have stayed in a few different 4* hotels in London over the last few years, so I think I can offer quite an informed view by now. My overall impression is that you just can't beat the attentitveness of the staff at the Montague. You always receive the same attention, no matter how often you stay, and feel like a million dollars for it when you leave. The only criticism, really, is that it can be a bit full-on, but then that does seem a bit churlish given that the staff go to so much effort for their clientele. (Also, it makes a pleasant change from some hotels I could mention where the staff just don't give a toss.) The last time I stayed at the Montague - in October 2005 I think - they had just renovated a number of their rooms, and as a regular customer they very excitedly gave me a free upgrade so that I could try one out. As you can see from the photos, the room was exquisitely presented and immaculately clean. The hotel is a comfortable walking distance from Oxford Street and all the action, but in a quiet street behind the British Museum and therefore far enough away from the madding crowd to ensure a peaceful night's sleep. In general, the rooms are small, but that's typical for London. The hotel is decorated in an ecletic mixture of styles, from country kitsch to gentleman's club, with no clear unifying theme, except I suppose that it is very English. The food is delicious.	
Jan 17 2007	Lovely hotel - excellent staff	This must rate as one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in: for customer care, service, standard of decoration. From the moment we arrived we were made so welcome - nothing was too much trouble. All the staff were so helpful and pleasant, particularly the porters, front desk and bar staff. One small negative was that our room was on the small side. However this was more than made up for with the wonderful comfortable bed, a duvet instead of the usual sheets and blankets, the wonderful decoration and the small touches that the hotel had thought to add. Brilliant. Our room was located at the back of the hotel with a view over the garden full of unusual sculptures - not your usual view from a London hotel. It was also so peaceful - you would not have known you were in central London.My whole experience of this hotel was so good that I can't wait to return for another visit. I would fully recommend it to any one.	
Jan 15 2007 	A great place to stay	We stayed only one night in the Montague, the night before a professional exam in London. The staff were extremely friendly and couldn't have been more helpful. The restaurant was superb with great food and, again, lovely staff. The bar area - particularly the conservatory at the back - are great and very relaxing. The rooms are as small as you would expect from a London hotel but are not the smallest by any means, and certainly very comfortable. It had a fantastic bath and powerful shower. We had a great nights sleep and both passed our exam! Thank you very much - highly recommended.	
Jan 10 2007 	Wonderful Stay	London: The Montague On The GardensDate: 16th - 18th December 2006Reviewer: Trip Advisor Member: Suffolk, UKThis is a true gem of a hotel, being close to the British Museum and the theatres in Covent Garden. Bloomsbury is a lovely area with a variety of small bookshops to browse in or the larger stores of Oxford Street are very close. It also makes a great base for a walking tour of London. The room we stayed in was well decorated, clean and very quiet which is a bonus for London. We had a cooked breakfast which was hearty and really set you up for the day. The staff are all extremely helpful and polite and really help to make your stay a wonderful experience. I hope to return to The Montague Hotel in the future.	
Dec 18 2006	wonderful hotel	We had a wonderful stay at the Montague. The staff were really friendly, nothing was too much trouble. The room (we were upgraded) was beautiful and immaculately clean. I am surprised that this is a 4 star hotel, I think it deserves to be a 5 star. It is much more intimate than some of the larger hotels but with all the facilities you could wish for. The concierge Alan was very helpful and gave us lots of useful information to help us get around and make the most of our stay in London. I would definitely return.	
Nov 30 2006 	Great relaxed hotel!	My wife, mother in law &amp; I stayed here for one night on a theatre break. Basically I cannot really fault this hotel, Right from the welcoming reception area to the tastefully decorated rooms it was superb. What really makes it extra special compared to a lot of hotels in London though is the friendliness of the staff - they could not do enough for us!. Breakfast was also great with an excellent choice located in a lovely dining area. Please keep up the standard!	
Nov 27 2006 	A fine experience at the Montague	We spent the Thanksgiving holiday in this well-appointed hotel. It didn't start off all too smoothly - we were given a very small room facilitated with a king-size four-post bed, large round table, which practically left us no room to turn around. We had to request a room change the second day and our request was accomodated right away. Our package included an evening canape service every day, but it never arrived for all three evenings without us having to call and ask for it. The receptionist was very apologetic, but the communication with kitchen apparently broke down somewhere.A list of pros and cons:Pro: 1. the Bloomsbury rooms were exquisitely decorated, with fabric paneling, high ceiling and all the details that support it to be a 4-star hotel2. the common areas (lobby, conservatory and lounge) were fabulously decored3. the shower was absolutely one of a kind4. hotel staff were friendly and helpful. When they learned about our bad experience with the canape, they gave us drink vouchers as compensation5. dinner at Blue Bistro restaurant was quite satisfying, even with the limited Thanksgiving menu, it was surprisingly good. Con:1. both rooms we were in, the shower doors did not close properly, so the bathroom easily flooded after two people taking normal-length shower2. room service delivering canape can be a trying experience, day after day3. the king-bedded bloomsbury rooms were quite small, so avoid the four-post bed if you can.Overall, the hotel is very well situated with a short walk to both the tube stations (Russell Square and Holborn), and literally in the backyard of the British museum.	
Nov 18 2006	wonderful staff at Montague	This hotel deserves all the good reviews.The lavish decor may not be to every taste but it is very clean, very comfortable; my smallish ground floor room had a large bathroom,plenty of stoage space, thoughtful extras like bottles of water. But the main noticeable feature is the staff, as others have said-they are fantastic. Welcoming, friendly, helpful, but not obsequious or fawning. The restaurant manager went out of his way to help us out and the concierge was always to hand when needed.Full marks. What is more, a bit of a bargain (in London's expensive terms)at 169 inc tax for a double including breakfast in such a great location.	
Nov 11 2006 	one of my best hotel experiences	I recently stayed at the Hotel Montague on the Gardens. From the moment I arrived, until my departure three days later, the entire experience was excellent in every way. My room was charming, with every detail attended to, including tea and coffee service en chambre. The bathroom was spotlessly clean, and modern. The staff was particularly warm, friendly, and accomodating. There is a charming in-house pub, with a terrace overlooking the gardens. The hotel is on a very quiet and residential street, a few blocks from Russell Square and around the corner from the British Museum. Despite this, there were never more than a few people on the street, and the setting was generally quiet and tranquil. I recommend this hotel without any qualifications whatsoever. I would definitely plan to stay there again the next time I am in london. m.b.	
Nov 4 2006 	Nice hotel with smokey lobby	Nice hotel in a safe quiet neighborhood across the street from the British Museum. I discovered a reasonably safe route to Regent's Park for running, but I found walking and running in London to be frightening experiences due to the unfamiliar direction of traffic flow and confusing intersections. Our Deluxe King room was rather cramped, but nicely appointed with a nice garden view. The glass shower door was very difficult to operate, and we have softer bath towels from Target at home. Staff was numerous, helpful and attentive. We arrived at 10AM and greatly appreciated the use of a small guest room to freshen up and store our bags until our room was ready at noon. The hotel's restaurants were very expensive, but we found several reasonably priced cafes nearby. We found the sitting area off the lobby unusable due to the high concentration of cigarette smoke. The smoke drifted into the lobby at times. Hotel was 2 blocks from Russell Square underground station, a reasonable walk to theaters and Trafalgar Square, but somewhat remote from Westminster and Kensington. Free red delicious apples are available at the registration desk	
Oct 31 2006 	Utterley Charming	We stayed at The Montague for 2 nights in October 2006 and I can't wait to stay there again! It's a small intimate boutique hotel and is absolutley charming. The decor is stunning, the rooms are immaculate and the service is fabulous, infact we were treated so beautifully that you would think there were no other guests staying at the hotel!. The breakfast is excellent, full english or continental all available, with very attentive waiting staff and a fantastic restaurant manager, who would breathe for you if he could. This also goes for the reception staff, housekeeping, concierge and porters, all extremely well mannered, polite and very very pleasant.Just wish there were hotels like this everywhere, I would never stay anywhere else!.	
Oct 29 2006 	Wonderful stay	We stayed here for 4 nights in early September - one of the Bloomsbury Suites for a special anniversary - and were not disappointed. The suite was well appointed and clean with both a large bathroom and a walk-in closet. It was also non-smoking - an important consideration in our choice of hotel. The hotel has an excellent location for exploring London - which is what we did. Note: By North American standards the suites would be considered small. In addition, our suite also had air conditioning, which worked properly - perhaps unusual for London - and this was very welcome since the weather was warmer than normal.We found the hotel staff attentive and very helpful; especially when we arrived prior to normal check-in, and on our departure when an early morning taxi was required. We used room service on a couple of occasions and found both the service and food excellent - including actually removing the trays afterwards. One night we ate in the hotel restaurant - and again both the food and service were excellent. We did not take breakfast in the hotel, since there are a number of local cafes in the vicinity, which open early and offer a variety of breakfast options at a more reasonable price.The only downside - is that the hotel still allows smoking in the lobby and ground-floor reception area - and although a nuisance, it surprisingly didn’t bother us too much. On the plus side, we were pleased with the fact that the restaurant was non-smoking.Finding a decent hotel in London is always tricky, but it this case, we have warm memories of an very enjoyable stay. By London and UK standards - for the level of comfort and service - I would say the price was reasonable. Would we consider staying here again - definitely.	
Oct 27 2006 	wonderful experience	Sounds like some people have had mixed experience, but mine was wonderful. I arrived early, and they had a room ready within 20 minutes. The room was small, but nicely appointed, very clean. Bed was very comfortable. I found service to be exceptional (contrary to some), with individuals remembering my name, room number, and previous orders. It was all very very pleasant.	
Oct 17 2006 	Chintzy but Charming!	Have to agree with most on here and post another very positive report about The Montague! I have stayed at the sister hotel The Chesterfield Mayfair and found that slightly superior but that's reflected in the price. This hotel is good value (especially if you get the weekend deal including breakfast and free bottle of champagne).I guess like all hotels, room sizes do vary but i have no complaint about the size of our room. We had a twin and though the bathroom wasn't huge the bedroom itself was a decent size with a sofa at one end of the room. Rooms were a bit on the chintzy side and i think are probably more to my parents liking than mine but good nonetheless. Our room faced onto the road and was double glazed though the road itself is very quiet for central London.We had breakfast at the hotel and ordered room service one evening (or should i say early one morning!). Food was lovely on every occasion though the hot buffet was not checked and subsequently topped up, often enough on the Sunday morning - i got the feeling they were a little understaffed. The young lady supervising on Monday morning ran the restaurant like clockwork and service was very attentive that morning, full buffet available at all times.A good place to stay in central London and the kind of place i would happily book for my parents, knowing they'd feel very comfortable here.	
Oct 14 2006 	excellent	This is truly the one of the nicest little gems in London. I was really surprised and pleased with the service. If you want indvidual, one2one and personal service i strongly recommend to go to stay there. It felt like i am staying in a smaller and more intimate Claridge's. Oh, and if you want to bring your dog, she or he will be treated like you and there is park right next to the hotel for them to walk. I really believe The Montague on the gardens is the only hotel that allows your dog to stay and even have menue specially for them. Hope to see you all there guys and don't forget to try their afternoon tea!!!	
Oct 12 2006 	A Gem in the heart of London	As a regular visitor to London on buisness finding a hotel like the Montague has been a real boon.Tucked away by the British museum it's feels like a pleasant backwater but is only minutes from the tube at Holborn and only 10minutes from the theatre district on foot .The rooms, although small are well presented and very comfortable and the bathrooms are all to a high standard with buckets of hot water day and night.The staff are friendly and helpful and the adjoining resturant has a great menu.lThere's even a free drink voucher for each night of your stay, most welcoming after a long day. Highly recommended, keep up the good work.Alex.	
Oct 6 2006	Great little hotel	When we arrived at the Montague on the Gardens, we were under the impression we had booked a Bloomsbury room (one of the nice new renovated ones) with Champagne in the room. Unfirtunately this was not the case, and I must say the efforts of the reception staff to find an upgraded room were absolutely top notch. We were given the choice of 4 individually decorated rooms before settling on the one we'd stay in for the weekend.Rooms were top quality and the bed incredibly comfy. What more can you ask. The only minor quibble we had with the place was with Breakfast time. A word of advice to all - if you want anything other than scrambled eggs, make your order well in advance. We waited half an hour on both days for a fried egg, which by the time it arrived we were both looking at our watches wondering if we'd make or miss our trips out!Overall, very nice hotel but I suppose you have to stay in one of the refurbished rooms to make it special.	
Oct 5 2006 	Staff were fantastic!	Stayed there as we had a wedding to go to and thought we would make a weekend of it. Hotel is in a great location - right opposite British museum. Rooms were very clean and although small, were a good change to the normal bland hotel rooms, (if you can get a bloomsbury room - much better) But the thing that makes this hotel stand out is the staff. They were charming and helpful in every way. A shocker for central london!! I would def recommend this hotel. I had an excellent time there. Breakfast was good too. I got a really good deal for two nights inc breakfast and a bottle of champagne that they brought to the room when we were ready for it. Cool!!! Had room service for lunch and was amazing good value!! and tasted nice!! I am def going to stay there again.	
Sep 26 2006 	Never again	I booked this boutique hotel for our &quot;trip of a lifetime&quot; to London. I made our reservation in June for a stay in September. I had written confirmation of our stay there. When we arrived on the appointed day they informed us that they had &quot;overbooked&quot; a group and would not be able to accomodate us.We were assured by the reception manager at the hotel that we had an upgraded room at a chain hotel close by which included breakfast. We were whisked into a taxi before we knew what was happening.Ten minutes later we arrived at the &quot;chain hotel&quot; (not very close by). They had no idea that we were to be booked there. Furthermore, there were no upgrades available, and of course, breakfast was not included. All in all, it was a humiliating experience and ruined our first two days in London.	
Sep 18 2006 	Superb 'Notting Hill' like setting sitting on the terrace. We love this hotel.	We stayed the night after upgrading our room to a suite which was a great move. The room was superb and so was the service and helpfulness and politeness of all the staff. The only problem we encountered (the first time we've ever complained about our favourite hotel) was that room service was very late and the food was cold by the time it reached us. But only a minor blip in an otherwise unblemished fourth/fifth visit, and yes, we will return.Mark, Bromley, Kent	
Sep 16 2006 	Great Location Nice Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Monatgue for five nights at the beginning of September 2006. Our flight arrived early, and we were at the hotel in the morning. We asked the front desk if they could hold our bags until check in time, and they agreed, but told us to have a seat to see if they could find us a room immediately. They let us check in almost 5 hours early, at no cost to us. After a long flight, this was great news.I have read many reviews concerning the size of the rooms. We had room 319, and it was very nice, and we had plenty of room. Everything was well maintained and clean. The location of the hotel is great, the Brtish museum is just around the corner. The Russel Square tube station is less than 10 minutes away. The Bloomsbury neighborhood is great, we were very happy with the location. The food and drinks at the hotel were a little high priced, but there are many good restaurants within walking distance. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, I would stay at the Montague again.	
Aug 21 2006 	Great Location 	Yes our room was small. Very small. But it was still quite comfortable and for under $200 US a great bargain. (we needed three rooms). I believe that we could have had something larger for a bit more.Very friendly and helpful staff.Excellent location right across the street from the British Museum. Walking distance to Soho and Covent Garden.	
Aug 18 2006	Don't be palmed off with a boxroom	The hotel is OK but isn't really worth the praise lavished upon it by previous reviewers.I have stayed there on numerous occassions and what you have to do is make sure you get a descent sized room as they vary a great deal in size. In some of the so-called King size Exective rooms, you have to pole-vault over the end of the bed to get in it, the room is so small. If you are the typical size american, you wouldn't even get in the room!	
Aug 7 2006 	Best service in London	This is the second time I have stayed at the Montague and after 25 years of staying in various London hotels, this is one I will come back to time and time again.Above all, the staff are attentive, courteous and polite - the bar staff always remember exactly which drinks you ordered the night before. My uncle ordered spring rolls for lunch and they arrived containing peppers to which he has an allergy. Immediately the waitress offered to change the order with no fuss and no extra charge.The street in which the Montague is located is quiet generally and for museum buffs it is just 100 yards from the British Museum. Covent Garden is a walk away - a must for Sunday lunch where one can sit and listen to opera, classical music or wathc knife throwing !Standard rooms at the Montague can be a little small compared to provincial or country hotels, but very well decorated and contain everything one needs. Suites are larger of course and overlook the gardens at the back.I have no need to stay in any other London hotel again - I have found my gem!	
Aug 4 2006 	Wonderful stay	The Montague lived up to the reviews I had read on this site before booking. The location was perfect, right by the British Museum and a short walk Russel Sq tube station. Our room was smallish as I expected, but very comfortable. Triple glazed windows, the comfiest bed of our trip, bath robes, beautiful bathroom and accessories. The concierge were so helpful, suggesting places to go, restaurants, planning out a walking tour of London with some different sights as we had been to London before. I would definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to anyone. There are several hotels on this road and they all looked good as we walked by, so you might want to check out their websites too if you search on the street address.	
Aug 1 2006 	# 1 hotel for service	At the end of our Trafalgar tour we moved from the Hilton Olympia to the Montague and are we glad we did! The Montague was perfect with service that made us feel like royalty. The brekfast was wonderful but after 2 weeks of English breakfasts we decided to order from the menu and were not charged. The lounge was very relaxing and the piano player sang and played great jazz tunes. The location was perfect to walk back from Covent Gardens or a play at the theater at night feeling safe. This hotel is close to all the things you want to see but is on a quiet side street facing the British Museum. Can't wait to return!!	
Jul 21 2006	Montague on the Gardens is suberb!	This totally charming, immaculately maintained, quintessentially British hotel is located in the heart of Bloomsbury, the literary heart of London..It is around the corner from the British Museum..It is on a quiet street (likely the quietest street in London) right off Russell Square (within walking distance to the British Library, Covent Garden, Soho, Oxford Street, University of London colleges, and the West End theatres)..Beautiful, quiet, charming boutique hotel..Overlooks the Duke of Bedford’s private garden..Russell Square tube station is a 4-minute walk..Excellent service..Immaculately clean; they even scrub the skylights daily.Rooms are virtually soundproof..The restaurants are delightful..Rooms are lovely, comfortable, and most are large by London standards.We visit the city 5-6 times a year for business and pleasure, and we will be making this our London &quot;home&quot; from now on.	
Jun 29 2006	What a great hotel!!	We have just returned from a weekend stay at The Montague. It is in an ideal position and just round the corner from the British Museum. The staff are extremely helpful and seem genuinely cheeful - it was made better as we were informed our rooms were upgraded to suites!! The breakfast was lovely and the bar and outside areas are all decorated beautifully. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it to anyone who is thinking of staying at The Montague.	
Jun 5 2006	Very nice	I thought it was very nice. Clean, comfortable, good condition, very convenient (across street from the British Museum), with easy walking to Charing Cross, Westminster/Whitehall sites. I had a single room, which was pretty small (just enough to lay the suitcase down on its side next to the bed) but very comfortable and cheerful (floral decorations). Good quality linens, bath soaps, etc. Staff is very helpful. Pleasant common rooms. The restaurant looks good but is rather pricey, so I didn't eat there because there are so many yummy take away places along Shaftesbury. For US travelers, it turns out to be on the expensive side, so if you are looking for the absolute cheapest housing, this may not be for you (although there are specials at the red carnation hotel web site) but if like me you were concerned by photos and web reviews about what even $150/night hotels were going to be like and wanted something pleasant within walking distance of many things you want to visit, you might like this. The area is nice - of course you should use caution anywhere, but as a single woman I would walk back there at 10-10:30 at night with no problems. I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Jun 2 2006	Attention to Detail	We have just returned from a six night stay at the Montague, which is a very pretty, very well-located country style hotel. Throughout our stay, I was impressed by the staff's attention to detail, from the welcoming bowl of apples on the front desk, to the bottled water in the room, to the comfy robes and slippers provided for our use, to the uniform cheerfulness and helpfulness of the staff. We were upgraded to a junior suite which overlooked the quiet private garden. The room by London standards was huge, and priced very fairly. The bed was extremely comfortable. It was just a short walk through green and lovely Russell Square to the Piccadilly line with easy connections to anywhere in London. We also enjoyed the cozy bar, which was the perfect place to unwind with a drink after a long day. I have stayed in other properties owned by Red Carnation including the Rubens and the Chesterfield, and I think this was my favorite.	
May 8 2006	Wonderful Choice!	If you want a romantic stay in London this should be your choice! My husband and I spend five nights in London and I wanted a romantic well situated hotel where we could walk to most everything we wanted to see. This was the perfect choice. Upon our arrival the staff were friendly and welcoming, they had upgraded us to a suite which was a wonderful surprise plus although we had arrived at 7am after a night flight the room was ready for us.The room itself was beautiful and clean and everything I could have hoped for (the shower has to be seen to be believed!). We spent the days walking to everything we wanted to see and when we returned the staff were more than helpful with any questions we had about sights, restaurants and booking shows. On one occasion I had called down to the front desk for a few extra bottles of water and whomever brought them up must have run as they arrived at the door two minutes after I had hung up the phone. Needless to say the service in this hotel is excellent.Do yourself a favor and stay at this hotel, you won't be sorry. We'll be back the next time we're in London.	
May 4 2006	The best of times the worst of times	When we checked out of this hotel, we couldn't have been happier with our experience. The rooms were very pleasant (yes, a little small, but most are in London) everyone of the staff extremely personable and helpful, bountiful and tasty breakfast and great location. A perfect stay until a troubling little episode regarding a missing bag.We were a group of eight family members staying in 4 rooms. On the day of our checkout I tipped the bellman approximately $18 to collect the luggage in the 4 rooms at 10:00 AM and hold them until our private coach arrived at 12:45 PM while we did a quick visit to the British Museum just next door. We came back at 12:30 PM and confirmed all our bags were present and grouped together in the lobby. When our transportation arrived, we moved to collect our bags and load them on the bus, but the bellman insisted on doing it for us. On arrival at Oxford, we retrieved the luggage to find my husband's bag missing. When I called the hotel to explain the situation, they took no responsibility for the problem and said we could have it shipped by courrier to Oxford at our expense of about $150. I explained again that I confirmed that the bag was with the others 15 minutes prior to departure and the gentleman (Mustafa) said that they had asked everyone if it was their bag and no one claimed it. In reality, they asked only 2 members of our party of 8, &quot;Is this your bag&quot; not &quot;Do you know who's bag this is&quot;, which is irrellevent since the bellman had collected all the bags from the rooms and should have known what room it was collected from. After about an hour of intense, but polite, blood-pressure rising discussion, Mustafa said he would call me back again. He did shortly and said very politely I would have the bag within the next two hours. I thanked him warmly and he responded &quot;It's no trouble at all&quot;. What just happened here??? In the long run, would I stay here again? Yes. Would I recommend the hotel? Yes. All eight of us were enthralled with the place until &quot;the incident&quot; and they settled the problem fairly in the end.	
Apr 24 2006	loved the montague on he gardenslondon england	a couple from maryland, we have recently spent six wonderful days in london. one of the highlights of our trip was our stay at the montague on the gardens hotel. from the moment we entered the hotel we were greeted with courtesy and exceptional care. the suite we occupied was comfortable and very clean. the service was exceptional. the help we receive planning our travels throughout london was also exceptional. we also enjoyed the service and the food at the english breakfast table. i would recommend this hotel without exception. also the location is delightful-close enough to the action but also a quiet residential area with lovely squares filled with gardens in full bloom. if you are you lucky enogh to stay there we know you&quot;ll truly enjoy the wonderful hosptiality.	
Apr 22 2006	Everything is Relative	The Montague is nice, relative to it's price and location. It is a small, well-kepthotel but the rooms are quite small, so do not expect to spend much time in themunless you are used to cramped quarters. I got a good price over the Internetbut had to upgrade immediately since the tiny room did not allow me to move.Even the upgrade gave me barely enough room to sit in a chair next to the bed. Thenicest rooms cost as much as large, full service hotels. If you want small andpersonal, the Montague is good; but don't compare it to the grander hotels.	
Mar 27 2006	A Sumptuous Treat	Step into the lobby of the Montague and you are instantly transported into another era. A quintessentially British hotel, oozing understated charm and elegance. A sense of calm emenates from the black &amp; white toile fabric walls &amp; tentlike ceiling of the lobby, teasing the eyes to peek into the next parlor and go exploring. And what a treat awaits you there. Long heavy floral drapes, dripping with fringe and tassels, and an elegant fireplace, it couldn't be cozier. A beatiful rack of painted teapots just adds to the feeling of warmth. We stayed in a deluxe king room which was large (with desk &amp; chair, armoire) and very decent sized bathroom. Our window looked out on the lovely little garden. We also stayed at the Montague the following week, in Room 110 of their special Bloomsbury Rooms. The walls were covered in gorgeous red fabric which was repeated in the long drapes hanging from the 12ft ceiling. This room was considerably smaller, but completely functional, desk &amp; chair and a comfy velvet covered large chair in the corner. The bathroom was the essence of functionality, with a high counter built in around two walls, marble tiles, and a rainhead shower. The Montague has several areas to relax in, including a sunroom lounge and a nice bar lounge that served decent enough drinks. The staff was exceedingly helpful, the maid service completely unintrusive and hidden and the front desk answered our questions quickly and with genuine interest. As for the location, I don't think you can go wrong being across the street from the side of the British Museum, a 5 min. walk to Oxford Street, a 15 min. walk to Trafalgar Square and lots of pubs and restaurants in the Bloomsbury neighborhood. Simply wonderful.	
Mar 20 2006	Wonderful service lovely hotel	I wanted to take my father to London to celebrate his 80th birthday as he had never been there before, and wanted to treat him to a bit of luxury whilst we were there. Two single rooms at the weekend cost £99 each for bed and breakfast and whilst the rooms were compact, they had everything that you need and were spotlessly clean. The staff couldn't have done more to help and were very polite. We ate our evening meal in the hotel which was good, although helpings weren't huge. Breakfast was all you would expect it to be. Hotel is very central for getting around London - would definitely stay there again. Dad absolutely loved it!!	
Mar 2 2006	Great location and very relaxing hotel	Nice location just off Russel Square. Piano bar and breakfast room were great. The breakfast and drinks are expensive though, but you can get good last minute deals on this hotel and at such prices that represents great value. The rooms I syaed in (I have been a few times) were somewhat variable, but all in all this is a very nice small hotel.	
Feb 25 2006	A great boutique hotel	As a &quot;first timer&quot; in London prior to this trip, I wanted a place that would be secure and safe to walk at night. I wanted a quieter area of London but close enough to the attractions I wanted to see. I chose this hotel because it caters to the female traveler who travels alone by providing extra locks as well as female maids and room service servers. This hotel is a &quot;gem&quot; and I will stay here again when I return to London in the future.The Montague on the Garden is an intimate boutique hotel rated Four-Star Deluxe by the RAC and AA. Five Crown Silver Award from the English Tourist Board. It Overlooks a secluded garden square including a private conservatory. Guests can walk to Covent Garden, the West End theatres as well the British Museum which is located across the street from the hotel.I had a superior double room which looked out over a lovely garden. The bed was very comfortable, the temperature gauge kept the room at a constant temperature, the towels in the bathroom were thick, and thirsty. Many amenities included an in room safe, web tv (this was a bit difficult to see as the resolution was poor and it was a bit pricey at 7.00 bps for one hour of use), mineral water, a blow dryer, an iron and a trouser press, and very nice bathrobes to use during your stay. Excellent room service as well.There is a sitting room on the ground floor where one may entertain guests which I did on 3 separate occasions. There were no glares or stares from the staff as a matter of fact, Mustapha the concierge, stepped forward to snap a picture or two for us. It was just like entertaining in my home. The staff is most competent and polite, they go out of the way to assist in making your stay a memorable one.Another unique item that this hotel provided for the room which I have never seen before, was a full compliment of business implements such as scotch tape, a stapler, a pair of scissors, paper clips as well as plain envelopes, pens and pencils. This came in so handy when I had to wrap a gift or two!The Montague has a very lovely high tea for a reasonable price, which rivals many upscale places that offer a high tea in London, they also have the Blue Door Bistro restaurant where you can have dinner at the Chef's table in the kitchen! Now how cool is that?	
Jan 29 2006	Good value for money	Chose this hotel on basis of generally favourable reviews, location and price and was not disappointed. Friendly efficient service, clean, well decorated and up to date rooms and bathrooms (contrary to the previous review, normal TV is free - sad state of affairs if the absence of a free music channel means that you are disappointed). Yes, the rooms are not the largest but they do the job. The breakfast was fine, and the bar has a warm atmosphere.Location is excellent - relatively quiet but easy walking distance to tube and centre of town.	
Jan 8 2006 	just good location	Just a &lt;pretending to be&gt; 4 stars hotel or &lt;used to be&gt; . Good service but not so exeptional as it would be expected ;the &lt; DE LUXE &gt; so called double room was SO small and narrow ( so I just can guess what a normal double IS ), no fridge and no free music / tv..u have 2 pay 4 all and prices r quite high. Consumpted sheets and really not comfortable bed plus some noise coming from a somewhere hidden fan that disturbes all the nite and cannot be switched off. The window could be opened just some 20 ctrs..BTW the room is clean and the room service is fast . No electric adaptors so bring it with you. the right price per nite should be £50 .	
Dec 31 2005	Lovely Hotel - would highly recommend and stay again	Upon check-in we were advised that we had been upgraded to a Deluxe room, facing the gardens. As the door to the room opened we were surprised to see a staircase, this gave the room a great feeling of space, so we were very pleased with it after reading reviews about small rooms.The hotel cannot be faulted for service or cleanliness. The opulent decor made it feel that little bit special.There was no traffic noise due to staying in a garden facing room - you would not know you were in the centre of London.We would highly recommend this hotel and definately stay there on our next trip to London.	
Dec 16 2005	Exactly as expected	I had read several previous reviews so I was prepared for the room sizes. Yes the king size room was small but very comfortable and clean. We had a garden room which was also very quiet. The hotel is well staffed, efficient and courteous. The location - superb. Good restaurants, theater and shopping all within walking distance. We'll be back.	
Dec 15 2005	A real find	The Montague on the Gardens Hotel is a truly lovely hotel.The service is wonderful - everyone is so friendly and welcoming. The ambience is great - especially in the evenings (very cosy atmosphere).The location is ideal too - being very close to The British Museum, Covent Garden and Oxford Street. By the way, check out the Christmas decorations outside the hotel - you can't fail to be dazed by their splendour.	
Dec 1 2005	Nice but rooms are tiny	This hotel was okay for my husband and I. It was pricey for the size of the room. The room we had was so small but they had crammed a king sized bed into it. We literally had to crawl across the bed to get around one another. The room we had was all black and white, very modern. The pillows were awful, my neck hurt for days afterwards. The nice touch was that it was very clean. The tub was nice and deep and the shower came down like rain from the ceiling. Plus since it was our anniversary they brought us champagne and truffles, which was very nice. Otherwise I would not stay again, for the price, you can find much better places in London. And though we were only in our room to sleep and sometimes take a break, it was frustrating to deal with the small size.	
Nov 29 2005	Wonderful Hotel	This hotel was very clean, the staff was helpful and friendly. This should be a 5 star hotel. I got there early and I was very ill, and they had my room ready, all my luggage in my room in a matter of minutes. The staff totally went out of their way to help me answer questions. Hot water in the shower, great room service. The resturant's in the hotel were excellent, great food ! Afternoon tea was really good too ! This was my first trip to London and this hotel made my visit easy. I will go back there when I return. The decor was very cozy and nice too .	
Nov 29 2005	a must for 4 stars hotels lover	This hotel is a MUST in LONDON!AND the breakfast is a DELIGHT!classy and excelent service!will certainly come back!	
Nov 26 2005	Fourteen years of outstanding stays	I stay regularly on business and now bring many of the senior staff from our European and US operations here. Lovely boutique style and the most helpful of staff. Bedrooms are good (I must have tried almost all of them) and very clean. Impressive that even the &quot;back room&quot; staff greet you warmly, genuinely want to help and know their job.Good menu, but when I want something else (e.g. &quot;Could I just have an omellette in my room, and an Orange for dessert&quot;) then they simply oblige.Fourteen years so far --- and I hope that I shall continue.	
Nov 25 2005	not bad	We stayed for three nights on our first trip to London. We got a very reasonable rate through expedia. We have only one negative comment, and that is the staff exerts a lot of pressure on guests to spend more money at the hotel. We were on a budget and that should have been clear to the desk staff. Still she went on and on about available upgrades for only $75 more per night, etc. We were tired after traveling from Paris and we wanted to rest and get started on seeing the city. After we rejected the upgrades, she started in on the dining options and offered to make reservations and offered paper delivery for a fee. Overall I got the sense that budget travelers are not welcomed. Even the door staff seemed disturbed that we did not want them to call a taxi. My advice to this hotel is to not make discount rates available on expedia and other booking agents.The positives: Really nice little room with a good bed and decorations that my wife adored. The location is fantastic. We walked almost everywhere: British museum, Covent Gardens, Soho, Chinatown, Trafalgar and Piccadilly squares. The tube is not that far away if you need it. The neighborhood was very pleasant and non touristy. It was a great place to retreat each night. I am not sure we would stay in this hotel again, but we would stay in this neighborhood.	
Nov 8 2005 	Average	I stayed at the Montague for a business trip in August 2005. When I arrived in the evening I had a reservation for a quiet double room facing the garden in one of the upper floors. What I got was a tiny double room facing the street on the ground floor!! It took me 40 minutes in the middle of the night to get an appropriate room. The room itself was well equipped and the size was ok for me as I was travelling alone. Unfortunately, the room was not as quiet as I hoped for. Despite the fact that it was facing the garden there was some disturbing noise from the a/c outside the windows. The room-maids as well as the staff at the desk was very unfriendly - maybe because I am too young-looking for them. Just the concierge who was on charge when I arrived was very friendly and helful.	
Oct 15 2005	A Real Gem	Once again we had a wonderful stay at the Montague – it is our kind of hotel. Our suite, the Duchess, was charming – even better than the promotional picture. For over a week we felt like we lived in London. This was our second stay at this hotel. Four years ago we could only stay in the most economical room, which is a small as most of the reviewers note. However, now we could afford this lovely suite – at it is worth it. In general Bloomsbury is noted for its tourist class hotels. Thus, the Montague may be overlooked and consequently a bargain. The tourist hotels are further to the north away from the Montague. The Montague is perfectly situated to the theatres of Soho without the noise of the theatre district. It is on a quite street; the back rooms are on a private garden. It has the best combination of location (to theatre) and location (quite residential.)We’ve stayed at other boutique hotels. The better rooms at the Montague are worthy of this class. The smaller rooms give you the location and good service. All the rooms are lovely and individually decorated in a distinctive London &quot;traditional&quot; style.	
Oct 11 2005	The Montague on The Gardens is 'almost perfect in every way'	We had a wonderful six day stay at The Montague on the Gardens. The location could not have been better: just across from the British Museum and within easy walking distance to the theatre district, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square and more. It is also located on a less-trafficked street, so noise was never an issue. The room was beautifully decorated and had all the amenities (hair dryer, cushy bathrobes, internet access). While the bathroom was nice and roomy the room itself was a bit small. This was not an issue for us since we were so busy experiencing London! The service was excellent; everyone was willing and able to help with any request in a typical non-pushy English way. We had a quick bite to eat there before the theatre one night which was excellent. Like Mary Poppins, it is &quot;almost perfect in every way&quot;.	
Sep 16 2005	Absolutely Fabulous!!!	Absolutely the best stay ever! We couldn't have wanted for anything! The staff were so helpful and pleasant and the hotel looked top notch! The food was even excellent in the restaurants! We were there during the terror bombings, so things could have gone haywire. But our staff was still as professional as always and helped people off the streets to call loved ones and wash up in the W.C. I would go there again and again if I could afford to. It was simply magnificent!!	
Sep 16 2005	Great experience from beginning to end	We expected a small room based on the previous reviews and friends advice who had travelled to Europe. We were pleasantly suprised at a room with plenty of space and very nicely decorated.Service was fantastic from the front desk, concierge staff, housekeeping and lounge staff. The food was very good but expensive. Although high tea was reasonable compared to the usual tourist traps.The location was perfect for our taste, on a fairly quiet street in the University area. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2005	Nice Hotel	Much of the previous reviews were on target, but here is my well traveled rating:Location: Very Good, close to the British Museum and Covenant Garden. B+Rooms: VERY Small, bed was semi-comfortable. Bathroom was nice. Very clean. B-Food: Excellent, but expensive. But hey, so is everything else in London. BStaff: Nice, and VERY helpful. A+Overall, for the money I would say this is a solid hotel, but not excellent. I would stay there again, but would most likely try another place just to get a different flavor. I know a lot of people also go to Paris from London and we stayed in the Hotel Therese there and we enjoyed it greatly.	
Aug 25 2005	Lovely	We loved our stay at the Montague. The service, presentation and accomodation well exceeded our expectations! Our room was beautiful--complete with a little couch, king size bed (COMFY!), and spacious bathroom. The robes &amp; bottled water were a nice touch after a tiring flight from Heathrow.The British Museum was in walking distance---as is the bus station that takes you all over London. We enjoyed the hot buffet breakfast every morning, and would recommend it if it is included in the price of your room---for a little extra. Dinner was fine, but there are better options locally. (A great little greek restaurant in a beautiful courtyard about a block from the museum...)The staff is predominantly French---some language barriers. But, they attended to our every need. We couldn't have been happier.	
Aug 8 2005 	Not a business hotel!	I stayed at the Montague for a week on a business trip. I'd expected from reading the reviews that &quot;internet service in the rooms&quot; meant broadband. A poor and costly assumption. I should know better from business tripping my way through London for some time, that finding reasonable broadband for under a small fortune a night is rare...but I didn't call and double check. They say they're getting in-room broadband at the end of August...but I'd call if I were you. Also, you should ask about charges. Some say there is a flat charge (10 pounds or so) per 24 hr period...but that often means a SINGLE CONNECTION. So if you connect and disconnect seval times through the day (going out to a meeting as an example and returning later), you could get hit with a 2nd or 3rd charge in one day. So, I spent every waking hour that I wasn't at a meeting at a very conviently located Starbucks right across form the entrance to the Museum. 30 pounds for unlimited access for 7 days. A very fair sum...but unfortunate that I paid quite a lot of money for a room in a lovely hotel and essentially did nothing there but sleep. The hotel bar/restaurants are quite good, but EXPENSIVE...even by London standards. The staff were spectacular. The only issue I had at all was with the waiters in the bar. They seemed really stuffy, and not having much fun. Relax, guys...and your tips will improve! I only hope that soon the facilities and prices give the front of the house and service staff a more reasonable property to have such pride in. I won't be back until I'm confident of he broadband status, and can afford a larger room. While clean and nicely decorated, it was TINY!	
Jul 31 2005	My mother had a wonderful stay.	After reading through many reviews of London hotels, I booked four nights at the Montague for my 74 years old mother who was traveling alone. Because of her age and health conditiuons, and also of her limited English, I had some concerns, so I sent an e-mail to the hotel one day before her arrival, asking to make sure that she could get a quiet non-smoking garden-view room, and also to talke extra good care of her. I did not really expect reply to my e-mail, but the Concierge, Mr. Alan Frangleton, not only sent me a reaply e-mail assuring that he would take extra good care of my mother, but also sent me a follow-up e-mail after my mother's departure. I was impressed.  My mother says Mr. Frangleton did take care of her personally, and that it was quite a cultural experience to be treated like a upper-class English lady by Mr. Frangleton. He struck her as such a classic English butler type that she felt as if she were in a movie.Aside from being impressed by the level of service provided, my mother loved her room facing cortyard, though a little small, and the fact that the newly remodeled large bathroom had a plentiful suppy of hot water. She was also impressed by the quality and the presentation of food served at the restaurant.I would like to stay at the Montague one day myself.Yoko Miyamoto	
Jul 28 2005	Good things. . .small packages	The rooms are small. . . there, I said it. But in every other way, this is a very nice hotel. The staff is terrific, the rooms are well appointed and the air-conditioning works very well (not a given in London). The location is great, next door to the British Museum.	
Jul 13 2005	Charming hotel but get the larger rooms	We stayed at the Montague on the Gardens for four nights, pre-cruise. We arrived with typical cruise luggage, which is to say, lots of it. The hotel is in a wonderfully convenient location, just off Russell Square, a block or so from the British Museum, in easy walking distance of Russell Square, Holborn, and Euston Tube stations, and with a bus stop across the street. It would be hard to find a more accessible or central location.We booked directly with the hotel, choosing the standard queen room, Early Booking Discount, including full English breakfast for two, at 109 GBP per night, a relative bargain for central London. The hotel is made up of a series of, I believe, Georgian era townhomes which have been converted into a single hotel. There are restaurants and bar areas on the premises and pleasant public rooms. The lobby area is compact but efficient. Breakfast was tasty and plentiful, with wonderful coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice, scrambled eggs, English and American styles of bacon, fruit, cheeses, pastries, toast, sausages, and a variety of other hot items. The staff is international, and very attentive, pleasant, and eager to be helpful. We were provided with a converter to assure that our laptop computer wouldn't have any problems, as the staff wasn't sure that the simple adaptor would be sufficient to regulate the differences in the power.With all of these positives, I must add that our room was very small and very crowded. We had virtually no drawer space, and barely enough room in the closet to store our bags. There was ample closet space for hanging, but the closets were quite narrow. There was a great deal of furniture in a very small space. We had a queen bed, two night stands (each with one tiny drawer) a desk with three drawers, and a larger space which contained the set up for making tea/coffee, but no refrigeration, and which was unusable for any other kind of storage, three drawers in the desk which were occupied by the affixed hair dryer, and two huge phone books respectively. There was a small round table and two chairs jammed into the remaining space, and the tv was on top of the dresser. It was literally impossible to walk between the desk and the bed if anyone was sitting in either the chairs at the table or at the desk.The bathroom was of adequate size, although it had a tub with shower, and a rather ineffective glass shower deflector. Water sprayed around, under, and past it onto the floor, however, and it was apparent that not everyone mopped up, as there was water damage to the panelling around the tub and the sink. Robes were provided and towels and linens were of acceptable but not outstanding quality.The Montague is in such a great location, and the service is quite good. If we went back, we would go for a larger room, facing the gardens rather than the street (there was a degree of street noise) but would still go through the hotel's web site as they have wonderful specials, and also a web low price guarantee.	
Jul 12 2005	One bad apple	I had stayed at the Montague before in 2004 and had a wonderful stay. For this reason I booked this hotel when I took my elderly mother on a trip to London as a special treat she really needed after my dad had died in October and she had suffered a stroke. Our arrival was a total disaster. The room they took us to was not ready and was dark and oppressive. We asked for the room to be changed to one with more ventilation. We were told by the desk clerk he would see about this and were left in the lobby, during which time my mother was feeling quite ill after a transatlantic flight. Everything would have probably been alright if one of the senior employees had not interfered. I do not remember what fancy title he introduced himself as, some middle level manager or something, but he insisted that we take the room we did not want for reasons neither we nor anyone else at the hotel seemed to understand. This man was rude, crude and impolite. I was finally able to get us changed to a lighter, brighter room but he exacted his revenge by keeping us waiting for it for over an hour. I know the wait was unnecessary because the head of housekeeping, a very lovely woman, appeared shocked by our treatment and said she could have had the room ready in 10 minutes but that no one had informed her of the problem. I cannot imagine why ANY hotel would allow this man to work with customers. None of the staff seemed to like him and some appeared downright terrified of him. Other employees felt bad at the way we were treated and were lovely to us, but the ordeal was just too much enable us to enjoy our stay. I will NOT be back. When we returned to London we stayed at the Rubens and received wonderful treatment. I suggest going there instead of the Montegue until they sort out their management problem.	
Jun 27 2005	WOW - What a hotel!	We stayed for 3 nights in one of the Junior Suites, definatly worth the small extra charge. The room was large, as was the Bathroom. It had his and hers sinks, jacuzzi bath and a very good power shower. Each evening you get canapes and ice delivered to your room along with the evening turndown service. If you are there for business there is a fax in the room. And if you want a quite night in you have complimentary use of DVD's and CD's. The service was second to none, attentive without being &quot;in your face&quot;. The breakfast was fantastic, really set you up for the day's sightseeing. We also ate in the Chef's Table restaurant on one of the evenings. Very well looked after and the food was to die for. The only very small critism I have over the Montague was the tea and coffee tray. It was located under the TV in the cabinet with the Minibar, great for keeping it out of sight, however when you wanted a cuppa, you had to either empty the flowers and water from the side table or empty the things from the desk as there was no-where else to place the tray. The location practically just off Oxford Street was excellent. It took us just 10 minutes to walk to The Ivy and 15 to Covent Garden.	
Jun 27 2005 	Another Great Stay at the Montague	This is the first time I had stayed at the Montague as a business traveller, I normally stay at the weekends with my family. Was I treated differently? No, the welcome from reception and the concierge was as warm as ever. Check in is easy, and I was asked if I would like my luggage taken to my room. I didn't even have to ask. I was given a ground floor king size room (see pictures).The rooms are all different at the Montague - no two rooms are the same (as far as I am aware), as the shape of the hotel is unique. The room was clean and functional. My only small gripe was that if you sat in the chair at the desk/dressing table in the room I was allocated, you couldn't get out easily. There wasn't much room between the chair and the bed!My room had fresh fruit and water in it, a nice touch.The bathroom was fine, although the jacuzzi bath wasn't working, but I reallly wasn't that bothered. The shower is something else, it does tend to go over the shower screen onto the wall - be warned! but it is a good refreshing shower with plenty of hot water. My room had slippers and bathrobes...just what you need to feel relaxed after a long day.There were also an assortment of magazines to read in the room, which were up to date and also included a useful London magazine.I had room service. I ordered a chicken salad + dessert + half bottle of wine. But you can't order a half bottle of wine before 11pm. So I ordered a glass of wine instead, as there is no mini bar in the room. What actually came was a hot chicken dish looking nothing like a salad. The waiter really wanted me to have this dish, even though I hadn't ordered it, he even said he would discount it to the price of the salad. But I insisted on what I had ordered and off he went. He came back with something resembling what I had ordered, but then tried to charge me for the original dish he had brought. So I asked him to go back and return in 15 minutes with the correct bill. But the hotel were very nice about this, and although couldn't understand the confusion, did everything to put the matter right.Breakfast was leisurely. I just had continental with pastries/toast/cereal/fresh fruit/cheeses etc., it set me up for a long days meeting. The check out was as friendly as the check in...they even gave me directions to my meeting place.All in all a friendly little hotel, ideally situated not far from the tube/british museum/oxford street etc., the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and the rooms are airconditioned. Just a little attention needed to those showers!	
Jun 23 2005	Wonderful stay!	Just returned from a three nights at the Montague, and we were very pleased. Yes, the rooms are very tiny (we stayed in a standard), but the beds are extremely comfortable and the bathrooms are quite nice, in a tiny kind of way. The decore is a perfect fit for the hotel. The gardens in the back are lovely, and the bar is so very comfortable after a day of sights. The staff was very friendly, although they did try to &quot;upgrade&quot; (upcharge) our room as soon as we got there. We loved the area, very close to the tube, and easy walking distance to Covent Garden. Extremely quiet for sleeping, for which we were very thankful. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 15 2005	Excellent stay in Loverly London	I had an excellent stay at the Montague for 4 days in June. The staff was very polite and helpful - especially Mr. Vijay Singh (Yeah, he gets that all the time), and the concierge staff. Remember that a &quot;double&quot; means two people - not necessarily two beds, so confirm your arrangements before you get there. The room was about as large as can be expected outside of the states, and I agree about the shower, but using the hand-held part worked better to keep the water off of the floor. The hotel is in a great area, in that the street is very quiet; it's across from the British Museum and very close to a park, several restaurants, Soho, shopping on Oxford Ave., and the tube. The coffee/tea service (regular and decaf instant coffee, cocoa and teas) in the room is a very nice touch and the drinks in the evening are wonderful. We also had a happy hour of sorts on the Thursday evening of our trip, with excellent music and drink specials.I would definitely stay at the Montague again!	
Jun 14 2005	Just average	Inconsistency is probably the operative word with this hotel. Reading earlier reviews, one sees varying opinions on this hotel. This probably can be attributed to the fact that the small rooms vary in the degree of smallness and the fact that personnel vary in terms of friendliness and professionalism.Is IS attractive. The decor is very nice and gives one a sense of gracious old England.The rooms ARE small. Ours must have been one of the smaller ones although it did overlook the garden. We &quot;rolled&quot; with it and actually laughed a lot about how ridiculous the whole situation was. This room had a desk and a round table lined up across one wall with a cabinet closet. If one of us sat at the desk, it was necessary to get up to let the other pass. And there was absolutely NO WAY we could have used the round table, even if we'd had two chairs. And there was NO WAY to put another chair in that room. Believe me, cooperation and good humor were necessary to coexist in that room. I know European rooms are smaller, but we have traveled extensively, and I can not think of another room that approached this tiny size. And this room wasn't cheap.Inconsistency. As we waited to register, I heard another guest praising a staff member who had been gracious to him the previous day. The desk staff was stiff and unaccomodating to us. When we returned to our room at 2 pm and found it uncleaned, I called to request that it be cleaned and was rather abruptly told that they &quot;have a schedule to keep.&quot; After it was cleaned, we noticed that wash cloths, bottled water, and tea biscuits had not been replaced. A call to request these items was not graciously received, and I was also told that you only get free bottled water on the first day (two small bottles). I thought that if I paid the same price each day, I should expect the same amenities each day. Who knew? In addition, don't fall for the offer of delivering a paper to your room in the morning only to find out they charge a pound each day to do so.One of the concierges and the bellboy and breakfast waitresses were lovely and helpfulWould I stay here again? Unlikely. We chose this hotel due to its proximity to the British Museum, but there are many other hotels that probably offer you more value. Keep looking. You never know if you'll be the one to be given a room the size of a postage stamp and be treated like you are bothering the desk personnel.	
Jun 12 2005	Great Little Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Montague for 8 nights at the beginning of June. We had an excellent stay. The staff was very helpful and friendly, the housekeeping was immaculate, and the hotel is beautifully decorated. We were particularly pleased with the concierge service. The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because of the size of the rooms, but hey it's London not Oklahoma. The bathroom was very large, but the shower was sort of strange. The shower door only covered about 1/3 of the actual shower and I'm not sure how one is supposed to take a shower without getting water everywhere. Oh well. Bloomsbury is a great area to be in. The street the hotel is on is very quiet. We requested a garden room and really enjoyed it!	
Jun 1 2005	Gorgeous!	Just spent a fantastic long weekend at the Montague. From the moment we got there everything was great - I cannot praise the staff highly enough. The food was fab (especially the breakfasts!!!) and the cocktails were mixed to perfection!!A wonderful place to stay, within easy distance of tube stations, although walking is an option too!A gorgeous boutique hotel which I can highly recommend. I will be returning soon.	
May 13 2005	great things come in small packages	Put aside the postage stamp size room and luxuriate in the lovely atmosphere, remarkable staff, great location and outstanding services. My husband and I stayed at the Montague for 6 nights in late April and the atmosphere and helpful approach only enhanced our stay. Yes, the rooms are very small, not the typical 'supersize me&quot; that you may find in the US or Canada, but as long as you are willing to organize your belongings each day it really is fine. We hung most of our clothing in the ample closet and placed other items in some drawers so the suitcases could be stowed in a corner. The shower was fabulous. The exercise room and sauna were a delight after a day of walking and touring before settling on dinner. We brought along a London Zagats and each concierge was incredibly familiar with each restaurant we inquired about and made reservations on the spot asking for special attention for us at the location. In fact they were incredibly accurate about all of our questions, even the cost of a cab to Victoria station to catch the Gatwick Express early Saturday morning. I highly recommend taking the full English breakfast with your room. The bar room was so peaceful after a long day and evening and the bartenders made a point of remembering our drink preferences when we arrived. We were quite amused when we received an invitation from the manager-Andrew Pike to have breakfast with him in the &quot;Conservatory&quot; midway thru our stay. We figured they had us confused with someone else but we did an admirable job of playing the part of gracious guests. If you need internet access go to the Cybercafe on Tottenhamcourt Road just a 10 minute walk away. The hotel overcharges for the use of their computer. All in all, a lovely stay in a lovely hotel that seems to take great pride in treating their guests with respect and care. Worth the money!	
May 9 2005	pretty but	We stayed one night in April and although the hotel is very lovely and in a very good location, there were many inconsistencies . The staff was quite stuffy and impersonal and ill imformed. I was told they had upgraded my room to the newer section, but they said the bed was smaller and asked if would we like to pay 21 pounds more for a superior king. My reservation was for a king superior with a garden view. When I asked for the room I requested, I was shown two older double beds, no view and not much bigger. We stayed in the newer section in what americans would consider a queen bed. It was very elegantly furnished, new bed but very very small. You needed to turn sideways to get around the bed and just about every part of the room except the bath which was larger. The staff look anxious and nervous and the phone call immediately after you get to room is quite annoying because you haven't even looked around yet. The restaurant food and service was so disappointing and we were almost late for the theatre because of it and they did not have our taxi waiting as requested. The Concierge also told us in the morning Paddington station was open, but it was not and we had to take a taxi instead to the airport. I would recommend finding another hotel in the area.	
Apr 17 2005 	What a Great Hotel!	I staid for 5 nights and really fell in love with this hotel. I have staid in all the 5 star London hotels and next time I visit I'll head back to the Montague. It is so cozy and inviting. The rooms are a bit small but beautifully appointed and the bar and lounge areas are so welcoming that you don't feel the need to spend time in the room. Location is excellent and the service was impeccable. The Concierge was wonderful, my last visit at the Renaissance Chancery the concierge service was dreadful - it was so nice to feel so well taken care of. I look forward to my next visit to the Montague.	
Apr 14 2005 	I like it!	This was the second time I stayed in this hotel, and I liked it very much again. The best part is the very attentive and friendly staff, who make you feel very comfortable. The quiet street behind the British Museum is a good place for a hotel, not exactly in the busiest area in the town, but within walking distance to many atractions. The public spaces are cozy and to my eye very english in their style (so if your prefer modern design, this is not the place for you). The bar of the hotel has a little terrace to the garden behind the hotel.My room was small, quite decorated, bathroom was spacy enough, and everything was well kept and clean. Nevertheless, in the night one could quite clearly here the neighbours discussing and ...eh.. you know what people do in the nights. Regardless this minor problem in noice isolation I will go there again.	
Apr 3 2005	Locationlocation.	Unbeatable location in London - most of the worthwhile tourist sights are within walking distance or easy Underground access - and one of the safer areas of London to stay in. The Hotel is contained within several Georgian houses knocked together and is a bit over the top &quot;Edwardian&quot; in style. The room we had was small, but well equipped and clean. Try for a larger room at the rear overlooking the pleasant gardens. I agree with other comments about the Staff - Uriah Heap eat you're heart out! If you find a deal, as we did, including breakfast for between £50.00 - £70.00 per person a night, this represents great value in Cental London for a pleasant Hotel which is different from the blandness of the bigger chains.	
Mar 29 2005	Absolutely Wonderful!	We just spent a week at the Montague on the Gardens, and it was absolutely a wonderful experience....it was within walking distance to everything, but not in the midst of the hustle and bustle....the concierge was most accommodating...the English Breakfast was first class..(freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice....the food was terrific and they even have live music for a relaxing evening inside...we upgraded to a King room, which was very nice. If you want a top notch hotel with a London flair and all the amentities, stay there, you won't be disappointed!!!	
Mar 1 2005	Aggravating	There is nothing wrong with the Montague. It is clean and well appointed. The room and bed were comfortable. The location is unbeatable. The concierge's restaurant recommendations were OK but nothing to write home about.Why is it aggravating:- Obsequious staff. There is a fine line between providing good service and being clingy. I arrived late afternoon after walking all day. I was tired. Why was it necessary to talk my ear off and give me a full tour of the bar and other facilities when all I wanted to do was rest? Was it really necessary to call me an hour after checking in, waking me up from my nap, to ask me if &quot;everything was all right&quot;?- &quot;We upgraded you to a superior room&quot; - so why is it a third of the size of the room my parents stayed in last year and why is the window small and facing a wall? I guess telling guests they are upgraded makes them feel good.- 16 GBP plus tip for breakfast? Pardon me? There are plenty of small cafés in the vicinity where 16 GBP gets you breakfast for the whole family.- Maybe this is over-the-top cranky, but I think that by now, 4-star hotels should all have duvets, not beige blankets.- Same thing for internet access. All the Montague has is ONE station in the basement, and there is a charge. No broadband in the room, either wired or wireless.I stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Kenilworth 4 years ago and enjoyed it a lot more. It is located on the other side of the British Museum. It may have changed, but I enjoyed it then.	
Feb 26 2005	My first choice for London	I've stayed in a number of hotels in London - 3 and 4 star mostly. My first choice for return trips is the Montague. The rooms may not be big but they are nicely decorated with an olde world charm. Additionally, the staff generally have a good attitude.	
Jan 30 2005	Small British Charm	I highly recommend this nice, classic British hotel. Great location around the corner from The British Museum and close to West End and Soho. Warm, accomodating staff and concierges. Room was small but not unusual considering the normal size of single rooms in London. More cozy than anything else. Reminded me of compact yet warm rooms on cruise ships. Very clean and nicely decorated. Got the room (plus free breakfast) for 84 Pounds -- what a deal! As easily as nice as the four to five star hotels I've stayed at in the West End for over twice the price during the last few years.	
Jan 12 2005	Teensy-weensy but comfortable...	I stayed here for one night before my Contiki tour in a single room and it was literally a hole in the wall... THE smallest room ever. I barely had enough space to bring in my luggage and I had to walk around it to get to my bed. However, the bathroom was of relative &quot;normal size&quot;. I especially liked how clean everything was and the bathrobe/slippers were an added plus. I felt very comfortable despite the small space and I had a good night's rest. My room was facing the garden so noise was not a problem. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The ambiance of the hotel felt very personal and not &quot;franchise-like&quot;. I would recommend this hotel to those who prefer a little extra comfort during their travels and if they can afford the rates. If you are travelling WITH someone, I'd consider looking into other hotels which accomodate more space for the same rates... especially if you don't pack light.	
Jan 11 2005	Homey and Cozy	I just returned from a 6night stay at the Montague (12/31/04-1/6/05)and was quite pleased with this hotel. The staff, especially the concierge Alan, was very friendly and helpful. My room, though small, was clean, tastefully decorated, and comfortable. I particularly enjoyed the complimentary bottled water and coffee/tea amenities which were refilled daily. The buffet breakfast (included in my AA vacation pkg) was just excellent to say the least as was the service from the breakfast staff. I also enjoyed the gym facilities which, though not extensive, was adequate with two treadmills, a rower, elliptical machine and some free wts.Many reviews have mentioned the location which I agree, IS a plus-- convenient to most of London's sights and shopping (Oxford Street is only about a 10min walk away)!Overall, I highly recommend the Montague and would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 4 2005	Wonderful hotel	Booked 2 rooms for New Year's Day through Laterooms and got a very good deal. One room was on the ground floor at the front but we had no problem with traffic noise despite expecting some. The air-conditioning was efficient and easy to use. The rooms were a reasonable size for London and were spotlessly clean with extra facilities- the bath robes and slippers were a nice touch. We had booked a meal in the restaurant but were very short of time as we had to be at the theatre within the hour. The staff were wonderfully efficient and helpful and we managed a three course meal within the hour! The food was very good as well although the portions not huge.Late night drinks in the conservatory were nice but very expensive- £6.50 for a brandy plus a 12.5% service charge (optional, but always on the bill). Next time we will take our own!Self-service breakfast was included in the price and catered for everyone including fruit, yoghurts, cereals, pastries, ham, cheeses, toast with marmalade etc and hot English breakfast too.The staff were all friendly and helpful, especially the reception staff. Overall I was extremely pleased with the Montague and will definitely use it again.	
Nov 6 2004	Cozy and Warm	My family and I recently stayed for 4 nights at the Montague. I recommend this hotel highly. The location is excellent right near the British museum and Bloomsbury neighborhood, and in the heart of the West End. The deluxe king room facing the garden was nice, although the layout of the room is a bit strange but I think that is due to the history of the building. The staff is pleasant and helpful and the food is excellent all around. This hotel feels like an elegant B and B in the middle of one of the worlds greatest cities.	
Oct 25 2004	Short but Sweet	My wife and I only stayed overnight at the Montague but enjoyed it. The staff fell over themselves to be helpful, nothing was too muchtrouble. The room was excellent and although it was on the front of the hotel and at ground floor level we slept very well. The bathroom was all that one could ask for.The full English breakfast offereda good choice but could have done with being a few degrees hotter !	
Oct 10 2004	Small but good	The service when you enter the hotel is great, including a short tour of the hotel bars and facilities (special mention to Vicento who was great). The road facing room we had was small but very neat and tidy (we only paid £89 on Lastminute.com so couldn't moan!) and had everything we needed for a one night trip. Very close to the West End and Russell Square tube, it was just right for our needs. I couldn't face more than 2 nights there as the walls would get a bit close!	
Sep 28 2004	Charming old fashioned hotel in great location	We just returned from a four night stay at the Montague and I would recommend this hotel to visitors who want that old London feel to their hotel. The location is on a quiet street adjacent to the British Museum which makes it walking distance to most West End theatres and Covent Garden. The restaurant in the hotel is expensive so we took our breakfasts at one of the cafes across from the Museum. Our room and bathroom were quite small but were nicely appointed. Staff friendly and helpful; we used them to make our reservations for dinner and our visit to the Houses of Parliament.	
Sep 1 2004	charming and well-located	This is a really well-located hotel, walking distance to bloomsbury, covent garden, leicester square, soho, etc. The rooms are tiny but nicely decorated. We did have some noise problems as our room faced the street, but once the windows were closed things improved. It is good value if you can find a good deal (we paid 99 pounds including breakfast) but not worth their posted rates (over 200 pounds).	
Aug 19 2004	Missing the Montague	Just returned from a wonderful 8 days in London - and am ready to move there. Need a research psychologist/academic? Despite the crappy conversion (how hard is it to go to the American Express office with $500 in traveler's checks and have them give you L250?), this city rocks. I don't usually feel that Boston is provincial, but ... well ... it isn't London! I booked the Montague because I read the reviews and they were, for the most part, quite accurate. I have also heard a number of people complaining about their London accommodations (as recently as yesterday, regarding Thistle hotels on route to Heathrow). So this is my candid review:1) I booked 2 non-smoking rooms (2 adults, and a room for my two 16 year old sons). I emailed after the booking (through American Airlines vacations) and requested a &quot;garden room&quot; after reading a review that said they were quieter. I'm a light sleeper with health issues. When we arrived - exhausted from an overnight flight on which we didn't sleep - we were given two SMOKING ROOMS, and the room for myself and my husband was on the street, despite my request a month earlier. Not a great start. I have bad allergies (among other things), and this wasn't going to fly, so I went back to the desk. Understand that I am not a &quot;going back to the desk type.&quot; If you bring me the wrong meal and it looks good, I generally eat it. But a basement room that reaks of smoke? Come on. After a few hours we were moved into two non-smoking rooms on the first floor, and they were fine for the 7 nights we were there. Still on the street, but fine. The kids room was actually much larger and on the garden side. Lucky them.2) The hotel is directly across from the British museum. This is about a 20 minute walk to Trafalgar Square (if you are in good shape) and 40 minute walk to Westminster or Buckingham Palace. We walked this and more, but you should know that most folks would need to bus or tube. There is a bus stop right at the Museum, so not a problem. But we walked ... to Harrods and back!3) Through the American Airlines vacation package we received a great discount on the 2nd room, full English breakfasts for the week for the four of us (including mass consuming teenagers), and a dinner for 4. This was a great deal.4) The Montague is probably as quiet as you can find in London. We came to feel it was like home, despite the incongruities of any hotel (who designed the showers that leak all over the floor?) But it is quaint, and not a Thistle or a Novotel or a Ramada. It has character, and some charm, and a pretty nice staff - despite the booking disaster. If we had initially received what we had booked (when we were tired and cranky), I probably would have given the Montague the highest review. Except for the ridiculous showers....I would book it again - confirm the room IN WRITING, and ask for additional BATH MATS!! Otherwise, can't wait to get back. There is also a reasonably priced Thai restaurant around the corner with very good fare, as well as several Italian restaurants (Prezzo) that stretched our reduced dollars a bit further. If you want pretentious, this isn't the place. But it is very clean, with surprisingly good food and service. And the location allows you to visit a number of enchanting neighborhoods and boroughs, from Soho to Fleet Street. I've never felt more reluctant to head home....	
Jul 7 2004	Loved this hotel	My 13 year old daughter stayed at the Montague for 4 nights beginning June 16th. We really loved the hotel, the location and the staff. Our plan was to stay at a small hotel in London and then stay at a large, elegant hotel at our next stop in Paris. After the trip we decided that from now on it will be small boutique hotels for us all the way! The room was not large, but comfortable and very nicely decorated. The bathroom was large and very clean. The staff was great, and I felt very well taken care of. There is a cozy bar downstairs, just perfect for relaxing after a long day of sightseeing. I would stay here again.	
Jul 3 2004	Good Hotel Good Location		
Jun 19 2004	Small - close to British Museum		
May 24 2004	British hospitality ++++		
Mar 27 2004	Garden view room was the quietest hotel room I've ever stayed in		
Jan 23 2004	Comfortable but not spacious		
Sep 25 2003	Excellent		
Sep 14 2003	Wonderful London Hotel		
Aug 19 2003	A lovely venue to celebrate a wedding anniversary		
Apr 25 2003	Doubt we would go back to the Montague		
Nov 26 2002	We loved the Montague on the Gardens!		
Nov 26 2009 	mon pire hôtel depuis bien longtemps		
Sep 15 2009 	Angenehmes Wochenende		
Aug 24 2009 	qualite		
Aug 22 2009 	???????????????		
Jul 31 2009 	posto e gente meravigliosi		
