	No sparkle and cold atmosphere.	Good Points about this Hotel:The Location.The Room - excellent size and very comfortable beds. Nice view over Jubilee Gardens and very quiet. Good bathroom and tea tray which is always welcome. Nice Bar and pleasant views of the London Eye.Helpful Concierge ( one of. The other not so helpful)The breakfast buffet was also very good and the breakfast staff were very efficient and pleasant.Not so good points:The room was RIDICULOUSLY far away from the lift - I am talking 7 minutes walk. I have a foot injury and struggled with the brisk trot required. As one previous poster has stated I wished we had a golf buggy or a scooter to ferry us up and down.Secondly the check in staff were very brusque and lacking in charm. We were in London for a graduation ceremony and you would have thought we were on our way to a funeral, they were so dour. As I have Marriott Rewards membership, sometimes the staff on check in upgrade. However on this occasion we had booked through another website and the staff attitude effectively reflected this.Not once were we welcomed to the Hotel or wished a pleasant departure having spent a small fortune on accomodation.The ATP tennis tournament was on in the O2 and many of the residents were either tennis players or supporters. I got the impression that as we were not part of the troope that the staff didnt give a toss. In addition, the lifts were covered in advertising for the tournament which I found very tacky and very bizarre. It completely spoiled the ambience of this beautiful old building.We found no one to give us directions to any where other than the concierge. As he was absent one morning we asked the doorman to direct us to Covent Garden and he vaguely pointed into the sky and mumbled. Any attempts at getting a taxi via the staff on the door were useless and we had better luck on the public street. This is not acceptable from a 5 star hotel.My final gripe is why oh why do we have to pay £ 15 a day for wi fi ( which the concierge tried to convince me was free) when you can go to Starbucks and have a coffee an get it free?? I always stay with Mariott ( having worked there many years ago) as I know the extremely high standards of training required of the staff which has always been apparent in any other Marriott I have stayed in. However on the next occasion I will return not to this one but to another in London. t	
	Very Good and even for kids	We stayed 3 nights here with our little man for his forst birthday and I have to say all went very well and the hotel was near perfect. Food brill, service perfect, clenliness perfect, as described. My only issue is the distance from the lifts of the rooms - it is miles and with a pram this was tough but we had a lovely view of the London eye and jubilee gardens so can't really complain. Great location too in dead centre of London.	
Nov 22 2009 	Wonderful hotel great location	This was a great hotel for our first trip to London. The location, just next to the London Eye was in walking distance of a great many attractions. Subway stop is just across the bridge, as is Westminster Abbey and Big Ben. The hotel is set back from the very busy street and very quiet. It's lovely, clean and all the staff were very helpful. Our room was very large, comfortable and clean. Did not eat in the hotel, but enjoyed the bar/lounge several evenings we were there. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Prefect stay in London	The service at this Hotel exceeded my expectation. The staff was always willing to go the extra step to help. Had a River View room, which was very nice a bit small for a 5 star hotel but still very very nice. The service more than made up for the size of the room. The Location was the best. Close to to everything, The Eye was just outside of our room window. For Great Service and excellent location this Hotel ranks #1. I'm still amazed at how helpful the staff was. May not be the idea place for a large family, but for a single person or a couple you will not fine a better hotel anywhere. This is not the Value Inn and with good reason (Location Location) Next time in London we will not consider any other Hotel.	
Nov 9 2009 	Amazing service great location couldn't have asked for better!	if i ever need to stay in london again, i will surely stay here. not only did i have the best stay here, but the customer service, front desk, and concierge are the most top-notch people i've ever encountered in a hotel. everyone was so helpful, especially since we weren't the easiest travelers.. we had to check in early, leave our bags, and then had a mishap with a security lock stuck on a bag that i needed to take onto a plane the next morning. the incredibly kind girl at the front desk practically bent over backwards to help out and found someone else in the hotel who could snip a store security lock that had accidentally been left on a purchase i made earlier in the day, no questions asked).our room was gorgeous, with a view of the london eye. lovely bedding, great comforters, and generally excellent above-the-marriott-standard accomodations.the only minuses: it was a little bit of a walk to waterloo station, but that's okay. the walk to our actual room on the 3rd floor was bizarre. since the hotel used to actually be the county hall that housed parliament, the layout obviously wasn't meant to suit weary travelers. our room was located about 500 feet from the elevator. at one point, we were so tired of the walk that we basically gave up on dinner. my lazy self wished there was a people mover, but thoughts like that scare me because i suddenly imagine myself in someone's basement, playing magic and smelling like i haven't showered in a week.great hotel, lovely location, lots of good restaurants nearby, and exceptional customer service. what more can you ask for? i'll definitely be back!	
Nov 3 2009 	A Romantic getaway place of pampering!	If your driving, it truely is an experience to come throught the Arch... Its a rather grand experience for those who have never been in a five star hotel. We had a double deluxe with breakfast + room with a view (Room 235) Its right at the end of the corridor but suite was amazing. I was rather excited to find two toilets two sinks and a living room and then the bedroom! The staff were really professional and polite ( I am wondering who does the recruiting for this place as everyone had a wonderful charming personality) The views are amazing and make it rather romantic if your staying with a loved one. The swimming pool on the 6th floor was amazing and the changing rooms and little toiletries were so cute - I even had to ask a waiter if I could take home the cute little jars of jam and Ketchup! And to top that off the door man had only parked the car out side so we only had to pay £15 ;) Marvelous experience and wonderful staff A*** P.s Excellent location to goetting anywhere in London	
Oct 30 2009 	The Perfect Place to Stay	The location can't be beat and makes the top landmarks all easily walkable...from The Tower to Buckingham Palace, with Parliament and Big Ben right across the street. TheCounty Hall building is stunning. The rooms have outlets for American hairdryers, mobiles.The set-up for coffee, $$fully stocked frig, and shower needs anticipates guests needs. The concierge is extremely helpful. Only negative: the food, which is overpriced and not even to American fastfood standards...but there are other options close by.	
Oct 18 2009 	Overpriced and overrated	Great location, right next to the Thames River. Very roomy, but old hotel. Very expensive, and more amenities would have been greatly appreciated, such as free internet. Having a fridge and microwave would also have been helpful. There was a fridge stocked with drinks, but they were rigged to automatically incur a charge if they were moved, even if you put them back! Scary! Our room had no view. The windows faced a work yard. This was quite sad, since the hotel is across Big Ben and Parliament. The rooms were also distantly located from the elevators.Except for the location, I would be hesitant to go back here. The rates are way overpriced and amenities lacking. While I was waiting to check in, a European couple in front of me seemed stunned by the prices and the few amenities. There are other hotels in London with better value for less price. I'm not sure how other travelers rated this hotel so highly.	
Oct 9 2009	Highly overrated.	Marriott London County Hall is highly overrated. The maid service went through our luggage - opening zippers and searching for valuables. They did not provide all the listed services or amenities. We will never come back to this hotel and do not recommend this to others at all.	
Oct 8 2009	Trip to London	Had a great time, stayed in the Mariott near the London Eye - a touristy area but the hotel had a pool and was very conveniently located to the sights.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel on the Thames	We recently returned from a two-week trip to London and Paris. Our London hotel - Marriott's London County Hall - is in a great central location, next to the London Eye attraction, and yet was extremley quiet for sleeping. With convenient access to the Tube, we could be anywhere in zones 1-2 within 15 minutes. If you need more exercise after walking around London, or to relax, the hotel offers a very nice indoor pool for swimming laps, and a great single-sex hot tub, sauna, and step room; access was a bit confusing to say the least. We enjoyed the plentiful European breakfast in the executive lounge, as well as snacks throughout the day. Service was a bit inconsistent; for example, we received one wine glass with the complimentary bottle of wine upon arrival. Since the hotel knew we were celebrating our anniversary, thought was a bid odd. Nonetheless, we will definitely return to this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location Location Location!	I apologize for the late entry of the review. I booked 3 rooms (410, 434, &amp; 436) for our stay, July 16-July 19. I booked one year in advance in order to use my Marriott points which covered everything except 2 nights in one room, which I got a senior rate at 162.35 GBP. We were all on the fourth floor, which has the executive lounge, but we did not use it. We arrived by private car mid-afternoon and checked in with no problems. 2 out of our 3 rooms were ready, so we had all our bags taken up to one room, freshened up and headed out. We caught the Big Bus tour, which is right outside the hotel entrance on the Westminster bridge. Our group consisted of 1 senior, 4 adults and 2 teenagers. Everyone found the tour to be enjoyable. We were flying all night so it was nice to just sit in the double decker bus and listen. When we could no longer hold our eyes open, we chose to eat at the Cucina, which is right behind the hotel. 6 out of our 7 meals were good. There is also a Ned's noodle box, Subway, a bagel shop, a small liquor store and a Starbucks located on that street. As mentioned in previous reviews, they can all be found by using the famous glass doors to the rear of the lobby. Using the glass doors will also get you to the Waterloo station, which is far less crowded than the Westminster station. Trying to get over the Westminster bridge to get to the station is a nightmare, especially if you are with a lot of people and trying to stay together. The Westminster station is about a 7-10 minute walk depending on the time of day and the crowds. Waterloo is about a 10 minute walk, but there are no crowds at all. The entrance to Waterloo is very close (about 5 minutes) however to get to the trains it is another 5 minutes. It can also be confusing when getting off at Waterloo it seems like you walk forever to get back out, but we think we figured out our mistake the last day. Try looking for London Eye/Southbank when you exit and try that, it might be closer. We ordered the prepaid Oyster cards before our trip. We had them pre-loaded with approx. 30 GBP each. We never had to worry about having the right fare, just swipe the cards and go. At the end of our last journey, we went to the customer service window and asked for a refund on any remaining balance on the cards and received it. The location of the hotel is ideal. So close to everything. We walked to the Horseguards (about 10-12 minutes) which is not as crowded as the changing of the guards at Buckingham Palace. The concierge was very helpful in answering questions regarding different sights. Our rooms were all clean and pleasant, all the windows opened, they were quiet and had no plumbing problems. All had double beds and were very roomy. In one of the rooms we had a rollaway and there was still plenty of room to move about. We did not have any views, but did not ask for them to begin with. Cannot comment on the bar, restaurant, pool or spa as we did not use any of these. We did have room service for breakfast in one room (because it was included in the senior rate) and had no complaints about it. On our last morning we did experience the dreaded fire alarm going off. It wasn't very loud and since we had read about it in previous reviews we knew what to expect. Our checkout went very smooth, there were no surprises or hidden fees, all was in order. There were no problems using my Marriott points. All the staff members that we encountered were very nice and helpful. The hotel overall was awesome! We had a great time in the city and staying at this hotel, because it is so centrally located, made it that much better. Our only complaint were about the beds, they were all horrible (except for the rollaway, it was fine). The beds all &quot;bowed in&quot; so if you started out on the side, you would end up in the middle. Also, the nightstands next to the beds were right next to the bed and if you rolled over too much you would hit your head on the corner. Ouch! We loved London, will definitely go back and will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Oct 5 2009 	IF YOU WANT THE BEST - HERE IT IS	Having been fortunate to be a regular guest at County Hall over the past 4 years it really is about time we shared this outstanding hotel with the rest of you. We are avid theatre goers and come up to town at least 8 times each year. We had very mixed success with hotels of the 4 and 5 star standard and purely by chance found County Hall. From the very first minute of our first stay we realised that we had found a real diamond and have NEVER stayed anywhere in London since.County Hall has everything - location, elegant architecture, the Marriott group standards, very comfortable rooms, leisure facilities, an excellent restaurant that offers a wide choice at value for money prices and a kitchen that does what it says -&quot; if it's not on the menu ask and if we have it we will prepare it for you&quot;. However what makes County Hall quite unique are it staff. I have never before or since seen such an impressive and dedicated team of people who work together as a unit with the sole aim of keeping thier guests happy. It is quite evident that the ethos comes from the top at this hotel. There is a respect between all staff at all levels that only comes from a clear vision of why they are there - to be the best. Not in a competitive way but out of self respect and pride in their hotel. A wonderful mix of nationalities at all levels make up the team and fuse together an array of strengths that always deliver .From doormen to senior management whoever is on hand to help you that is their job. The most knowledgable of conceirge, bar and restaurant staff will always go that extra mile to make sure you have just what you want and are not disapointed. You arrive at County Hall, safe in the knowledge that YOU matter- no matter if the hotel is full to the brim, somehow someone knows instinctivley that YOU require service or help and it arrives, without fuss or hurry, and YOU are the person that matters at that particular time is YOU! Even when the occaisional celebrity is around YOU matter.Give it a try - you won't be disappointed	
Oct 2 2009 	Terrific Stay!	Enjoyed 5 nights at the hotel with two children ages 9 and 14. We sprung for the executive floor-well worth the extra money. The breakfast was a very well-supplied continental buffet and access to snacks and drinks during the day made it very worthwhile!!! We had a Big Ben view from our room, which was very clean and spacious! A note for families: the TV's do not have many channels. Luckily, I had seen this on another review and the children were prepared in advance! Also, there is a McDonalds on the Thames side of the building, and if you exit the hotel through the lobby, you will come to a back door. That street has a Starbucks and a Subway, as well as some other family friendly restaurants!! The hotel is a very easy walk to the Westminster Station, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, and the Big Bus our picks up right in front of the hotel. Overall, a great location that gave us easy access to the city! I also recommend walking along the river away from the hotel. There are more shops and restaurants and a fun fountain that kids can go in and out of as the water shoots up and down!	
Oct 2 2009 	DISAPPOINTING!	I stayed at the Marriott County Hall as part of my 21st Birthday weekend, I was extremely disappointed! The receptionist was very very rude and unhelpful.QUOTES &quot; you may leave your bags at your own perril&quot; and shouted across the reception at me in front of many other people stayng at the hotel &quot;If you do not pay for the room in full you will be evicted out of the room at 6pm sharp!&quot; this was after I refused to pay the full amount for the room without seeing it first. This was an upsetting start to what was meant to be a memorable weekend but the cherry on the top was that after a bath before my party i wished to relax in a dressing gown with my friends only to discover the gowns were FILTHY! complete with hair and neck dirt the gowns were yellow at the armpits! Most disgusting and over all a horrific stay.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic location and great stay!	I booked a room with river view for my wife's 40th birthday - and confirmed with the hotel that we'd get a room with two doubles as we had our children with us. We were allowed to check-in early at 12:00, (other guests were having to wait for their rooms from what we observed). The hotel having promised a good room, surpassed themselves and gave us a room on the top floor, with a balcony overlooking the Thames with views to the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye - this was perfect! The room was spotless and well appointed for a city centre hotel. (I'm Marriott Gold so not sure how much influence this had).After we'd been on the Eye, we returned to our room to find Champagne and Strawberries for my wife - wonderful surprise and most appreciated.The children loved the 25M pool. Having checked in early, we were also granted a late check-out at 1400.The Executive Lounge is nothing special, we weren't in there when alcoholic beverages were available, but understand it is an honour bar. Breakfast in the lounge was adequate.	
Sep 25 2009 	Well situated	Well situated for our conference at QE2 conference center as it was easy walking distance. It was next to London Eye and across from Big Ben and Parliment. Clean, quiet, elegant. Rooms had trouser press and that was great. No free internet. Bummer.	
Sep 8 2009 	Not up to Marriott Standards.	Internet Access/Wi Fi was 15 pounds per day. Upgrade to executive lounge necessary if you want coffee because no pot available. Also one computer there to use. Food offerings meager. Small analog tv with only 14 channels. Management not very responsive. Nice rooms and convenient location but not sure it was worth it.	
Sep 2 2009 	Fabulous hotel!	Loved everything about the hotel. Great food, drinks and in the heart London. Excellent gym.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great hotel- but not if you have mobility problems	Just a &quot;heads up&quot; that this hotel does not have an accessible entrance at the front door. When you need to enter, a security guard must open a door at a separate location with a lift. One must make sure that security rounds are not being changed. Most of the time, however, the guards were most pleasant and available to help. If one has a cellphone, one can call ahead for assistance.The other problem is access to the pool and hot tub- one needs to climb stairs so that was not available. Too bad a lift was not in place to use these amenities.The buffet breakfast was wonderful and the staff excellently trained to assist. Also, very pleasant attitude from all.Wish that Marriott would make this hotel truly accessible. Otherwise, a great stop in a lively part of London.	
Aug 25 2009 	WHAT A DISASTER	The hotel has a wonderful location. At first, we were satisfied with our two rooms but, on the second night, there were mice in our children's room. At two in the morning, they were moved to a different room. The assistant manager told the kids they could have a free bottle of water and free internet service for one day. The next day, I went through three assistant managers until the night manager would speak to me. The assistants first offerred, as compensation, a free breakfast (which was already included) and then 20,000 Marriott points. It took a lot of negotiating until the manager finally agreed not to charge for the room for that night. He was not very gracious about it. Two nights later, we went to the theater. We ordered the tickets from the concierge four months ago. When we arrived at the theater, our seats were occupied by another family. The manager blamed Ticketmaster for the mixup but meanwhile, instead of the fifth row orchestra as our tickets specified, we ended up in the next to last row in the balcony.I am now finished with Marriott forever.	
Aug 21 2009 	Best hotel in London but no American stuff	Let me first say that I am a british guy that spent 11 yrs in the USA before going back to the UK for a ten day visit. I have become fully Americanised and I’m writing this feedback for other Americans that might be visiting England.I travel throughout the USA, mostly West coast – Sacramento, San Francisco, La, Seattle and lots of other small places on the way.At one time I was a Marriott Gold club member.I had been planning a trip to the UK with “the Mrs’s” for about six months. I hestitated to book the Marriott County Hall because it is one of the most expensive hotels in London. I called the Marriott rewards number and asked how much money would I have to pay to stay three nights at County Hall if I used up all of my rewards points. Only $ 350.00 Wow! What a find. I bought a few thousand more rewards points and then used them to book three nights in a Riverview room at County Hall.Later on we decided to stay one more night in London and I booked another night, (also a Riverview room), on my credit card.Our flight arrived early a.m. and we took the shuttle to the Hotel. We arrived around 9.00 a.m. and our room was not ready. At the check in I was reminded that Hotels in England have a different mentality than in the USA. Hotels in “the UK” consider many things to be “extra” and have an “extra” fee for them. County Hall is no exception. My expectation was that the room was already paid for and that would be that . Not so! Apparently there is a special “extra” fee for a Riverview room that was not included in the original price. Long story short I paid the extra fee, (50 GB Pounds per night). I also was offered some kind of access to a special lounge that offers afternoon Hor’s Douvres – not worth it since the hotel is located in central London and you can get anything you want there. I had expected breakfast to be included in the room rate but this was not so either, the 50 GBP “upgrade” included breakfast for two for the first three days but not the fourth. More than a Hotel County Hall breathes all things British. The doormen, bell hops etc all wear a period piece suits complete with a bowler hat. Expect to hear them say “Good Morning” in an educated London accent. All part of the fun of staying here!We left our bags with the Porter and went off to discover London.The Houses of Parliament, the UK version of the White House, is one block away across Westminster Bridge. We took a walk along “The queens walk”, a public walk/access way that is in front of the hotel and along the River Bank. This area would be something like the British version of the Embarcadero in San Francisco and comes complete with a Salvador Dali statue, the Dali Museum, the Movie Museum of London, the London Eye and a few other attractions. Both of the open top bus tours stop outside the hotel and there are always cabs waiting to take you anywhere in the City. The river is right on the riverfront and all the boat tours leave from right outside.We didn’t want to wait in line for the London Eye so we went off to explore whatever we could find in walking distance. One minute later we were taking photo’s outside of the Houses of Parliament. Note this is a very safe area. For the first time in many years I saw policemen walking the street in pairs. Then we went in for a tour of Westminster Abbey and asked directions to a good fish and chip shop. 10 minutes later we escaped the rain to get lunch at the Laughing Halibut. The first real fish and chips that I’d had in ten years.After lunch we went back to the hotel and went up to the room.I have to say that by American standards the room was small, but in London all Hotel rooms are small so I guess this is as big a room as can be had.The view from the room was not exactly like the view that is shown on the Marriott Web Site. The web site shows the best possible view. With that said our view was pretty good. We were looking towards the London Eye and had to peer out the window to see Big Ben, (a block away next to the Houses of Parliament). We looked down on the Queens walk and saw a beautiful view of the City of London. Air conditioning is not standard anywhere in the UK so the room had heat but no AC. The heater was adequate but nothing to write home about. High speed internet was available but not for free? Another UK “Extra”TV worked ok but was small, (19 inch), no cable and a small selection of UK channels. In a Marriot 8 point Hotel I had expected a flat screen – the selection of UK channels did not have anything on them worth watching. The Web site promised “Pay Movies” My expectation was that this would be something like the standard USA Marriott pay per view movies;ie; dozens of movies both box office and recently released, each one for a fee. This is another one of those things that the UK does not have. County Hall’s version of Pay per view is a choice of Movie A or movie B on Mondays and Wednesdays, Movie C or D on Tuesdays and Thursday, Movie E or F on Wednesdays and Fridays. Once you choose the movie you will find that you can only watch it at its start time, usually 8.00 or 9.00 p.m. Pretty strange set up and a choice of only two movies per night. Since most of these were violent/scary movies we never used the Pay movies.Room service was very good. We ate at the room every night. Yes folks they have the famous Marriot Burger and of Course Fish and Chips which was very good. On the whole the room service food was very good and my wife loved it.Beds were standard hotel bed and nothing special. I had thought that a Marriott Class 8 hotel would have that really good bed that is standard in Marriott Courtyards all over the USA. Not an uncomfortable bed but nothing to write home about either.The room we had did not have any soundproofing from street sound or from corridor sound. You can hear the bell of Big Ben chiming on the hour. In the evening a couple of musicians played along the river bank below and we could hear the music in our room. For us this was part of the charm of the place and the music stops around the same time that the clubs close the door, (around 10 of 11 p.m.)I tried the free breakfast one day and found it to be everything that I might expect of Marriott, a full range of fruits, eggs, breads, etc plus the a la carte service of traditional English breakfast. Very good!My wife loved the hotel. She described it as the best hotel she ever stayed at.The location is the best if you want to see the sights of London and have a truly british experience but don’t expect anything American here.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great views location and rooms so quiet!	My husband, 21 year-old son &amp; I stayed at County Hall for 3 nights (rewards points) for our very first visit to London. Check in was simple and we were given a room with great views of Thames and the London Eye plus free breakfast &amp; afternoon appetizers. Had our room been one room over either way, we would have had a view of Big Ben, Westminster Abbey &amp; Parliament so keep that in mind! The two conceirge we talked with were absolutely great. We were not disappointed with their restaurant recommendations &amp; tour suggestions! Don't expect eggs, bacon, gravy, hashbrowns for breakfast but you will enjoy the great croissants, cereal, fruits, cheese &amp; meats. Staff were kind, accomodating &amp; courteous. Rooms were good size, very quiet despite all the people walking along the river and other guests, and the beds very comfortable just wish they were queen size instead of regular. Not your typical hotel...but one you will never forget!	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location large rooms and great staff	We stayed here twice over a 12-day period, at the beginning and end of a tour. Stayed using Marriott points, and was treated to an upgraded suite on the first stay, and a very large room with sofa and sitting area on the second stay. Staff is extremely courteous, accommodating, and provides individual attention to each guest. Rooms and beds are comfortable. Concierge lounge is very small and could not accommodate all the guests who visited it the morning we were there. Cannot beat the location -- right across the bridge from Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, Parliament, river cruises and Tube stop. If you do not like hoards of tourists, however, this hotel is not for you. Expect large crowds as you leave the safe confines of the hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	big ben - bong	My family and myself stayed in this hotel 7th + 8th AUG. Having seen the hotel on various stays in london we thought we would give it a try even although the £240 per night stay room only was at the upper scale of our budget.. The hotel was as expectected at this price the top end of cleanliness ant the river view of big ben was lovely . But the whole embankment area is a mess with rubbish as there are no bins due to safety reasons , si it is hard to enjoy the main scenery as this distraction is always there. At the fronnt of the hotel there is an area with picnic benches which is lovely for sitting enjoying a reaxing drink but it is not locked till late on and we found it to be quite noisy.The beds are lovely as is the faciliities in the room , but a considetation when booking this hotel is the fact that BIG BEN does go every 15 Minutes even through the night so we found it very hard to get a good nights sleep.Overall the hotel was enjoyable but there are a lotof hotels in london which are cheeper and every bit as good as this.	
Aug 9 2009 	Absouelty Best Hotel Stay Ever! If booking with expedia make sure its confirmed!	the hotel is in the best location in all of london, you wont find a more perfect hotel than this! its worth the money! It has a nice long boardwalk with the london eye just a few feet away! The westminister stop is the closest to the hotel and the easiest way to get around. The view from the hotel was breathtaking bigben and thames river right out your window! The rooms are in perfect condition, however i wish they had more tv channels but your out and about all day you forget all about the tv! The only reason i gave the serivce four stars was because we had trouble checking in, we booked through expedia and apparently expedia &quot;requested&quot; our room, not confirmed. however, we were very lucky in the end and got our room. the best pick to stay in london!	
Aug 8 2009 	Over rated	recently we stayed at the marriott hotel county hall.overall we enjoyed our stay but thought it was over rated . The rooms had your basic needs however the beds were small .The shower was very nice . We also went in the pool which is the best pool i have ever been in.i would go there just for that!!!We were very very shocked when we saw the price of the breakfast-roughly £30 for 2 slices of bacon and 1 egg! so we gave that one a miss and went into the breakfast cafe over the road.Last year we stayed in the premier in next door and found it cheap and confatabe.dont waste your money!	
Aug 3 2009 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION.	We spent five nights at the Marriott, County Hall using reward stays. We were able to take advantage of reserve four get fifth night free. This Marriott was wonderful in all ways. We experienced no problems. Staff were all very helpful and friendly. Room was clean and supplied 120V outlets. We were upgraded to take advantage of free continental breakfast and executive club room, which supplied snacks, soda and water throughout the day. Hotel has a beautiful pool area and spa. (we did not use spa services) What is really wonderful about this Marriott, is that it is located across the Thames from Parliment and within walking distance to two subway stations. We could look out our window and see the south bank and the London Eye. Close to many restaurants and activities. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	A wonderful Marriott	Great location, great bar. Very close to all the London attractions. Easily reachable from Heathrow by train+ tube	
Jul 23 2009 	Peace and quiet in the centre of London	Following an unpleasant train journey - electrical problems caused it to be hot and stuffy - followed by a hectic taxi journey from Euston Station it was bliss to cross Westminster Bridge and turn into the Marriott. It was another world away from hectic central London Peaceful, relaxing and cool. Our luggage vanished from the taxi and arrived in our room via a cheerful but polite employee. Check in was quick and efficient. Our room had a view of the Houses of Parliament, and it must be said a possible view in from the 'eye' outside, so watch the curtains, along with an efficient heating and cooling system. Spacious and clean, it was exceptionally quiet the only disturbances - minor ones at that - were caused by other room doors being allowed to bang shut by guests. All was fine in the room with the only odd point being a non flat screen television, hardly a worry to us or probably to anyone else. Water was hot and bath filled very quickly. Along with a powerful shower it met both my wifes and my requirements. However it must be said that on one occasion an empty water bottle was not cleared away during cleaning, very minor but that is how picky I have to be to find fault with this fine hotel. The executive lounge, to which we had access, was a godsend with soft drinks available all day along with snacks at certain times. Internet available in this lounge. Breakfast was fine with a good range of items available but expensive if not included in your costs. Overall we found the hotel slightly expensive but well worth the cost due to its high quality friendly staff and its calming influences after central London. Will always stay at the Marriott when in London and have given it a maximum rating only dropping one star due to its relatively high cost.	
Jul 20 2009 	Stay at the Premier Inn- right next door!!	Perfect location, which I guess for some may justify plenty of arrogance and attitude, small rooms, and a hefty price tag. Stayed there for our last night in London (and my birthday). Huge let down! Don't make the same mistake we did, when you can stay next door for about 1/2 the price and enjoy similar amenities w/o the major attitude.	
Jul 11 2009 	Overrated Not for kids	First I'll admit a huge mistake, I thought I booked the room for $230, not 230 POUNDS. We picked the hotel for location and pool. We arrived in London with kids (8 and 5) at 7am, and had been told they could accomodate early check-in. Our room was ready at 3pm.The hotel has an unbeatable location, and outside view is amazing. However for the price you get decades old room, 19inch tv no cable, good (not excellent) service. After our first day I walked across street to Park Plaza County Hall, and got a room for half the price, with amazing clean and new rooms, same convenient location, excellent service, that was much more kid friendly. We also realized we would have never used the pool b/c we were too busy all day roaming London.	
Jul 10 2009 	An American Review	My best friend and I stayed at County Hall June 1-6, 2009; our reservation was on Marriott Rewards. Please note we regularly stay at Marriott on nearly all of our travels. We arrived in London on the EuroStar after 5 nights in Paris/Disneyland Paris. We took the Tube to Westminster Station, but didn't know there we no elevators to ground level. Hauling the luggage up the steps and across Westminster Bridge nearly did us in!The bellman met us at the door, seeing how we were struggling with the luggage and heat. He took the bags and we proceeded to registration. The woman at registration was from ?Romania? and certainly did not find our American sense of humor funny. Luckily our room was ready when we arrived at 2pm. We were offered the upgrade to the Executive Lounge for 50 pounds per night (!), but lucky from reading these reviews, I knew to pass it by. That evening as soon as we returned housekeeping brought foam pillows I'd pre-requested on the reservation (&amp; had forgotten), but the gentleman had horrible body odor.We immediately proceeded to our room #419. It was a bit of a walk from the lift, but not bad. Our hotel at Disney Paris (Sequoia Lodge) was far less than expected and certainly below the US Disney hotels. We walked into our room and was happy to see a typical Marriott room! The room was T-shaped - coming in the door, the bathroom was immediately on the right, then the desk/work area was further up on the right and the beds were around a quick corner to the left. The area between the desk and chest of drawers/tea service was quite large and perfect for our bursting luggage!The bathroom had the nice curved shower curtain bar. The showerhead was somewhat like a rainshower and wasn't really adjustable. It was incredibly high, so no worries about bumping your head. There was a regular blowdryer attached to the wall, a magnifying mirror, a scale, telephone, and speaker connected to the TV (in front of the beds). The vanity was nice and large, as was the mirror. There were also two robes for our convenience. There was only one outlet in the bathroom and it was for razors only.The work/desk area had both direct internet cable and access to Wi-Fi. We brought a netbook with BlackBerry (to serve as a Wi-Fi modem), so we didn't have to use or pay for the internet through the hotel. We also nearly jumped for joy to see US electrical outlets! The desk chair however, was incredibly uncomfortable, too low for the desk, and struggled to roll on its wheels. There was also a short chest of drawers and on the top was the ice bucket, biscuits, and complete tea service (to the joy of my best friend). Our room overlooked an internal &quot;courtyard&quot;, which was nothing more than a storage and loading/unloading area. Noise from this area was regular around late morning with all of the towels carts.The TV received only about 8 channels and the only US station was CNN World. After the first night we never turned on the TV again; our in-room entertainment would be a show or movie on the netbook or reading. The light between the beds was nice as it had an internal light divider, so I could stay up and read later than friend. The beds were great compared compared to what we'd just come from, but realized they really weren't what was expected from Marriott. The pillow top was separate and wasn't attached to the bed. It was lovely. However, underneath was just a generic mattress. (I know this, as I check all beds for bedbugs. Don't worry; there weren't any.) I was pretty disappointed with the mattress, especially near the end of the trip. Under the TV was the minibar that was fully stocked. If you touched anything you were charged, so we just relied on the ice bucket to keep things cold all week. There was an empty cabinet next to the mini-bar, which we used to store our breakfast items and snacks; we referred to this as the pantry.My favorite area was probably the closet. It had two mirrored sliding doors, ironing board, iron, umbrella, and motion-detecting light. Now I believe every closet should have a motion-detecting light!We did not use the pool, fitness center, or restaurant. Our room was on the Executive Lounge floor, but the selections didn't seem worthwhile. We never saw any sort of gift or snack shop in the hotel, which was disappointing. We found a 24 minimart a block or so out the back exit of the hotel instead. We HIGHLY recommend everyone investigate the back entrance/exit to the hotel. Although there is a McDonalds at the front of County Hall, right across from the back are a Subway, Starbucks, upper-scale Italian, general restaurant, and Chinese dining. Nice lower cost dining right across the closed drive/street on the rear of the building!Out the back of the hotel, another street back, and a few blocks to the left is Waterloo Station. Be careful here, as there is more than one entrance and exit. The only time we got lost was coming out of Waterloo one evening. Waterloo is also a regional train station, which we used to get to Windsor. (Our ticket-to-departure took about 3 minutes!) Also right at Waterloo is the huge IMAX Theatre, which we visited, as we needed an &quot;American&quot; day.The only time we used the Concierge was to get to Heathrow. We originally planned to take a bus from Victoria Station, but after the luggage issue at Westminster, we were ready to return to our regular traveling style. So we booked a private car back to Heathrow, which was charged directly to our hotel account for 60 pounds ($100). It was well worth the cost, as we were quickly whisked directly to the airport in a Lexus.Because we were on Marriott Rewards, I was happy with the hotel. If I was paying for the room, it would have been completely overpriced. The only thing that substantiates the pricing of this hotel is the location, because the amenities and services were surely lacking. No matter how we were dressed, I always felt looked-down upon by the staff as we were coming and going (probably because of my Subway sandwich sack)! As one of the elite Category 8 Marriott hotels, I was fully underwhelmed. The Marriott Harbour Beach in Ft. Lauderdale, FL FAR FAR exceeded County Hall. If you want an unparalleled location in London, this is it! If you want to enjoy a top, luxury hotel, you might want to take a look at other options.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fabulous experience	We stayed at County Hall on Tuesday 7 July 2009 and wish we could have stayed longer. First impressions on arriving at this wonderful hotel is how welcoming the staff are and also how very efficient. It was raining so the Concierge met us with an umbrella and then unloaded the car for us whilst we checked in. We used their parking services and it was great. The check in receptionist was charming. We had a minor hiccup here in that we had requested an early check-in at noon but unfortunately our room was not ready until 3 pm which is the normal check in time. I could have easily got really stressed here as we were attending the Royal Garden Party and needed to leave by 2 30 latest but the receptionist advised us that our Exec room included the use of the Exec Lounge so we stayed there whilst waiting for our room and enjoyed a nice cup of coffee and free internet access. It cost £50 for the upgrade and is well worth it as they provide Continental breakfast until 11am in the morning and Canapés early evening as well as soft drinks and snacks all in the Exec Lounge on 4th floor. Our room was great overlooking the London Eye and River Thames and was so quiet that you could not believe we were in London. There is an umbrella provided in each room which unfortunately we needed. Overall I would summarise our stay as a fantastic experience and would definitely recommend it to everyone. The hotel was busy with overseas visitors and the staff were so patient with everyone helping them as much as they could.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfect Birthday Celebration	My mother, my eight year old son and I stayed in room 433 from 27th June to 29th. We were celebrating my son's birthday with a trip to London. We told Reception that it was my son's birthday and when we arrived at the room there were balloons, cookies, milk and fruit waiting for us! My son was really pleased and felt very special. The room was fabulous, there were two double beds, a very comfy sitting area, a huge dressing room and a lovely large bathroom with separate bath and shower. We had a great view of the Thames and Big Ben. We had access to the Executive Lounge where they served a delicious continental breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner canapes. The food was superb. Room service was very good and all the staff without exception were excellent, they were discreet but always happy to help and very friendly.We have stayed at many 5 star London Hotels and the Marriott County Hall is probably our favourite. Some 5 star hotels can be too 'over the top' ,the Marriott is just right. I would highly recommend this hotel for its location, service and comfort and will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Fantastic View but the room was worn!	We just spent a night in room 622 ( a suite) and the room was a disappointment! The view from the balcony was fantastic with the London Eye above and Big Ben across the river but the room was vintage Marriott.The carpet and bathroom floor were stained and worn and the bathroom spigot had no cold water! We have visited this property 2 times before, the last time six years ago and nothing has been updated. What a shame with a location like this Marirott should update this property.	
Jun 27 2009 	Perfect Location	We stay at this hotel regularly when we visit London. Consistently high standard of room, service, and food. Very good Valet Parking service &amp; ConciergePerfect for a Thames Clipper to the O2 for a concert. Perfect for a walk into Picadilly. Perfect for a walk down south bank in the sunshine. This hotel consistently ticks all boxes and never disappoints.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great service and location	I booked my mother in law into this hotel for her 70th birthday, and rang them in advance to let them know that she is elderly, travelling with a friend who isn't very mobile and unused to big cities. From the outset the staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful to her - from what she said she felt as if she was given the VIP treatment from the off. Their attention made her weekend really special. An especial thanks to Carlos for the complimentary birthday cake!	
Jun 17 2009 	Needs some upgrades...	My fiancee and I stayed here in February for location reasons. It was our first time in London. The hotel is in a GREAT location. The view from our room was of the big ben and breathtaking...HOWEVER; there are a few cons that I must note...As we were taking a nap a 6pm, the fire alarm went off and the entire building had to evacuate, this was NOT the first time it happened and we were only there for 2 NIGHTS! It happened again at 4am after the 6pm alarm. The hotel had nothing to say but that the building was old...they should definetly look into fixing this problem. The room itself was cozy, but could use some upgrades, the tv is small, not flat screen and the cable connection was awful. BEWARE OF THE BREAKFAST...my fiancee and I thought we would grab a quick breakfast downstairs in the restaurant before our tour and only to find out that the charge was about $100 for 2 people, all we ate were 2 waffles each, but they charge you the buffet price and then they offer to make you hot food, but don't advise you that it is extra. Overall, the service was good, but the main reason people stay here is because of the location, it really is in a great area, but quality wise, they should start to make some upgrades to the room for the prices they charge.	
Jun 15 2009 	Gorgeous hotel in a fantastic location!	We had two rooms, one had a great view of Big Ben and one had a view of the Eye of London. Fantastic service, great breakfast. Best of all was the view and location. Worth every penny.	
Jun 11 2009 	Friggin Fantastic!!!!!	This is a fabulous hotel! Ok....first of all I did splurge and book the Thames/Big Ben view room for our anniversary. When we arrived they gave us an upgrade (I already thought we had the best room) to a room with the same view only we had a terrace/balcony. The view of the Houses of Parliment were incredible! The London Eye is as close as you'll get without getting on it. I'm not kidding when I say that I could have thrown a rock from the terrace and broken a window on one of the pods! (If I could throw good) You will be amazed if you get one of these rooms. We also had access to the Executive Lounge for breakfast and a light snack in the afternoon. The cafe/rest. served very good food and the staff was great. They do have a Pilates Studio which I did not know about...I would have scheduled private lessons...very nice full studio so if you like that kind of thing...swimming pool...great! The location is smack in the middle of everything and several tube locations close by....can't say enough.	
Jun 10 2009 	can't beat location for sightseeing	This hotel has the perfect location for being a tourist in London. It's right by the tube station &amp; of course you walk out the door &amp; there's the London Eye and Big Ben.The door staff &amp; bell staff was fantastic, but that was about it. Every desk person I encountered acted if I was bothering them. At check in, at check out, with any question they seem very annoyed.Word of advice - ask for a room NEAR the lift. The hallways are very long &amp; after a day of walking around the city, if you're at the end of the hall it feels like you might never get there.But once you do get there, the rooms are fantastic! HUGE room, huge bathroom, huge tub &amp; crazy-comfortable beds. Food in the hotel was expensive so I went to the little shops right outside the hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	The tourist hub of London	We took our 3 sons to London for 8 nights over spring break. My husband and I have been to London before having stayed on Hyde Park Corner at Four Seasons Inn on the Park (closed for renovations) and The Lanesborough (Perhaps the finest city hotel in Europe). You can in no way compare the Marriott to these true 5 star hotels. The prices, decor, service, security and clientele are of a completely different class. The Marriott is a good 4 star hotel. We used points for the boys room and we got a good deal on our Thames/Big Ben view room on the Marriott website. Both rooms were large for European standards. I had expected them to put the boys in &quot;a closet&quot; with no view for a redemption room, but their room was much larger than ours, had a queen pull out sofa bed and had the side view of the park, the Thames and the Eye. The decor is standard Marriott and the real king beds are a definite plus. Each room has double sets of windows to muffle the outside noise. We had specifically requested to be very close to the boys (we gladly would have paid to upgrade them) and they ended up 20 rooms down the hall and around the corner from us. This was a huge problem the first morning when the fire alarm went off at 7:15am and my husband had to get through the 2 sets of fire doors to reach their room. We experienced some irritating problems such as the 5 brass carpet strips on the 2nd floor hall carpets outside our room. Every room service and housekeeping cart sounded like they were going over speedbumps. It woke us up every morning. Not every floor has these irritating brass strips. There were none on the 4th or 5th floor en route to the pool. In order to use the pool you must stop and register at the health club on 4, take the elevator back up to 5 and go down the hall. We were not allowed to change in the main club with the boys, but were directed to 2 very small changing room inside of the pool area. There was only 1 locker free each visit ( cost 1 pound but will be refunded after each use)and each time we saw staff stuffing their personal belongings into the other lockers. Housekeeping was great in the boys room. Housekeeping in our room was a different story. Our bathroom trash was overflowing and went unemptied for 2 days. On our 2nd day the maid took away the mini bar beer opener. We had to go down the hall and borrow the boys opener. The opener again disappeared on day 3. We left the maid a note and a tip asking her to return it. It showed up only to be taken away again the next day! Very frustrating! Prices for the mini bar were very fair for a big city hotel. On our last night we returned after 11pm to find turndown had come but they had removed all of our towels. No one answered at housekeeping and it took the concierge over an hour to show up with towels! Concierge service was a huge disappointment. European concierges are usually the best, but were were given incorrect closing time for numerous attractions as well as wrong line and station stops for restaurants and shops. The biggest issue I have with this hotel is its location. Yes it is close to the tube and walking distance to many attractions. BUT...it is the most touristy place in London. The aquarium, Dali Museum, Namco station arcade and a Mc Donald's are all located on the lower level of the building with no security. The river walk outside the hotel is crowded 24/7 with street entertainers, street people etc. Safety?? The hotel usually, but not always had a person right inside the front door, but we were never asked if we were guests. You could come in the back door by Waterloo and never pass an employee before getting on the elevator. I would have felt much safer if they had installed an elevator that you needed to access with your key or even a code like the pool. Keep in mind the London Eye is right outside and they sweep the pods for bombs after each group exits. The staff had left the door to the office in the reception area open our last evening and one of our sons could clearly see a clipboard with bomb threat information printed on it in big letters!!!??? Needless to say I did not sleep that night. There had been demonstrations going on all week on Westminster bridge and parliment square with police in full riot gear. I know London is a big city, but this was not a location I would ever return to. I wish I would have spent the $1,000 per room per night and stayed at The Lanesborough. When we checked out, our bill was debited to our VISA in pounds. We did not notice until we got home that the boys bill, which included 1 night for their room and all our hotel meals and drinks was converted and charged to our VISA in dollars using an unfavorable rate??! This makes no sense?	
May 18 2009 	Awesome!!!!	Had a great weekend in London.Hotel gorgeous.15 minute walk to Leicester SquareVery courteous and friendly staff.Clean spacious room.Great River ViewNo downsides.	
May 4 2009 	The Best Place to Stay in London for Tourists	This hotel is steps from Westminster Abbey, Parliament, the Eye, No 10 Downing Street, the Churchill Museum and Cabinet War Rooms--everything you want to see and do! There is a BIG BUS CO. stop literally as you walk out the front door, so if a double decker bus ride is in your plan, convenience can not be beat! We took it to the Tower of London and then rode the boat back down the Thames. Loads of fun! The room was spacious enough for a family of 4, the staff was great, the beds were &quot;heavenly&quot; and the breakfast is not to be missed! I wouldn't stay anywhere else. They even managed to get us into a room when we arrived early in the morning. After flying all night, the hot shower was appreciated!	
Apr 24 2009 	A great stay at the Marriott County Hall	Just returned from a week in London. We initially booked a hotel and stayed one night in South London. Took the double decker bus tour The BIG Bus which is a must on your first day to see the lay of the land. After walking around we found the Thame River and saw the London Eye which is the gigantic ferris wheel and saw that the Marriott right next to it. We inquired and found a room and it was the best decision for our trip. The convenience of this hotel is a must with all the great sites within walking distance. There is a great park behind the hotel and the weekends are full of things to do just around the hotel itself. The staff and service were excellent, the hotel offers a wonderful swimming pool and workout facility probably the best in London. Definitely a wonderful place to stay with children as well. I highly recommend this hotel in the heart of London.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great choice for family trip - location service	We just went to London with our children (ages 6 and 10). The hotel was great! Perfect location for getting around to everything - between Waterloo and Westminster stops. Walking distance to most major sights and many restaurants. We had access to the executive lounge for continental breakfast (as well as all day snacks and drinks) - highly recommend! We never went to the restaurant, but room sevice was fairly good. The room was spacious and very quiet. We would definitely go back to this hotel again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Stay with Young Children	Our family stayed in this hotel for a week for Easter holiday and loved our choice very much. Some good things about this hotel:1. the room is spacious enough for a family of 4. in addition to two double beds, we also requested a roll away bed (for free) which was put right next to the window that was facing the London Eye. My 8 year old son loved this bed very much since every morning he woke up with London Eye welcoming him first.2. there are several small restaurants/cafes behind the hotel including a McDonald inside the County Hall. There is also a convenient store among these restaurants for you to buy every day necessitites - i.e. water, milk, instant noodles, yogurts. We find these restaurants very helpful and yummy enough - one middle-east restaurant serving full English breakfast (very yummy) from 8:00am, one bagel shop serving breakfast from 8:00am, one chinese egg noodle shop which is very popular and full with people most of the time and open from 11 am something, one English food restaurant Locale serving high standard meals, and one sandwich shop Subway.3. the location is very convenient with Waterloo station within 5-10 miniutes walking distance. Not only that we used this station to go to Hampton Cournt by South West Railway (which can be used to go to many other interesting places, i.e. chessington world of adventures), we can also use the subway station to go everywhere in London. Also, there are many shops in the station for an easy bite - Mark &amp; Spencer Simply Food, Burger King, McDonald, and many other small food shops selling muffins, sandwiches.It's also economical to use taxi to most major tourist points from the hotel, i.e. British Museum, Science Museum, London Tower, most within 10 pounds distance (single trip by subway for adult is 4 pounds, and 2 pounds for children)There is also a pier from London Eye which is right next to the hotel. Boats at this pier can bring you to Greenwich and London Tower.4. The hotel provides free good quality tea bags, coffee sachets, milk and sugar and hot chocolate powder in the room. My two sons enjoyed the hot chocolate very much. 5. The hotel in-door heated swimming pool is available for children from 9:00am to 7:00pm. My tow boys enjoyed it when it was raining day.I would highly recommend this hotel to family travellilng with young children.	
Mar 28 2009 	Nice Hotel/Great Location	I traveled to London during the last week of July, 2008 on business, and took my wife and teenage daughter with me so we could bookend a few days of sightseeing around a few days of meetings. We choose this hotel because we wanted to stick with the Marriot brand, and because this one got good write ups on TA and seemed to be near everything we wanted to see.The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are large and well kept. County Hall is a former government building, so the hallways are long and some of the rooms are a good walk from the elevators (lifts).It was unusually hot for London during the week we were there (above 90 degrees Fahrenheit and sunny every day for a week). This made sightseeing a joy, although I had to continuously re-wear one of the two pair of short pants I brought with me. Who expects to need more in the UK? The pleasant weather was a nice surprise. However, it was clear that the hotel air conditioning system was not up to the challenge. Our room was HOT each day during the day. At first the hotel staff offered excuses about needing a new condenser. However, on our second day there a maintenance engineer came to the room with a fan. He explained that the building is old, and the thick granite simply soaks in the heat. It is generally not a problem, as it is usually not so hot in London, especially on a continuous basis. Sleeping at night was fine - things cooled off enough to be comfortable. The locals with whom I was meeting did not feel the same way, because most of them don't have AC in their flats - so I stopped complaining. During our stay the hotel was undergoing the last bit of renovations to their front entrance on Westminster Bridge Road, so we did not get to see the main entrance until the morning of our departure. It was quiet nice.We did not eat at the hotel, or even have a drink there. We read so many reviews about the overpriced breakfasts that we didn't even give it a try. There are just so many other options in London for places to eat and drink, many nearby. There are seveal restaurants right across the street. Also, there are several small conveinence stores across the street if you want to grab coffee; a sandwich; a soda; or a bottle of wine. The best thing about this hotel is its location. To borrow a local phrase, the location is &quot;brilliant&quot;. It is on Westminster Bridge Road, right across the Westminster Bridge from the houses of Parliament, wiht a nice view of St. Stephen's Tower, atop of which sits Big Ben. Our room had a partial view of the Thames and the London Eye, which is right next to the hotel. There are two footbridges across the Thames nearby the hotel. There are many restaurants and pubs within easy walking distance of the Marriot County Hall. Also nearby were: Trafalgar Square; #10 Downing Steet; the Cabinet War Rooms and Museum; and Westminster Abbey. We did alot of walking.The hotel is also close to two tube stops - Waterloo Station and Embankment Station - which is just across the Thames. From these two stations you can get anywhere you want to go in London. We saw many incredible sights, and had a jolly good time! A few &quot;don't miss&quot; things.....The Big Bus Tour (not The Original Bus Tour). They pick you up right outside the hotel. Ride upstairs with the live guide. We did a full day, and hopped on and off at several locations. The Big Bus ticket also included several waking tours. Our daughter wanted to do the &quot;Ghosts By Gaslight Tour&quot;, whic was touted as a ghost tour of London. It turned out to be a &quot;pub crawl&quot;, with a ghostly theme. We started at The Sherlock Holmes Pub, near the Marriot, and hit several other watering holes before our tour guide Patsy, who was great, ended our walk at the Chesire Cheese on Fleet Street, rumored to be the oldest pub in London and the place which served the &quot;special meat pies&quot; made possible by Sweeny Todd. We also toured the Cabinet War Rooms and Chuchill Museum; the HMS Belfast; the Imperial War Museum; the Tower of London; Tower Bridge; and Buckinham Palace, which was open for tours while we were there.We are very much looking forward to returning to London and would not hesitate to stay here next time.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great location and building - Average hotel	The location is great next to the London Eye and being situated in the Old County Hall the building is amazing and full of history. Overall the room I had a on the sixth floor (612)was no different to any other Marriott hotel there was nothing special about it to make it 5 star. I was also situated at the back of the swimming pool and did not notice until I went to bed that the plant that runs the pool made a terrible humming noise that you cannot get away from. My only other critisim is that four of us met for breakfast it look 40 minutes for the food to arrive and every plate was not what we had ordered! Overall the location is great and the building amazing, the rooms and service average.	
Mar 18 2009 	Reliable and well located Marriott - With Usual Caveats	Overall the Marriott County Hall is a typical marriott. Very helpful staff, good service, and nicely appointed rooms. I sense in some areas it may be due for some minor refirbishment (carpets, lifts sound like they are on their last legs), but the rooms remain nice. Standard dilemma in the world of Hotels - constantly booking it and generating revenue versus expending capital to refresh and maintain the quality of the place.If you're into sightseeing with spouses/kids, then alot of sights are nearby - Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, London Eye, Cabinet War Rooms, etc.I have two suggestions for travellers who are budget conscious and hate wading through crowds. First, to get to the underground (Tube), you can either go to Waterloo station (behind the hotel), or cross Westminster Bridge to Westminster station - both locations are on the Jubilee line. If you want to get where you are going quickly, I would use the less obvious back door to the Marriott (glass door in the lobyy waiting area) and go to Waterloo. The packs of tourists mob Westminster and are all over the place, in addition to tramps, street performers, trash/rubbish etc. If that's your cup of tea, cross Westminster bridge to get to Westminster Underground. The sneaky back way is more open, airy, clean, and devoid of chaos. Aditionally Waterloo has several underground lines - and for Jubilee line, it only puts you one stop further down the line than Westminster.Secondly, don't pay 40 pounds for breakfast at the Hotel unless you get a good deal and it is inclusive in your rate. Right behind the hotel (out the now famous sneaky back door), is a Starbucks (coffee and pasty about 3.50 pounds) - or if you're going to Waterloo there are a gaggle of coffe and other refreshments served - including many which offer freshly prepared fruit. etc. I can't fathom paying $70-80 for a sub par breakfast, when you can fuel up for less than a 10th of that. Enjoy..	
Mar 13 2009 	Royal Treatment	Thank you County Hall Marriott for a truly incredible visit to London. We felt like honored guests and were treated royally for our entire visit. I stayed twice, once on a business trip and then returned a week later with family for a short vacation. We couldn't have asked for a more central location within a historic building. The English breakfast was included in our rate and it was wonderful. The concierge and bell staff were 5 star, I was never allowed to carry a lift a bag. Everyone was helpful, kind and friendly. The rooms were beautiful and large. My friend got a massage in the spa and said it was the best she had ever received. The day we were to leave was the night the snow storm hit London. The next morning we weren't sure about our van arriving to take us to the airport or flights leaving. The front desk staff, concierge and bell staff all did everything possible to help us. Phone#'s were provided, phone calls made for us and luggage quickly loaded to get us on our way.	
Mar 9 2009 	Beautifull Hotell Great location	We Stayed Marriot County Hall with 2 teenagers (11 and 13). Location is just great - lots of sights in walking distance. Waterloo station also near by. We had a Big Ben View room with 2 queen size beds. The room was clean, spacious and the view is superb. Hotel staff is really helpful. There is a nice big pool in 5th floor. Some London tour agencies will also pick you up from County Hall. We had a Golden Tours Sightseeing tour booked and pickup worked nicely. Overall we were really pleased. We will stay there again.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great architecture 	Stayed here mid January for a Monday night for business reasons, only short walk from Waterloo Station and great location on river bank right next to the Eye and opposite Big Ben. Efficient and polite concierge greeting on arrival, however receptionist was very brusque and formal with no smile (only downside). We had asked for early check in (at noon) and room was ready and all as requested with river view at supplement, well worth it as great view on 4th floor. Room was very spacious with huge modern bathroom and separate huge walk in dressing room. Couldn't understand previous comments about swimming pool not easy to find as I found signposting fine, maybe they've improved it...certainly very large and airy swimming pool, they claim the biggest in London with natural light and its on the top floor ! Didn't swim in it myself but it looked very tempting. Room was amazingly quiet despite closeness to Big Ben chimes and the traffic on the bridge. We had afternoon tea in the old Library overlooking Thames which was real old fashioned English afternoon tea (tip- you need to book a table ahead at reception,there are 2 sittings ) - with scones, jam, cream, cucumber sandwiches etc, in wood panelled period room - expensive but one tea was enough for nearly 3 of us. Breakfast next morning was fresh and well presented. Beds were super comfy. Overall a very convenient place to stay, seemed to be very popular with business travellers, especially Americans, so probably not so child friendly. If you like architecture and history, this hotel has plenty of it making it an interesting place to stay. Would definitely stay again, especially if the receptionist can smile !	
Feb 24 2009 	Lovely Hotel Superb locatio.	Have just spent 1 night at the Marriott County Hall.On arrival geeted by the doorman who explained where to leave car.We had arranged to have an early check and when we arrived with our 7 yr old at 10.30am we were shown straight to our roomWe had booked a river view but were overjoyed to find that we had a Big Ben view for no extra cost!Room furnishings superb ,bathrobes provided.A little surprised that a 5 star hotel did not have flat screen tv and no ipod docking station as was described in room description but that is only a minor flawWe used the superb pool and had no problems using the changing rooms in the club no one said that children were no allowed to use them and everybody was very helpful.Breakfast was a buffet and was adequate ,have had better in other 5 stars,waiting staff pleasant and helpful,Would happily stay here again.	
Feb 23 2009 	Location Location Location	Excellant location chosen after reading reveiws for city centre five star hotels with swimming pools. Booked through Marriot some three months prior to visit and everything was as should have been on arrival . I booked an escape package from marriot which included breakfast and London eye vouchers .I would advise getting there early to avoid queues. Many other attractions within fifteen to twenty minutes walk from hotel. Room booked had big ben view and I was impresed with the level of quietness and calm in the middle of a busy city. City tour buses can be boarded at the front door and the underground tube station at Waterloo is only five minutes walk from the hotel. This is probably the cheapest way to get aroud . I used taxis acouple of times for convenience and they were expensive .Only downside to hotel was the swimming pool, or rather signage and use of it . I had seen this with other reviews before travelling and so did a visit to the pool reception to speak to staff before using the facility but even so getting there on the day proved difficult because of the need to use a four digit code to gain access form the changing areas to the pool itself . During my visit I was asked for directions by other guests trying to find their way to the pool so I was not the only one having problems.	
Feb 20 2009 	shabby poor service dreadful food.	Booked 2 night stay with husband and 2 children - one baby and one 11 yr old. Booked Big Ben view room had asked for room we would all fit in ok. arrived and room tiny asked to move to bigger room - paid to upgrade to a Big Ben view suite £350 per night. Room 353. Executive level 4 access with this room which is a coneirge service. Our room shabby, travel cot provided had horrible sagging base and dirty mesh. 11 year old had camp bed which she nicknamed her &quot;war bed&quot; as was old metal framed which did not look or feel appealing, plug had to be prised out of bath, towels and dressing gowns very tired looking. Ordered room service first night finally arrived after nearly an hour. burger was totally raw - had to phone manager to comeup. she agreed was uncooked and should not be touched! She said if we became ill in night to contact her who would get a doctor. The meal was already free as they advertise if their food is not delivered within 45 minutes then the meal is free. When I phoned down to the room service after 50 minutes she tried bartering with me and said how about just free desserts!! I said they advertise the whole meal is free -she agreed finally. The food was awful and cold when it came anyway. Didnt eat at hotel again. The executive lounge was pretty pathetic. Table cloths had holes in. The fire alarm that is tested every Thursday morning between 10:15am and 10:30am was still going off at 10:45am and when I spoke to the manager about it he said it goes off a few times between 1015 and 1030. It was 10:45 when I spoke to him and suggested he look at his watch or out the window at Big Ben and why was it still intermittently going off!!! The Food &amp; Beverage Manager /guest relation manager was supposed to contact me but found her just before we left and I asked why she had not contacted us and she said she had tried our room twice but we were out. I asked why she had not left a message on the room phone and she said the messaging service is broken! On checking out invoices could not be printed as the computer printers were broken. Not allowed in the &quot;nice&quot; swimming pool changing rooms with children. The whole place is more geared up for business travellers. The baby pram had to be carried up and down the entrance steps as their lift is locked and it became a big palava trying to gain access to it. The rooms are tired looking and there is no attention to detail. The guest relation manager gave me her card and told me to book directly with her and give them a chance by staying there again. I was honest and said no way would we come back. We went to London last month and stayed at the Dorchester which was just absolutely perfect. never again to a Marriott.	
Jan 22 2009 	Good stay overall	I've been meaning to write this review for a while - I stayed at the Marriott County Hall when I was in London on business and loved it. Such an interesting building. The only downer was getting into London, jet lagged, and not being able to check in immediately. I know it was a busy time but I ended up having to wait a few hours before checking in. Regardless, the staff was very nice and the concierge was helpful.The room was nice; it had a view of the Eye of London and the Thames which was great. The windows were double paned so the chime of Big Ben, across the river, didn't keep sleepers up, but you could open the windows if you wanted. There was also quite a bit of construction around the hotel - on the main entrance and such. It didn't really interfere with anything but I'd like to visit again when it's all complete.	
Jan 11 2009	Old world charm filled with history.	Booked this property through Priceline and paid $226 USD per night for a total of $544.17 for two nights including all taxes and fees.Arrived from Paris on New Year's Day. No unreasonable wait for check in. Presented my Marriott rewards card and despite an early arrival of 2:00 p.m., was able to check in immediately and head directly to room. My son and I were given room 431 which, at first, I entered with some trepidation. I kept walking and walking and the room did not seem to end. Upon checking the map on the back of the door I realized that we had been given one of the largest rooms on the floor. Needless to say, I was more than satisfied with the room considering we were a Priceline guest.The room had two double beds with duvets and the most comfortable mattress we experienced in Europe. There was also a three person sofa and an easy chair, coffee table and small wet bar area. Inside the front door was a three panel, mirrored, sliding door.The bathroom was large with standard hotel toiletries. Robes were provided in the front closet.In room coffee and tea supplies with complimentary short bread cookies and evening chocoates were provided. A newspaper was provided each morning.As other reviewers have stated it is quite a long walk from the elevators to where most of the rooms are. This would seem understandable when realizes the history of the building and the fact that it has been converted into a hotel. We did not mind the walk.To read the history of the hotel, provided in the in-room hotel guide and then walk around the main floor of the hotel is to walk back in time. Instead of using the main hotel enterance (which in itself is beautiful), walk out the back door and into the rest of County Hall. Before walking down the grand marble staircase (to the awaiting Starbucks across the street), I would often pause to read the main names, some I even recognize, engraved into the marble walls. A history buff would love this place.I did not eat at the hotel so I am unable to comment on the prices or ambiance of the restaurants. I also did not take advantage of the indoor pool, but from what I understand from other reviewers it would have been a challenge to find anyway. The mere fact that there is a pool at all in that old building is an accomplishment in itself.Our room did not have a view of the river, but did overlook a quiet courtyard, which allowed us to keep the window open a crack at night for fresh air.The London Eye is directly outside of the hotel and there are many fast food options located in the same building. The tube is a bit of a walk to either the Waterloo station or Westminster station. (about 5-10 minutes to either) However, many buses pass directly in front of the hotel, which we never used since I have not fully mastered the busses in London yet.There was Internet, for a fee, in the business center which was adjacent to the main entry.Overall I was impressed with the hotel, room, staff and location. It was a great end to a wonderful two week European vacation.	
Jan 7 2009 	True Heart of London	Wanted to stay in the Heart of London for Christmas; Dickens and all that. Booked a stay at the Marriott London County Hall because of its great location. Surprised our seven year old daughter with the news and she was thrilled but worried that Santa would not find her. Contacted the London Marriott and when we arrived they began to make arrangements for Santa to find her. Christmas morning they called the room and confirmed the details of Santa's visit and arranged for her gifts that we had brought along to be given in person by Santa. Our daughter was speechless with excitement. The staff (all great and especially, terrific concerieges) was wonderful during the entire stay but they really went out of their way to ensure that a young girl had a visit to remember. The Events Organiser, Maria Novelli, really worked to make our daughter's Christmas special. We thought we were staying in the Heart of London but the Marriott crew showed us the &quot;True Heart of London&quot;.	
Dec 30 2008 	Disappointing	Just returned from a one night stay with the family. We've stayed before but this time standards had dropped. For a five star hotel little things such as very slow bar service, rude staff (the restaurant manager at breakfast asked us if we could hurry up as they were busy, presumably he wanted the table for someone else), stains on bedroom units and a cracked mirror in the bedroom are disappointing.Hope things improve but we won't be going back when there are so many hotels to choose from.	
Dec 29 2008 	room 434: fab!	OK it's expensive to stay there, but the room was really nice, large, clean, with amazing linen and toiletries. Location is great, staff dilligent (the concierge advised us on very good restaurants around). the only downside I must say is the access to the pool which is like a cruisade and it's got to be improved.	
Dec 18 2008	Great Views	Stayed for one night in December, paid extra for river view room.Beautiful hotel, well maintained &amp; clean.Check in very formal, insisted that staff must carry bags to room for you. Personally we find this a bit overbearing.Huge room, huge bed, fantastic views of river, London Eye, Big Ben, Houses of Parliament.Deep bath filled in no time.Swimming pool excellent.Staff at breakfast a little over bearing, we got told off for pouring our own orange juice. Food was good, plenty of choice.Used express checkout as we had no extras to pay for. On return found that we had been charged for breakfast which was included in room rate. Sent email explaining the problem &amp; it was sorted immediately.The river view room was special, but think there are better value options if you just want a standard room.	
Dec 3 2008 	Rude Welcome	My family arrived after travelling several hours and were greeted with confusion and a generally rude attitude at the front desk. We were informed that we would need a second room at over $250 USD since we had three adults and one child (my husband, myself, our 20 and 13 year old sons). We had used Marriott Rewards points and was not aware of this &quot;rule.&quot; Having just come from four nights at a Hilton in France where we were treated like VIPs because we were Hilton Honors members, here we were treated like vagabonds with a &quot;free&quot; room trying to pull off a fast one. I was humiliated in front of my children and asked to step aside and sit in the lobby for about 20 minutes while &quot;paying&quot; guests were pleasantly checked in and we were ignored.When I asked when our rooms would be ready I was told icily &quot;Check in is at 3 pm.&quot; NO KIDDING?? Finally, after the manager was unable to contact Marriott to get us a second room using our reward points, she begrudgingly allowed us to check into our room. We earned those Marriott Reward points by spending thousands of dollars at their resort hotels but they can rest assured we WON'T BE BACK!One final note. We are experienced travellers and my reviews in the past have been almost always positive. It takes a lot to enrage me the way the Marriott did. We work very hard for our money and our vacations are important to us.	
Nov 24 2008 	great hotel great location	This is the second time I've stayed in this wonderful hotel (stayed there previously in August 2004), and it's gotten even better -- renovated since I'd been there. Tour books such as Frommers overlook this one (I guess because it is part of a chain?), but you can't beat it for location if you want to see the sights of London. The hotel is on the bank of the Thames and just across the Westminster Bridge. You can see Big Ben from the hotel. It's about a block from the Westminster tube. Westminster Abbey and Buckingham palace are a short walk away. The Dali Museum, Marine Science Museum, and a McDonalds (handy if you have kids) are in the same building as the Marriott, which was formerly a government building. Wonderful architecture. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Do not know cost as I stayed with Marriott points.	
Nov 24 2008 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed in this hotel for one night in Nov 2008. The location of this hotel is fantastic. We had a room facing the Thames with views of the Houses of Parliment and London Eye. The room itself was a really good size, clean with a nice sized bathroom and mini-bar.The bar is really nice in the hotel again with great views and friendly staff. You can have breakfast in the same area but it is expensive for what it is (&gt;£20). We had it included as part of our room rate but I wouldn't bother personally.Overall, the location of this hotel is great with stunning views.... loved it.	
Nov 12 2008 	County Hall - Great destination!	County Hall was a great experience for us. Our room overlooked the Houses of Parliament to one side and the London Eye to the other. The room was larger than average and easily accomodated my husband, 2 kids and I. The location was just great for sightseeing and it was such a great view! Also, walking around the hotel was fascinating. It was previously the headquarters for Greater London Council so has a full history. There are cheaper places to stay but we really enjoyed our stay here. Only complaint was a long check-out.	
Nov 11 2008	Rodents and swimming pool adventure	I think I must have stayed in a different hotel to most people who seem to have reviewed County Hall. Yes, the location is fantastic with awesome views of big ben or the London Eye but that said it is by far a perfect hotel.My main two gripes are:1. Whist trying to get to sleep on the first night I heard strange scratching noises. I thought nothing of it. The next morning I noticed there were mice/rat droppings all over the bathroom floor. Fortunately I was given a new room and I slept rodent free the next night.2. I think I walked about an extra three of four miles the day I tried to use the swimming pool. It was the most complicated puzzle I have ever had to undertake involving various codes on little pieces of paper, key cards and floor changes. It took me about 30 minutes to get from my room to the pool. Oh, and be careful not to lose, or get wet your little piece of paper with the door code on it otherwise you might end up stuck in the main hotel corridor soaking wet in your swimming costume.	
Oct 28 2008	Marriott London County Hall	The County Hall is across The Thames from where most tourists want to be. The walk isn't bad if it isn't raining; however, it rained the entire week we were there in July. This hotel is most definitely a business hotel making it feel deserted and unwelcoming during the day. The concierge was from Brazil and knew nothing about navigating London, nor could he give any restaurant suggestions. Our room was without air conditioning for two nights (a primary reason I booked Marriott). We had alerted the staff to this fact, and they said it would be fixed while we were out to dinner. Upon our return the air was not only not fixed, but they left a broken fan in our room as compensation. We decided to tough it out and went to sleep. At 2:00 I woke up in a sweat and went to talk to the night manager who was surly at best. We were finally switched on the third day. All in all this was a very disappointing hotel. I wouldn't go to London again if this was the only hotel available.	
Oct 18 2008 	Fantastic!	Stayed for three nights at the beginning of October. Upon check-in, we found the poor front desk associate, Emily, being told off by a 'gentleman' who was irate at having to pay a charge for checking out at 9pm!!! Hello!? She was very calm and professional while she handled this matter and remained very composed. We were impressed with her demeanor, especially since I was about to tell him to 'back off'! Anyway, after this scene, we were checked in promptly and upgraded to a balcony room overlooking the Thames. It was more than perfect.Room was spotless, had a separate seating area with fold-out couch. Plenty of room. Bed was comfortable and hard to get out of on the rainy and cold mornings.There was an outrageous charge for wireless, forget exactly what it was but when converted to USD was about $30, almost the amount of my monthly bill! Bit ridiculous. You can use business center to print your boarding pass, without a charge.Had room service for breakfast, it was prompt, food was good.Location couldn't have been better for what we wanted to do. London Eye and lots of activity right along the Thames. Tour buses pick-up directly in front of hotel. We walked to the Changing of the Guard, Picadilly Circus, Gabriel's Wharf and several other places. Directly behind hotel is a quiet street with some good choices for lunch and dinner. We had lunch at the Noodle Box, it was cheap and okay, and dinner at an italian called Cucina maybe? Across the Thames are a couple of boats that have been converted into bars, pretty neat.Area around hotel gets very quiet at night but taxis were plentiful and not too pricey.Not sure about transportation from/to airport. We used a car service which was about $100 USD rt. We thought it was worth it since it was our first time to London and we had no idea where we were going. Unfortunately, the driver was from Somalia and didn't know where the hotel was. LOL. I'd say to allow at least 30-45 minutes to get to airport from hotel.All in all, it really was great.....	
Sep 18 2008 	3 Dressed up as a 9	Issues: Baggage Delivery, No front counter service, promotions not as advertised, upsold in restaurant.I usually try and write positive reviews and give the benefit of the doubt but this particular stay August 24th to 26th everything went wrong. I am a Silver Elite Member of Marriott Hotels. I purposely held off from writing this review for a few weeks as I had sent a comment card with all of my concerns and gave Marriott an opportunity to reply. I have heard nothing from them as of the date of this posting.Arrival: My wife, son and I had our bags taken for room delivery at the door. I was given a ticket for it. Head for the check-in. There was a gentleman in front of me waiting in line and no one at the front desk. About 3 minutes later a staff member arrives. The first person gets served and then it's my turn. Easy check and gave the front desk clerk my luggage tag. I was given a card saying I could get 50% off my total bill at breakfast. Get to the room. No luggage yet. My wife has a shower and I go and find a store to pick up some wine. I get back 45 minutes later and still no luggage and my wife is sitting around waiting to change. I called the front desk and our luggage arrived 20 minutes later. I could have brought it up myself on the way back from the store!Room: Beautiful room and really enjoyed the atmosphere. There was a light bulb out. We called housekeeping and it was looked after quickly and efficently.Breakfast: 20 pounds for the buffet. Why not I said since I am getting 50% off the bill. My wife only wants something a la carte at 13.50 pounds. The server discourages us saying it will take the kitchen a long time to get it out. My wife did not like that answer and asked the hostess. The hostess verifed the slow kitchen and was told the buffet included what she wanted. Good breakfast then came the bill. 50% of 60 should be 30 pounds. Well it turns out you get one meal free and pay for the rest. THE CARD DID NOT SAY THAT!. So I paid the 40 pounds. Iasked the hostess and she said we had been charged correctly. I went to the front desk and was told the same thing while I had their promotion in my hand!I believe when someone pays almost $400 a night to stay at a hotel you should receive outstanding service. I have had better service from Marriott's budget hotels (Courtyard and Residence Inn). Hence my title 3 dressed up as a 9. I have since cancelled my mother's stay at the Marriott at Heathrow ibn October.I have also cancelled my Marriott account and Visa card and now give my business to Hyatt and Westin hotels.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location	The Marriott was undergoing construction at the time of our stay, but the staff was wonderful, and helped out with directions and getting around the construction. Food was good, with typical Marriott dependability. The location made London so easy to get around. easy walking, cab accessibility, and close to Waterloo station. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 2 2008 	I must have stayed in a different hotel to everyone else	i used Marriott points to stay in this hotel for 2 nites in August. I think we may have been spoilt by all recent times in asia, because this Marriott hotel did not match up to any other Marriott i have ever stayed at . Even my 2 kids thought it was dark and dull.I was charged an extra 50 quid per nite for the room that my points allowed me to book - supposedly for the river view and EXECUTIVE CLUB benefits, incl breakfast. Knowing that the breakfast would have been expensive otherwise (and what kid doesn't love a hotel breakfast ?) I agreed to the supplement. As well as breakfast, the Exec. Lounge was supposed to offer canapes between 5-7pm and desserts from 7-9pm. This is where the hotel really lets its guests down. Our hotel room was ok - very comfy beds, a view of the thames (managed to headbutt the window a few times though as there is internal glazing as well as the original windows). the rest of the room is very dated but adequate. It certainly won't win any design awards. I popped up to have a look at the Executive Lounge. It was a small room, with a few tables and chairs, and it was dark and dingy with no natural light. I thought exec facilities were supposed to be BETTER than regular hotel ones. NOT WORSE. I told reception I didn't want to have to eat my breakfast in that horrible dark room. She said we could order continental breakfast from room service and just pay the extra 3 pounds tray charge. WE did this, but the order arrived with wrong items. The next day , rather than have a wrong breakfast again, we thought we'd brave the executive lounge. We walked in, and stood for a good 5 mins. Staff finally approached. the room had no space. There were even people eat from very low (coffee table style) tables. To our advantage, we were given a voucher to have breakfast at the proper restaurant downstairs with floods of natural light and a view of the london eye. This was more like it. In addition we could have whatever we wanted fro breakfast - not just cornflakes and toast. Credit to the Marriott for doing this, but my gut feeling was right. the exec lounge is not a nice place for hanging out in. WE checked out the DESSERT session one evening. I kid you not, there were 3 slices of fruit cake and that was it. this was probably left over from afternoon tea downstairs. We walked out again. The hotel was was ok , but kids cannot use the health club changing rooms - they have to use ones down by the pool. Which is fine, but no-one offered us any locker facilities to lock our belongings away. Towels were not obviously available neither and the drinks vending machine did not work So, the location is good, plus you can get 2 double beds in a room, which is great for families. My suggestion would be to DECLINE the offer of the exec facilities, stick with whatever room they give you (chances are it will be a river view anyway), and buy your breakfast elsewhere OR, pay the 50 quid if you want the guaranteed river view room. but try and insist on breakfast in the normal restaurant. Trust me, the exec lounge is not worth a penny.	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice Hotel Great Location	The hotel is built in the old county hall building - gives it quite a bit of character. The rooms are standard Marriott rooms, and pretty roomy for London. As others have noted, the location is just incomparable for a tourist - its just perfect. Half the things you go to London to see are within a few minutes walking distance. And for everything else there are a couple of tube stations quite close by. The only cons I have are:- Due to the design of the building, there is only one elevator bank, so if your room is at one end, it can be quite a long walk to get there. i once spent about 20-25 mins going back and forth when I forgot something in the room and then the key wouldn't work so I had to go back to the reception.- Also, the restaurant sucks. This is not a great negative, as there are tons of other eating options (cheap and high-end) within a very short distance of the hotel.	
Aug 23 2008 	Meh. It's OK.	If you like the south bank, and I do, then the location is splendid. Right on the river, terrific view of Big Ben, close to all the buzz.... and that's about it.The room itself was of an adequate size; the bed was average; the furniture was bland but in reasonable condition; room service was reasonably prompt but the food nothing to write home about.Service? Fair but unmemorable.In short, the sort of place to rest your head for a night but don't expect anything exceptional (in a good way or not.)	
Aug 17 2008 	Excellent views and location at the Marriott County Hall	We just returned from the UK and stayed in the Marriott County Hall twice during our trip: the first time for three nights after we arrived in London and the second time for just the one night before we flew home. I couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel and its location. For our three night stay, I booked a Thames River view room and that is exactly what we got -- and a dead-on view of the London Eye as well! The room was attractive and the rollaway they brought in for my son was quite comfortable. For the second stay, I did not book a view room (figuring that it was an unneeded expense for just an overnight) but was pleasanty surprised to find that we were upgraded without asking to a Big Ben View room -- fantastic view and again a lovely room -- a bit more spacious than the first. I would highly recommend this hotel -- I will definitely stay there again-- and I strongly suggest a view room on one of the upper floors (3rd floor or above). In addition, the location is a big plus -- a short walk to 3 underground stations and the Waterloo train station. The hotel is situated next to Jubilee Park on one side and the Westminster Bridge on the other. The staff is amiable and capable. We did not eat in the hotel; our one and only complaint about the two bars is that they have no draft, only bottled beers/ales -- normally we would not notice this, but the UK always puts us in the mood for a pint!	
Aug 15 2008 	Amazing Value in London	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in late July with my Marriott rewards points. Upon confirming my reservation I was offered to upgrade to a riverview room with lounge access (I'm only silver elite so dont regularly get access) for 30 pounds. I decied to decline the offer at that time. However, at check-in the same offer was extended to me at a rate of 50 pound per night. The inconsistency quickly became a concern for me and I therefore declined the upgrade at that time as well. I was assigned room #525 and to my surprise it was a riverview room with spectacular view of Big Ben, Thames River and the London Eye! The hotel appeared to be pretty full so they were probably counting on me accepting the upgrade yet I declined and was still given the upgraded room. The room was very spacious and I must mention the beds were amazing! On my first day I went back to sleep twice before finally waking up! My room contained a spacious full marble bath and a seperate dressing area. I didn't use the internet as it was costly, so I can't comment on that. The hotel was spotless for the most part, however I felt the health club could have been maintained better. The health club does indeed have the largest pool in a London hotel. The cardio equipment was 7-8 years old and is in need of replacement. The strength equipment was brandnew Technogym (highend line) and I assume the hotel intends to upgrade the cardio equipment in the future. While one shouldn't expect service like at the Four Seasons, this hotel is amazingly well run. Every single staff member was polite and quickly responded to any requests I had.	
Aug 4 2008 	Good Room Great Location	I don't believe that there exists a hotel with a better view of London than this one. The building itself if on the historic side, and with that comes the usual dated feel. The lobby, interior of the hotel was very nice. The room although on the smallish side was new, clean and comfortable. On the negative side, our room was fairly far away from the elevator and we had some issues with the cold water from the tap in the bathroom. There are two handles one hot, the other cold. Ocasionally, the cold water never came, although the tap was wide open.... We attributed this problem to the historic nature of the hotel. Other than that, it's a very comfortable place and the staff is very friendly, I'd absolutely stay here again!	
Jul 28 2008 	Fabulous Location in a beautiful Marriot	I stayed at the County Hall Marriot primarily for business during the week but then for pleasure over the weekend. This Marriot will not disappoint in the quality of the rooms/food etc. It was all you would expect from a Marriot with a fabulous location. I could see the London Eye and the Thames river from my window. The Westminster Tube stop (subway) is just across the bridge. It's cheaper and easier to just buy a week or day pass than individual tickets in most cases. If you'd like a little low key shopping and to support local artists there is a place called Gabriel's Wharf about a 5 minute walk away. If you are standing in front of the Marriot looking at the Thames go right. About 5-10 minutes down you will see a row of shops tucked back off the main drag. There are some great little shops in there with everything from hand knit wool to funky one a kind dresses to paintings. It's a relaxed area of probably about 10 shops without the throngs of people. A great place to eat is also on the way to Gabriel's wharf. It's called Giraffe. They cater to all kinds including kids. It's a large place and fairly loud but the food is really good. I recommend Pims lemonade if you'd like to try a really nice summer drink. If you happend to be a lover of salads with actual baby spinach and greens as opposed to a piece of iceburg lettuce and one chopped olive you can get it here.As for the hotel itself, it is truly massive and it took me about 10 minutes to actual get to my room. If you have a tough time walking you will want to ask for a room close to the lifts (elevators).	
Jul 22 2008	Great location	We stayed 2 nights in London during the end of June. There were a lot of tourists. The hotel was in an excellent location that is close to everything. We were given a garden view room. The room is quite small, but had plenty of amenities to compensate. The only thing we didn't like about the hotel is its layout. It was originally a county hall, and was not laid out as a hotel, so in order to get to our room, it literally takes us at least 5 - 10 minutes. After a day of walking, the extra walk can be very tiresome. The front desk is very helpful. Overall we did enjoy our stay, but we do think it's more a 4 star than a 5 star if not for it's location.	
Jul 11 2008 	Excellent	Excellent location and comfort. We had a large room facing the Thames, very comfortable furniture, an excellent bed with an abundance of pillows and a wondeful bath. You can really not ask for more. Staff was friendly and helpful, the bar was pleasant and the restaurant seved good food at relatively reasonable prices. Continetal breakfast was good but expensive.	
May 30 2008 	Nice hotel in London	We started our European vacation in London. I used my Mariott points to book the room. I booked in in August of 2007 for May 2008. I tried to book an upgrade room that had the view and the executive lounge but I was told they weren't available. I was told that I could pay 30 pounds a night to get the view, if it was available. I called a couple of times at requested this and also an early check-in since we were arriving around 9AM. When we arrive they told us we could get the room at 11Am, which isnt bad for a hotel nowadays. The upgrade room wasnt available but they gave us a room at the very end of the hotel. The room had a partial river view, partial London eye view and a view of the park. As it ended up I think this was probably better than a complete river view, except we couldn't see Big Ben at night. I did save the money and the points. As for this type of room if you aren't getting the river view.The room was good, except for the small TV. My wife liked the tea maker or should say the machine that quickly heats the water.The concierge was very helpful and there was always someone covering the desk. They helped us with several items.The best part of the hotel is the location. It is right on the south bank and next to the Waterloo Underground and the Waterloo train station.	
May 25 2008 	Nice building great location but kind of disappointed in the hotel itself	My wife and I stayed here for five nights in May 2008. The building itself is beautiful and old, and used to serve as the seat of city government. Marriott has taken over part of the building as a hotel. The location is fabulous, in the South Bank area right across the Thames from Big Ben. When booking the hotel many months ahead of time on a Marriott rewards package, we specifically asked for a Thames view room and were assured that would happen. When we actually registered, though, we were told we could only have that kind of room with an extra 50 pounds per night surcharge. We agreed to that, but were disappointed that the promise was not kept. The room itself was nice, clean, and comfortable. The coffee supplies were not restocked completely by the maids, so we had to do that ourselves. One afternoon the fire alarm sounded for about 10 minutes while we were in our room. There either is no speaker system in the rooms to let guests know what to do, or the hotel management did not use it. We called the front desk, but got no answer after about 20 rings. We decided to evacuate, and it was a fellow guest who advised us after we hit the first floor area that we could return to our rooms, that the alarm had been set off by a cigarette somewhere. Another night we were awakend at 10 minutes after midnight by a phone call from room service asking if we had ordered anything. We had not, and it was not pleasant to be awakened in that way. One would hope room service could keep closer track of who is ordering late at night. Finally, at check out, there was a 168 pound &quot;accommodation charge&quot; listed on our bill. When we asked what that was about, the front desk removed the charge, saying it was in error. These were the main disappointments, and we expect a higher standard from Marriott. On the other hand, the individual staff members themselves were always very helpful, friendly, and responsive to questions about things to do and see. And the location of the hotel itself is superb.	
May 24 2008 	Nice hotel	County Hall is a lovely hotel located right beside the London Eye. Renovations on the main entrance are going on at the moment so you have to use a side enterance. It adds about 3 mins extra to the trip to reception. Doormen etc are there to help with luggage.We had a very nice room but it was located about a mile away from the elevator. It took at least five mins if not more to walk to our room. They could definitely do with another set of elevators! That was the only real inconvenience.the room was comprised of a small sitting room, bathroom and bedroom. I thought that the room was up to five star standard, spotless, tea/coffee facilities, turn down service, robes etc. The bathroom was very plain though, i would have expected something more luxurious from a five star. only small dripes: v small tvs in both rooms, could hear child crying in room beside us on one of the nights , stopper in bath didnt work so we could only take showers. Also the concierge was never there when we tried to get him (3 times in three days).Didnt eat in hotel so cant comment on food. 24hr newsagent accross from side enterance of hotel is handy. We also ate in the noodle bar ( was ok, cheap, food overly salty) and the Italian (main course was nice but neither of us could eat the deserts). Right beside london eye. prebook tickets if you can, if not head down early as it gets really busy.	
May 21 2008 	Great Location and Hotel	Location, Location, Location! This hotel is conveniently located near the houses of parliament, big ben and the London Eye. Staff are friendly and there are porters available to take in your bags for you. My wife and I arrived at the hotel around 9 AM after our trans-atlantic flight. I requested an early check in but found that our room wasn't ready yet. I kind of expected that and the hotel stored our bags for us for a couple of hours until the room was ready. The hotel is located inside the County Hall building with many other establishments. They were doing construction on the front entrance so you had to go around the back and walk around. This added about 3 minutes to everytime you want to enter or exit the hotel. I think they are done with this construction in the next month or so. Although I'm sure the hotel was fully booked we never seemed to run into many other guest would gave you a nice feeling of privacy. There's an olympic sized pool on the 5th floor that is worth a visit to. It's a nice way to relax after a long day in the big city.I booked the stay on Marriott Rewards points so I can't really comment on the cost. It was worth the 90,000 points for the 3 nights though.	
May 20 2008 	Hotel was great	We enjoyed the hotel itself very much. Our room had a view of Big Ben and the Parliment buildings. Room was very nice with comfortable bed. I would not however give the room a 5 star rating. More like high 3 or 4. Bath left a lot to be desired. The shower was in the tub and had a curtain that kept wanting to blow in and stick to the person showering. Glass door on shower would be much better. Our biggest displeasure was with the breakfast program. By the way, if breakfast was not included with our room I wouldn't have eaten at the Marriott. A normal breakfast with eggs, meat and potatoes was 20.95 pounds or around $42.00 per person!! In any event, the breakfast was served with cold toast and cold butter. Our waitress didn't really understand English. Our second day at breakfast was on Saturday and the restaurant doesn't open until 7AM. Seems that the help shows up at 7AM so they aren't ready to begin until around 7:15AM. I ordered an omelet off the buffet and after 1/2 hour cancelled it. My wife and our friend tried to eat off the buffet but the eggs must have been powdered eggs because they were viturally tasteless. You get the picture. The food was not up to par. We didn't eat dinner at the hotel. We did eat at a small Italian place just across the street and it was very good.	
May 16 2008 	great	We stayed here on the weekend of the london marathon, so the hotel was pretty full. Nonetheless all our room requests were met and the hotel never semed crowded. The pool was lovely- all one depth with floats ( noodles) provided for children. There were limited children's hours so anyone wanting a quiet, child-free swim was able to do so. Breakfast was included in our rate and was excellent, hot and cold buffet plus a la carte specials cooked to order. We were always given a corner table which meant that our children weren't anoying other tables and we could relax. The staff were, without exception, lovely, hitting the right mix of being helpful but not obtrusive. Our room was large with 2 double beds, as per our request, and plenty of room for a cot. All very clean. Evening turndown as you'd expect of this class/ priced hotel. We had a view of the river and london eye which we didn't request but would do if we stay again since it was very quiet.There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance- [I would recommend the italian on Belvedere Road (rear entrance to hotel) for a child friendly meal.]Westminster tube is nearby but it is an easy and pleasant walk to Bond Street or Regent Street.So, great location , great hotel and I'd definately return.	
Apr 2 2008	wonderfully brilliant	We have just returned from a wonderful long weekend break at the marriott.Their slogan is &quot;the only thing overlooked is big ben&quot;and this is definately true.we had a river view room which we contacted the hotel directly to upgrade to, and its well worth the £30 extra a night.the breakfast which was outstanding was included in the room rate, i don't know if i would of paid the £20 odd to have it otherwise, but it was really really lovely. And i would say if you can afford it then why not!!the beds were the most comfortablest i have ever slept in.all the usual stuff that you get in a 5* hotel, plus little extra touches which are not standard. just for instance a really good quality kettle, not those awful white ones with the too short lead!the bathroom is spotless and the shower almost knocks you over its so powerfulthe staff can't do enough to help and are very friendly.room service for the standard of hotel is reasonably priced and fairly quick.the front is still being renovated but it isn't that much of an annoyance really, you just get used to going around the side and there are plenty of doormen there to help get taxi's etc.the gym is amazing they have over 20 treadmills alone! And some machines i have never even seen before.the pool is warm and very clean.all in all if you don't like this hotel you must be one of those weird people who don't like chocolate either!!we will definately be returning 10/10	
Mar 27 2008 	Great hotel....	We stayed in hotel 3days, the rooms are very big,comfortable. Bed's are big, the staff was very kind&amp;helpful.Breakfast was good.The swimming-pool was big&amp;clean,there was a good restaurant in the hotel. We enjoyed our vacation.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Tourist Headquarters!	My husband, 19 year old son and I stayed at this hotel for three nights before Easter. We paid for our stay using Marriott points and were initially told that we'd have one bed and a rollaway. Prior to our departure I let the hotel know that we preferred two beds and upon arrival found that our request had been honored in a room with a view of Big Ben and the London Eye. The room was large by London standards and was very comfortable with American style plug ins. The hotel staff told us that the main entrance will be open in June, so until then you still have to go to the side opposite the river to enter. Across from that entrance is a Subway sandwich shop that serves breakfast sandwiches at a reasonable price. Near the tube stop is a Tesco that sells Croissants and small grocery items for snacks in the room that are even more economical. The hotel rooms have tea, instant coffee and shortbreads available for quick pick me ups as well. Overall this is a lovely choice for a holiday hotel!	
Mar 13 2008 	Superb service fabulous view overall excellent	This hotel enjoys a superb location. It is right on the river next to the London Eye, making walks across Westminster Bridge very easy, Covent Garden is a comfortable stroll away and the walk along the South Bank is excellent. I don't give 5/5 as I generally believe everything has to be well above the quality you would normally expect from a hotel but my experience of this place was as close as I good get to giving it 5/5. Wandering around the hotel gives you an idea of its history too as there are still various items there which reflect the buildings history as the main building for the now defunct Greater London Council. The general ambience of the hotel is one of high class, it also has wood panelling in many areas.Used the valet parking service, strangely the road that this hotel is on does not have any parking meters or yellow lines. To get to park outside (assuming you are coming south over Westminster Bridge) you have to turn left past the main entrance by the bridge and left again and pass through a security barrier. When we checked in the front entrance was still being remodelled.The concierge at the entrance was very helpful and polite. The check-in staff on front desk were extremely professional and polite. The concierge by the reception desk was also very helpful, as were the other staff throughout the hotel. We were acknowledged by every staff member we passed. Each greeted us with a smile.We booked a mini suite on the 6th floor - the size of which was very good. There was a sofa and wetbar area, there were bathrobes available too. But the icing on the cake was the view from the balcony. The balcony was small (probably around 8ft x 6ft) but there was a table and two chairs out there and we managed to enjoy a lovely cup of tea whilst looking out onto the river and admiring what must surely be the best view in London. The London Eye is that close that you feel you can almost touch it. The weather was just right, a little chilly but lots of sun against a backdrop of blue sky.River-view rooms are availabe as upgrades too and my advice is if you're looking for somewhere a little special then it's worth paying the extra to get the view - it really is beautiful.Would happily stay here again - in an ideal world would have the suite we stayed in on a permanent basis, if only funds would allow!	
Feb 19 2008 	Fabulous	We just spent the weekend with our kids 10, and 8. I read a bunch of reviews about various hotels and wanted to make sure we would have enough room sharing a room with our kids. We ended up staying at the County Hall, really because of it's location. IT WAS GREAT. It's perfect if you are a first timer to London. The hotel is right on the Thames, and LITERALLY in front of the London eye. Our room was beautiful and clean with wonderful bedding and a nice bathroom. They even had a US electrical outlet. Big Ben and Parliament were right outside our window. We never needed a clock. It was magical. Loved this hotel.	
Feb 6 2008 	Very good.....	I stayed at the Marriott County Hall for just one night and was very relieved to find a really great Marriott in London. I really admire the Marriott group, but had a negative experience at the Marriott Park Lane. However, County Hall, is a different property altogether.The location is over-the-top brilliant for a trip to London.... right by the London Eye on the South Bank, close to the Festival Hall, National Theatre, Hayward and Tate Modern galleries, ane directly opposite the Houses of Parliament.The staff at check in were very friendly, and we were shown to our room by the duty manager. Luggage was taken to the room without asking.Rooms are very very spacious for London hotels - great Marriott bed, two comfy armchairs, desk, great bathroom with powerful shower and what a view from the window. i asked for a high floor room (love those views) and wasn't disappointed withe the 5th floor.The spa is great. Nice staff and very comprehensive facilities, but as this is one of the best spa's/gyms in the area, it is busy with members and guests. We used the parking and were treated with courtesy and efficiency by the concierge who valet parked the car.All in all, although this is not a cheap hotel, you get what you pay for and this is a great place to stay, with masses of historical character in the heart of one of London's most exciting areas. I'll be back.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great find	We booked for a couple of nights (one to take in Mary Poppins show and one for a special Dinner). We found the Hotel great, and the Staff excellent. There was some initial confusion when we arrived as reception had no details of our booking from our Agent, which had been made and paid for a month or so before. We had booked for a room with a King sized bed and river view, however none were available so we were upgraded to a mini-suite on the sixth floor which was great. Immediately overlooking the London Eye. The Hotel location is excellent, with plenty to do in the immediate area, and the food was fine. We dined in the restaurant on one night which we can recommend, if a little pricey! We made friends with the Bar and Restaurant staff (almost all nationalities seemed on show) and generally had a good time. We can recommend this hotel.	
Jan 26 2008 	Great Hotel - Poor timing	Taking my mum, aunt and wife away for a luxury weekend of theatres and shopping I selected the County Hall Marriott for a number of reasons. Facilities and proximity to the National Theatre &amp; London Eye being the final decider.The hotel building itself is a historic building previously used by the government and is a mixture of sweeping curved corridoors and high quality communal areas. Easy to imagine the powers that be, settling into barker loungers to smoke cigars and drink port while making deals! The upgraded doubles look out towards the river, with the houses of parliament etc as your view - not much would beat that in London! The beds have recently been replaced (whoever ran that procurement bid is to be thanked as they are amazing) and the on-suites were perfect.So a big tick for the luxurious feel once in! Service totally up to standard; friendly, easy to access, varied and 24-7. We had one evening meal that was AA rosette standard without being pretentious and the breakfasts are a Marriott tour de force. Facilities were also excellent, by far the best London hotel pool I have ever used and the gym is expansive and well equipped. The spa has a great range of services, regrettably as we didn't book in advance it was also too in demand to take a last minute request.So a big tick for facilities.Why only 4/5? one word - Timing.The weekend we were there was during their upgrade of the entrance so instead of walking in at reception we had to take a 5 minute walk around including 2 sets of stairs - but this also had the effect of completely removing the &quot;wow factor&quot; of the first impression of the hotel - I don't do this often, and I felt let down. During our weekend there were 2 fire alarms (that we evacuated for) including one at 6.00am, this was (we were told) due to a sensor in the London Eye (yes it is that close). And finally, the only thing my mum had really wanted to do was use a jacuzzi for the first time and the only thing broken was - you guessed it - the ladies jacuzzi..... TIMING!	
Jan 23 2008 	good but not 5 star	My husband booked this hotel for a Friday and Saturday night as my Christmas present. The location is fabulous, looking out across the Thames at the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben, right beside the London Eye and the Aquarium.The room was large and well furnished, but the hotel itself lacked atmosphere, a welcoming feeling, or a heart - no common area to congregate, a convoluted entrance way through empty marble corridors, and the standard army of heavily accented foreign workers.The hotel receives its 5 star rating presumably from its location in the original County Hall of London, rather than level of service, or luxuriousness of the rooms. The breakfast was very expensive and not outstanding, with tomato ketchup in plastic sachets and a limited buffet. The bar staff were uninterested in customer service, although the selection of non-alcoholic cocktails were delicious.Our room had a connecting door to the room next door and we were easily able to hear the noisy children next door and their exasperated and tired mother!We have definately stayed in better 5 star hotels where you are made to feel special - that didn't happen here.	
Jan 22 2008 	We had a very nice stay.	My wife and I were a bit apprehensive about the hotel after reading about the daily fire alarms in the building. Actually, the first two days, we did have fire alarms! After that, we had none.We were given a very nice room. It was spacious enough, the facilities were convenient and the view out of the window was quite pleasant - the London Eye, Big Ben, Thames River. The concierge and doorman were quite helpful in straightening out our tour that had gone amiss...so a problem was averted.The internet was quite satisfactory, the facilities were very nice and we had a great time. We had terrible jet lag and were tired from walking...and it was probably a block from the elevator to our room, but all in all the staff was very friendly and the hotel is well run. We would certainly recommend it to others.	
Jan 19 2008 	Terrific hotel and Great Location	I visited friends in the UK and stayed for a week at this hotel during the VERY fesrive month of December 2007 in London. First of all, pleae let me recommend London during the Christmas season. It's cold and windy but often December is dry with sunny days. It did not rain a drop the entire week I was there and I had been told by my friends that December is often like that. Additionally, the city is all lit up for Christmas and is one of the most festive places to be during the holidays. Airfares are lower as are hotel rates. The $550 US that I paid per night still isn't as high as this hotel will go for during the summer high season when crowds and prices, and the weather of rain are all at their worst. As is clear, the hotel is in a perfect location for leisure travel to London. A person can take the Tube from Heathrow and use the lift at Westminster Station with luggage to head across the bridge to the hotel. I had a $95 week-long London transit pass for unlimited Tube and bus use that included the Tube all the way to Heathrow. This does not include the Heathrow Express train so it took between 45 min and 1 hour for the one way trip but free as part of the pass is a great price! The pass can be obtained through Rail Europe before departure. I arrived at the hotel 8am expecting to have to lock up my luggage in the lobby, tour the city, and return later in the day to check in. However, the hotel was terrific and got me in a nice king room overlooking the Thames River and the London Eye. I was able to shower and change. The housekeeping staff had obviously been working hard early that morning to get some rooms ready for people like me arriving in the city on international flights. To be able to get settled and feel welcome like that, including having a housekeeping supervisor stop by my room two minutes after I walked in to make sure everything was OK, got my stay at the Marriott off to a great start. It was appreciated. I forced myself to stay awake all day which is key to adjust to the time change right away. Don't go to bed! Schedule some interesting touring to motivate yourself to go all the way until at least early-mid evening that night before crashing for a great night's sleep.The room was incredibly clean and well appointed. The bathroom is good sized and the room, though not as big as one might find in an American Marriott, was certainly not small. The tea service and electric kettle with coffee and hot chocolate were great for a warm up at the end of the cold day. The bed was very comfortable. The only downsides to the room amenities were the TV service was very limited, about 10-15 channels (not that you're going to want to stay inside and watch TV in the awesome city of London but still, when you do turn it on, it would be nice to have a little more choice), and in my room, the shower head which was messed up in just having a ton of water fall down with no ability to adjust it. It worked though and a person was able to take a shower without any problem. A light burned out in the room and though I filled out a repair card and left it on the door, it was never fixed during my week long stay. I also noticed that my laptop had been used and found that the last vistied site was Facebook which led me to think that housekeeping had used my Internet connection in the room to send an e-mail to a pal on Facebook as I don't use the service. Those four things are why I can't give the hotel a five rating rather than the four rating I give it. Front desk staff were always very quick to help and they took care of business perfectly, helping me cash cheques, and they got a request for a rollaway for a friend of mine staying two nights with me correct with no reminder.The gym is terrific. Becuase it's not just a hotel gym but for the locals too as a membership club, the equiipment and size of the place are all outstanding, as are the facilities such as steamrooms and saunas. There's also a lap pool. Use is free to guests. The whirlpool looked very nice but with a lack of force in the jets and not being more than 101 or so when it should have been 104 degrees, it wasn't of all that much use to me. Afternoon tea is terrific and with view of Parliament out the windows, is one of the best in London, and worth the price, which is still a lot less than you would pay at the Savoy or Ritz for tea. Other meals I had outside the hotel. For example, a standard breakfast from room service would be $40 yet across the street there's a Bagel Street where you can get a great latte and bagel with trimmings for about $10-$11. Yes, that's still a lot for two items like that in most US cities but we're talking London--a city with New York prices AND a tough exchange rate with the dollar. So, I suggest heading across to the bagel place for b-fast or three blocks away to Waterloo Station where there are a few b-fast places. There is also a coffee place across Westminster Bridge right across from St. Stephen's Tower (Big Ben) and beyond that on Whitehall there's the Red Lion Pub which serves breakfast and is a terrific place for beers in the downstairs pub or dinner in the upstairs dining room. All these places I've just mentioned are within a 5-10 minute walk of the Marriott. so there's no reason to pay top dollar for something like b-fast at the hotel. There's even a McDonalds right at the hotel but it seems a waste to be in London and eat in a McDonalds. The other food tips I will offer here are to eat at pubs all over the city, head to Indian and pasta places as well as sandwich places. Though the hotel might be really expensive (and worth it for the terrific location, comfort, and service), with a transit pass and all those less expensive places to eat, there's no reason why you can't stay in luxury yet not break the bank when it comes to transportation and food. As for that great location of the hotel, not only is it within a short walking distance of major sites, but it's just three blocks as I mentioned from Waterloo Station. Charing Cross Station is just a 15 minute walk. This puts train stations with day trip possibilities such as Hampton Court, Canterbury, and Windsor all within a short walk from the hotel. In addition to having Parliament just over the bridge, if you walk east down the river just a short distance, there's a bridget that takes you to Charing Cross, Trafalgar Square, and Covent Garden all in 10-15 minutes walking from the hotel with great views. The London Eye is right outside. Housekeeping did make some door shutting noise in the morning so don't plan on sleeping in much past 8 or 9am in this hotel. That worked for me because of all the touring I was doing and hanging out with my friends. The hotel showed itself willing to go the extra mile for guests by brining in a choral group on several nights to sing Christmas carols by the tree in the lobby. They also served hot mulled wine and cookies. One night a US Marine who had lost both his legs in Iraq and his wife joined us in sitting there to listen to the group sing. It was a special part of the trip that would not have been possible without the hotel spending some money and time to enhance our stay. Though it's big with hundreds of room and long hallways, the place has a European feel to it so don't think you're not going to get a London experience becauuse it's a Marriott. It's dark wood and other European touches all over the place. As a frequent Marriott stayer, I found the combination of European charm and Marriott dependability to be a great combination. I highly recommend this hotel for a visit to London. It's worth the extra money and like I said, get a transit pass and take advantage of the diversity of food choice in the city and you will hopefully be able to eoconomize elsewhere in this expensive but incredible city. And where else can you step outside your hotel and hear the bongs of Big Ben? This is my home base in London from now on.	
Jan 18 2008 	WAy too much $$$	There were two main things about my stay that led to this poor review. The first is that compared to other Marriott hotels in its &quot;7&quot; category, this one is just no where near as nice and for $500+ a night.... it's just terribly disappointing. The second is that every time I needed something from the hotel it was just a really annoying experience.Right now they are renovating the front of the hotel. If you are considering staying here- and this is as far as you read into the review- take note that this renovation causes major inconvenience, makes the hotel very hard when you first arrive (if not familiar with the area), and makes it a very long walk to get to your room every time you go to it. If I were you, I would check to see if this renovation is complete before shelling out your $500+ a night.I arrived late (after midnight) on a Saturday night. After getting off at Waterloo stop I walked to the front of the hotel. The front entrance was closed and there was not one single sign pointing visitors to the alternate entrance. I literally just wandered around for 10 minutes before finally asking some people on the street. Fortunately, they were staying at the hotel and after agreeing with me that it is impossible to find- they pointed me to the alternate entrance, which was more than a block away. Through the alternate entrance, you come into what looks like an office building lobby. Again, no sign pointing you to the actual hotel- and no one there to direct you. Luckily, again I ran into some people who told me I had to take an elevator up a floor and then there would be a sign. So up I went- and to spare you any more details of me wandering around... I'll just say that from there you have to walk down a hallway, through a living room looking area, down another hallway, and finally land in the lobby where you can check in- I actually had to have another guest walk me to the lobby... and they went the wrong way twice, even when they already knew where it was- so trust me it's quite confusing. Of course no one was there to check me in so I had to wait 10 minutes for someone to come. After checking in, I went up to my room on the sixth floor. From the elevator- it was like a five minute walk to my room- seriously I think it was like close to 1/4 mile down the hallway (okay maybe slight exaggeration.... but it was a long walk). I got to my room- ordered room service, which seemed fine and although it was after hours they still brought me pasta from the dinner menu. When I went in the room, I noticed there was pretty detailed instructions about what to do if there is a fire alarm on the back of the door. I thought it was a bit odd that there was so much detail- do this if you hear this type of alarm- do this if you hear this other type, etc. Well after fire alarms went off twice during my five day stay, I no longer thought it was odd since it is clearly a recurring problem. Other small annoying things: The staff just isn't that friendly- I didn't have any major problems with them, but for a five start hotel at $500+.... I just expect a little more proactive friendliness and a warmer welcome. The TVs only get a few channels and are tiny (nothing like the new flat screens they have put in the US), and there aren't really any options for movies. The hotel will not call you a taxi ahead of time so you always have to go out, find a doorman, wait ten minutes for him to run up a block to the road and chase one down. Twice when I ordered a bottle of wine to my room they didn't bring a functioning bottle opener. The pasta I ordered to my room was okay (I just asked for penne with tomato sauce), but when I ate at the restaurant (chicken sandwich and fries) it was one of the worst meals I've ever had in my life. And the most annoying of all- It was a 10 minute walk from the alternate entrance to my hotel room and required taking two elevators.... the first day when I went outside I realized I probably should have brought gloves as it was colder than expected, but there was no way I was going all the way back to my room and coming all the way back down- I would have been 20 min. late for work...The positives: The rooms are really nice and large. The hotel is in a great location and you can walk to most sites. The problem is definitely not the rooms- it's the hotel and the experience of the hotel that just isn't anywhere near 5 star. I stay at the Courtyard Marriott in NY all the time.... and I would pick it over this hotel every time.	
Jan 7 2008 	Nowhere near 5* Service or quality - disappointing	My husband and I recently spent 1 night with friends at this hotel. Arriving was disappointing and not straight forward as there are renovation works ongoing at the main entrance so you have to schlep round to the side entrance and make your way to Reception. The room was ok, nothing to complain about there, and the bed was excellent as all Marriott beds and linen are! Our group were using the hotel as a bed for the night after the firm's Christmas party, so we decided to have a glass of champagne before we got our taxis to the venue. There were 6 of us. We ordered one bottle - the waiter looked incredulous and announced that we would not get 6 glasses from one bottle and should order two. We disagreed and ordered the one. He honestly sneered as he walked away. Needless to say we had 6 glasses and a bit more. On our return later that evening we wanted drinks in the Library but the cleaners were in. The waiter did however accomodate us and after some persuasion was very helpful. Overall, not excellent customer service, you felt as though the staff were doing you a favour. Not what I would expect from a 5* hotel.	
Jan 6 2008 	Great location  poor service	Just returned from a weekend at the Marriot. Whilst the location is perfect, the Hotel and service leave a bit to be desired. At present,, the front entrance is closed of and you enter via the back door of the property. The road is blocked by barriers at each end and unless you know how to get in then be prepared for some confusion.The Hotel really lacks a proper seating area with the only comfortable seats being in the bar - however this area is very small.The service is very poor and in particular the bar service last night was just dire. Too many people training - on a Saturday night??. The Managers turned a blind eye to the poor service in order to enjoy their own conversation.Our room 434 had a great view of a brick wall. OK maybe it's a wall with a lot of history but given what's around I would avoid this room at all cost.Breakfast at £22.50 per head appears to be over the top but there is a Starbucks right outside the back door.Our early morning call came in the form of a fire alarm caused by some incident at the next door budget hotel. I think they had the better deal.I am a Marriot Member but will not return to this one!!!	
Jan 5 2008	A rather cool reception........	Firstly , I'm not American so I don't view Marriott Hotels through rose tinted spectacles. On the day of our stay it was cold in London and despite several fire places within the hotel not a single one was lit. The public areas (entrance lobby, reception, bedroom corridors, etc) were all cold . No wonder guests were checking in (and out) in their overcoats! Even Bill Marriott 's portrait hanging in the lift lobby looked rather chilly. However when we arrived at our room it was warm and the heating could at least be cranked up. So what a strange contrast - cold and unwelcoming public areas but red hot rooms. Explain that if you can. Currently the hotel is using a temporary access because the main entrance is closed due to resurfacing works - which seem to have been going on forever. When we asked for a taxi we were passed from reception to concierge, concierge to porter and porter to non existent door man. In the end we walked along Westminster Bridge and flagged down our own cab. Not quite 5 star service.Breakfast the next morning, again wasn't quite 5 star. One of those &quot;Breakfast Buffets&quot; where everything is pre-cooked and placed in supposedly heated serving trays. The choice is vast (as you'd expect from an American hotel chain) but sadly everything was somewhere between stone cold and luke warm. Why a 5 star hotel can't cook your breakfast to order is simply beyond me. The location and rooms at The Marriott County Hall are excellent. However, if your looking for a real 5 star experience then I'm afraid this really isn't the place.	
Jan 4 2008 	Happy with our decision	We stayed at another Marriott property our last visit to London but each point we ventured near Westminster bridge, Parliment, South Bank, etc. we would say we should stay at Marriott County Hall next visit: We finally did &amp; found it to be just want we wanted!!The reception experience we had was superior - easy, quick, personable. Main entrance &amp; courtyard were under construction/refurbishment so we had to use the back entrance (still quite nice).Location is fantastic for a pleasure visit!!!! Cross Westminster Bridge and you are at Westminster Tube station or go behind the hotel (2 minute walk) &amp; you have Waterloo Tube, Train , Bus station. Both are so close plus city buses, Double Decker tour buses and taxis galore are avialable immediately outside of the Westminster bridge entrance.Our room was very LARGE, fresh and in great condition. Of course it has the fantastic Marriott bed, pillows, linens. Very quiet halls, guest room. Average lavatory, GREAT shower!!We overlooked the London Eye and out towards St. Paul's down river (not towards Parliament/Big Ben) and it was a very enjoyable view. Nice assortment of teas, hot chocolate, cookies in room daily. We did have a long, long walk to our room from the lobby each trip but I would not count that as a negative. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel.We loved walking on the weekend down the South Bank, past OXO tower, to the Millenium foot bridge &amp; over towards St. Paul's. It felt like it could have been any century - everyone just out walking casually, street performers out, musicians everywhere. You can stay anywhere in London and have a great experience but staying on the bank of the Thames, in the middle of tourist cental London made this stay exciting and fun!	
Jan 4 2008 	Very pleasant	Excellent welcome and car was whizzed away by doorman.We arrived at around noon and didn't expect our rooms to be ready. We had booked two rooms (non river view) and were asked if we'd like to upgrade to river view for £30. We did for my husband and self (children could come and share our view anytime they liked!). We were told the rooms would be ready in 1.5 hours. When we returned (at about 4 p.m.) they only had record of one reservation and no upgrade to river view. It took about 20 minutes to sort out. Bit annoying but lots of apologies from front desk.Yes, it is a long walk to the rooms but nice wide corridors. Rooms, as reported in reviews earlier, were very spacious and our riverview was well worth the £30.00 extra. Rooms could do with a spot of paint here and there and perhaps new tvs (but you don't come to London for the tv really). Slight lackings in attention to detail. We didn't have bathrobes but children in inferior category room did. We didn't get a turndown but children did. Only one hot chocolate sachet, only 3 coffee sachets. We had a lightbulb out and it was replaced within 10 minutes. Children had a lightbulb out and left note for turndown people but it was never replaced. Had to wait for a table for breakfast but only 10 minutes. Breakfast was good and service excellent. Staff checking constantly that there was plenty of everything on the buffet and also if we needed more coffee/tea/juice etc. All staff were extremely attentive and service minded. Make sure you pick a room with a view. Best view in London. It is a bit of a walk to say Regent Street and a taxi to or from there is about £10 including tip. We'd say it's a good four star hotel with five star staff and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend.	
Jan 1 2008 	a very memorable stay	my husband and our 5 year old daughter stayed here for new years eve and had the most amazing stay. the location is unrivelled for new years eve and for the midnight celebrations the hotel guests had sole access to the terrace which is just behind to the left of the lndon eye the only spot on the south bank that was open for any viewing - truly amazing!we bough a worldwide voucher for our stay and a problem with the booking prior to our stay resulted ina n error on charges. the front desk manager Michael did EVERYTHING to make up for this though during our stay. We were made to feel unbeleiveable special. We had a la carte dinner and breakfast in our room (best scrambled eggs ever in a hotel!). the food arrived both times on a full blown dinner table laid out with all the full dinner service needed and far too much food.the staff were all really efficiant and polite and couldnt do enough for you. our room was MASSIVE! The bed was soooo comfortable I didint want to get out of it! we couldve stayed here for a week very comfortably. It was also really really clean, loads of toiletries etc and robes. our room was probably one of the few that didnt face directly on to the thames but we looked side on to it and had the eye in our window view and looked over jubilee gardens. we watched for hours the new years eve preparations come to fruition.We didint get time to use the gym but really wnated to as it looked so good. the pool was lovely only I would have prefered private showers.It was a long walk to our room and yes there is only one lift but we never waited long and it was never packed even after the new yer celebration when everyone was making their way back to the room at once.The staff are very efficient and the hotel is lovely.a very very special stay	
Dec 30 2007 	No kids after 7:00pm	I picked this hotel because it has a large heated pool - great place to end the day -- But wait - kids not allowed after 7:00pm. The main reason I paid extra for this hotel (other than good location) was the pool - but my family was not allowed to use the pool; it seems the local club members do not want kids. If no kids and stuffy front desk service appeal to you; than this may be your place.  FOOD -- very poor, expect cold coffee - old lettuce – poor selection – poor presentation - poor service and expensive - $26 (US) for a plain simple hamburger. This morning a asked for coffee three times over a 10 minute period before finally I asked another server – better than two days ago when the serve missed the coffee cup and hit my hand – no problem the coffee was cold. Again, the breakfast bar was out of waffles, 50/50 on waffles. ACCESS – currently the main entrance is closed – upon our arrival we were not greeted at the back door by the hotel staff but rather forced to search are way with luggage in tow to the hidden lobby. Expect to walk a distance in the hotel. This is a long hotel with one set of elevators (out of order often.) FRONT DESK – when I complained about the hotel’s pool policy, and asked why this information was not placed on the internet web site for my review prior to booking the room, I was told that a 7:00 pm NO KIDS policy was typical for a Marriott - I have stayed at about a half dozen Marriott’s over the past few years and never run into this policy. I did not like the hotel attitude.  The good stuff – Yes the location is great – the cleaning staff does a great job and the rooms and beds are great.  No, I would never stay here again – and I recommend that you keep searching.	
Dec 29 2007 	Quite good for London	We stayed in this hotel for xmas for two nights.We had booked a regular room, including breakfasts for a correct fare (168.51 pounds, excluding VAT).Before we arrived, we received an e-mail informing us that the main entrance of the hotel was closed, which was really a pity !!The other entrance was at the back of the hotel. We had to walk through a hall, shared with different firms, take an elevator, walk a corridor and then finally, we'd arrived to the official Marriott.Receptionnists were nice and effective. They offered to upgrade us to a riverview room for 30 extra pounds which was rather useless considering the terrible fogg outside the hotel.There were no problems for checking-in (or checking out!).Our rooms were on the third floor, we had asked to be far away from the elevators (to avoid the noise) and we were very far away (2-3 minutes to get to our room and this is too much, believe me !).Apart from that the rooms were really big (for London standards and compared to other hotels in many different cities) so we were really glad about that.The bathroom was very clean and big enough but the sink was leaking and there wasn't a separate shower or a flexible ...On xmas night we found a very nice christmas stocking on our bed filled with chocolates and different other things to eat which was a very nice attention !Big drawback : the beds were pretty uncomfortable (what a shame for a marriott, where the beds are supposed to be awesome !). A good point : our single additionnal room was as big (and to be honest as expensive) as the double one.Breakfast was excellent, nice service as usual and a large choice !The bar was nice, didn't try the restaurant !Just a hint : don't try the italian restaurant in front of the hotel... That's a bad souvenir !We would probably stay there again considering the price and the global satisfaction. The room was really big and comfortable for a London hotel.	
Dec 28 2007	Mediocrity for big bucks	We paid £750.00 for 2 nights in an Executive Room on a Dinner bed and breakffast package checking in on Christmas Eve.Also included was a bottle of Drappier Champagne and small box of Chocolates. (6 pieces)Nice hotel, spacious room with excellent furnishings Spacious bathroom.. Only the TV was a disappointment, small and dated. Even my grandmother has a better one. This was an Executive Room.The Chrsitmas stockingcontaining candy was a nice touch, left by the maid at turndown.The service was average. Hotels in the UK are not cheap and reading Bill Marriots blog on Service, I expected better for the price. In the restaurant they made a great fuss about availability. Far from being treated like a valued guest it seemed like they were doing us a favour by allocating a table. The restaurant was not busy, albeit that it was Chrsitmas Eve. As Dinner was included in the package, this was irritating. The receptionist dismissed my request and coldly suggestied we eat in our room. Not acceptable Bill. The whole point of checking into a hotel for Chrsitmas is to dine in a restaurant! Room service was OK. Although the bloody Mary's we ordered were attrocious. Breakfast was served with one set of cutlery and delivered incorrectly despite the operator calling us back no fewer than 4 times to ask about the order. To think they expected us to have dinner in the room, my mind only boggles at what these clowns would have served up for us. The Executive Lounge was a bit mean. Get there early or the canapes will be gone. The replenishment was inadequate. I asked for a tomato juice and was offered Cranberry as a substitute, before they begrudgingly got the Tomato Juice for me.Other luxury hotels including Marriotts in Europe give you a free drink during the cocktail and canapes hour. Not here, instead the booze is guarded by a waiting who loiters by the tables gawking atthe guests in case they fail to fill out a consumption card.The pool and leisure club was fabulous. However they closed itearlier than was advertised and ushered us out with little respect.The food was OK. Not great, but I did not expect it to be fabulous as the dinner was included in the price. Pity they barely change the menu. The choices were limited. Breakfast was a little better, but I have had better.The day I checked out, the bill was wrong. An overcharge of £180.00 I called the frontdesk and they promised to put it right. When they presented the revised bill att the front desk they tried to backtrack and charge me more money, quibbling that we should have had the set menus, we did have. This was embarassing and could have been handled with greater sensitivity.  Money it seems is what Marriott Hotels is only interested in. Only stay in one of their hotels, if you have lots of it and are prepared to part with it!Verdict: Marriott is great in over countries but overpriced in the UK.Our stay was OK but nothing special.Bill Marriott needs to address these issues. Personally, I would not choose to stay in a Marriott in the UK again.	
Dec 27 2007 	Liked it--didn't love it	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel using Marriott frequent stay points in July, 2007. The location is very central in the old London County Hall building on the Thames in Westminster. It is on the opposite side of Westminster Bridge from Parliament and Big Ben, and the Westminster tube stop. It is directly behind the London Eye.There was a lot of construction going on when we were there and our view was not very good, but we were staying on points rather than as paying guests, and we weren't in our room except to sleep so that didn't really matter to us. Prices are quite high for this hotel, but much of the lodging in London is pricey. The convenience factor for us outweighed many issues.My daughter checked out the pool and said it was very nice for lap swimming, but not really for leisure swimming. It was not accommodating for younger children. This is the opinion of a 13yo, so consider accordingly.The room was spacious and clean. There was no Wi-Fi available; not even a business center. That was a definite negative. I was not able to confirm airline information for our departing flight the night before and couldn't seem to navigate the phone book to figure out a local number for the Belgium-based airline. That was user-error on my part, but internet service in the hotel would have been quite helpful since I could have hopped online to check things out if that had been available. The concierge was of limited use to us as well. We asked for information on Presbyterian churches in the area and they had no idea of any. They never called to let us know of any research either. That was our only experience with the concierge, so am not sure whether that is typical or atypical.Bottom line--the room was clean and comfortable, the staff was accommodating at check-in and check-out, although they were unable to cash a check for me or give me a cash advance from our credit card to pay the cab driver when we left, which we found unusual for a &quot;luxury&quot; Marriott. We would probably not stay here again, unless we had enough hotel points to cover the stay and even in that instance, we would probably choose another Marriott in another part of town for variety, amongst other things.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great Location for Exploring London	Stayed at the Marriott County Hall at the end of November-beginning of December 2007. It is an older property (the County Hall used to be the seat of London's government) but it is worthy of the Marriott moniker. The rooms are large, especially by European standards, and quite comfortable. We had a view of the London Eye, which is literally outside the hotel property. Some rooms do have tiny windows, so ask for one with a decent view.The County Hall complex is still searching for an identity, as it not only houses the Marriott and the London Eye, but also is home to the London Aquarium, a tacky amusement arcade and a few restaurants. The main entrance to the hotel was closed for road repairs when we stayed there, but it should be finished soon.The best part of the hotel is its location. It is right across the Thames from Big Ben, Parliment and Westminster Abbey, and a short walk across another bridge to Trafalgar Square and the surrounding neighborhoods. I was there mostly for business, but it would be a great place to stay for touring around London. The double-decker tour buses stop right in front of the hotel on the Westminster Bridge side.We ate breakfast, lunch and dinner at the hotel at various times, and we were generally pleased with the food and service. It's pricey, but for Americans everything in London is outrageously expensive these days. The hotel also has a terrific gym (that is free to guests but also open to the public) -- it is fully equipped and the size of a stand-alone gym in the US.Service is as you would expect at a Marriott (meaning excellent). The only problem we experienced was that the fire alarm went off three times during our five days at this property, once at 5 a.m. We were told that these problems are a result of the hotel's sharing the same alarm system as the rest of its County Hall neighbors, but it was still annoying.Overall, you cannot go wrong by choosing this hotel as your home base in London.	
Nov 9 2007 	Top class	I have started staying here on business. When my clients pay accomodation, I always stay at Marriott across the UKThis hotel is bang in the middle of London opposite the House of Commons. My room often looks out at the London eye! Fantastic restaurants nearby and room service is superb.Probably best 5* hotel yet I have stayed in.	
Oct 31 2007 	Fantastic Fab Wonderful! One of the best!	Paid £194 per night inc tax (2 adults, 1 child inc break) directly on the Marriott website.At the moment the initial reception is strange to say the least as the hotel is one of many businesses within the County Hall (The door person is too busy informing others where the star wars exhibition/merchandise store is to take your bags and check you in)!However, when you do arrive at the official reception everything is perfect and continued to be so for the 2 nights we stayed. The staff are great and very attentive, my 7 year old was treated with utmost respect, the room (Superior river view) was incredible with one of the best views in London. Breakfast was really good with a wide choice. The pool was fab, especially by central London standards.House wine in the hotel restaurant is £22. There are several restaurants accross the road (2 mins walk) which are great for casual dining. London eye is on your doorstep. Houses of parliament a very leisurely 5 min walk across the bridge. Covent Garden a slow 20 min walk past the british war memorial and cleopatra's needle. Big bus company stops 30 seconds away.Fantastic location, great service and wonderful stay!	
Oct 18 2007 	Great location great service	This hotel is fantastic. I'm sure the pictures give you a good idea of location, which is perfect for London. Depending on what you want to do, there is no need to use the underground if you stay here; Westminster and the West End are within easy walking distance, and the hotel is on the South Bank. However, there are lots of hotels in a good location. What sets this one apart is the service, which is absolutely brilliant. I had a standard room, and it was cleaned twice, if not three times a day. The porters are fantastic - one of them saved me £100 with some advice on parking in London by telling me where to park rather than paying the hotel valet parking cost (which I had been paying on previous visits). The bar staff are also great, polite and clearly well-trained; they are friendly and talkative without being intrusive or seeming over-friendly.	
Oct 1 2007 	Perfect!	Stayed at the Marriot County Hall for 5 nights with our two young sons, ages 7 and 3. Our experience was nothing short of exemplary! The entire staff was superb. Breakfast in the morning was a great way yo start the day and the kids loved the indoor pool (a rarity in London). Its not cheap, sure, especially if you're American like us, but London is an expensive city. Get a view of the Eye/Big Ben/Thames if you can...	
Sep 19 2007 	Great Location	We arrived early and were allowed to check into our room right away. Since we are platinum members we asked for an upgraded room and the attendent acted like he didnt know what we were talking about and made a big deal out of giving us a free up-grade (we do this all the time, its never been a problem in the past) Our room was very nice, clean and had a nice view of the river. The executive longe is nice for breakfast and evening snack. The Cons: We had our 15 month old son with us and every entry into the hotel requires you to climb stairs. Not very baby friendly in that way but the staff was there to help when coming in the main entrance. The spa. Not as nice as it looks on line. I booked a facial and got horrible service the first time around. The gal was very green and didnt know what the heck she was doing. Very, very, very un-professional. She talked the entire time, started in on gun-control laws here in the US, talked about how to leave her tip in cash vs on the credit card, etc, etc, etc...... Like I said, very un-professional. After a call to the hotel manager, all was cleared up. I was credited back my money, comped another facial with a senior staff member and was given free products. Second time around was wonderful. Moral of the story: when booking a spa treatment ask for a senior staff member to assist you. You do not want one of the girls they get from &quot;the agency&quot;.Fire Alarm. The fire alarm went off two nights in a row. Both times our son was woken up and taken down to the front desk to see what was going on. I was told that several hotels are housed in the County Hall Building. All of the fire alarms are hooke in sync. No fires at the Marriott but still had to leave the room after 10 pm at night to see what the heck was going on. Not fun with a tired, teething 15 month old baby. Mystery Phone Calls. Someone came into our room while we were gone (we never found out who) and made a 15 minute phone call that would have cost us $$80.00 USD if we had not caught it in time. They tried to convince us that WE made the call when in fact we did NOT. We left the hotel at noon, were back around 7 pm. The phone call was made around 3 pm. hmmmm!!!???Over all we had a very nice stay, we were at the County Hall Marriott for 6 nights, 7 days. Having access to the executive lounge really saved us a lot of money. This alone made the trip that much more enjoyable with a little one in tow.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great place to stay!	Loved this hotel. It was so handy to all the sites and the staff were very friendly. The beds were the most comfortable ones I've ever slept in.	
Sep 15 2007 	Great location - Great rooms!	I used TripAdvisor as key input for my decision to book this hotel in 9/2006 for this trip. Between the time I booked and visited (8/2007) some negative reviews popped up on TripAdvisor and I was a little worried. Those worried were not needed - though they did give me extra tips on how to make this a great stay!Location - You will not beat this location. You are steps from the London Eye, steps from the dock for boat rides on the Thames and a 5 minute walk to two different underground stations.Rooms - The beds are comfy. I mean comfy. I mean you may not want to leave your bed to see London. My kids are not happy in their own beds at home anymore. Restaurants - This is where the previous reviews helped. We only ate at the hotel once. Just okay and overpriced. Right behind the hotel there is a Starbucks, a Bagel store and a 24-hour mini-mart. We used these for breakfast every morning.For dinner, if you walk along the Thames towards the National Theater there are 3-4 restaurants outside the theater. From reading older reviews, I gathered that the number of restaurants in the area is growing. Also - in the same block as the breakfast ideas I mentioned above, you have an Italian, Middle-Eastern and Sushi restaurant.Concierge - As you can tell I am a planner. I rarely need a concierge and thank a deity for that with this hotel. I bought some stamps from the concierge - you would have thought I was asking him to donate a kidney. I left laundry with them one day and after 5 calls that night I picked up the same dirty laundry that they forget to send out. Since we were there 10 nights I observed multiple concierges interact with guests and it was HORRIBLE. On one occasion, they were just downright rude to an older guest who was not following their directions. I actually caught up with the gentleman by the elevator and gave him some pointers on how to get to the underground stations. So this was not just one concierge - but several. Not what you would expect for a Marriott hotel or any hotel at this price range.The front desk, the bellman, the restaurant - all other service was great! One day we left the &quot;don't disturb&quot; sign on the door and wound up asking for maid service very late in the day. Was no problem - a pleasant tone on the phone and a smile on arrival.This hotel is NOT cheap. But for comfort and location it is a great place - just make your own arrangements.	
Sep 15 2007 	expensive!!! Beautiful	We stayed one night at this beautiful Marriott. The location is perfect, the hotel is just beautiful. Our room was great, we looked out onto the Thames and right across at Parliment and Big Ben. You couldn't ask for more, except for the price which for Americans is outrageous. I would love to have stayed there for more than one night, but even breakfast broke the bank (I think it was about $35.00 for one). We were actually on a business trip and I didn't even want the company to pay such high prices.	
Sep 11 2007 	Excellent Hotel Superb location	Just the best!!!!!!!!!!!! We enjoyed every minute of our stay. Room was superb - Location along the Thames. We had a great view of The London Eye!!! Fantastic service. Really comfy beds. Can thoroughly recommhadend The Marriott County Hall.	
Sep 1 2007 	Awesome!!!!!!!!! A grade	What a great place!My folks have used Marriott all their life in the US, and with not going to England before I thought I'd play it safe.I'm so glad I chose the County Hall - yes it's an amazing location with the Big Ben clock and the London Eye Observation wheel on the river. Most things are in walking distance - even a good english pub!The rooms are large and well-equipped - even US adaptors in the room.The staff......well......awesome. Great people on the front door and bell staff, with some really friendly people on the reception desk and lounge bar. Expensive - fairly, but you get what you pay for. We had Concierge Lounge access which worked well as breakfast would have cost us $65!Awesome hotel, awesome people and a location that is great!We hope to be back soon County Hall, thanks!!	
Aug 30 2007	Beautiful Hotel on the river by Big ben	We just got back from 5 days in London and picked this hotel based on my ability to use some points for a few nights as well as the location. This hotel was way beyond my expectations in all areas. This hotel occupies a historic building 'County Hall' right on the river across from Big ben. The lobby, entrance and other common areas give you the high end, old london experience. All the staff was extremely helpfull and friendly. Our room was fantastic, huge, impecably clean and nicely done. It was late when we checked in so the drapes were pulled, when I opened them, Big Ben filled the window. What a veiw to Westminster Abby and the Parliment.The area is river side, just a short stroll to the river shuttles. Also the London Eye is right next door. For those looking for late night snacks, there is 'Neds Noodles' across the street and pubs and other restraunts 10 to 15 minutes down river.For comfort, this is the place to be. Easy access to all the local sights. I would rate the hotel a '10'.	
Aug 28 2007	Location and service excellent!	Myself and my girlfriend stayed here for our anniversary. The room was excellent and for an additional £40 we had a view of Big Ben and the London Eye right outside the window. It was so close you could see the people clearly in the pods! Included in the £40 was use of the club lounge with drinks and nibbles. Service was excellent, concerige car parking. Very good hotel, will be staying again!	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Location	Wonderful location --the London Eye is literally outside and to the right of the hotel. Its also just across a walking bridge from Parliament Square.A few problems -- the fire alarm went off daily for the seven nights that we stayed there. -- either for the Hotel property or for the County Hall Complex. Quite disconcerting especially when traveling with children.The Concierge desk personnel were rude and not at all helpful. In fact, we were steered to an awful fish &amp; chips restaurant - Rock &amp; Sole Palaice. Don’t make the same mistake that we did..	
Aug 19 2007 	County Hall First Class	What a great location, right on the Thames and overlookingBig Ben,right next to the London Eye as well.The service was First Class and the Swimming Pool was a good size and well equippedA very good price for a family room which was spacious and well furnished.Next visit to London, this is a definate for a place to stay.	
Aug 19 2007 	Fantastic place to stay in London	The location of this hotel is undoubtedly one of the best in London, directly adjacent to the London Eye and opposite the Houses of Parliament. The hotel is situated in the grand and almost palatial old GLC County Hall building. Finding your way in to the hotel can be a bit difficult and is almost like a treasure hunt, here’s the clue – the access is from the Westminster Bridge area! Once found reception is also difficult to locate. The reception area and lounges etc are very well maintained and have been restored to the former glory of this building. However the ‘check in’ experience was poor with long queues and on the day we arrived appeared disorganised and under resourced. (Poor by Marriott’s standards). The room was superb and although only a standard room, it could have easily been mistaken for a luxury room. We had views across the London eye and the River and felt rather smug watching the hoards of tourists queue up for the London Eye.Breakfast at the hotel was excellent and really set you up for the day! The evening meals were superb, although a little pricey. However it’s worth the cost especially if you have their chocolate mouse! The restaurant overlooks the River and the London Eye.The pool area is disjointed with guests having to leave the pool and cross over to the leisure suite. Most of the facilities in the ladies section were broken (no Steam Room, Jacuzzi, etc)Overall a fantastic hotel that is well worth the money (and it is some money) if you want a special stay in London.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great views across the Thames - now my favourite London hotel	I am a regular visitor to London and like to stay in the better hotels whenever possible - Dorchester, Savoy. Although these hotels are great, you have to pay a small fortune to get a room with a nice view. Now, the County Hall has it all, affordable price, fantastic views over the Thames and excellent service. It's location next to the London Eye is really perfect. Our 14 year old son loved it since since there is so much going on right outside the door such as street perfomers and a Star Wars exhibtion.Our room had probably one of the best views of London you can get, looking onto the houses of parliament. The room itself was fine and I cannot think of anything to complain about at all. There was a plethora of porters, doormen and generally, very helpful staff.The pool is spectacular given that this is the centre of London. It's big enough for sports swimming.The restaurant is nothing to write home about, but has nice views onto the river and is pleasant enough. The bar is also OK, but somehow lacks atmosphere. On these two points the Savoy and Dorchester win out easily. Two nights at the hotel with dinner one night cost us just over GBP 1000 for three people.All in all, an absolutely top notch hotel.	
Aug 9 2007 	Convenient and Family Friendly	We stayed at the London County Hall for 4 nights and enjoyed it very much. I was traveling with two kids (ages 7 adn 9). We got a large suite that was facing the river and Big Ben. To see Big Ben and London Eye from our room was a treat for our kids. There was trampolene jumping and other hustle and bustle type kid activities right outside the hotel. It is walking distance to Waterloo and to Westminister station. You can practically walk to most places - Trafalgar Square, Downing Street, Westminister Abbey. We took the London Big Bus hop on hop off tour and that was also conveniently located right outside the hotel. The hotel is gorgeous from the outside. The rooms are a bit dated in my opinion but the location is priceless. We ate breakfast in the restaurant each day and I thought it was O.K. We also had dinner there for two nights and that was alright as well.	
Aug 6 2007	A superb end to a busy week	After a busy working week in Paris, we decided to stay in London for a weekend break.What a treat County Hall Marriott is!!!!It's ideally located within walking distance of the Eurostar terminal, the South Bank attractions and the brilliant West End. Having said that, I'm sure many other hotels are - however the people here made the difference.Our first impression was the smiling doorman and concierge who helped us with luggage as our room was not available in the morning (as we expected...we were early!)The receptionists, room service and bar staff were also very nice - nothing seemed too much trouble.Our Deluxe River bedroom had a great view of the Thames, and definately worth paying the extra.The Leisure club and swimming looked great, however we didn't have time to use them.After a great weekend, I only have one negative comment......we had to leave at some point!Thanks for a great weekend, and we'll be back!	
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent location but no value for money	We stayed in this hotel for 2 days using a large number of Marriott Rewards Points. It seems like the hotel is always full so the hotel can afford to make guests feel unwelcome. It was wrong for us to expect Marriott Standards at this hotel. I wish I had saved over 40k points by satying at another Marriott which would have given me a Standard award.Even though the location is great I would prefer a hotel elsewhere. - We arrived at 3 p.m and room was not ready even though we had asked for a &quot;early&quot; check-in.- Our preference is for a room near the elevator and we probably got one farthest.- We wanted 2 double beds but got a king bed even thought I called the hotel 2 to 3 times in advance just to request one.Breakfast buffet is incuded but it is continental B/F only. Rooms were very small , I am not sure how other reviewers said the rooms were large.Only saving grace is that staff were cheerful except for the concierge.	
Jul 17 2007	Average Marriott 	My family and I spent four nights at the Marriott County Hall London before going to Venice and getting on a Greek Island cruise. We were expecting the usual Marriott efficiencies and standards, however we were disappointed in the services we received from this particular Marriott. There is no dispute that the hotel has a fabulous location and that the view of the Thames and Big Ben is fantastic from either your room or the bar. The price for both the room and anything in the hotel is outrageous. We were shocked to find hotel coffee to cost 3.95 pounds per cup. I suppose the exchange rate doesn't help that matter either. We waited for our room for a long time even though we were told that the room will be ready around 1:30 p.m. It was not until I went back to the front desk multiple times asking for the room that we finally got our room. There were some mix up with the room in that after we have been in the room for one day, the TV displayed a welcome messages for someone else. We immediately alerted the front desk that they might be checking in someone else in error since we are already in the room. We were assured that this will be taken care of, however, at around 6 a.m. two young ladies were given our room and tried to get in with their keys. We were all asleep then and luckily the chain was on so they were not able to get in. After that incident, we were called to the front desk to provide our credit card information again. The staff indicated that we never provided our credit card information for them which is not true... since we already have charges on them. Needless to say, I find their attention to detail and services very lacking and not up to the usual Marriott standard. The billing and statement from this Marriott was also a mess to be honest. There were at least 6 transactions on my credit card separating our daily purchases and charges. I have never seen that before. I am going to also write an email to Marriott (being a Silver Member) informing them that the staff at County Hall was not organized and seemed confused when questioned on various items. I will definitely not stay at the Marriott County Hall the next time.	
Jul 17 2007 	The location is good  rooms are 1970 style and old in every way 	the staff is arrogant and rude , not accomodating , the fire allarm went off two days in the row and when we call the front desk no response. My wife whent down stairs to investigate @ 5 am , not staff in site , finally they answered the telephone not in a pleasent reassuring way , the restourant staff was very rude , the first night there refuse to sit us down in the main dining room , because they were setting up for next day , but it was still open ! ? ?? next morning 40 minutes afther we ordered breakfast we were informed that they forgot to place the order in ! To many miss up to list . The general manager listened to my complains and agreed , but that was all ..... will never go back , this is a 5 star hotel ???? most be a mist print because it was a mines -( 5) at best .	
Jul 14 2007	Lack of communication with late check-out	Having missed our last train home, we decided to find a hotel rather than wait at Waterloo for 4 hours for the first train home - the Marriott seemed ideal, as it's conveniently situated just round the corner. As it was very late (after 2am) we enquired about the possibility of a late departure, and the lady on the desk kindly offered to arrange a 2pm check-out, which we gratefully accepted. We were offered a Deluxe room - unfortunately there were no non-smoking rooms available - it was late and we were tired, so we agreed. Since we had no overnight bag, we asked for toothbrushes and deodorant - we got the toothbrushes (complimentary) but not the deodorant. Signage in the hotel was poor, and when we eventually found the room, it did smell quite strongly of smoke. Fortunately the room was big and there was a view of Big Ben, which was an unexpected bonus. At 9.30am we were unexpectedly awoken by a member of staff who knocked briefly on our door and then opened it without an answer from us. As soon as he realised we were there and still in bed, he apologised and shut the door - no reason was given for his visit. Unfortunately, we were woken up again just before 11am, by another knock on the door, this time by a maid who'd been asked to check on us by Reception and make up the room - she apologised and left when we told her we'd been promised a late check-out. Astonishingly, we had another visit at 12.15pm - the member of staff claimed to have no record of our late check-out and came to find out when we were leaving. He left when we explained the story (again). Upon finally checking out at about 12.40pm, we mentioned these events to the male hotel receptionist, who became defensive, denying any knowledge of a late check-out arrangement, or the visitations we'd received, claiming we should never have been offered a late check-out as they were fully booked. A disappointing service from a such a highly-rated high-profile prime-location hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Generally good but a few gripes	I stayed at the Marriott County Hall with my parents in June. We were transiting London on our way back from Marrakech and had decided to have a night at the ballet. I chose the County Hall because it is such a historic building and the location cannot be beaten.The service was generally excellent. We were treated incredibly well while checking in and the reception staff were extremely helpful throughout our stay. However, our request for non-smoking rooms couldn't be fulfilled and my bedroom in particular smelled strongly of smoke.The rooms themselves were extremely comfortable (especially by London standards) and the bedding was luxurious. They were, however, a long walk from the elevators and my father, who has walking difficulties, found it hard going.Our only other gripe was in getting our bags brought up to the room. This took a terribly long time and only happened after several calls to customer services. Our experience with the concierge was generally not good as he was pretty bad tempered and disrespectful.As Sunday was father's day, we had breakfast delivered to the room. The breakfast was absolutely delicious and was delivered by such a friendly lady.I really enjoyed my stay at the County Hall, apart from a few minor glitches. However, there are a few other hotels in the general area which provide a similar service for less money, in my opinion (The Royal Horseguards, for instance)	
Jul 3 2007 	Very disappointed	I booked this hotel for an overnight stay in Central London with my partner for a Saturday night in June using Marriott Rewards. It cost a lot of rewards but we had always fancied staying there so we thought why not?I have stayed in lots of Marriotts in the US and Europe where they have always been pretty good, particularly the service. This time around it was so different. I happen to be allergic to feathers which causes problems in some places with bedding and normally involves a quick change to non feather bedding.In this place, despite mentioning on my booking form, at check in and also twice in the course of the Saturday afternoon, I got back to the room just after midnight to find no change and a call to the duty manager resulted in me being told it was now too late for anything to be done and they didn't have anything to help me. A sleepless night followed with itchy eyes in the morning!!I wish I had never gone. In the morning reception told me the manager would be in contact with me and we would be refunded the points, which I thought was the least they could have done, but OK fair enough I would go with that.A week or so on and still no-one has been in contact and my points have not beed refunded, which to be honest doesn't surprise me.I suspect this place would be Ok if you had no problems where you required anybody to do anything but my advice is to stay someplace.	
Jun 18 2007	Gets better each time	I completed a 5 night stay with my family in early June and it was my third to the hotel. I have stayed on both vacation and business, and this hotel is great for either. Rooms showed some wear, but carpets and furnishings were being changed while we were there. Also,the entire southbank has really come alive in the few years since theCounty Hall opened....this location gets better everytime. My only gripe is that their room tempertaure thermostats are terrible. I stayin 20 hotels per year and can't figure these things out. How it can be possible to have the heat kick on while on the AC setting is beyond me. A couple of helpful hints: 1. Use the Westminster Tube station. It is much easier than Waterloo and the walk across the bridge is great. 2. Neds Noodle Bar behind the hotel has free WiFi, and it beats paying $30.00 US per day if you just need to check email. 3. Go to Wagamama just down the street for dinner. 4.The Star Wars and Dali exhibits are still there, as are the Arcade, McDonalds and Aquarium. You are right next to the London Eye, and it is worth the wait and money. It's a great hotel....you won't be disappointed.	
Jun 18 2007 	Excellent!	Fabulous views, lovely hotel, and superb staff. Overall an excellent stay!	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Hotel	On previous trips in London we stayed elsewhere but always said that we should check this place out, so we finally did. The staff was very nice, room was well-appointed and for London was large. One of the best attributes of the hotel is the 25 meter indoor pool. It is the best pool I have used at a non-resort property. Anyone who likes to swim will love this feature, which is pretty rare in London.Rooms are quiet, and hallway noise was minimal. The only negative experience (which is no fault of the hotel) is that when we arrived at Waterloo (which is very close to the hotel, but in reality a 5-minute walk), the taxis refused to take us there because it was so close. Overall I recommend the hotel and look forward to staying there again.Likes: Good Location, quiet room, great pool, nice new hotel in cool old building. Dislikes: Expensive, but compared to similar properties in London a good value.	
Jun 6 2007 	An Outstanding Hotel	We stayed at the Marriott County Hall for ten days in May. It could not have been a better stay. We used Marriott points to pay for the room, but upon our request, the front desk upgraded us to a river view room. The room looked out on Big Ben and the London Eye. When the window was open, we could clearly hear Big Ben's chimes. The staff of the hotel was phenomenal from the doormen to housekeeping. I sat down in the bar to wait for my wife to join me and the waiter quickly came to ask if I would like a newpaper to read while I waited. The French manager of the bar had a nice long conversation with us and offered his sightseeing tips. The room was large by city hotel standards and the shower was hot and strong. We enjoyed having a tea/coffee maker in the room and housekeeping replenished the tea bags (and tea biscuits) daily. The restaurant was also very good, although it had been moved to the Library (formerly the bar area) while the formal restaurant undergoes renovations. We could not have had a better stay at the Marriott London County Hall!	
Jun 2 2007	Outrageous and Bizarre experience!	Just came back from London and Ireland, London for 5 days. We stayed at this hotel 2 days and at an inexpensive hotel the other 3. Yes, this is a gorgeous hotel although the room we were given had a very poor view of an alley type area.BUT, after the first night my husband told me there were bumps appearing on my face. Later that day, I noticed larger bumps had formed on my fingers and feet. They started to itch. We were sightseeing all day, we were outside and bundled up most of the time and I didn't give it much thought until I saw multiple bumps on my back, legs and feet when I was getting ready for bed.The second night I woke up with horrible itching on my legs, back, etc. It was so bad, I slept on the floor the rest of the night.When I woke up, there were more than 100 bites on my body, obviously from dust mites, which I am allergic too.Despite my allergy, this has never happened to me at any hotel and I have traveled extensively. The kicker is that when I told hotel reception the next morning- very nicely I may add-they did not send someone up to the room right away to investigate as promised.When I called reception to tell them about the problem I added that I was not filing a claim or threatening them in any way but requested a female member of the staff come see how bad the problem was before we left that morning. There was no protective cover on the mattress and dust mite allergies are very common. I simply didn't want this to happen to someone else, and wanted them to see the &quot;evidence&quot; of the problem before we checked out. The reception said they would send the manager- who was female- right up to room.I added that we had a train to catch and would be leaving the hotel in 30 minutes and also leaving London that morning. 15 minutes later, no one had showed up. Two more calls and a total of 30 minutes after the first, still no one had arrived or even called. I got dressed and left to hotel so we could catch our train to the airport.I am outraged at this treatment! Especially at a 4 or 5 star hotel.I won't let this ruin my pleasant memories of this vacation overall, but this bizarre experience surely tainted the end of our vacation. Between a train ride and the flights back home to the States, I was very uncomfortable the entire journey.	
May 30 2007 	Mixed Feelings with the County Hall	I was going to book the number one ranked hotel on Tripadvisor, but it seemed that the County Hall had the best picturesque view (Big Ben/Parliment). I booked a river side view via Marriot's reservation office for roughly 182 gbp plus vat. When arrived hours before check in because our driver waned to drop the bags off and make sure they knew we were here. The bag porters quickly came to the car and opened the doors to the car and had the bags out. We went to the front desk and told them our name. To our surprise the room was ready to go. The hotel reservations guy had asked if we wanted an upgrade or to be offered an upgrade and I said yes that would be great. When i mentioned it to the desk lady she looked at me like I had just insulted her so I didn't press any further. She didn't talk with any sort of warmth in her voice or happiness so that was a bit dissappointing. The baggage ported took our uggage and us to the room. He should us were the hotel bar and resturant were located on the way over and also tol us what floor the pool and spa were located. Our room was nice with a king size bed and a large marble bathroom with a very deep tub. A couple of things that disappointed me about the room1. The room was on a corner so you had a partial view of the river and you could not see Big Ben, but you could partially see the parliment building. 2. The tv was like 15 inch standard tube TV. With a hotel this nice you would expect flat panel TVs at least. Also the distance between the tv and the bed(more than six feet) made the tv look like a 10inch. 3. If it is windy in London like it was when I went you may want to change rooms. Maybe becuase it was on the corner, but you would hear the wind howling outside the room, but once outside you didn't hear any howling. 4. We ate at the hotel around 12:00am because we turned the wrong way on whitehall and could not find anything open that looked decent. We walked into the hotel bar/ resturant and they said they could offer sadnwiches which was not a problem. They served the drinks and the menus promptly, but that is where the promptness ended. I had to signal the waiter over just to get the glasses filled and only one time did some say that our food was one the way. It took about 1 hour to serve a club sandwich and a steak sandwhich with chips. When I signaled for the waiter again to fill our water glasses I quess the manager had walked in and looked like he was upset I had to do that.Now for the good things1. The bed was maybe the best thing I have ever slept in and with the down filled comforter was nice considering the cold weather. Also loved the Six pillows.2. Bathroom was large and bright. The water pressure was great and the aromatherapy toiletries were very nice. 3. The hotel is stunning and you cannot walk in the hotel without the staff saying hello or trying to help you with finding something.4. The location is very central and not far from the subway, and it looked like the double decker tour bus stops in front. Westminster abbey is just across the bridge and the London eye is just behind the hotel. In conclusion I would have to stay at other Hotels in London, just to make a comparison. The service was nice, but at times disappointing and looking back I never felt really welcome. I will say I only spoke to one English person there which was the manager, but everyone else was Eastern European and seemed nice enough not get in trouble with the managment. For the price I would have to give it Average rating. If it was slightly cheaper I would give it an Above average rating. I feel like there are ways for people to feel more welcome that does not cost the hotel any monies.	
May 28 2007 	Excellent	The Marriott County Hall deserves it 5 star rating. Rooms are elegant, well furnished and maintained. Don't hesitate if you are looking for a good central London base for business or tourism.	
May 21 2007 	Wonderful traditional hotel. Very pleasant stay at this hotel.	I booked 3 nights with the hotel directly with them on the phone; as was travelling with my husaband and two children, and the website was a bit unclear as to what accomodation options were available with 2 adults and 2 children. After a brief phone call to the hotel... I was able to book the Big Ben Executive Room with two queen beds. The room was very large for London... no balcony.... but our room overlooked the river and Big Ben. As the building was built in the 1920's... the windows are not that large; therefore, do not expect an expansive view of the river/Big Ben. The view was small... but it was there... and there was a newer sound-proofing window in addition to the original windows. When this sound-proofing window was closed... it was very quiet and peaceful in the room.Our room allowed us access to the Executive Lounge on the 4th floor; which featured a small, continental breakfast in the AM. That was a nice feature.The hotel has a large pool... which our children enjoyed.The location is superb... allowing for easy access to the main sights and a nice stroll along the river. The service was outstanding! We arrived after 5pm, and our room was not ready yet. We were escorted to the Executive Lounge and in approximately 10 minutes... our room key was delivered to the Lounge. The staff was extremely apologetic and helpful.Throughout our stay, we found the staff very friendly and helpful.The room was not cheap... but for a family of 4 in London (or most of Europe for that matter) it is hard to stay in such a central location for this price. Most hotels would require 2 seperate rooms.	
May 11 2007 	Great hotel and location	Great stay at the Marriott county hall, we often stay in London and picked this hotel as it was close to the hospital where my father in law was being treated.Hotel carparking was charged for 24 hours from your arrival time at £30.00 per 24 hours.We booked directly off the marriott website and got a good deal compared to brookers websites so always check that out.The rooms are very spacious, wouldn't bother much with the river viewfor the higher floors as you don't really get a view, we was on the 3rd floor and had a good view of the houses of parliment etc,. Good amenities , we booked a non smoking room which was guaranteed and was allocated a smoking room due to our late arrival, I didn't acceptthis room and it took approx 1/2 hour for reception to sort this out.Swimming pool is gorgeous, just at the right temperature on the sat morning we was there a lady came to do an aqua aerobics class, changing rooms are too small best option is to use your robes from your room and change in your own room.Late checkout was not an option.Buffett breakfast was really nice and a good selection of foods.Approx 400 yards from westminster tube station, horseguards parade and downing street just around the corner.London eye is cheaper if you book on line and i would highly recommend the express pass at busy times, we went on at 7.30pm no queues and saw the lights being turned on over London, really lovely.	
May 10 2007	disappointing	Just returned from a weekend in London.this hotel was a disappointment for what we payed.I had requested a early check in but when we arrived the room was nt ready and the receptionist said she would ring us when the room was cleaned and it was a priority.This was about 12 o clock we returned to the hotel at 3.10 pm as we had heard nothing and the room still was not available when we eventually got to the room our bags were still down stairs as the porter was very busy so we had to wait another 30 minutes for our bags.Our twin room was fine ,spacious and clean with a tiny tv with very poor picture and only a few channels.Bathroom had nice big bath but we only had one set of toiletries between us which I though was mean .The hotel is central with a lovely view over the river and its an easy walk to covent garden etc.Our room faced onto a yard where they started moving trolleys with the laundry at 7 am which woke us two out of our 3 mornings.I complained the second morning as it was impossible to get sleep and it was a Sat and Sunday morning but to no avail the noise continued.Breakfast was very good and staff very pleasant .The hotel itself is in a old parliament building that is interesting but very divided with no focus point so there is little in way of atmosphere.	
May 8 2007 	The Best Hotel	We were able to stay at this wonderful hotel for a week by using our Marriott Rewards points. We could not have picked a better hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location put us right in the heart of the city. Views of Westminster, Big Ben and the London Eye. We arrived in the morning and they stored our luggage and sent us to the Concierge lounge, since our room was not ready. Later we returned to a wonderful corner room with a view of the Thames and the London Eye. The room was very large, roomy and had two double beds. Very comparable to US hotel rooms. Two tube stations nearby and so much in walking distance, even the Big Bus tours stopped right out front. This was truly the perfect hotel for our first trip to London. By the time we left we said we would miss the huge tub and the sound of Big Ben each hour. Dont miss their superb tea in the library.	
Apr 26 2007 	Absolutely tip top!	Hi!OK - I have been lucky enough to stay in some of London's greatest hotels, including the Savoy. the Grosvenor, Hilton Park Lane and the Waldorf etc. But even these didn't match the Marriott County Hall. What a great place. We booked our room about 1 hour before we got there. When we arrived, reception apologised profusely as the room wasn't ready. We thought we'd go and hit the bar for an hour. But! they said that because it wasn't ready, they'd upgrade us to a river view suite! Given that we'd only given an hour's notice that that we were staying, we didn't have an issue with our original room not being ready - but the hotel did, hence the upgrade.Well - it was simply superb. A great size room, lovely bathroom and a balcony with a table and two chairs. This is unusual - with most balcony rooms in London, the hotels don't let you go outside! It was great. You could hear Big Ben chiming, watch the people go round and round on the London Eye, and watch the people strolling along the southbank .Breakfast was great. We also spotted a magnificent swimming pool which we would have tried, but we didn't have any togs with us. Looked very inviting though. Nice bars as well. And, importantly, really good location - especially if you've come via Eurostar (until it moves to St Pancras that is...)In general, if you are looking to stay 5 star in London, I would really recommend the Marriott. It is better than those I've mentioned, and they are pretty good! We found their rates to be reasonable, the staff accomodating and all in all, a really great stay. Thorougly recommended :)	
Apr 25 2007 	Great Hotel with Great Location	Excellent hotel. In a great old building, great atmosphere. Rooms are awesome--large and clean with nice bathrooms. Building is great--nice restaurant, library, pool, etc. Very close walk across bridge to Parliament and Westminster, as well as other sites, and the tube. Price was great for what you get. A la carte breakfast is good, as breakfast buffet is 20 pounds. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 16 2007 	Wonderful for families	This hotel was wonderful! We also stayed at the Grosvenor Square Marriott and I like both properties a lot. I would say that you should pick the County Hall if you have children, especially those that aren't interested in shopping as the County Hall location is closer to many tourist attractions and has the huge added bonus of a pool. The staff were extremely nice and we had been given a top floor room with a balcony that had stunning views of the River Thames, Big Ben and you feel as though you can pratically touch the Eye. We did not take this room as we arrived at 8A from the US, and we elected to take a standard non view room so that my husband could take a shower for a noon meeting. We really, really appreciated the early check-in. Our friends were at the same property and did have a top floor room and I must say - the views were some of the best I have ever seen in a hotel, not to mention that there was a balcony to sit out on and enjoy wine and Big Ben chimes. Also, the Dali exhibit below was great (his most sculpture in any exhibit and more than his museum in Figueres), and you are literally attached to the acquarium and the Eye. Great location. My only negative comment is that they do NOT under any circumstances let children into the jacuzzi and our 4 kids (2 families), were often shivering after a 20 minute dip in the pool. I would recommend that they relax on this a little. Also the Grosvenor Square Marriott is in close proximity to a lot more neighborhood restaurant that are great for families or business.	
Apr 14 2007	Lucky last minute find	We were very lucky to book a family room (4 of us including 2 teenagers) for a Saturday night on the Easter weekend the day before for £203 including breakfast through lastminute.com. This was needed as I realised I'd managed to book the wrong night at the Premier Travel Inn round the corner!As we are more used to staying at budget hotels the approach to the hotel felt very grand and a bit intimidating. The staff were very pleasant though and the service was excellent. Slight problem at the reception as they don't normally allow four people in a room - however we had specified this when we had booked. Easily resolved though with a smile.The room had two double beds (very comfortable) and was spacious. The bathroom was very nice - although I have to say that the Travel Inn showers are better!We managed to squeeze 20 minutes swimming in - under 16s have to leave the pool by 7pm which was a bit of a pain especially as there was nobody else in there. Pool was very good for a hotel pool.Breakfast was good - beautiful sunny day with a view of the river. Lots of choice and a beautifully presented buffet. They even managed to make good scrambled eggs. I wouldn't pay £80 for it though which was what it came to for a family of four - just as well it was included in the room rate. Again Travel Inn's excel here as all breakfasts are now free for under 15s so you can feed a family of four very well for about £12.The hotel is within walking distance of the Eurostar terminal - about 10-15 mins with wheelie bags - which was why we chose it.All in all it was lovely as a treat but I'd choose the Travel Inn next time - half the price and we actually prefer less attention.	
Apr 12 2007 	Outstandlingly superb!	We stayed here for 2 nights recently with our two children and were upgraded to a river view suite with a balcony. All I can say is that we felt like royalty - it is such a superb hotel, absolutely faultless.It must have the best location of any London hotel - right on the banks of the river overlooking the Houses of Parliament. As it so expensive I said to my husband before we got there that it probably isn't going to be worth it and we will find fault with something but I can honestly say it is a true 5* plus hotel. A lot of hotels are classed as 5* but fall well below that standard. I hope the staff are on at least double the normal rate as they certainly deserve it - they were the creme de la creme of hotel staff. The pool is brilliant - 25 metres long and children can use it until 7 pm. The drinks at the bar are expensive but no more than you would expect for this standard of hotel. Breakfast as you would expect is superb.Treat yourself to a stay at the Marriott County Hall and I can guarantee you won't be disappointed. The only problem for us now is that we think we've stayed at the best hotel ever so I think we will always find fault with others in future.	
Mar 11 2007	History within your grasp	I recently read a letter in a British national newspaper that said that the reviews in Tripadvisor can't be trusted, are unreliable and that the majority are probably written by the hoteliers themselves. Well I hate to shatter that writer's illusions but a) I am not affilliated to any hotel chain and am a simple punter and b) I have always referred to Tripadvisor before booking any hotel and each time, with great success. So yah boo sucks to them!Anyway, back to the County Hall Review.The plus points:1. It's in a fab location - right on the South Bank, next door to the London Eye and opposite the Houses of Parliament. It's a really buzzy area and perfect for a stroll along the river, loads going on, lots of restaurants and cafes - galleries, theatres and 'street' entertainers. Go on the Eye and then on a river trip - really good fun and very pleasant helpful staff. And do go to the Borough Market, a farmers' market, beyond the Tate Modern....a bit of a walk but well worth it. 100 years ago, the South Bank used to be the poor part of London, you'd never know it today. It's packed to the brim with arts centres, culinary treats and trendy loft apartments. Try and walk all the way up to Tower Bridge, really interesting and you'll see the replica Shakespeare's Globe on the way there. If you can't bear the walk back, then get the RV1 bus back - it drops you right by the London Eye. (Big Wheel)2. The entrance of the hotel is very impressive and sets the standard for the rest of the building. It used to be the GLC (Greater London Council) so is very grandiose in style, you can just imagine all those politicians huddled together gossiping about Ken Livingstone in dark wooden corners.3. The staff - fantastic (except one, see below). The porters were exceptionally welcoming, the manager was constantly in evidence with a smile on his face, the receptionists really helpful, the waiting staff very efficient and the chambermaids very sweet, pleasant and once again, efficient. All the staff seemed to be very genuine and always greeted you with a hello and a smile. Nothing was too much trouble for them.4. The building - loads of wooden panelled walls, strongly decorated carpets (a bit over the top in some places - don't get drunk whatever you do, some of them are very confusing designs!) and an oldy-worldly feel to the whole building. Come in through the back entrance and you'll discover marble staircases and a wonderful sense of the history of the buildng. Some people might find it a bit austere in places but it does have a lovely sense of an old private club.5. The bedrooms - massive beds, very clean and immaculate rooms, towelling robes, hospitality tray with the usual tea, biscuits etc, large TV, great view overlooking Big Ben (at a price!), and most important of all, quiet! While we were staying at the hotel, the BBC were transmitting the live TV programme, Fame Academy. We were a bit concerned that music would be constantly blasting out but, in fact, we didn't hear a thing.....and whenever we bumped into the BBC crew, they were always very pleasant. The only drawback to this was that the back and side doors were locked after 6pm to stop fans from coming in.6. The pool and gym - brilliant, absolutely massive and not that busy. Definitely worth going into.7. The restaurant food - good but see below..... Also i gather that afternoon tea is very good although we were very good and didn't go for it. Maybe next time....Ok, so now the minus points (not many but worth noting):1. Reservations - really quite tricky. Spoke to them a few times and each time, got someone whose English quite frankly wasn't up to scratch so they kept getting confused with what I was asking for. I'm not sure if we were through to the hotel's direct reservation service or to the generic Marriott Reservation service but, athough they were pleasant, it really was a wee bit difficult!2. The price - £329 (not including tax) for a room overlooking Big Ben. Yes the view was lovely but the window ain't that big and nor is the room - and really, you'd be better off booking a cheaper room without a view. After all you can always walk along the river and get a wonderful view for free!3. The Bars - oh dear, smoking in both bars. The only room where I don't think smoking was allowed was in the Library room, which quite frankly in the evening, is a bit too austere to sit in. Someone did mention however that smoking is due to be banned post-July so not long to go. I don't actually mind smoking but I do think that one of the bars should be smoke free. To allow smoking in both bars is a bit much - and isn't Marriott American-owned? You'd have thought they'd definitely ban it.4. Restaurant - the waiting staff were fab, eager to help and very quick so no complaints there. The food was good but, god, the portions were small and not cheap. I thought cuisine minceur had gone out years ago! The room is also rather large and a bit souless.... do eat there because as I said the food is well cooked but choose your dishes wisely. Plum crumble was TINY with a faint dribble of creme anglaise (custard to you and me!)5. Executive Room - we'd booked an executive room which entitles you to use the Executive Lounge on the 4th floor. A pleasant non-smoking but windowless room.....a bit like a first class airport lounge. Drinks are free and there are comfortable seats. You can get breakfast here but for some reason no ordinary white or brown bread, just croissants and flavoured breads...but maybe this was just a blip where we ate there (marmalade and tomato flavoured bread is an interesting combination!) You can also get canapes late afternoon. Now I'm not going to say these are complimentary because for £329 something should be thrown in 'for free'! However at canape hour, the room is absolutely packed with everyone rushing in to get their freebie canape plate! Very tasty by the way. But sometimes there's nowhere to sit so you have to eat standing up. Or you could always pick up your plate, make your excuses and leave. Or could you.......The one thing that annoyed us (very minor really) was when we visited the Executive Lounge to get a couple of tiny cakes to take back to our bedroom (there was something good on telly and we didn't want to miss it!). We were stopped by the lounge's very abrupt male receptionist who said &quot;You can take those out today but from tomorrow, I won't allow it.&quot; I simply said thank you and on leaving the room with our very small plate, I smiled. To which he just stared. Quite frankly, his attitude was really rude and totally over-the-top. I know he was probably just doing his job but it was his tone that annoyed us more. There didn't seem to be any signs anywhere saying that you couldn't do this and anyway, what's the problem? Just one small plate for the chambermaid to clear from the room. Hardly a major ordeal for anyone. Unless there are ulterior culinary motives ie to get encourage people to use the room service menu!Anyway, sorry I digress, aside from that little experience, everything else was really good and I'd recommend the hotel - although if you want a REALLY good view of the river then try the Swiss Howard on the north bank. Fab but not in such a good buzzy location.	
Mar 7 2007 	5 stars plus! Excellent choice.	One of the best hotels I have been so far. Staff is very professional, the facilities including the pool are excellent and if you like a traditional afternoon tea, then you will not forget this one. Restaurant and bar are located to the river with a fantastic view towards the House of Parliament and the City skyline. Worth the money and first choice for a short trip to London.	
Feb 24 2007 	What was expected and needed	We only stayed here for one night before an onward trip, but found it to be very comfortable.The room was a good size, well equipped with a nice bathroom and lovely view of the eye. The hotel is in a great location to explore and the bar and restaurant facilities are good, although a little overpriced.A very comfortable night, but no 'special touches'. It lacks that human touch.	
Feb 18 2007 	Wonderful comfortable stay at london County Hall	We chose this Hotel because it has views of Big Ben and the London Eye, we were lucky to get an upgrade to a room overlooking the river and this really made our stay special. The rooms are very comfortable, especially the beds and bedding, the pool is excellent facility and we had breakfast at a table with a view of the London Eye - fabulous! The staff were very friendly and accommodating and I just cannot wait to return.Another example of you get what you pay for!!!	
Jan 26 2007	Accommodating in Every Way	We'd intended to write our review several weeks ago, when we returned to the States. The New Year came and went and, still, the wonderful experience we had at this hotel hasn't dimmed any with the passage of time. From the grand entrance (and gracious welcome---by several hands!) and beautiful river-view room to the exceptionally helpful staff in the Club Lounge and at the Concierge desk, we can't praise this hotel enough. This multi-national team provided us with warm, thoughtful service and brilliant advice on where to dine with three young children. (To that end, Giraffe, located on the South Bank just past the London Eye and commuter bridge, was a wonderful option for us. A wide variety of interesting food for the adults and an appealing children's menu--we all loved it).Our spacious, nicely-appointed room had plenty of room for us, as well as our &quot;kid gear&quot; which included a stroller and toddler's travel crib. The beds were very comfortable and the room was well insulated against outside noise. The room looked over the hotel's large outdoor balcony onto the River Thames, Parliament and Big Ben. That was a magical experience for our children (ages 6, 4 and 2) who loved to hear the clock tower and to watch the passing boats. We had access to the Club Lounge, which was such a convenient way to get our family fed, watered and moving in the mornings. The Lounge provided a filling breakfast of fruit, cereals, muffins and pastries, cheeses, lox, juices, teas and coffees. In the evening, they had a few appetizers and beverages. The staff were very efficient and pleasant.The hotel location at Westminster Bridge is excellent---we walked past Parliament and Westminster Abbey, through St. James' Park to Buckingham Palace and even got to wave to the Queen as she passed us in her motorcade. The Big Bus tour stops right outside the hotel gates and there are Underground stations and river boat tours just steps away. My husband is a British citizen who now lives in the U.S. We've traveled back and forth to the UK frequently over the last 13 years and this was, by far, one of our most enjoyable visits. The Marriott County Hall was an ideal &quot;base&quot; for this particular London excursion. We wanted to share one of our favorite cities with our children and we believe that the hotel, its location and its offerings really helped us to do that. We will stay here again.	
Jan 16 2007	Peace 	What can I say?.. Every single aspect of our stay was perfect.My wife and I stayed in a Balcony Suite for our Wedding Anniversary. Whilst it was a chilly morning, having breakfast on the balcony overlooking the Thames with Big Ben chiming in the background and the people on the London Eye taking your picture out of jealousy is just fantastic!The hotel had provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne and fruit bowl - presumably as they knew it was our anniversary. This was a lovely start to welcome us to our room, which was of a good size (not enourmous like may be expected by the word &quot;suite&quot;). Included in our room price was access to the Club Lounge with soft drinks, tea/coffee, snacks &amp; canapes. A nice touch and a quiet retreat... We arrived early and whilst our room was not ready the hotel gave us access to the lounge so we relaxed and watched the tv while we waited. The location is fantastic... There is a lot of hustle and bustle outside on the South Bank, but you take a few steps inside the County Hall building and you immediately feel a million miles away in it's peace and tranquility. The building itself is very interesting and grand and is worth a little exploring.From the hotel you can walk to so many of the usual London attractions. We went shopping in Oxford Street so took the tube which took about 3 minutes! The walk along Embankment and the South Bank is great - my most favourite part of London. During the day there are street entertainers to keep you amused, and at night it is peaceful and safe with maybe the odd musician playing. I would therefore highly recommend this hotel for families as we know that kids don't like walking too much, and they will just love all the entertainers.We ate in the restaurant where the service was fantastic, the food was the best we have ever had and the view over the river is great. We subsequently also stayed for afternoon tea in the library, which was also great fun and a great experience. Again, you have those views, but in the Library you also have a wealth of history from when the building used to be the Council offices. There are also some useful 'London Skyline' guides by the windows to advise you of what you are looking at - great for the uninformed tourist!We have previously had afternoon tea at The Ritz, but this operates on a strict timeslot where you have 1 hour... More of a tourist attraction than a chance to enjoy and relax. I'd much rather recommend the County Hall - its cheaper, better location, great views, you can relax and sit as long as you want, no formal dress code - more our style than the stuffy, touristy Ritz!Service and staff were exemplary. Room service was excellent and piping hot due to the heaters underneath the trolley - which incidentally gets turned into a full sized oval table. Concierge were friendly and attentive looking after our luggage and car as we stayed on for afternoon tea.Not the cheapest place overall, but you will be aware of this in advance. Having accepted the cost, you will not be disappointed by the location, service or quality of this hotel.	
Jan 7 2007 	Wow!	We booked this hotel as a wedding anniversary celebration. We found it in the Superbreaks brochure (part of Thomas Cook) with a deal which included Bed, breakfast and the London Eye for £89. What a fantastic location - we walked everywhere while we were there - mainly because a lot of the Underground stations were closed all weekend for maintenance but also it's very central for everything including Leicester Square &amp; Covent Garden, St Paul's Cathedral, Big Ben, House of Parliament &amp; Westminster Abbey.Reception staff were very helpful and the Concierge was fantastic and organised our trip on the Eye. The only drawback of the Hotel is the size. The reception area is just off the Westminster Bridge - our room was at the bottom of the Eye - but it was a great view.We had a choice of full english breakfast or continental - chefs were on hand to cook eggs fresh and coffee and tea was refillable. Continental breakfast had a great choice of fresh fruit, cereal and ham &amp; cheese, yogurts etc.Once we'd checked out we were able to leave our bags in a locked room so that we could enjoy the rest of the day without carrying overnight bags with us. We enjoyed some very nice ambles along the river (both sides). One pub we went in was at the other end of the Westminster Bridge with great views of Big Ben.All in all a great weekend.	
Jan 6 2007 	perfect for new year celebrations	Stayed at this hotel over the new year as I wanted myself and my family to see the New Years eve celebrations and fireworks which take place every year on the Thames.The hotel is ideally positioned approximately 100 yards to the left of the London Eye.On New years eve the large outside balcony is opened up for residents and you have pole position for the best view in London of the fireworks.River view rooms are nice and overlook the Thames and Big Ben even though the windows are on the small side.Over the New year period the buffet breakfast (hot and cold) is excellent alot better than when the hotel reverts back to normal breakfast selections following New Year.The reservations managerwas very pleasant and very knowledgeable.Would stay here again for the quieter location and general feeling of space this hotel has.	
Jan 4 2007 	Excellent location	We stayed at the hotel over the Christmas break and had a super time. You really couldn't ask for a better location with the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben and the London Eye a minute away! The hotel itself is impressive with a grand entrance and a professional and courteous welcome. The family room was spacious and the beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was clean and there was lots of hot water!Our only complaint...the view from the bedroom window was at best disappointing. We overlooked the tiny courtyard and several skips located in the centre of the building. It would be worth asking for a view when you book! Other than that we would thoroughly recommend the hotel!	
Dec 1 2006 	Great views of Big Ben	We arrived on Saturday after an overnight flight. We arrived after taking the train to Victoria Station and then a cab to the hotel. We were told the room would be ready in 30 minutes, so we waited in the lounge. they brought our key and we were taken to the room. The whole nine days were perfect. we loved the stay and we were even able to broadcast live webcam video of big ben and The London Eye to our family back in the States. The only complaint would be the price of Internet.	
Nov 29 2006 	Fabulous location views and service	We spent 4 days/3 nights and the Marriott London County Hall and had a wonderful experience. Listening and watching Big Ben chime midnight across the river was really, really nice. The location can't be beat for walking distance to everything from Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster, Buckingham, Trafalgar Square, The Theater district, and the London Eye (right next door). For travelers arriving on the Eurostar train, the hotel is 2 blocks away and less than a 10 minute walk pulling suitcases.The old County Hall building is enormous, but it needs to be noted that the hotel occupies the center section (where the building bows in) and a block of rooms on the side closest to the London Eye. However, the main hotel entrance is at the bridge end (Big Ben end) of the building. There is also an additional &quot;back&quot; entrance on the street behind the hotel...the side away from the river. If you enter here however, you must wander a bit through the old building 'til you get to the section Marriott occupies. This back entrance is handy if you are running out to the Starbucks or the Italian place or the Yo! sushi joint on that street. There is also a sort of restaurant row (Giraffe and Wagamamma noodle are good choices) just down past the London Eye and the Golden Jubilee Bridge....5-10 minute walk along the river park. Here you'll often you'll find live entertainers performing. We like the guy playing theater hits on water glasses and the silver statue guys. We were suprised to see a Krispy Kreme donut in Waterloo station and heard from friends they make them in front of you at Harrods. If you have kids, there is an aquarium, video game room and Mc Donalds on the ground level of the hotel on the river side. (We didn't personally visit those 3, but just wanted to make the note)The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Let the concierge make all your arrangements for you....he was very helpful and catered to our needs with 4 kids ages 11 and under. The room was spotless, although the carpets and some wood moldings (doorways) were a bit worn. The bath towels were huge and the tub large and deep with a good quality shower head. The bedding was top notch and very comfortable. The pool is very nice for laps (4 lanes X 25 m) with 2 lanes roped off for lap swimmers and the other 2 for kids playing, etc. The breakfast was an exceptional continental buffet, but very pricey at L20. (Approx. $40 at the time of our visit.) We had it included with our room price so that helped quite a bit. The Library holds a traditional Afternoon Tea and has great views of Big Ben and comfy chairs to sink into. As a side note, crazy things happen occasionally and the staff was very gracious and helpful when we had a child get violently ill with a stomach bug and we needed to extend our checkout time. We moved into one room, and they let us stay until she felt well enough to venture out. All in all, this is an excellent place to say, although probably not for the budget concious. Some weekend rates make it worthwhile to get supurb quality and service. Marriott is a known quantity and connecting rooms (hard to find in Europe) make it easy for larger families.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great location	We were booked in for 2 nights,and on arrival at 3pm(1 hour after check in)we were told our room was not ready and wouldnt be for at least another 20 minutes,so we were shown into the main bar area and given a cup of tea on the house.We waited for perhaps another 45 minutes expecting to be told our room was ready but nothing happened so we went back to reception and it appeared they had forgot and so we were promptly given our key and given our room.That was the only blip on an otherwise faultless stay.The room was good,we had a Thames view room,but not really worth all the extra money,but the best thing of all was the bed.It is the most comfortable we have ever slept in,it was wonderful.The hotel is VERY pricey for food and drinks but what you do have is very good.The staff are very nice,but alas,hardly an English accent to be heard,which can sometimes lead to confusion.The location is superb,with 2 tube stations close at hand,and right next to the London Eye,and just across Westminster bridge to the Houses of Parliament.Its fine for a short stay,and try and get a deal with breakfast included! We will be staying there again next year,and we shall start saving now,but its worth it for the bed.	
Nov 21 2006 	Outstanding location and views	We used our Marriott points for our week's stay andupgraded to a river and Big Ben view. It was wellworth the extra expense; especially when we foundout that a continental breakfast, evening snacks anddessert were all included! Everything is withinwalking distance or easy access through theWestminster Tube just across the river bridge.Our room was excellent; staff was excellent; very rarelysaw other quests; extremely quiet room at all hoursof the day. Felt very secure and felt like we were walkinginto our own little oasis every time we came back tothe hotel at the end of the day. Do we recommend thishotel? You BET! And we will be back!!	
Oct 4 2006	Loved Our Stay at Marriott County Hall!	This was the best way to end our 2 week European vacation!! We stayed here for two nights and absolutely enjoyed ourselves.We arrived at Heathrow airport and decided to save some money by taking the tube. Although there was no direct train from the airport to hotel, we changed trains twice (Picadilly then Jubilee) and arrived at Waterloo station. It's an easy walk to the Marriott from there, probably around 5 -10 minutes. The hotel, as past reviewers mentioned, is in the County Hall building. They share the building with another hotel and an aquarium. Check-in was easy and every staff member we encountered always smiled and asked if they could help us.Our room was located on the top floor (I believe it was the 6th floor). It was a huge room, almost like a suite! We had 2 separate windows to look out across the lawn and London Eye. The bathroom was spacious as well and very clean. We used their Olympic size pool one night. To gain entry, you must go downstairs to the spa to sign in and get a code. Then you go pack to the pool and punch the code into the number pad and the door will unlock. The pool is big, basically for lap swimmers but since we went in the evening, there weren't too many swimmers around. Plenty of towels are available there so no need to bring one from the room.Location of this hotel is great! Once you leave out the front entrance of the hotel and turn right...you have the Big Ben in front of you. There is another tube station across the bridge, Embankment, which we used everyday. We took the train down to Tower of London, then walked along the Thames River all the way back to the hotel. It took a while but since we were there during a festival, we had plenty of booths to look and eat at! There is a Starbucks, a cafe and a Chinese noodle place right behind the hotel. And of course, the London Eye is right next door along with a McDonalds!I would definitely go back to Marriott's County Hall on my next trip back to London. It is pricey (even with a discount) but well worth it!	
Oct 4 2006 	Great location and fine service.	Although not inexpensive, the County Hall is in a terrific location, nice sized room, quite good service. The rooms with views of the river and of Westminster are especially to be sought. Altogether a fine place for singles or families.	
Oct 3 2006 	Big Ben alarm clock	This hotel really can't be beaten for location. Waking every morning to the bongs of Big Ben must be one of the all-time best alarm calls. The location is stunning, and worth paying extra for a good river view room. Surprisingly quiet despite such a central location -excellent double glazing dulls the London buzz. The only annoyance was arriving at the check-in time of 2pm and finding the room still not ready, though to be fair the hotel did offer an upgrade - but to a smoking floor. Room service was very good and the service was excellent. Hard to fault this hotel.	
Sep 21 2006 	Awesome Location housekeeping staff needs improvement	The location is excellent for this Marriott property as it sits alongside the Thames River next the to the London Eye. Across is BIg Ben. Walking distance from Waterloo station. Staff is nice but housekeeping staff didn't speak English, which was a shocker considering its England. We had left our 2nd camera battery/charger by mistake at the hotel and it took 3 international phone calls to explain the issue. Since we were roaming around other countries (Paris, Geneva and returning back to London) during our stay it was difficult for them to understand the sense of urgency to mail the item to our hotel(s) in Paris. Since we were going to come back to London as the last leg we gave up on the hotel staff and had the hotel staff keep it (Canon battery/charger) till we physically picked it a week later. We were thankful to Teddi (Guest relations manager) for keeping our equipment safe and sound. Like others, I agree that the housekeeping staff needs to be more attentive to guests' needs.	
Sep 8 2006 	Talk About An Upgrade!	A couple of months ago I made a reservation for a guaranteed river view room with two double beds so that my wife, myself and my two children who have a view of Big Ben and Parliament on our one night stay at the MCH. Upon checking in, we were informed that our booked room was unavailable and were were, insted, being placed in the Westminster Suite as an alternative. The staff member checking us in was very apologetic about the fact that the room had only one king bed but indicated that they would place a cot and a crib in the room. After speaking with her, it seemed as though were were being stuck in a back room with no view but that they were doing the best they could. Since we were only staying one night, it did not make sense to make a fuss...boy, am I glad I kept my mouth shut! Upon arriving on the 5th floor, we started to see signs pointing to the Westminster Suite...the bellhop told us we would love the room. We came to a set of double doors and walked into a room that was easly 1500 sq. ft. Actually, it was several rooms. There were two bathrooms, a kitchen, a great room with a dining area (with a table for 10), three sofas, two desks, several chairs and a bid screen tv and then there was the bedroom (which was huge) and several closets. The room had a hige set of windows with a dead on view of Parliament and Big Ben...this has to be one of the top rooms in the entire hotel. The views from the room was truly spectacular and the room was big enough for the kids to play hide in seek in! Instead of going to a resuaturant, we simply had room service deliver dinner to the room so we could eat at the table with views of Big Ben in the background...not too shabby. Overall, the service at the hotel was very good and the staff was friendly. With that said and even though we had an amazing room, the finishes need some touch up and the furniture could use some refreshing. The location of the hotel is excellent if you want to ride on the London Eye or visit Parliament, Big Best, Westminster or the Tate. The hotel is about 5 minutes from Waterloo station so it is convenient to the tube and to Eurostar. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to families as it has a nice pool and everyone is friendly.	
Sep 6 2006 	Wedding Ceremony 	We held our wedding ceremony &amp; reception here and it was brilliant. The satff couldn't do enough for us during our two day stay. Fredericke in event planning &amp; Carlos (head of baqueting) were superb.We were upgraded to the honeymoon suite (it was HUGE!) Three double windows looking out over the Thames to Big Ben. Our family members were all upgraded to riverview rooms (Yes, there is a fairly long walk to some rooms!) The breakfast &amp; meals in the hotel were superb. We will deffinately be staying again!Thank you all for a wonderful time!	
Aug 29 2006 	Perfect for Families!	My wife and I stayed for seven nights with two children (ages 10 and 7) on our first trip to London. I could not imagine a better location for families. Our room was overlooking the London Eye, and there is a row of restaurants, a Starbucks, and a convenience store directly behind the hotel. There is a bus behind the hotel (RV1) that goes to many of the major sights from Covent Garden to the Tower of London. Out the front entrance of the hotel (one of the nicest hotel entrance drives I have ever seen) is the Westminster Bridge, with incredible views of the Thames, Big Ben, Parliament, etc., and on the other side of the bridge is the Tube.The hotel itself is beautiful and located in the old County Hall, which is a combination of marble and mahogany halls and rooms that make it feel more like an estate than a hotel. We used points to book our room, and it was huge with two very comfortable double beds, a separate sitting area, a desk with U.S. outlets, and a large marble bathroom. The large indoor pool is a great bonus for kids as well. We didn't eat in the hotel since there were so many options nearby, but we did have tea in the bar, which was excellent with a great view of the Thames and Big Ben.The staff was excellent and very friendly. They immediately supplied an extension cord that I requested, and brought the kids chocolates every evening for turndown service. They hung the London Times on our door every morning, and supplied a current selection of magazines, including guides for what was going on.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel for its location and comfort, especially for families. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 20 2006 	Good choice	My husband, daughter (2) and I stayed at this hotel last week for 5 days. There are a lot of good aspects about this property:- great view of Big Ben, Thames River, Houses of Parliament- staff was the friendliest we have ever encountered anywhere- Executive Lounge stayed open on weekends and provided both morning and afternoon snacks- Large, clean rooms- Good location for sightseeing all of the major London areasA few drawbacks were:- room service food was not good but cost an awful lot- we had problems with the air conditioning unit not working during the night- despite requesting no turndown service after a maid barged in while we were sleeping, they continued to come to our room every night to turndown the bedOverall, our stay was very nice. The crib they provide is not a crib but a Pack-n-play and they had no blankets for it so you should bring your own. The mini-bar has NO room to place milk or juice in so parents should be prepared to use the ice buckets in the room. There is a convenience store around the block, many food options in the area and when we requested a specific plate of vegetables - room service had no problems preparing exactly what we wanted. If you are transferring from the airport with a small child, your best bet is to take a cab. We tried the other options and they were more stressful than was necessary. We would return to this hotel in the future.	
Aug 17 2006 	Best accommodation for a family	We stayed in the Marriott County Hall with our two children and were delighted with this hotel. The hotel is part of London history and the rooms are big by European standards. We shared one room with our children and there was plenty of room. There are wonderful, comfortable Marriott beds waiting for you at the end of the day. We ate breakfast at the hotel and it was easy to tell a chef was in charge of the menu. This hotel is central to everything and it is very easy to acess the underground. The pool is very big and the gym is a very high standard. Room service is disappointing but a similar standard to other hotels. We loved this hotel and inspite of the currency difference when changing to pounds we would choose to stay here again.	
Aug 14 2006	What a view what a location	Spent 4 days last week here and I can not rave enough. The location next to the London Eye was great. It is also across Westminster Bridge from Big Ben. Next to the Eye was a boardwalk with restaurants including an Italian restaurant, Strada and a Wagamama Japanese noodle restaurant both good choices.Our room was on the 3rd floor with a view of the London eye. It had a king size bed that was very comfortable. The room was 4-5 star quality, very clean and in perfect condition. I would agree with others that it was a hike from the elevators but it got us into the tourist mode each morning.Another plus is if you are taking the Eurostar. It departs from Waterloo station, a couple of blocks from the hotel.We did use the &quot;heated&quot; pool but since we are from Florida, our definition of heated was different. There was also a whirlpool available but we were told that it was single sex only??? The staff went out of there way to insure we had a memorable stay and were very responsive to our requests including a checkout the night before due to a 4:00 A.M. airport pickup.Overall, if you are looking for a 4-5 star hotel in a good location, this is a good choice	
Jul 9 2006	A great choice for us	After reading all the Trip Advisor reviews, we knew we wanted to stay in either the Marriott or the Premier Travel Inn, both at County Hall, because of the location. &quot;We&quot; are 2 adults, one of whom suffers from hot flashes, and a 6'6&quot; teenaged son. By sharing a room with our son at the Marriott, instead of getting 2 rooms at the Travel Inn, we were able to get the cost difference down somewhat. A &quot;deal&quot; advertised in the Marriott email newsletter, reduced the cost even further. We were very glad of our choice, because we arrived in the middle of a heat wave. The room was spacious, with enough room for the 3 of us to spread out at the end of the day. The beds were comfortable although the duvet and pilows were not the light as air down type. The bathroom really spacious, very elegant feeling. The room was really quiet but had no view - but for the price, we didn't mind. We had breakfast there the 6 of our 11 days in which it was included in the rate, and the meals were fine but not worth paying extra for. The other days we ate at the McD in the building. Yes, it's in a tourist area - the outside tables have an absolutely fabulous view of Big Ben, Parliament, the Abbey, the Eye, ... And at 8 am, it's uncrowded and you can actually enjoy the view. That's why we came! And yes, a lot of English learners work in the restaurant trade - so check your order carefully before you leave the counter - we rarely got quite what we had ordered. The Marriott staff were all considerate and well mannered. No complaints there. Things we would have liked: (1) an ATM in the hotel - the closest one seemed to be at the tube station, (2) a gift shop for fogotten items such as allergy pills - closet pharmacy was Boots, a block up from Westminster, (3) a non-smoking lounge in which to drink coffee and read the paper while other memebers of the group are finishing their morning showers, etc.	
Jul 8 2006	Perfect location and beautiful accommodations	My 2 daughters (ages 10 and 12) and I just returned from a week in London. It was our first time visiting London, and travelling abroad for that matter. I struggled for months in finding a hotel that could match what I was looking for: a room large enough to comfortably accommodate 3 people, a pool for the kids (that's half the fun of vacation for them!), a location in central London close to the Underground, and A/C (a &quot;must have&quot; for me in July). The Marriott County Hall met all these. My only hesitation was the costly price. However, as soon as we crossed the Westminster Bridge and saw the County Hall (which looks like a castle on the River Thames and faces the Houses of Parliament and Big Ben) I knew I'd made the right choice in booking a room at the Marriott County Hall. Even now, after seeing the locations of the other lodging contenders I'd explored, and after paying the bill, I can say with the utmost confidence that I made the right choice by not cheaping-out.We had a lovely, good sized suite on the third floor. The room was large and, in addition to the 2 double beds, included a loveseat, two large wingback chairs, a coffee table, an armoir for the tv and a writing/work desk. All the furniture was arranged such that there was plenty of walking room. The beds were full sized and had down pillows and comforters covered with crisp, clean, white linens. All the plumbing and electricity worked fine. I was especially grateful for the A/C, as it happened to be one of the hottest weeks London had experienced this summer. And, having walked into the Premier Travel Inn (a less expensive alternative in the same building, but without A/C) to ask a question, and having found it to be hotter than Hades on the ground floor (I could only imagine what the room would've been like!), I was once again grateful for my choice.As suspected, after a day of siteseeing, the kids really enjoyed the pool. One disappointment was that it closes to children under the age of 18 after 7pm, which did not always leave as much time as they would've liked to swim at the end of the day. Still, they managed to squeeze in a swim 5 out of the 7 days we were there. Another disappointment was that the spa did not accept children as clients for even a manicure or pedicure. I found this out the hard way. After booking appointments for the 3 of us in advance, I was informed after the fact (i.e., when the kids showed up for their appointment) that the spa did &quot;not have insurance&quot; to work on persons under the age of 18. I wished that had been advertised somewhere or stated sometime up front, as this was intended as a special event (they had chosen this over High Tea at the Savoy) and it left the girls terribly disappointed.The Marriott meals, like most hotels, were overpriced, so we did not eat at the restaurant more than once or twice. Instead, we found plenty of afforadable restaurants near and around our hotel, including a Bagel Express, Yo Sushi, Loco Mensa (Italian restaurant), Noodle Box, Pizza Express, Starbucks, and a convenience store that sold water and sandwiches, etc. Still, overall, the beauty and location of the hotel could not be beat. We could easily walk to anywhere in and around Westminster, including Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, the Westminster Underground station, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square. We even walked along the River Thames in the evening, where there are more restaurants and sidewalk/street performers, especially near the London Eye. I felt very safe the whole time.I highly recommend spending the extra $ on a high quality hotel and location, especially if you've never been to London. It will make your experience all the more special! TIP #1: Ask if there are &quot;any specials&quot; when you book. I was able to get a special weekend rate through VISA which amounted to a nightly discount of about 250GBP (~$500) , 4 free full English breakfasts, and a 100GBP (~$200) credit toward the rest of my stay. Not bad!TIP #2: Don't need to tip waitstaff at restaurants more than 10%. Watch out - some restaurants include a &quot;gratuity&quot; on the bill - especially at hotels!TIP #3: Rather than exchanging your USD's at the hotel, use the bank ATM machine at St. Thomas hospital across the street from the Marriott. This is one time when using your credit cards as much as possible is better, as the exchange rate is more favorable through those.TIP #4: A Zone 1-2 TravelCard will get you to ALL the major sites in London. You can buy one at any London Underground station. The cost is 4.90 GBP per day. 1 GBD for children over 11 and children under 11 ride free on buses and the Underground after 9:30 am. You can use your TravelCard on buses, too.	
Jul 4 2006	Fantastic!	I love this hotel - have stayed there twice now. Yes its a little on the price side, but you do get a lot for your money! For a start the location - you'd be hard pressed to find a more conveniently located hotel in London, especially if you're arriving by train. The staff are friendly and helpful, the hotel itself is beautifully looked after (as for the comment about the state of the South Bank area - yes I agree that something needs to be done regarding the little but this is the local council's responsibility and there is nothing Marriott can do about it.We initally stayed at this hotel back in January because were considering holding our wedding reception here as we were planning on marrying on the London Eye so the Marriott is a very convenient place to have the reception - we went ahead and booked it and I have to say that we made the right decision.We held our wedding reception the Library Lounge in May this year and the hotel did not dissapoint - the staff were fantastic and nothing was ever too much trouble for either us or any of our guests. The food was just as good as it was when we tried it in the hotel's restaurant and the service impeccable. I can definately reccomend this hotel - particularly for a special occasion.	
Jun 27 2006	Great View	We were lucky enough to get a room with one of the best views in the hotel. We overlooked the Thames and could see Big Ben and Parliment right out our window. The room was very quiet and nice sized with two very comfortable queen beds. The special deal for three nights form Orbitz with a river view was great but adding one more night through Marriott was not.The location and view were superb.	
Jun 24 2006	Great Place To Stay	Our family of four stayed at the Marriot London County Hall in March 2006 and were happy with our choice. The hotel was within two blocks of the Eurostar train station and Underground metro system. Our room had a great view of the river Thames, London Eye, Parliament and Big Ben. The reception staff were very friendly and concierge recommended great restaurants, shopping, and booked several shows for us. The price was a little high but, being members of the Marriot rewards program, we were able to lower the bill using their &quot;Look No Further Best Rate Guarantee&quot; program which price matched and gave us an additional 25% off. Overall, I would rate the hotel at 3.5 stars.	
Jun 5 2006	keep it great it's about to become average	We have stayed in this hotel about 6 times and it is always enjoyable. Great rooms, comfy beds, clean and nice breakfast. It is also good value if you can get one of the special deals (look at Marriott online and join the privilege club). However, some things need to be changed; the breakfast area can be very crowded and it needs better organisation. The service has declined as there are too many East European staff who are untrained and have an abrupt manner - this is their way but it is not pleasant in the context of England and tourism. Sorry if this is not politically correct but sometimes I feel in London that I am in Warsaw or Moscow nowadays. As a British person i find it offensive that I can hardly speak my mother tongue in my own country. The walk way in front of the Marriott along the South Bank is FILTHY. It must be cleaned. The whole area around the hotel is filthy with tourist rubbish. It would be wonderful to get rid of that ugly MacDonalds under the hotel that is disgusting and makes all the filth and rubbish from toursts. London South Bank cleaning needs to be better and the Marriott should do something about it.	
May 26 2006	What a great place!	Never having been to London, I wondered if we'd chosen the right place for what was to be a special trip. It turned out that I'd hit a home run. Not only is the hotel absolutely perfectly situated, the staff is exceptional and it is the quietest hotel I have ever stayed at...anywhere! I commented on that several times during the trip - and the hotel was at capacity several nights we were there, yet we still didn't hear a peep.The rooms are very well appointed and perfectly sized, bathrooms are large and the beds are very, very comfy. The staff couldn't have been nicer. Go visit Darius, a nice young man who tends the Leaders' Bar off the lobby and get him talking about his travels. He is pleasant and interesting and added nicely to our stay.I had read the reviews about the &quot;long walks&quot; to rooms. Yes, this is an interesting place having been a former office building (which you'd never know from the look now), thus there are many wings and lots of corridors. I'd suggest if you need a room near the elevator, request that in advance and confirm it ahead. If you plan to walk a lot on your trip, as many people do, there should be no problem with the 90 second to 2 minute walk to the farthest reaches of the hotel (we timed it).One other added bonus - we took Eurostar to Paris. The County Hall is less than a 10 minute walk to Waterloo Station - so if you plan to head out on Eurostar, you couldn't be better located.We highly recommend this superb hotel.	
May 20 2006	In the middle of everything	This hotel has the best location imaginable. While you can easily catch a bus or boat tour right outside the hotel, or walk to a tube or train station, you can also walk to a number of attractions - an aquarium and Dali museum are within the same complex, the London Eye is right outside, and Parliament and Westminster Abbey are right across the bridge. My family also enjoyed walking to Trafalgar Square, the Tate Modern and Globe Theatre, which were just a little farther away. And when you're done with sightseeing for the day, you can walk along the river and enjoy cafes, bookstores, street vendors, street performers and musicians - there's even a video arcade and bowling for kids of all ages within County Hall.We enjoyed the hotel restaurant for dinner (though pricey), and found many other restaurant options within walking distance - cheaper options include Wagamama, EAT, Manga and the ubiquitous McDonalds. Our room was very comfortable and had a fantastic view of parliament and the eye. My father also enjoyed the pool, whirlpool and steam room and had a great massage at the spa. We arrived at the hotel before 9 a.m. and they had our room ready within 45 minutes, and getting a late checkout on our final day was no problem. All the staff we encountered were very courteous and helpful. However, we did not get our wake-up call, so take a back up alarm just in case. A pricey hotel, but if you can get a great rate as we did, grab it and go! Oh, and the pillows are on the stiff side, so if you prefer a softer one, stuff your own in a space bag and take it with you.	
May 9 2006	Lovely Hotel	Simply a wonderful place to stay in the heart of London. The location, the view, the decor and the staff were all superior. Yes, the walk to the rooms can be a bit longer than usual but it is well worth it. We were able to walk almost everywhere. The Big Bus stops right out front. The Westminster dock is right across the way as well. We had an amazing view of Big Ben and the London Eye, which made for quite a romantic setting. The employees were wonderfully helpful. I did not eat here but the concierge was able to make delicious suggestions. The biggest downside I felt was the length of time it took to secure a taxi. Other than that, this stay was an A+ for us.	
May 6 2006	Excellent Hotel great location recommended!	I loved staying at this hotel. Everything was fine, about the only things I can think that were wrong with it are the fact that it takes a while to navigate the halls if you're in a room towards the back and that they didn't apply my airpoints which I asked for (but other Marriott hotels have failed to do this, I think the administration for this side of things is a bit incompetent)The room was excellent, really lovely and very nice. We ate both in the restaurant and had room-service and both were absolutely fantastic. It is very well located and basically just a pleasure to stay in.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 2 2006	Fantastic staff	All the staff were very friendly and helpful which can be quite unusual in London. Breakfast was definately above average. Our room was a good size although the river view could only be seen by standing up at the rather high window.	
Apr 30 2006	"Brilliant" Stay at London Marriott County Hall	Our family had a &quot;brilliant&quot; 7-day stay at the London Marriott County Hall during early March 2006. The dramatic view from our expansive &quot;double-double&quot; room? Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament, along with Westminster Bridge and the ever-changing Thames River and Embankment area. We were delighted with the efficient and creative assistance of the concierge, the impeccable service from housekeeping and room service, and the graciousness of the management. The pool was relaxing after a long day of sightseeing (NO LINES in early March!!!). The convenient location and the gorgeous hotel architecture all combined to make this an unforgettable first trip to London for our 12 and 15 year old kids.	
Apr 27 2006	Wonderful Stay	Spent one night here last week and i have to disagree with one of the other reviewers. That so-called &quot;long walk&quot; to the entrance takes about two minutes to get through and while many have spoken of the &quot;long halls&quot; in the hotel itself, obviously that depends on where your room is located.Since we arrived around 2PM from another part of the UK we had no trouble getting into our room immediately. We were upgraded from a regular balcony/Thames view room to a balcony/Thames view suite with a king-sized bed all for no additional charge. We were very pleased since we had paid a government rate in the first place.Great comfortable bed and well-appointed bathoom. Pool was excellent, tooBreakfast in the morning was extensive and service was excellent.The view from the room, especially at night, was magical and fun.Would definitely stay again.	
Apr 25 2006	Out of the Way Rooms/Exhausting Walk	If you are physically healthy, this hotel is ideal for you! Once you walk through long passageway outside off street you then have to walk what seems like 1/4 mile to get to your room. As for the view, if you are a squinter or tall person, the scenery would be idea.	
Apr 5 2006	Great Stay With Children	Stayed end of March for 3 nites and what a great stay.Asked for early check in since arriving from States around 9:30 a.m. and they were real busy, however expedited and had room within 25 minutes. Just great location. On and Off Big Tour bus stops right outside.Waterloo station for Eurostar is within 5 minutes walk. Starbucks right out back door. Internet cafe is out back door too--1 pound for 30 minutes. Hotel pool was just great for kids. Cash station right acrossed street in hospital lobby. Only negative was breakfast buffet was overpriced @ about $35 US, but w/Starbucks next door who cares. Just enjoyed sitting in magnificent lobby and studying architchure (sp). Accomodated us w/ rollaway for our 6'5&quot; son. Room had 2 queen beds and very comfortable. Great location. Helpful friendly staff. One of finer Marriott's in world.	
Mar 18 2006	Very Romantic	What a wonderful romantic weekend we had. The room was beautiful great views over the Thames. The breakfast was 101% Salmon and Strawberries each morning:)	
Feb 21 2006	Excellent New Year	We had the most amazing new year in this fabulous hotel, the staff were fab, even re-arranged the whole dining room so that we could eat together (6 of us) on New Years Eve. The fireworks were amazing too! Hotel in a fab location, too. Lots to do and excellent in every aspect - the breakfast was superb, highly recommended, especially for families.	
Feb 18 2006	honeymoon at County Hall	We stayed for our civil partnership in one of the Big Ben executive suites. We were worried that Big Bens chimes might have kept us awake but the room is well sound proofed so the chimes are just audible. We sat on a clear night gazing out at Big Ben and the Houses of Parilment looking at the stars and sipping champagne. Fabulous. The staff were friendly and professional without being over attentive. The swimming pool was great and the food and drink superb. One disappointment was the manicure. Really not worth the £40. My nail technician seemed rushed and my nails chipped almost immediately.	
Feb 7 2006	Did Not Live Up To Expectations	I totally agree with the previous reviewer. The room we were given was very small, although supposed to be deluxe. The web site for the hotel says the rooms are all spacious. They certainly are not!Breakfast was no more than average, the hot plate holder held stone cold plates for the help yourself hot buffet and the buffet items were hardly warm, certainly not hot. There was a queue of people in the entrance to the restaurant waiting for tables to be vacated.The hotel is overpriced, unless you want to pay an extortionate price for a view. It is not 5 star quality.	
Feb 5 2006	Not as good as you expect it to be	Its not as good as people think.I found the rooms to be very overpriced. The rooms are average in size AND YOU CAN WALK FOREVER to get to your room. The food I give credit too but you can wait to get your delivery. The staff at the lobby were polite in their own way. I felt they were very cold there and smiles were not genuine.Other than that an average 5 star hotel but not worth the money you pay for the location of the hotel only.	
Jan 17 2006	View Service Food Pool this hotel has it all.	Stayed here 2 nights 1/1 to 1/3. Got a great deal on Riverview. To look out the window at Big Ben and the rest of the north bank was a treat. Yes, the walk from the elevator can be long, but for such a view well worth it. The room included 2 london eye tickets and 2 full breakfasts. Breakfast was good, I can not imagine paying the 72 pounds that our bill came too for two. The dining and bar areas were very inviting. Some tables in the bar allow again for that lovely Big Ben view.We arrived late on 1/1, after 5, and were surprised to find our room not yet ready. But reception quickly sat us in the bar, paid for our drinks and offered a cold breakfast in the club room for the other two in our party who were not partaking of the full breakfast.Such fine service was reflected too in the consierge coming to the bar to assist us in using our down time to advise of resturants in the area and booking for the London eye.The other pleasant experience at this hotel is the pool, sauna and whirl pool. A great way to relax before ending our week in London and boarding the flight home.	
Nov 28 2005	Could not get much better	Checked in for 10 days (5 personal and 5 business) and would recommend this hotel for either. I had a 5 and 7 year old with me part of the time, and they loved this hotel. Staff was great to book sitter, call cabs, etc. Rooms very fairly large, only showed minor wear, and we kept very clean by a very tidy staff. Pool is very large and great for lap swimming. Hotel bar was very cool...great views of Big Ben.Concierge was excellent with many recomendations on restaurants, etc. Make sure you go to Wagamama restaurant, just by the hotel. Excellent Noodles! I am a Marriott Gold and had access to a very nice executive lounge that was always stocked with coffee, breads, fruits, etc. I did not try the restaurants or room service, too many other great places to stay in London. Use the Westminster Tube stop. It is closer than Waterloo and you can walk right across the bridge.I have stayed at two other London hotels and would rate this the highest. It is a great, historic building, close to Covent Garden, Trafalgar, etc. The view from my room was excellent of the Thames and Parliament. All of the South Bank is being revitalized..this spot will only get better with time. Try to book on Marriott Points, this can get very expensive, but so is the rest of this city.I have stayed about probably 30 Marriott properties in the last couple of years, and this is at or near the top.	
Nov 21 2005 	Great views rooms and staff	Stayed at the Marriot London County Hall for two nights. Had a room on the top (6th) floor which was spacious and well appointed, and which also had a balcony looking over the Thames to Parliament and Big Ben. The public areas were also stylish in a wood panelled sort of way. The staff were available, friendly and helpful. Highly Recommended.	
Nov 14 2005	Vert friendly staff exceptionally clean	I have just stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. All staff were very helpful and polite. Our room was immaculate and this is the first time I have had a hotel bathroom where the grouting and silicone was not black.Breakfast very extensive and nothing too much trouble, my poached eggs were cooked to perfection.The concierge was brilliant and very knowledgable.The pool was lovely and clean and there was an abundance of towells. I have worked in the leisure industry and the standards here were excellent.One small niggle. We went to the theatre and were unable to eat before we left so we decided to use room service when we returned to the Hotel as the JApanese restaurant had closed, this is adjoined to the Hotel. The food took 45 mins, the hot food was cold and the bread was stale, even the tea was cold. At a cost of 37.00 we felt a little upset. However, again the staff could not have been more cooperative and when we came to check out the 37.00 had been deducted from our bill. Overall I would still rate this Hotel very highly and would definately stay here again.	
Nov 11 2005	A very plush and comfortable hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my daughter and her friend for half term this October. We had a special promotional rate on the room, but I would honestly say that it was worth the full price!The room was spacious with two double beds, the children sharing one. The bathroom was also spacious and the whole room beautifully clean.We arrived around 3pm and spent an hour in the hotel pool. We then got ready for a night at the theatre. Due to lack of time we ordered room service. When finally the food came, it was very nice; but it took too long and was a little too cool. Only after paying my bill the next morning did I notice the 45 minute delivery promise! I would say that we waited nearly an hour and a half.Apart from that, the service was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful.The location of the hotel is perfect for sightseeing and theatre visits.I would definitely stay there again - probably next time I go to London!	
Oct 29 2005	Go for Views and Location	Great views are available, but our view was of the grassy area by the London Eye. Our room was also a VERY long walk from elevator, perhaps the longest walk I've ever had in a hotel, and I've stayed in large hotels before. We found the long walk rather comic because we walk all the time for exercise.The buffet breakfast may have been the best one we've had in the UK: two kinds of sausage, two kinds of bacon, scrambled eggs or eggs to order, potatoes, mushrooms, tomato, good selection of cold meats, cheese, yogurt, fruit, and cereal. The breakfast area had great views of the Thames. All in all a great way to start the morningThe chocolate on the pillow was pretty tasty. We also scarf up the cookies and drink the tea or hot chocalte ever atfternoon so we appreciated find the room cleaned a second time every night.The only negative was the heating and cooling, no matter what you did with the thermostat you ended with very cool (we love that for sleeping) or very warm. Whenever we came back to the room it was usually too warm.Unless you are arriving by train at Waterloo, I suggest always using the Westminster tube stop as opposed to Waterloo. The Marriott entrance is just off the Westminster bridge and of course the walk along the bridge is much more pleasant than the walk to Waterloo. Do explore the area around hotel for relatively cheap food options. We got a kick out of &quot;Yo Sushi&quot; on the street behind. You sit at a bar and pick sushi off a conveyor belt. If you don't order booze, you can get away with a cheap (relatively), light healthy meal very quickly, rather cheaply and give your inner child a treat with the whole converyor belt business.The staff was always friendly, helpful, and efficient and there were lots of them. I was starting to get tired of being greeted by a minimum of 6 employees between the door and my room, but I suppose that's better than being scowled at.We forgot to bring swim suits and work out clothes so I can't report on the pool and spa. They had two heavy terry cloth robes in the room if you need them.	
Oct 10 2005	Fantastic stay at the County Hall	Three of us visited the County Hall for a total of five days. I have to say this was about the best hotel experience I have had in a long time. From the moment we checked in to the time we left the staff could not have been nicer or more accomadating. I highly recommend this hotel to any traveler wanting a fantastic view and an even better holiday. Thank you to everyone there for making our trip a really memorable one.	
Sep 24 2005 	Average Service Average Rooms	The Grovesnor Square is a pretty average hotel and, in my opinion, at the bottom of the heap for Marriotts in London. It has just undergone a lobby renovation and has a new restaurant that I have not tried (but book early because it is popular). But the real problem is that the facility is old. That means small, closed-in hallways and a hodge-podge of rooms some of which are very nice and some that are decidedly not! The staff here is not very attentive, the club floor is decidedly average, and the room service is mediocre. The other facilities at the hotel are, again, average. This is not a bad hotel, it's just, average.	
Sep 5 2005	Fabulous hotel!!	From the moment we arrived, I knew it was going to be an amazing hotel. We arrived totally exhausted at 9:30 am from an overnight flight. The staff couldn't have been more gracious and accomodating. We needed two rooms because we were travelling with our teenage sons. They quickly upgraded us to two rooms with gorgeous views of the Thames and Big Ben and we were in our rooms in minutes! I can't say enough about the hotel and its location. The staff in every area is helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to make your trip special. The location is AMAZING! We were in walking distance to so many of the many attractions, while having the Thames right out your door!The hotel is a great balance of London charm with American amenities. The reason I picked it in the first place was because it had a beautiful pool and workout facility and i knew after a day of sightseeing the kids would appreciate hanging out there. There is a fabulous little middle eastern restaurant right behind the hotel called Troia. It doesn't look like anything special because it is in a little strip of stores, but it is better than any mediterranean food i have eaten at home. Also, there is a hair salon called The Salon which is a block away that is just like being at home. It is convenient and less expensive than going over to the Bond Street area- particularly if all you want is a wash and blowout! The concierge happily makes the appointments.We travelled to Paris as well, and it was so convenient to take the Chunnel because the Waterloo station is a few blocks away from the hotel...Make sure to try the pancake stand right across the westminster bridge. I had heard of it from another tripadvisor review and it was definitely a treat!	
Aug 21 2005	Great hotel close to best attractions	THis hotel is great, especially if it is your first time to London, because it is close to both the underground and to a lot of major tourist sites. Big Ben and Parliament are just across the bridge, and the London Eye is literally in front of the hotel. We were hoping to find something a little less expensive, but in the end I felt the location justified the price. One slight drawback -- the hotel food is expensive, and there aren't too many moderate places to eat really close by. However, if you don't mind a bit of a walk, about five blocks, there are plenty of places just up the street from the Embankment underground stop. Close to the Eye there are some cafes that serve ice cream and sandwiches, as well as a McDonalds. The hotel staff are helpful and generally knowledgeable, and the rooms are very clean and well maintained. The picture shows the London Eye, and the County Hall Marriott is the building behind it.	
Aug 21 2005	Perfect Prelude	My husband and I stayed at this hotel en route to a European train holiday. As we booked through a package holiday brochure we were expecting a room at the rear and were very pleasantly surprised to find we had a large room overlooking the Thames. The corridors are long and winding - but we knew it had been a government building and we were expecting this.The room had everything we needed (and more besides), it was clean, well appointed and very comfortable. Food in the restaurant seemed a little pricey but this is London and the food was absolutely top notch.The staff were all extremely friendly, helpful and courteous.All in all well worth a visit our only disappointment being we did not get to meet &quot;Red Ken&quot;!	
Aug 20 2005	Superb staff great location	Unless you have an aversion to water, you would be mad not to book a room with a river view if you stay at this hotel: you have a perfect view of the Houses of Parliament across the river and will not get a better one. The building has been sensitively converted from its previous function as home of the Greater London Council. The public rooms have views across the river, and the library is worth a visit - perfectly preserved, quiet, and with the best views of all.The staff were excellent - friendly, welcoming, enthusiastic. Our room was a good size - larger than average for a London hotel. For tourists, you are in an ideal position for many of London's attractions. Highly recommended.	
Aug 18 2005	A fabulous way to see London!	My husband, my 21 year old daughter and 12 year old son stayed at County Hall for 10 nights for vacation. I would absolutely recommend it! Our room was large and had several &quot;American&quot; amenities, such as two sheets on the bed, (Brits use just a bottom sheet and a comforter), and a shower with serious water pressure. The pool is really beautiful, and the staff were very cordial and attentive. The room does not come with an alarm clock so bring one! This hotel is in a perfect location. When you walk out, you see, (and hear), Big Ben and the Houses of Pariament. It is right on the river Thames, so you can take the river boats to many destinations. The London Eye is also right next to it. Waterloo station is a short walk. Remember to pay attention to the painted signs on the ground to look right or left, when crossing the streets, because they drive on the opposite side you have to look the other way for traffic! The prices in London are not just expensive, but &quot;over the top&quot;. So be prepared for serious sticker shock. Keep your receipts if you want to get your VAT back and get the form at the airport. There is a Kiosk in Leichester square where you can get half priced theater tickets for that day. Well worth the wait! Look up Walks for a real treat! Explorer Days are worth every penny! Eat at least one meal at a pub and order a pint!	
Aug 6 2005	Absolutely loved the London Marriott County Hall	I stayed at the Marriott County Hall for about a week, and I thought the hotel was gorgeous, our room was spacious, and the service exceeded my expectations. I was staying at this hotel on July 7th, 2005 when the bombings took place. The hotel staff immediately put extra security measures in place, but they did not make me feel unsafe or uncomfortable. For about two days they checked our shopping bags and purses when we came in, but they were very nice and professional about the whole situation. The hotel is in such a great location. The tube stop Westminster was a few minutes walk across the bridge and you could see Big Ben and Houses of Parliament from the hotel. I would recommend the Marriott County Hall to anyone looking for a fabulous hotel in London!	
Aug 2 2005	Great Location	My wife and I took our 9-year old son to London this July and stayed in a river-view suite at the County Hall. We have been to London several times, and would certainly stay here again. The room was on the 5th-floor with a balcony that provided an excellent view over the Thames of Parliament, Whitehall, Embankment, and other sites. When the windows were closed there was no noise, and the air-conditioning worked fine. The room was very large with two bath areas, however, I was a little disappointed that some of the lower wallpaper was ripped (one day I encountered a workman in the hallway with wallpaper and he told me that he was patching rips, so they are taking care of things). The hotel decor is very &quot;British&quot; with lots of wood and brass. The Library overlooks the Thames also, and serves tea. Our son loved reading some of his new Harry Potter book in this area. The London Eye is right outside the hotel, as is a London tour bus stop. Our stay was during the time of the 2nd bombing scare, yet the staff was helpful and polite. We had one meal at the hotel. The food was very good, and our son enjoyed the kids' pizza. The hotel was expensive, especially considering the exchange rate, but worth the cost. Enjoy your trip!	
Jul 11 2005	Stellar location!!!	Fabulous location within easy walking distance to Waterloo station (Eurostar) and Westminster Abbey and Parliament. Gazing at Big Ben at midnight through our window was amazing! Spacious room, immaculate with great service. Staff graciously stored a friend's luggage while he visited us. Small complaints: long, long walk to our room from the elevator; County Hall building is very big, and the distance seemed never-ending after a day of sightseeing. And, as other reviewers have noted, some of the hallway carpeting is musty, which was odd &amp; annoying considering the hotel rating.	
Jul 5 2005	Wonderful location large room	This hotel is in a great location. We returned from a week vacation in London. The Marriott room that we had was very large with a king bed. My in-laws were next door to us and had a much smaller room. how we lucked out I'm not sure! Room was cleaned every day and had turn down service at night. Desk staff was helpful in answering questions regarding our vacation. The central location of this hotel was great! Westminster tube station was a short walk across the bridge. Bus tour stop was right outside the hotel.	
Jun 30 2005	Great location....lacking in 'Marriott' Quality	This was a very interesting hotel - not like other Marriotts we have stayed in for 5 nights. It is VERY LARGE and is built in the old County Hall - which is to say that after you get in the building you have to WALK to your room....a long ways if you are unlucky as we were. The views are beautiful as you overlook the river Thames and the London Eye and Big Ben. The best thing about this hotel is the location (and the internet acess in the room - which helped my husband stay connected to work). I was a little disappointed with the upkeep of the carpeting....it just felt old....like it needed to be redone. We got a crib for our 10 month old and it was just a port a crib and dirty! It had stains on the sides and was very gross. Rooms were on the larger side for europe but again...just overall a dissapointment. The best thing this hotel has going for them is location.	
Jun 21 2005 	Unforgetable no... unforgivable lips service	What a shame, London. I am a Elite member of Marriott for years... not once have I experienced something as bad as this anywhere Marriott worldwide.The finger pointing, to start with, between the front desk staff and the housekeeping manager when someone from the hotel trashed my dental retainer (yes, I gave specific instructions NOT TO CLEAN my bathroom over the phone to the front desk staff). Yet on return to my room in the evening, my dental retainer was gone! Please understand this is a non-replaceable item on my two-week trip in UK.The rudeness of the housekeeping manager does not have anything to do with the &quot;Marriott Way&quot;. The housekeeping manager came to my room to witness what her staff did. Yes, someone CLEANED the bathroom and TRASHED my dental retainer. Out of frustration, she yelled at her hotel guest saying &quot;What do you want me to do? I apologized already&quot;Stephanie, the manager on duty with whom I spoke with multiple times, at least showed sympathy on the situation and promised to get back with me.Alas, Stephanie, your Senior Guest Relations Manager, Miss Teddi did not agree. Teddi Medley wrote back and said, &quot;...but unfortunately thehotel is not liable for your missing retainer. We thank you for your valued patronage though.&quot;I learned to lock up my dental retainer in the safe the next time I go to a Marriott, when and IF I ever go back to London Marriott Hotel County Hall!	
Jun 20 2005	Wonderful location	The location of this hotel is quite convenient and we could see Big Ben from our window. The staff is exceedingly helpful and friendly, the rooms are beautiful with very comfortable beds, and the public areas are charming with gorgeous wooden details. We felt quite at home at this hotel.	
Jun 15 2005	Perfect in every way	Everything about this hotel is superb.The location is fantastic. It's 2 blocks from the Waterloo station, extremely close to 2 subway lines, so traveling was quick whether going to the Tower or to Covent Gardens. The view was fantastic! I would definitely upgrade to a deluxe room. It's one of the only hotels that offers 2 double beds! We had a sitting area and even a little make-up area with a hair dryer built into a drawer where you could store all your make-up.We ordered room service one night and they rolled dinner in on a table with a tablecloth and flowers on it.My son forgot his toothbrush, no problem. They brought one up for me within 2 minutes compete with a little bitty tube of toothpaste.They had in-room coffee with packaged cookies for free which the kids loved. The rooms were clean, the showers were large and clean, the bathrooms were big. There were outlets for American plugs built right into the wall, and there were 2 of them. We could open our windows to bring in fresh air. There were 2 sets of windows, the original windows and the storm windows. So at night, when Big Ben rang every 15 minutes, it didn't wake you up. They stored our luggage for 2 days after we checked out so we could take the Eurostar to France without dragging all of our suitcases. That was done for no extra charge. Eurostar is a 5 minute walk from the hotel.Executive lounge: We had access to the executive room for a small price compared to what we were offered. Access to water, cokes, coffee, cap, latte, fruit, from 6:00am - midnight. Plus, we had free breakfast. And they also put out snacks at night like cheese and crackers. I would look into upgrading, it will save a lot of money if you bring teens! The staff was friendly. Gin at the executive lounge couldn't be nicer. We met many great people too.I can't say enough about this great hotel! I would recommend it for anyone, especially if you're traveling with 4 people.	
Jun 7 2005	Great location	Stayed here for 3 nights. Managed to beat the check in queues, but other reviewers are correct that waiting time can be excessive.Great room overlooking the London eye, simply furnished as Travellinns are, but functional.Food good and reasonably priced. Dont miss the breakfast as its good value, and kids eat free!Superb location for all central London, we walked everywhere.However, the lifts are something else. Of three, only one was working, meaning long waits. The stairs are for emergency use only it seemed. We got stuck in the lift briefly, but could feel the panic rising!!The staff were generally friendly, but they tend to be from overseas, and seemed to lack cohesion.In summary, would stay again. Best choice for a stay in central London, but ask for a ground floor room to avoid the lifts!!	
May 21 2005	Overlook the Thames River!	This hotel had a great view of the Thames River. We left our window open and Big Ben 'chimed' us to sleep each night. A great location. There was a Big Bus tour stop just outside the hotel, a great way to be introduced to London. Also, close by was the famous London Eye and of course, the Thames River. Centrally located to a lot of things. The hotel staff was helpful for the most part. We did get some good recommendations on restaurants and things to do while in London. We stayed here with Marriott Rewards points and had a delightful continental breakfast each morning along with afternoon snacks and late evening treats. Would we stay there again? Absolutely!	
May 20 2005	"Fantastic" Best london hotel	When we arrived the doorman greeted us with a smile and took our luggage off of us straight away, we went to the reception where the receptionist was very polite and very helpful and once she checked us in she took us to our roon. Wow the room i booked was a special offer junior suite with a big ben view, we could'nt believe how big the room was. Two queen beds in it and a great balcony which we sat out on with our complimentary bottle of champagne. The breakfast was lovely we had a hot buffet breakfast which was included with room. Includes sausages, bacon, black puuding, toast,tea, etc. This 2 night stay was a special treat for us and if we could afford to do it again we definatley would. Also theres a great chinese restruant underneath the marriott by the london aquarium which we've been to twice and definatley recommend.	
May 1 2005	best hotel ever.	My family and I have stayed in many hotels but this was the best ever! Wonderful rooms with lots of space, fabulous views and very comfortable.The food was superb and the location couldn't be better-just be aware of the congestion charge which caught us out on Westminster Bridge. However the best part of this stay was the attitude of the staff. Without exception they were pleasant, helpful and went out of their way to do things. This was also one 5* hotel where we felt very comfortable with our 4year old son and he was made to feel very welcome. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone-we can't wait to go back.	
Apr 26 2005	Holiday in London	Very nice rooms, nice views, housekeeping staff exceptional, helpful and courteous staff, hallways are extremely long and mazelinke, ask for a room close to the elevator. Found it particularly helpful to have converters available in room. Convenient to bus and tube station making this a convenient location. Executive Lounge was nice, food tasty and staff exceptional!	
Apr 26 2005	An excellent hotel	We have stayed in numerous so-called 5* London hotels and the Marriott County Hall, whilst most certainly not the most expensive, is by far the best. We stayed in a Big Ben Suite overlooking the river. It was a fine, large &amp; confortable room, twice the size of rooms in the Westbury, Athenium or the Savoy, albeit in need of a bit of tlc.The food was delicious and the service was the most professional, attentive and friendly service we've received in London for quite a while.The only critisism was that the table-dhote menu was restricted and unbelievably remained unchanged for 3 days.Overall, though, well worth a visit.	
Apr 13 2005	Unbeatable location Impressive concierge but rooms need better maintenance	Great location -- Right at the London Eye, by River Thames - unless you get a river view room! 5=min walk acroxx the bridge to Big Ben, Parliament and Westminister subway station. Waterloo Stn is a block from the hotel, good location for those who disembarked from Eurostar. The Side street (Belverdere)turn left of hotel are full of restaurants of different cuisine &amp; a good internet cafe.Room is spacious with two double bed. Good for family. Bathroom mirror frame need revarnished. The show tap handle was missing (this had been mentioned in other reviews). Great breakfast incl. in room package. or else costs 20British pounds. Overall staff are friendly and courteous. Concierge are knowledgeable, very helpful and humourous. Impressive. Our first room facing a wall &amp; a service ladder, cannot categorized as courtyard view, very intimidating. We were unforunate check-in during a power black-out of a wide areain south bank. Arrangement was smooth.  After a long windy day of hanging around ,power resumed after 8pm at nite. telephone was still out. Bags not up in the room. Then we were caught in surprise with no hot water for shower.  Guest relations staff was courteous and polite. Came back and forth tried to resolve the problems. we were offered to take shower in another room - (no-way, it's not a hostel, it's a 4-star marriott) we were offered to move to another marriott at midnite. No, we love the location. we put up with the problem and stayed. Fire alarm went off at 3:15am but with no alert that i'ts not emergency.Happy ending -- The next day we were moved to a room with a river and Parliament view for the rest of our stay.That's Marriott's principle and service.The hotel management should have better skills in crisis management such as after the black-out. Guests should be alert of any possible aftermaths while guests are staying on.Despite of the mishaps, we will return if we are in London again.	
Apr 11 2005	Great Easter break	Stayed here for 3 days over the easter holidays with my wife and 6 year old son. I stay in London on business and genrally fing the hotles poor; I didn't have high expectations, but was very pleasantly suprised.Yes, we had a room at the opposite end of the building from the lifts and reception and had to walk miles to it, but had a great side-on view of the Thames and London Eye. The hotel was very clean, the standard bedroom a decent size - we had a rollway bed and didn't trip up over it! Breakfast was excellent and the swimming pool large. Staff were very friendly and all obviously trained to say hello or good morning. The Thames embankment outside the hotel was packed withn tourists every day, but in the road at the back are restaurants, coffee shops and an excellent small newsagents cum supermarket.	
Apr 7 2005 	Simply marvellous	I decided to spend 4 nights in London with a couple of friends during the mid-October period, so I booked a waterfront studio at the Marriott County Hall. The property, once home to London's government, features one of the best view in London, from my room's balcony I could admire Westminster Bridge, the Big Ben the Houses of Parliament and the London Eye panoramic wheel. The hotel is convenient to the underground station which is just across Westminster Bridge (5 minutes walk). Staying with 2 other guys in the same room we all found it spacious and comfortable and the second restroom was a blessing while the main one was clean and fresh with both a bathroom and a separate shower.The hotel is huge so you’d better ask for a room not too far from the elevators if you don’t wanna waste your time strolling around the corridors to get to your room. Because our room was located on the concierge floor, same floor of the swimming pool, the corridor smelled a lot of swimming pool water and disinfectant though the room air was properly conditioned and smell free. The club lounge definitely isn’t very spacious, the food is average and the staff isn’t very professional but they’re friendly and polite. During my stay the lounge was rarely overcrowded and it was nice to have breakfast or pop there for some appetizers and a quick drink.Checking out wasn’t smooth as I hoped because they tried to charge me an additional night that we never slept, once I produced my reservation paper (printed from Marriott’s website) they apologized and everything went flawlessly. My conclusions are the location can’t be beaten; the hotel isn’t cheap so that you expect something more from the staff and/or the property.	
Apr 4 2005	what bargain price normal prices crazy	took a polish friend there to show her london for 4 nights only problems was a torn wing chair spots on toilet wall loose toilet seat knob missing off the shower handle furniture scratched,breakfast okay,could,nt use the pool/sauna as no trunks,pity .room was kilometre from reception,so if you get the hotel £488 for four nights book it[for 2 people]grab it have nice time	
Mar 31 2005	Fantastic!	Spent a week at the Marriott County Hall in March and truly cannot say enough about this hotel. I have stayed at many five-star hotels, and have never received such incredible service as I did from the staff at County Hall. The staff is exceptional and go above and beyond any traditional hotel experience. The decor is quite lovely, and the location is hard to beat. I would highly recommend requesting a river view. Our room was facing the Thames with scenic views of Big Ben, Parliament and the London skyline. The Westminster tube stop is just a short walk across Westminster bridge. Taxi service is prompt and coordinated by the wonderful bell staff and bus service is right out front. The building itself is quite historic and architecturally beautiful in its own right. The restaurant and bar staff were extremely friendly and the food was good. Almost didn't write this review in the hopes of keeping this wonderful hotel a secret!	
Mar 21 2005 	Luxury hotel with excellent service	Very grand and opulant hotel with lots of wood panelling and character. Ask for a River view room as the views are spectacular. We booked a non smoking room but were upgraded to a balcony mini suite which was super despite being a smoking room - it didn't matter because there was no smell of smoke. You can get lost in the hotel the corridors are long. Fabulous health and leisure facilities and the pool is amazing, rare for a London hotel.Breakfast is good and the service attentive - good location if you want to be South of the River but central. The room had a huge bed and seating area although with one narrow French door onto the balcony, was a little dark. The view from the balcony though was super - straight onto the Thames and the London eye.	
Mar 6 2005	Great for a short London break	Cannot really fault this hotel - even though some of the past reviews are a bit mixed. We stayed for two nights in Feb half term. Had a lovely, quite spacious room overlooking the river; clean and comfortable beds and linen. We were on the sixth floor and close to the great pool (large by city hotel standards). Corridors were rather long (as others have noted) but the exercise is good for you! The hotel staff were all most efficient, friendly and courteous. Had a light lunch there in a lounge overlooking the Eye and it was delicious; so were the breakfasts , although the first morning they seemed a little unprepared for so many guests descending for breakfast all at the same time....but it was a Sunday! This hotel is in a very interesting building (look at the back/white pics near the elevators for the history)and has a marvellous location, next to the Eye and convenient for Concert hall and shopping is just across the bridge. This was our first Marriott stay and I have no hestitation in recommending it. We booked with Marriott online for best deals.	
Mar 5 2005 	Great Location But Expensive	My stay at this hotel was short (one night with a late check-in and early departure) but from what I saw I was impressed and I will certainly choose this hotel again.Firstly the location is terrific. I can't think of a better location to stay in London than by the River Thamas. You are right next to the London Eye, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. The building itself is also very historic and architecturally interesting.When I checked in, the receptionist escorted to me to my room and showed me the facilities in the room - which were fairly standard for hotels of this type.The decor of the room itself was very traditional and may not be to your taste. Perhaps it's time for the hotel to consider redecorating in a slightly more modern style that respects the history and features of the building. I ordered room service breakfast, and in addition to the usual choice of Full English and Continental breakfast there was a heathly cooked breakfast option (egg white omlette). There were also a la carte options for breakfast which you usually don't get in London. The only negative point is that this hotel is expensive so I would try and get a discounted rate before booking.	
Feb 21 2005	Excellant location	Just stayed 3 nights there over the february half-term. Typical high quality marriott hotel, with a fantastic location - just over the bridge from parliament, big ben, westminster abbey and a short walk from the imperial war museum (free and well worth a visit). I was luckily enough to have a river view, although the room itself was beginning to look a bit tired - peeling wallpaper and the beds weren't as confortable as i expected.The county hall is a fascinating building, right next to the London Eye, with original features - all together a very pleasant atmosphere. Staff were very polite and helpful but beware of expensive food and drink prices.I would stay in this hotel again without a doubt - overhall a high quality hotel, but a bit on the expensive side.	
Feb 9 2005	Excellent position	Stayed for 2 nights over a weekend. Staff very welcoming and friendly, had a large room overlooking the Thames. Very comfortable, clean and well equipped. Excellent position for many tourist attractions, including London Eye, Buckingham Palace, Westminster Abbey, Horseguards Parade, etc, etc. Restaurant very comfortable with river view, breakfast excellent with good choice of hot &amp; cold, dinner good but very limited table d'hote menu, in fact only 2 choices and the same each day. Our price included table d'hote but because of poor choice we chose from the a'la carte and paid the difference, however the food is very well prepared whichever menu you choose from. Bar menu quite good but quite expensive, Rotunda bar comfortable. Would have no hesitation staying there again. 	
Jan 30 2005	Give this one a miss!	The room itself was fine...the 3 kilometre walk to it, was not okay.The downright rude nature of the desk staff was unforgivable.NEVER AGAIN.JR Marriott will be hearing from me!	
Jan 28 2005	Average Marriott but Can't Beat the Location!	My husband and I have just returned from a 9-day stay at the County Hall Marriott, using points. It's a very nice hotel, the old County Hall building is lovely, and our room was enormous. The staff was very accomodating and helpful - the concierges and desk staff were great. Having said all that, you have to realize that Marriotts are some of the best hotels around and I would place this one solidly in the middle of the pack. The location is excellent! Walking distance to just about everything - Parliament, Big Ben, Westminster Abbey, the Tube. A 10-minute walk to Trafalgar Square, National Gallery, Royal Festival Hall. There are a number of restaurants on Belvedere Rd, near the hotel, and a number of pubs across the river and up Whitehall toward Trafalgar. We especially liked the Archduke (across from the Royal Festival Hall) and The Clarence (on Whitehall just off Trafalgar Square).Be forewarned, prices in the restaurants are outrageous! Sunday morning hot and cold breakfast buffet was 29.95 per person - and that's Pounds, not Dollars! We're talking nearly $60 per person!!! If you must eat there (and we did have to one day), order from the a la carte menu - we had delicious Eggs Benedict for 8.50 Pounds. A better breakfast option is the little bagel place on Belvedere Rd. We had room service for dinner one night and it was about what you'd expect for hotel room service in both quality and price. The exchange rate is a killer right now, but those breakfast prices are totally out of line!Overall, we were very happy with our stay - we had no real problems, our room was nice and the service outstanding. However, if you ask me whether I would stay there if I had to pay the $450/night out of my own pocket, the answer would be 'No'. It's a nice place but, to me, it just isn't worth that kind of price.	
Jan 18 2005	Generally excellent shame about the leisure facilities	My wife and I stayed here 2 nights 14 &amp; 15 January 2005.Firstly, the good points.Location is excellent - just by Westminster Bridge, facing Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament, close to the London Eye, and a few minutes walk from 2 tube stations in opposite directions on different underground lines.The building is fascinating - it used to be the headquarters of the Greater London Council, and is far more interesting than the average hotel. The wood panelling and original features are very impressive.The service at reception and meals is uniformly polite, friendly and efficient.The rooms are large and well-equipped.Now the bad points.It is very expensive - try to get a deal that includes breakfast unless you want to pay nearly £20 each for a fairly average meal.The views - if you want to get a river view (at a supplement) you will probably have to book a few months in advance. We had a wonderful view of some walls and a dingy courtyard.Maintenance of at least the room we were in was not up to scratch for the prices charged. The TV remote control was falling apart and the bathroom washbasin plug didn't work properly.But where the hotel really lets itself down was the leisure facilities. The pool is large and boring, the decor uninspired, with no sauna or jacuzzis (you have to pay extra for these, in the spa), and not even a toilet or shower in the changing rooms. The Reception desk for the pool is on the floor below!The spa put up prices by nearly 20% last month - they now want £70 for a one-hour aromatherapy massage which (according to my wife) was pretty basic with no real extras. When I queried the price they charged, which was £10 higher than the price I was quoted on booking a month ago, I got nowhere.So, all in all, a shame about the leisure facilities but otherwise a very good if expensive hotel.	
Jan 12 2005	Unbeatable location!	My friend and I stayed for one night over Thanksgiving weekend (Nov 2004). This was our first trip to London. The location is absolutely unbeatable with a tube stop and several tourist destinations in such close proximity. The hotel staff was so hospitable and generous. The decor in the rooms was &quot;old english country&quot;, if you will, which some people might enjoy - if your tastes are much more modern then the room environment might not be for you. The tea service in the room was excellent. The only annoying thing was walking across Westminster Bridge because it can tend to be crowded with tourists taking pictures of Big Ben, County Hall and the London Eye. With that said, I highly recommend London Marriott County Hall.	
Jan 10 2005	Imagine this view for 12 consecutive days....	Actual hotel stay was fine - I was in London on business. Due to late booking, I suppose, I was relegated to a room on the second floor that had a excellent view of the backside of an ornamental statue. I requested a room change on the day suggested by the receptionist but no room was available. If only I could post a picture for you to see... My recommendation: make sure you request a river view or confirm that the view on the &quot;jubilee gardens&quot; is unobstructed.	
Dec 9 2004	Unbeatable Hotel	This is the best hotel we have stayed in the UK. Obviously the location is second to none with views of river Big Ben and London Eye.The staff are extremely welcoming and friendly and genuinely seem pleased to greet you and ensure your stay is as pleasant as possible.Hotel is very well maintained, rooms large and facilities spotless.Super pool, large and quiet when we were there.Difficult to say which is better the quality of staff or location; whichever I would not think of booking an alternative when in London	
Nov 16 2004	Great Location Great Service and all in an historic London Landmark.	I have written a number of reports for tripadvisor and most in anger! This one however is going to be pleasant. Whether you're a tourist staying for a longer time or a native visiting our keepers capital this is a great hotel. Its good for views at night time and daytime, good for all of London's attractions, most of which can be walked to. It has car parking (£25, or £35 for valet, per day that is) but is inside the congestion charging zone charged at £5 per day. Though most of the staff are not English (Something i despise and resent is hotel staff not being of the country our valued visitors have come to see) they are polite well informed and provide a good standard of service. Always ask for river view rooms as the alternative is pointless and you may as well be in the travel inn at the rear of county hall. The hotel has good indoor swimming pool, solarium, sauna and gym all for the guests use, the Library bar is perfect for tea or drinks in the afternoon as you are surrounded by book cases which divide the tables into individual areas most with views to Big Ben and Westminster Bridge and all set in a 'Great Hall' style room, you can almost imagine 'Winston' himself sitting there in the thirties, splendid. Rooms are in most cases a long way from the lifts as this is a very long building with most rooms on one side. The sights and sounds from the river view rooms are great, river boats the throng of people walking up and down outside and Big Ben chiming on the hour which is clearly visible from nearly all river view rooms. The rooms are big by London standards and the bathrooms are large with modern amenities but some appear a little tired (Not as tired as most recently upgraded Hilton bathrooms though!!). In summary we had a great stay at a great hotel with great views and great service and a great room all for a great price (Bloody great price that is but it keeps out the riff raff!!), short of staying in a room actually inside the houses of parliment you will not get better.	
Oct 10 2004	Thumbs up for London county hall marriott	My husband and I spent 6 amazing nights at the London County Hall Marriott. We used marriott points to pay for the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised that we were upgraded to a river view without asking and Yes, we did have concierge access! The concierge suite was adequate. We did get our bottled water, soda, continental breakfasts and appetizers(if we were in the hotel) daily. At london prices and with the exchange rate, that saved us a nice amount of money.Our view from our hotel room was obstructed by the ugly London eye, which kind of made us laugh, however the River Thames, Big Ben and Parliament were right there too! I can't tell you how convenient the hotel is to all the historical attractions. My suggestion is to use the tube. There are two convenient stops just a few blocks from the hotel(Waterloo station and Westminster station). The Waterloo station is also the same station that you will use if you choose to travel by eurostar to Paris, which we did. It is so easy to use, fun, quick, clean and much cheaper than taxi's.The pancake stand on the other side of the river was a big hit with my husband too. Thanks to all who recommended them. Also, if you are addicted to Starbucks, you will love this city. There is a Starbucks every 2 or 3 blocks all over the city.If you are planning to use your Marriott points, I definitely recommend this hotel. They treat you well, the rooms are very nice for London standards and the location is the best! Oh yeah, and the bed is so very very comfortable! Some of the other Marriott's are a little scary looking from the outside.Favorite historicals sites: St. Paul's Cathedral. Dont miss it and make sure you walk to the top. Also the Tower of London is fascinating. We saw 3 plays while we were there. My personal favorite was &quot;Jerry Springer the Opera.&quot; Unbelievably funny and so clever. David Soul(from starsky and hutch fame) played Jerry Springer. Hilarious! Have a wonderful time in London! We can't wait to go back, and would stay at County Hall again.	
Sep 13 2004	for the price...just ok	Stayed Sept 6 - Sept 11 2004. Second stay. Hotel is very nice and clean, as expected from Marriott. Rooms are average sized and clean -- the location is the $$ of this property - right across Westminster Bridge from Parliment Square and next to the London Eye. High speed internet STSN in every room. Room service good. Lap pool and work-out room available. Good to great staff service.I guess I am rating this *** due to its average rooms for the price (everything is $300+) -- some have views of Big Ben, others nothing. Lobby and restaurants all wood -- very classic and well maintained.You'll enjoy your stay here, you'll just pay a lot for it. There is nothing unexpected here.	
Sep 11 2004	A View to Die For!	Myself and two friends stayed here on 4th/5th September as we were celebrating two BIG birthdays! I had booked the room online with Marriott Hotels in April originally and it was secured against a credit card. I had asked for a high room with River Thames views which proved to be awesome! The view at night was absolutely spectacular! We were given a sixth floor room with a balcony. We actually spent quite some time sitting on the balcony waving to the people in the PODS of the London Eye!The location is just brilliant! Room was large with two double beds and sitting area. Breakfast was excellent - just what you'd expect from a 5* hotel.The only problem I encountered was I had booked a non-smoking room. On check in, I was told the room was actually a smoking one but the housekeeper had spent a long time removing all traces of smoke for us. On entering the room, we could unfortunately smell smoke and this was the only thing I can complain about!The staff were helpful and always pleasant. We felt they were only there to help us and whatever you asked, it was done very quickly!Thoroughly recommendable and just pure goregous.A LITTLE TIP: If you book direct through Marriott website [and they guarantee you won't find it cheaper on the web], keep an eye on the price. I originally booked the room at over £220 but by July, it had been reduced to £183. I was able to cancel my original booking at the higher price and re-book it at the lower price.	
Sep 9 2004	Lovely Marriott County Hall	I stayed four nights at the Marriott County Hall from 09/02/04 through Labor Day. The location can't be beat - just across the Thames from all of central London's attractions. I never used the Tube or a taxi - I walked as far as Kensington Gardens. The staff was supremely professional at all times, courteous, always offering a cheerful hello. My room had a lovely side view of the Thames &amp; the London Wheel as well as the Jubilee Gardens though I had booked through Priceline. The room itself was tastefully decorated and quite comfortable, &amp; the bath was nice, too. There was complimentary coffee, hot chocolate, tea &amp; cookies. Nightly turn-down service was a nice extra. Yes, my room was a good hike from the elevator but I did not care. The only small quible I have is that as a hotel guest you are not entitled to use the spa facilities - whirlpool, sauna, etc. - without paying extra. Outside calls are VERY expensive - be careful and ask! Otherwise, I was happy at County Hall &amp; would stay there again.	
Jul 19 2004	In the middle of everything!	This was the first stop on a 2 week trip in Europe and the location can't be beat for first timers. We could see Big Ben out the window (we spent 25 GBP to upgrade to a river view) and the London Eye was right there too! Being right on the Thames is great (although you can't get a nonsmoking room with a balcony). The tour buses stop right in front of the hotel and the river cruises leave from right near the hotel! The pancake stand by the river is great! A nice, classy hotel in a great location!	
Jul 13 2004	Great Location - Big Rooms	Really liked the hotel - the rooms were huge. Stayed there on Marriott points, so it cost an extra 40 pounds / night to upgrade to a river view with access to the exec lounge (free evening cocktails and breakfast). Decided that it wasn't really worth the extra money, so I downgraded to a regular room. It was further from the elevator (FYI - there's only one set of elevators, so if you're in room 401, you're at the far end), but it was just as nice if not nicer, and still had a good view. The staff was very nice all around. Great location as well. Found it easier to take the tube to Westminster than to Waterloo station. Seemed to me that it was a faster walk to the hotel from Westminster. FYI - Starbucks is located on the street behind the hotel, as is an Internet cafe (1 pound / 30 minutes).	
Jun 30 2004	Marriott County Hall -Lovely Hotel	We stayed at the Marriott County Hall, London last month. The welcome at Reception was personal and terrific. We choose a riverview room which was on an upper floor - very luxurious but the view was blocked by the London Eye and on complaining we were immediately moved to a fabulous room with great views of Big Ben and Westminster Bridge. Service and enthusiasm of all the staff in this hotel was exemplary the whole week-end. Swimming pool is great as were the breakfasts which are served in a very stylish curved room overlooking the Thames. Not cheap to stay here but worth every penny.TW	
Jun 28 2004	Big Ben from my window	Had a wonderful time in London.Stayed at the Marriott County Hall. Very nice room, good view, Lovely Continental breakfast. Had a bit of a problem in the room AC, but managed, in spite of the heat coming on occasionally.Also took a day trip to Paris - via the Chunnel and a day trip to Bath.Packed a lot of fun and sight-seeing in ten days. Eating at street stalls is not recommended, but I really enjoyed the pancakes just across the bridge from the hotel.Thanks for your info.Vera Dale	
May 31 2004	Convenience on the Thames	Our trip began in London, where we had booked a 'Visit England' 3-nite special at the London County Hall Marriott. We were right next to the London Eye, near several Tube stations, and most of all near the Waterloo Rail station, for the continuation of our vacation. The convenience of this location, County Hall, cannot be overstated. There is also a Travel Inn in the County Hall complex. Travel Inns are for couples, or those with small children. For three adults, the Travel Inn will not allow three per one room. I would try to go with the Marriott, for spacious rooms.	
May 29 2004	REALLY NICE HOTEL!!!	We loved this hotel. When we first arrived at the Westminster tube station the first thing we saw was Big Ben, then the Westminster bridge, the London Eye, and of course the County Hall. This made it not only awesome but also very easy to find the hotel. The room was super nice with extremely comfortable beds, wonderful tea set up, nice comfy robes, and a huge bathtub. The full English breakfast was included in our room rate and it was beyond compare. We looked forward to it each day. The service was incredible and very friendly. We were able to catch the &quot;Big Bus&quot; ( a hop on hop off tour bus) right in front of the hotel. The staff is top notch and ready to help with any concern. I'd love to be able to return and just enjoy the hotel.	
May 3 2004	Great Experience	Four Southern ladies ventured to London, England and stayed at the County Hall Marriott. It was wonderful! The staff were extremely helpful, the location could not be better, and the food was delicious, especially their breakfast. It is on the Thames River next to the London Eye. A bus stop is right around the corner and you walk across the bridge to a Tube stop. We had a view of Big Ben and Parliament. When I return to London, I will be staying there again.	
Apr 21 2004	Great Location Great View	We stayed here for 6 nights in November. Our room had both a coffee pot and a tea pot (with a great assortment of tea). I loved the separate make-up table with a lighted mirror. Our room overlooked Westminster Bridge, Westmister Abby and Parliment. There was an antique auto rally during our stay and we had a teriffic view of the cars from our window.	
Apr 10 2004	Fantastic Location Maintained Well 	Our 3-30-04 5 night family vacation was a big hit with everyone because of the Marriott County Hall and the great tips that I received from previous reviews on Trip Advisor. As suggested - I asked about upgrades upon our early check-in and within minutes (and a slight increase in the room rate) we had a river view balcony (small) suite with an incredible view of Parliament and the London Eye! The staff was very accommodating. The proximity to the bus and tube stops was very short walk. Only a few concerns - The pool hours for kids were slightly inconvenient. The food at the main restaurant was only ok, but expensive - even for London. The arcade attached to the hotel was another great diversion for the kids, after a full day of history seeking. The concierge staff was outstanding. Great suggestions on how to get discounted theater tickets even though this method earned them no fees!	
Apr 5 2004	Perfect Location!!!	My husband and I spent 4 wonderful nights at this hotel in early March. We found a fantastic deal on the Marriott website that allowed us to get 4 nights for the price of 3, so we took advantage! This place is AWESOME! We had a view of the Thames River and the London Eye right outside our room, and all of the top London sites are within easy walking distance of the hotel. This is going to sound silly, but one of the best things we found on our trip was the pancake cart directly across the Westminster Bridge (toward Big Ben). If you go to London, you have got to try a pancake! We had one every day for our snack...YUM! We thoroughly enjoyed our first visit to London and we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else!	
Mar 23 2004 	Great central location	Beautiful hotel! Great location. The hotel is located right next to the London Eye along the Thames, and just across the bridge is Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Parliament, and the nearest underground station (maybe an 8 minute walk). The rooms in this hotel are very spacious, clean and well appointed. Only complaint is that there is only one set of elevators on one side of the building - if you're room is on the opposite end, it's a good 7 minute walk from the elevator to your room. Ask for rooms closer to the elevator. The only good part about the rooms location is it overlooked the river and the London Eye.	
Feb 25 2004	Week at Marriott County Hall Hotel	Last September we stayed at Marriott's County Hall hotel in London, England for one week. The hotel and its staff were great -- always offering tips on places to see, places to eat and offering great directions. The hotel was centrally located --London Eye (the big ferris wheel) was outside our window and Big Ben was just across the bridge. We were able to walk to almost everything thanks to all the bridges crossing the Thames river. London is very easy to get around. Its very much like New York City. The exchange rate was terrible but the prices of food and sightseeing was much less then we anticipated. The London pubs were wonderful; a good place to meet and speak with the locals and get some fine, inexpensive food.	
Feb 10 2004	loved that view	i stayed at the marriot county hall three years ago and was very happy. we had picked it for the view which was sensational. i sat on my balcony and watched the river all night. the room was large and furnished with everything a person could need. would definately recommend. very expensive however.	
Jan 4 2004	Nice but just above average	Stayed for five nights during the (in)famous August heatwave, 2003. The hotel is very nice and is a nice renovation of the former London city hall. It's also very &quot;business-oriented&quot; so the prices in the restaurant, minibar, etc. reflect this. In fact, our mediocre breakfast at the hotel was also our most expensive meal in the U.K.! The room was plain but nice. No complaints but no &quot;wow&quot; either.	
Dec 29 2003	Sufficient for our purposes	We stayed here during the Thanksgiving Holidays with our 2 children ages 10/12. We stayed on the club level. I would highly recommend to anyone. They offer a breakfast buffet, snacks, fruits, sodas &amp; water throughout the day and a nightly reception. We took full advantage of this ammenity! McDonalds is within walking distance and our children took full advantage of that! The room was fairly large with a view of the Thames and Big Ben. The furniture was a bit outdated, but served its purpose. Children also took advantage of the pool hours for kids. Great location. We were able to get to most sights from this hotel. I woudl agree that it is not a 7 star hotel by US standards. We found staff members to be most helpful.	
Dec 2 2003	Good Location Still A Disappointment 11/03	I booked this hotel for a family vacation, using Marriott Reward points - 95,000, to be exact, for 4 nights. Frankly, I expected better. Yes, the hotel is in an awesome location when it comes to proximity to Waterloo train station and a convenient tube stop at Westminster. It's also situated well for a view of Big Ben, the London Eye, and Houses of Parliament. If location issues are top, this is a good choice. If however, the idea of a 7-star hotel (as it's listed within Marriott's system) is your top priority and you're looking for even a little luxury, go elsewhere. The rooms and amenities are no better than your average American Courtyard. I booked the room online, months in advance, with clear indication that there would be 4 guests. When we arrived at the hotel, they only had rooms with 1 queen size bed. Despite repeated discussions with management, we spent the night on VERY uncomfortable roll-away beds. The other three nights, they were able to move us to a room that was quite large by European standards and had two beds, but had no view. We agreed to sacrifice view for appropriate sleeping arrangements. As for the amenities, the beds (when we had them) were uncomfortable, the bathroom was basic at best with a tub/shower combo, the 125v plugs never worked despite repeated requests (bring a plug converter at least, and a separate mirror too since there are no plugs in the bathroom), and the pool situation was a joke - as a previous reviewer mentioned, you have to go to one floor to get the code, another floor to enter the code, and the code changes every day! All in all, this hotel served its purpose, but I was disappointed that I cashed in almost all of my points for a mediocre experience. The business class seats on the plane home provided more luxury.	
Nov 27 2003	We loved the view!	We stayed at the Marriott County Hall in November 2002. I chose it because we were traveling with our three-year-old and nine-month-old, and it was one of the few hotels in London with a pool. Also, having stayed in several other parts of the city, having a river view appealed to me.The view is amazing. Our room looked directly over the river to Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament. A river view was a 25 GBP ($37.50) upgrade, and well worth it.The rooms are standard &quot;American&quot; hotel rooms, which are quite large by London standards. Our room had 2 queen-sized beds (rare for the UK - they usually have doubles). We had plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 children, however, I would not recommend it for 3 or 4 adults. It was nicely equipped with amenities such as a hairdryer, American voltage plugs, bathrobes and free coffee and tea, although it was missing some of the little uniquely British touches you'll find in similar London hotels, such as a heated towel rack and full breakfast included in the rate.The Marriott County Hall is a very expensive place, even when you don't consider the room rates. Phone calls were 99 pence ($1.50) per minute inside the UK, 2.99 ($4.50) a minute for the US and if you called a UK mobile. Internet access was 8 GBP ($12) for an hour. They also (strangely, I thought) had a price list of all the &quot;souvenir&quot; items in the room, such as towels (30 GBP/$45), potpourri basket (15 GBP/$22.50) and the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign (10 GBP/$15).Their restaurant and room service were exorbitant, charging 15.95 GBP ($24) for a continental breakfast and 21.95 GBP ($33) for a full breakfast. However, the food was very good and the staff was friendly and welcoming to our children, even in the evenings. Dinner at the restaurant ran about $20 GBP ($30) for an entree.The hotel in general was not overly family-friendly; it is angled more toward business travelers. Our room had a mini-bar that could not be locked, and it was controlled by a sensor that would charge you for anything that was MOVED, much less taken. The pool had limited hours for children on weekdays. However, children under 5 ate free at the restaurant's breakfast buffet and there was a great children's menu in the evenings.It's a fantastic location for family travel: the BA London Eye and the London Aquarium are both adjacent. There is a McDonald's in the same building, as well as a video arcade and an excellent Chinese restaurant. On Gabriel's Wharf, which runs along the river, there are street performers, souvenir stands, and food vendors. It's an easy walk to most of the major London attractions such as Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace, and Covent Garden, and the Westminster and Waterloo tube stations are also convenient. (Although we got lost coming out of Waterloo; Westminster is much easier.)All in all, if you have the money or Marriott miles (we used miles for 2 nights and paid for 2), I would recommend it. There's nothing like waking in the morning to the sound of Big Ben to let you know you're really in London. It's a nice place to stay, with or without children in tow.	
Nov 26 2003	Nice large rooms	I spent a few days here compliments of my brother in law before going to a boutique hotel in central london. double room was very large, nice bathroom. The lounge was nice at night. For a few extra dollars the wonderful gym upstairs was available. Using the pool was inconvenient. Go to the 4th floor to get the pass code (changed daily), then go to the 5th floor to the pool. Kinda irked me I had to bring a pound to use a locker though.	
Nov 20 2003	Great view!!!	My husband and I were here in June 2003. We upgraded our room to a room with a balcony overlooking the river. The view was fantastic! Highly recommend getting a room with a balcony. The room was nice and clean. Service was good. We did not try the food at the hotel as there are so many places to go. Thought the location was convenient. It was expensive, but we did not find much in London that was not.	
Nov 10 2003	This hotel is a huge letdown. Go elsewhere.	I can't believe all the high reviews for County Hall, from which we just returned after a week (Nov03). In my opinion it is nowhere near a Category 7 (top) rating for a Marriott and don't know how they earned it. Other than the great location for first time visitors to London, Grosvenor or Park Lane would be better Marriott choices. It's a 'cold' looking hotel with stairs to climb (no handrail or handicap lift) just to get into the hotel, and then more once you're in just to get to the lobby. The wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off the wall in places. There's no coffee maker as advertised. It's just a combo tub/shower - not separate. The restaurant is not a good one - food is cold, uncooked, and poor quality...and super expensive! Phone calls charges are excessive - 1 pound per minute locall and 3 pounds per minute to USA. Get a phone card from a tobacco store and use the hotel's pay phone with it (not the room phone because they still charge by the minute). The bed? Sleep on the floor - it's softer. It took us a half hour to even stand up each morning, recovering from the mattress. We had a Thames view which was nice, but the room had cheap furniture in need or replacement or repair. It did have 115 and 230 v power plugs (you might need a plug adapter but not a transformer). Nice towels but the maid won't replace empty shampoo/conditioner/soap bottles unless you call. Have hotel empty the mini bar and buy convenience floor for snacks - otherwise you'll pay a big big price.	
Oct 13 2003	Excellent value for money	My husband and I were attending a wine-tasting event in SE1 and had been very much looking forward to this. To complement the afternoon we decided to stay over in London somewhere near where the wine-tasting was held. The Marriott looked good, according to the reviews on this site.We went last weekend and I must say, it was worth every penny and we would stay there again. What a beautiful building, tastefully renovated and the service was outstanding - most unusual for British hotels I'm afraid.We paid for a river view room with parking and breakfast included and I must say the view was superb (right next to the London Eye), the parking was slick and breakfast was great. Marvellous. Go there and enjoy!	
Oct 13 2003	Wonderful experience.	I'm a frequent traveller and was awed by the magnificent view of Big Ben and Parliament from my window. Outstanding staff, excellent executive lounge, large rooms. A two block walk to Waterloo station, which allowed us to catch the Eurostar through the Chunnel for a convenient day trip to Paris. Two block walk across the Thames to the underground. Only negatives is that it is not close to major restaurant districts or shopping. Still, the nearby bus and undergroung stops allow you to reach these areas within 20 minutes. Will definitely stay again.	
Aug 26 2003	What a hotel!!		
Aug 24 2003	Great hotel!		
Aug 6 2003	A great way to start my honeymoon		
Jul 31 2003	A Wonderful Hotel!		
Jun 11 2003	Loved the Marriott County Hall		
May 27 2003	Great Place To Stay		
May 23 2003	Above Expectations		
May 6 2003	Loved Marriott County Hall		
Apr 11 2003	Great hotel		
Feb 12 2003	Loved it!		
Jan 3 2009 	??????????????????		
Mar 25 2008 	Très déçus		
Mar 5 2008 	Superbe		
Jul 5 2007 	Choix exceptionnel		
Jun 5 2007 	Perfecto para todo		
