Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel	The entire experience was perfect. From the size and cleanliness of the room to the restaurant where we ate breakfast every morning to its great proximity to the underground subway and other sights! The hotel staff and personnel were always helpful and willing to do what we needed. I'm telling this hotel was beautiful and comfortable! 	
Oct 18 2009 	Comfortable hotel good location	On some trips I like to stay at chain hotels for the comfort of the familiar. This trip was booked with Marriott points. This was my second time at this hotel. The room had 2 double beds and was quite spacious for a European hotel.The overall decor was very unobtrusive, the room clean, the staff nice and friendly. Breakfast buffet was included with our room, lots of choices. The lobby bar was funky and relaxing. Overall, nice atmosphere.There is a Sainsbury across the street from the hotel. Hotel was about a 5 min walk from Gloucester Road tube, lots of cafes and shops in the area. About 10/15 minute walk in opposite direction to Earl's Court tube.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Stay In A Beautiful Residential Area	Had six nights in October. Absolutely loved the hotel and the area. Hotel is on a busy road so we asked for a room in the back - no problems with noise at all. Typical Marriott furnishings and wonderful bedding (although the feather bed was hurting a little compared to other Marriotts). Fully functioning AC and heat - you may need both in the same stay this time of year! Spotless bathroom with great water pressure and hot water in the shower. In room coffee, tea, hot chocolate and biscuits. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful with travel options in London and beyond - don't be surprised if the staff you meet remember your name the next time you see them. High speed internet is pricey at 15 pounds, but is the fastest connection we've ever had in Europe. Gym is a little small, but Hyde Park/Kensington Gardens aren't too far for a jog. Sainsbury (grocery store) right across the street - excellent muffins and croissants for breakfast and pre-made sandwiches and salads saved us tons of money on lunches. There is also a self-laundry on the same block if you're on an extended trip. Walk to Glouchester Rd Underground Station is 5-10 minutes along Cromwell Rd - you can get most places using Piccadilly, Circle, and District Lines from there. More fast food, grocery stores, newsstands, and pubs by the station. Harrod's V&amp;A, National History Museum, etc. are all in easy walking distance. Just a great hotel that I can't wait to stay in again - feel like you're in a real residential part of London, excellent rooms and staff, and easy access to all tourist attractions!Have a great stay in London!	
Sep 25 2009 	We were treated like family--what great service!	We recently spent 7 nights at this hotel in Kensington. The staff was extremely helpful to us in planning our visit (Ron the concierge is the best!). They arranged for private transport from Heathrow (and worried about us when our plane was delayed), knew just who we were when we arrived, upgraded us to a beautiful king bed room (loved that bed, it slept so good), treated us to an elaborate breakfast buffet every day and a very nice executive lounge. The staff everywhere was friendly, attentive--we felt very much at home. It was a short walk to the tube, and the bus stopped right in front. Now granted, we were Platinum Level Rewards Members using points to stay--but I give my vote for favorite place to stay to these folks!	
Sep 21 2009 	Too cramped and hot	Small room with no way of turning down the heat - even in January the place was like an oven. Badly designed room though as usual with a Marriott the reception was fine.Better value elsewhere and not up to Marriott standards.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location good value has seen better days but well kept and really clean	We stayed for a romantic London weekend in September'09 at the Marriott Kensington Hotel, since we got a good 3 nights for the price of two offer.The hotel is very well situated 5-10 minutes walk away from Gloucester Road tube station, and a nice stroll away from the Victoria &amp; Albert/Natural History/Science Museums, Harrod's Knightsbridge and Hyde Park.The building and decor have seen better days and are quite old fashioned, but everything is in good condition and spotlessly clean. Rooms are on the smallish side, at leas for the double we had, but it is London after all.Breakfast was nice although not as good as some other Marriotts I've stayed in, and service was well trained, attentive and nice.We would go back again, in fact I am next week!	
Aug 12 2009 	Nice hotel. Service is not bad but.... peculiar	I have stayed here many, many times due to my frequent business travel to London. I sometimes would be at this hotel for 8 nights in a row. I do like the location which is walking distance to Chelsea, not your typical tourist area. The rooms were nice &amp; clean, tho rather small, but hey, it's London! Room service good. The gym is not large, but it's clean, &amp; to be honest, who really works out on the road? No matter what time I went (daily), I was often the only person there. Overall service is good to great. Front Desk/Concierge is a fun group of International people &amp; they were always helpful (or really tried their best). But, this is what puzzles me: I am at Marriott Member (higher level), &amp; as I said, I stayed here many times ...and I never seen a place so oversold. Meaning, MANY MANY times, upon arriving to check in, I was told: &quot;Sorry, we are oversold &amp; we are taking you to another property&quot;. Granted they paid for the night, the transportation was not comped. This happened SO many times that it had become a running joke among the staff and I. Every time I would arrive I never knew if there was a room or not. Why do i mention this here? Because IF I got &quot;walked&quot; as much as I did, &amp; I am a Marriott High Points member that stays here all the time....what will happen to any guest/customer who maybe stays here just once? It seems as the planning/management of the facility is totally random.	
Aug 11 2009 	This place is notorious among many Marriott Rewards members I know...	...as one of the worst Marriott hotels in terms of service. Some staff are helpful and responsive, but most desperately need a crash-course in basic customer relations, and can't be bothered with even the most simple requests. I've stayed at this hotel three times due to convenience bookings among several groups of colleagues, and we all joke about the poor service. As a Platimum Marriott Rewards member who stays in Marriott hotels around the world on business, I'll say that the basics - clean rooms and linens, operable phone and Internet, security - are all provided here. But apparently the hotel management is depsperate enough to cut costs that they've made that the obvious priority among the staff, and it's almost comical. A camera on the honor bar in the concierge lounge? Are you kidding me? Even with that in place, they have staff patrolling the lounge, distributing honor bar tab tickets to everyone present. And then a manager accosting people as they left, a stack of honor bar tickets in his hand. Tiny amounts of food at the buffett are replaced very infrequently during meal times...and all the while you can catch a glimpse of the staff in the prep area, standing next to full trays of this food, watching the clock, while a room of hungry, loyal Marriott customers waits (they can use this time to fill out their honor bar tabs, I suppose). Are you kidding me, Marriott? Simply shut down the concerige lounge if you're losing so much money, folks. I'm pretty sure you're defeating the entire purpose with this insulting behavior - and the message your corporate management intends to send to your Elite membership.	
Aug 10 2009 	A very disappointing stay	We booked at the MK as it seemed to be reasonably close to the Albert Hall and Kensington Park, as we were going to a Prom and also to see Peter Pan in the Park.We have stayed at Marriott hotels quite often and could usually rely on them to be up to a minimum acceptable standard.When we arrived we were told that the air conditioning was being replaced and so there was none. We were told that the room we had booked, an exec which tend to be that little bit bigger than the standard, had windows that could not be opened and so we could stay there and they would let us have a couple of fans. We asked to see the room and as soon as we entered you could feel how hot it was. So we were then shown a standard room which we were told had windows that opened. Although much smaller, we were happy to accept this on the basis we could get some fresh air (and they offered to reduce the cost). However on going up to the room having checked in, we found the window had been screwed shut. But they did then agree to move us to another standard room on the ground floor which had a window that we could open - I assume the windows on the higher floors are screwed shut in case someone tries to jump out through the 2 inches or so that they open! They were very pleasant about sorting it out, but it would have been nice to have been advised the air con was not working in advance (they said it had been out for a couple of weeks) so that we could have booked elsewhere.Apparently part of their problem was that the hotel is built over the tube and so they cannot get a big enough crane onsite to do some of the work. The District and Circle line were actually suspended over the weekend for engineering works. This was a nuisnace for guests as it limited transport options, but from the evidendce of the noise on Monday morning when service was resumed, it was a good thing as the trains are quite audible in the ground floor rooms.The housekeeping was not up to the expected standard - there appeared to be some items missing that we would have usually found and also the replenishment of the tea and coffee was not done well - all decaf coffee and none of the real stuff. I managed to catch the maid along the corrider and asked if we could have some proper coffee, and she solved our problem by swapping our decaf with some from the room she had just cleaned - apologies to the guest who had that room if they wanted proper coffee!This might just be the fact that we had been &quot;downgraded&quot; to a standard room or might be a sign of these tough times -if so, why do they persist on putting in new shampoo etc. when they have been barely used?Breakfast was no more than OK - the bacon was hard, either from being overcooked or left too long, there were no fried eggs on one morning and the scrambled egg looked particularly unappetising.The best bit about the hotel was the club sandwich and bottle of wine we had after the performance.Finally, there was no guest questionnaire - we wonder whether we will be sent one by email to complete - but maybe they have been removed from the rooms as a damage limitiation exercise so that head office do not have any feedback from guests on their less that acceptable standard. We will be looking for a way of giving feedback direct to Marriott if we are not asked for it.	
Aug 6 2009 	No air-conditioning?	Just returned from a 3-night stay in London, staying at the Marriott, Kensington. Plus points were the location and the advance room rate, which is pretty cheap.However, there was no air-conditioning in the hotel (yes, the entire hotel) which made for a very uncomfortable 3 nights sleep. Despite the fact that the hotel knew about this problem well in advance of our arrival, there was no communication of this fact until we were checking in. The problem was exacerbated by the fact that our room was TINY. The smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in, in fact. For these reasons, I will not be booking this hotel again.Also, there seems to be very little noise insulation between the rooms and from the outside. We were frequently woken to noise from televisions, and on one occasion, a car alarm - despite the fact that we were on the top (8th) floor.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect Location near restaurants and the tube	We booked our stay here in anticipation of going to opening night of Michael Jackson's concert. I was so sad after the bad news I was sure I wasn't going to have any fun in London at all. I was wrong. This hotel was really upbeat, comfortable, and located in a great part of town for all the good sites. This might sound odd, but the lobby smelled AMAZING. Not your typical fake air freshener type smell, it was so fresh and fragrant I couldn't get enough of it. Grocery across the street was more than convenient. Short walk to the Gloucester Rd stop on the Picaddily line made this super convenient for those arriving at Heathrow. Get the Picaddily line towards Cockfosters (35 mins), get off at Gloucester Rd, exit the stop and walk left, left at intersection, and its about a 5 minute walk. Loved the complimentary iced tea in the lobby. What a welcome sight after long days out sightseeing. Internet connection in the room was next to impossible.	
Jul 27 2009 	A slightly nicer than usual Marriott	I was relieved to check in to this hotel after a week in several countries/ several different classes of accommodations. They warned me right away that the air conditioning was broken, but it really didn't matter - there was a fan in my room and the windows were open-able, so the room was nice and cool (the hallways were hot, though). I only stayed here one night, but it was a very pleasant stay. It is about a 5-10 minute walk to the Gloucester Street underground station, and walkable to the Victoria and Albert Museum and Harrod's.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel ... Great Food	Marriott Kensington is a regular haunt of mine when travelling on business and need to be convenient to the Piccadilly or Circle Lines - have choice of Earls Court or Gloucester Road stations.The rooms are small but have everything necessary for the business traveller and are fine for one person. The air-conditioning isn't working at the moment - but the rooms have previously been cool or warm as required depending on the season.The Executive Lounge is good, It has a good selection of food (depending on time of day) and soft drinks, tea, coffee, etc. The only niggle is that it is poorly situated in a sub-ground floor in the middle hotel - so there's no windows - and very poor mobile signal. Executive implies business - and not being able to use the mobile for e-mail is a drawer back. There are two PCs and (unusually) these have printers which is good for printing something that you've forgotten for a meeting or an airline boarding pass.The Restaurant serves excellent steaks - not the cheapest - but excellent quality - and usually the service is just right too. Good room service food too.Reception staff are friendly and helpful.There's a nice small pool to relax. The jacuzzi is not much to comment on - it is a gentle &quot;swish&quot; of water! And watch out for the wet floors.Overall its a hotel that I will continue to use when in this area.	
Jul 20 2009 	Comfortable reliable and well-appointed	Booking a hotel in London can be tricky once your children reach 16--adulthood by UK standards. Many hotels will not allow 3 &quot;adults&quot; in one room, so you're required to book two rooms. Not so at the Marriott Kensington in London. We were able to stay in one spacious room (our children are 17 and 12) for 289 GBP/night. Booking 2 rooms in comparable hotels would have cost about 25% more. We booked the jr. suite, which is a spacious 500 square feet, complete with 2 queen beds (very comfortable!), a sofa, ample closet space, a roomy and clean bathroom (with 2 sinks, no less!), coffee/tea making facilities, and an American-style electrical outlet. We opted for the executive suite membership, which meant we had access to the executive lounge for breakfast (hearty and healthy and tasty) as well as coffee/drinks/snacks, newspapers, and computer access all day long. While it's tempting to stay in a 'local' hotel when traveling, sometimes going for American comfort and reliability is the way to go! The location may seem a bit removed from the action in London, but it's really quite good--only 3 blocks from 2 major tube stops (Gloucester and Earls Court), a 5 minute walk to the Natural History Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museum, 10 minutes walk to tony Kensington High Street and its great shops and restaurants (to the north) or Harrods (to the east), 15 minutes walk to Kensington Palace/Gardens and Hyde Park. As a bonus, across the street from the hotel is a Sainsbury's grocery store and a laundromat; just near the tube stops are several good choices for lunch and dinner (ASK, Paul's, Nando's, and several pubs). We highly recommend this hotel for families who wish to stay together.	
Jul 19 2009 	Mixed review - good value good location odd services	The reason I say mixed review is that there were some relatively odd bits but overall the experience was good.I stayed here for a long weekend with my 7 year old son. When booking on the web there was no option for a twin room so I went with a double. I rang the hotel the next day to change to a twin and the guy on the phone said no problem . . . but it will cost you an extra £40 per night. Excuse me ? £40 extra just to get a twin bed. But this rate included Executive lounge access. I thought about it and decided that it might just be worth it - for a bit of a treat. The initial rate was something like £125 per night which seemed good for the middle of summer in London. Even though the extra £40 was an extra 30% it still brought it up to a price I would have paid anyway, It just seemed crazy that there was no other way to get a twin room.When we arrived at the hotel I was told that my son wouldn't actually be able to use the executive lounge. Uh-huh . . . so I pay £40 a night so that I can sit in the lounge by myself and he gets to sit in a seperate bed upstairs. I don't think so. Eventually the manager was consulted and agreed that a single small boy was unlikely to go rushing around the lounge and so could use it. Result. But it really felt like a bit of an ordeal to get this far.In the end the lounge was in the basement (I had been hoping for a top floor room with a view of the area) and didn't serve alcohol and also didn't seem to serve food in the evenings. The alcohol wasn't a big issue, but other lounges I have used have had this, so I just kind of assumed it would be the same.As with other reviews here, this hotel is definitely an old one which has had a bit of a make over, rather than a top notch hotel. Out the back of the hotel there is a Premier Inn (or other cheapo chain) which is attached by a bridge across the road, so the two buildings must have been part of the same hotel at some stage.The executive room we had was definitely big - two double beds and the usual weird TV stuck-in-a-cabinet arrangement. I don't like watching TV in a cupboard, but I could live with it. Other than that there's not a lot to say about the room. Based on the floor plan on the door, the other rooms on the floor were definitely smaller so you do benefit from the space.When we got to our room there was a note on the desk saying that the air-con was out and would be till August (a few weeks). They really could have mentioned this when booking in. Luckily it wasn't a particularly hot few days. I would not like to see it in the middle of a hot spell in August.As with other reviews - Earls Court &amp; Gloucester Road (Piccadilly line, good for Heathrow) tube stations are within a few minutes walk. In reality they are just down the road. You can't quite see them from the hotel but only because of a bend in the road. Sainsburys across the road and Waitrose at Gloucester Road are fine for snackage.We used the pool a few times over the days. It's fine - definitely an extra worth considering after a long days walking and getting the tube around London. The showers smelled a bit, but other than that the pool was good.I will be returning later this year with the rest of the family and would be likely to stay here again.	
Jun 16 2009 	Good location and nice environment	The hotel is clean and well maintained. The walk to the Tube station, as well as the nearby Kensington Palace, is beautiful. The environment is clean and surrounding feels safe. Service wise, the concierge and reception staffs on duty are friendly and helpful. Reasonable response time towards requests. Room and toilet are spacious and clean. The only drawback we had was with the view of the room. Our room was located on the ground floor and the window was facing another window. Internet access is also not free.	
Jun 14 2009 	HMS Marriott	What disappointed me the most about this hotel is false advertising. The Marriott web site states that the hotel &quot;is the most contemporary of hotels in London&quot; and that it sports a &quot;modern design.&quot; Please. Don't let the picture on the web site fool you. This hotel is essentially a musty old hotel that was acquired by Marriott around 2005 and given a superficial face lift. The face lift consists of a large glass-enclosed atrium and facade that is seen in the pictures. The hotel restaurant is part of the glass-enclosed atrium. Beyond the atrium, there's an old hotel that resembles a tired old cruise ship (hence the title of this review). The corridors are narrow and rather baroque. The rooms are small, and they have a distinctive low-frequency buzz that resembles vibrations from the diesel engines of a cruise ship! We had to try three rooms until we could find one where the vibrations were tolerable. There were no views, nor did we expect any.Despite our disappointment with this &quot;most contemporary of hotels in London,&quot; we had a pleasant stay. The staff were extremely friendly and courteous (especially an Italian chap named Luca who works as the concierge). The location is superb, with a 5-min walk to the Kensington tube station and two major museums. The surrounding area is quite safe and pleasant. A couple of tips: (1) If you have to take a cab to LHR, ask the hotel to arrange it for you (at a 45 GBP fixed price). Otherwise, the metered rate will invariably be higher. (2) If you are Marriott Gold or Platinum, you have an option of having free breakfast at the Concierge Lounge or the restaurant. Go for the restaurant since the restaurant provides an extensive buffet and an omelette station.	
Jun 12 2009 	A little bit of USA in London	As a major hotel chain, everything is as it should be and there were no hassles at all. The restaurant wait staff are really accomodating. A high-chair-adaptor that mounts on the regular chair could be well adjusted to our 10-month-old's needs.At check-in we were offered the option of a groundfloor room, or 4th floor. We were provided with a child bed in the room. Whether it's the prompt, friendly service and cheery smiles at reception, or the the fat guests waddling around the all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet, at the Marriott it feels like you're in St. Louis rather than London. Which can be a good thing if you're my mom, and you don't like surprises; but if you're hoping to take in an authentic British experience, this isn't it. The swimming pool, with the jacuzzi, sauna and steamroom are a better-than-expected delight. During the week from Sunday to Thursday, after 8.00 pm in the evenings the pool is restricted to adults, probably to accomodate the needs of business travellers.The neighborhood is okay, with not much of anything right on your doorstep apart from a big Sainsbury grocery store across the street. If you're willing to walk 7 minutes, you can be either at Glocester Road or Earls Court tube station, which are both bustling areas offering anything you could want, including public transportation. There is a bus stop directly in front of the Marriott that is served by the #74 bus, also. Because the Marriott is a major chain, mainly catering to business travelers during the week, you can get some terriffic weekend bargains at 20% off plus free breakfast, for instance, or stay 2 nights and get the 3rd night free. Etc.	
Jun 8 2009 	Typical Marriott	Decent hotel in a very good location. Rooms and public areas very much what you'd expect. Bar and restaurant about as bland as all Marriott's.Staff very friendly but pretty young and under trained, as usual with Marriott's.	
May 12 2009 	Great family rooms	We have stayed at the Marriott in Kensington twice and really enjoyed both stays. They have a large Family rooms with 2 double beds and a large sitting area which is nice. The breakfast is really good with a great selection and the staff are always very helpfull. It's only a two minute walk to the underground.A good hotel especially if you are travelling with children.	
Apr 29 2009 	great location very nice hotel	We recently stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the London marathon. First of all the location is superb with a 5 minute walk to the Tube, 10 minute walk to museums, grocery stores and restaurants nearby. From this hotel we were able to take some long walks into Hyde Park, Knightsbridge, Kensington, Theatre District, but the Tube is handy if you don't like walking. Our room was very spacious with a king bed and a couch. The bathroom was large with double sinks, tub and separate shower. Hot water and towels were very plentiful. Our room was very clean and very quiet. We did have Executive Lounge access which we enjoyed. We were able to pop in there for an afternoon snack, some cold water, juice or soda, newspapers, and free computer access. A breakfast was served in this room also with very liberal times. Arriving from the US, we were allowed to check in that morning and quickly shower and head out the door to take in London. We found all the staff helpful and used them to help us make phone calls about lost luggage and also to negotiate the price of a taxi back to Heathrow. We have stayed in London many times before but never in this area or at this hotel. We will definitely return here for the location and great service. In this hotel, you are close to the city but away from the bustle and noise.	
Apr 8 2009 	A great place to stay	Stayed here for a weekend to celebrate my 40th.The location was excellent, 5 minutes walk from Gloucester Rd tube station and 10 minutes walk from the Museums.The breakfast was very good, basically eat as much as you like!Room was great for our requirements. It was a good size and very clean.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great hotel!	I recently booked this hotel through Amex travel - got a good deal with a stay for 2 nights, get 3rd night free promo - average night was about $110. Hotel was very convenient to Gloucester Road tube station - I took the tube from Heathrow right into the city and walked to the hotel, about a 5 minute walk. The hotel was beautiful - I think it must have been recently renovated. Everything was spotless! Room wasn't massive, but very clean. I loved that they had full size bath sheets, not just towels that barely go around you. The hotel is also just a few minutes walk down Cromwell Road to Natural History Museum, Victoria &amp; Albert, and Knightsbridge area for shopping (Harrod's, Harvey Nick's, etc.) The people at the hotel couldn't have been nicer or more helpful - I was able to check in as soon as I arrived (around 11AM). When I arrived, I also realized I had left my credit card at home. My husband was arriving at the hotel later that afternoon, and they still let me check in until he arrived with his credit card.	
Mar 18 2009 	Not a good experience	This was my fourth stay ar this hotel, and I'm afraid it will be my last.I gave this hotel a very good review a couple of years ago, but it has gone downhill since then.We tried to check in at approx.12 noon, but was told the only room they had was on the ground floor, near the ballroom and they expected it to be noisy as they had a wedding that night (and belive me, it WAS).We decided to leave our bags and come back later to check in.we returned at 3 p.m and was told the room on the ground floor was the only one available. I have high floor room as one of my preferences in my Marriott acount, as well as extra pillows and towels. None of these requests were met.We had no choice but to take the room om the ground floor which is really in the basement. No view, dark and dingy and the room was tiny and I mean REALLY tiny even for London. This room gave me a headache. The bed took up almost the whole room. It was very claustrophobic.Noone offered to bring our bags to the room. We had to actually climb down a narrow staircase (with suitcases) and walk down a long corrodor. The whole thing was very disapointing. Breakfast was included in the rate, but they tried to charge us both mornings.It was a relief to check out. The only good thing was the breakfast which is excellent.Two weeks ago I stayed at the Renaissance Chancery Court and it was lightyears ahead of this hotel. I will be moving my business there and to the Sofitel in the future, as I don't want to experience a tiny room in the basement once again.	
Mar 18 2009 	Decent 4-star hotel in good location just some minor flaws	I booked this hotel for 123 GBP without breakfast over Marriott's official website, no breakfast included. Check-in was friendly and efficient, although the girl tried a bit too hard to make small talk and flatter me. We arrived at 9.45am and were find out that she had a room which was already ready for us to move into. Turned out to be a rather small room overlooking the back yard, not one overlooking the atrium, as I requested beforehand. It also had one queen bed instead of two single beds, which I had also asked for. That was one of the two things which were slightly disappointing about our stay.The other thing was a malfunction of the code card that opens the door. It just stopped working and I had to go down to the reception three times to get it fixed. Staff did everything they could but still, a brand like Marriott should install robust systems and know how to fix it instantly.We used the leisure club and enjoyed the sauna and the swimming pool. The whirlpool wouldn't start &quot;whirling&quot; though, no matter how hard we pushed the button on the floor next to it. There were some dirty and run-down spots here and there, but overall it's a decent facility.Overall it's a very good hotel, just three minutes from both Earl's Court and Gloucester Road tube stations, about 10 minutes from the Natural History Museum and about 20 minutes from Harrod's. If you get a good rate and maybe even a room upgrade, it's a good choice.	
Mar 12 2009 	Nice location and within easy reach of attractions	This is a great hotel which stands out from the typical white Kensington buildings. It's nearest station is Gloucester Road which is a few minutes away on foot on a single road. There's a Sainsbury's across the road and a Tesco express near too. It's within walking distance to both Hyde Park and the National History Museum which is well worth a visit (free!)!We stayed for three nights over a weekend in a ground floor room. We didn't hear any noise from other guests or from outside, perhaps because we had the airconditioning on which was a little noisy but we slept through it without it waking us up. The aircon itself worked well :) The mattress was really comfortable (queen's size bed) with lots of feather pillows, which I'm not a fan of personally but I still found them fairly comfortable. The shower worked fine and was quite powerful. Free toiletries everyday - even though we'd just moved them from the sink to the shower :)We stayed room only yet ordered breakfast to our room on a Sunday morning. It was expensive but tasty. My boyfriend had the English Breakfast (£17.95) which comes with cereal, and I had the Continental Breakfast (£15.95) - a basket of bread, pastries, a mini muffin and jam - which also came with cereal. There is a small charge for having the breakfast brought to your room - I think it was about £2. You choose which time slot you'd like for it to arrive, and if it's late, it's on them. Sadly, it was bang on time!We found the service fine, and not snooty like some other reviews suggest, despite the two of us being students and not remotely dressed posh! The staff are mainly foreign (as in most places in London), I assume due to the ability to speak many languages to cater for other guests. As our train home wasn't till 10pm, we were able to leave our bags with them during the day - using tickets to collect them later.I recommend going to Covent Garden for tea - nice food and area and good entertainment.	
Feb 23 2009 	Decent but not a real Marriott	Let's start with the pros: good value for money, clean facilities and effecient staff. Let's proceed with the cons: tiny rooms keeping you close to corridor noises, no free wifi, small and cheap bathrooms, 10m long swimming pool and joke of a gym.We booked that hotel for a really low room rate and our stay was pretty decent, do not get me wrong but if you trust the Marriott brand and its 4 star status ytou are up for a disappointment.	
Feb 16 2009 	~Great Value good quality hotel	the Kensington Marriott is really good value if you book as a Marriott Rewards customer and book a fair way in advance. We thought that around £150 for a deluxe double in central Kensington was pretty good for a weekend away, so we snapped it up! It's the second time we've stayed here and to be honest, it's really new, really clean, very modern and a failsafe - you know what you're getting. The rooms aren't huge, but are really comfortable, lovely beds - only quibble is the air con is a little noisy!Check in staff were really polite and efficient, breakfast is really good lots of choice - apart from they ran out of mushrooms.......All in all, a good choice if you want to get to everything in London, particularly Harrods, Kensington High St, The National History Museum, the V &amp; A, Albert Hall etc - you can walk to them all in 20 mins or less!	
Feb 3 2009 	Best Western Camouflaged As A Marriott	Overall: the Marriott brand would benefit much if they sell this hotel to a chain such as Best Western, which is more commensurable with its facilities. We used a 3 for 2 package which came with breakfast (the best thing about the hotel); at some 100GBP per night the rate was ok; a full charge rate would be way overpriced.Pros: the breakfast buffet is great; there is a great selection of foods and they prepare the eggs to order. The concierge were helpful. While the location is way off central attractions, it is a short walk to the tube at Earl's Court which gets you to central areas quite quickly. Cons: If you are into claustrophobic spaces, the rooms will be perfect. Just move the drapes, covering the entire wall, to discover that this glass wall illusion is hiding a tiny window with a perfect prison-view of the backyard. Moving the drapes is not too challenging; indeed, if you just move around the bed you are likely to hit the drapes anyway. Be ready for poorly maintained room facilities; the toilet was constantly leakingthroughout our stay; we tried to ignore it, like the housekeeping staff did, but it was way too noisy. Also, if you want to spend your London time far from the madding crowds, the tourist attractions, the business and shopping districts, this is a perfect location. Aggravations: Be ready for billing errors and denial of the confirmed rates. Get rates confirmation and rules in writing and make sure that your check-in form has these correctly printed. Even this may be insufficient and arbitrary rate changes may occur. If you get hit with such errors, call the front desk and have them deliver a correct bill to your room; otherwise you may spend an hour to check out. Be ready for a 15GBP daily rip-off charges for an Internet connection and for 20% surcharge on changing currency. It is best to avoid these hotel dis-services. You can buy a wireless Internet access from O2 or other phone stores for much less and get much more.	
Dec 31 2008	Pleasant stay	Our room and bathroom were in very good condition during our recent stay; they seemed to have been recently renovated. However, this hotel's standout is its efficient, professional, and relaxed staff- particularly the breakfast staff. Exec lounge access and breakfast were included in the weekend rate. The hotel is in easy walking distance to the Tube, the Natural History Museum, the V&amp;A, and many restaurants.	
Dec 1 2008	Absolute gem of a hotel!	Only a short walk from the nearby Gloucester Road tube station we were delighted to see this visually striking hotel, and were even more so when we were upgraded to a superior room free of charge (we were also using marriott rewards). Great, spacious, huge light room, with above average amenities such as free bottled water in the office/tv area and in the bathroom - This water was also restocked each day of our stay. As well as being upgraded free of charge we were also granted free access to the hotel's excellent executive lounge, which served lunch, snacks, dinner and a brilliant buffet breakfast, as well as free soft drinks around the day (which was brilliant after seeing the frankly ridiculous mini bar charges). One minor downside to the hotel was the swimming pool, which was quite small, although seeing as it was near the centre of london this was to be expected.I would certainly recommend this brilliant, architectually stunning hotel to anyone who is wanting to stay in London.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great for single traveller but average for a Marriott	I recently stayed at the Marriott as I had stayed t Marriotts before and as a smoker it's one of the chains that can still guarantee a smoking room if requested.I am a 33 year old singleton, so wanted a hotel that was in a relatively safe location, and wasn't dissappointed with that aspect at all, surrounding area was very pleasant and lit well, and the rooms and staff at the Marriott all felt very secure also.The rooms were fairly spacious and very clean, and of course the famous Marriott beds were up the their usual big and comfy standard.I had the breakfast in my room on my first morning, but it wasn't worth the £17 that it cost, slightly greasy and a bit tasteless, but had two other evening room service meals that were fairly nice, but still a bit pricey. There is a Sainsburys directly across the road which I suggest you use for snacks and drinks, and save yourself some money.The location is good for a bit of peace and quiet, but just down the road is the Natural History Museum and Harrods is about a 15 to 20 minute walk, you can easily get in to Oxford street etc on the tube (that's if they are running, which they weren't the weekend I was there due to 1 accident on one line and scheduled engineering work on 2 others) Nearest tube is a 5 to 10 min walk.	
Nov 25 2008 	Excellent Hotel with easy access to the Tube	Very nice location and quite. First room we had didn't have hot water. We were then transferred to an executive room which was much larger with 2 beds and had no issues. The staff was helpful but many of them were &quot;in-training&quot; so they had to double check the information with the supervisor often. The executive lounge was very nice but no windows so no view. Food and drinks were constantly being restocked. Also, the executive lounge had 2 computers with free internet access which was nice to be able to check email. Only a 5-10 minute walk to the underground (Tube).	
Nov 24 2008	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed here for Saturday Night. Chose this hotel after reading the other reviews and because the location is great for the Natural History Museum too. The room was very good, the staff really friendly and helpful. Also to note is that the hotel is extremely quiet as in no street noise or noise from the corridors so a good nights sleep! Although the price of breakfast was extortionate we had it included in our rate, and it was delivered to the room for an extra £2.50 only and was 5*. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Staff	The staff at this hotel were so helpful. Very friendly, very happy to help, always cheerful. Really, they made my stay. The hotel itself is pretty basic - the amenities are fine but nothing amazing. The breakfast is incredibly overpriced and I recommend going to any pub down the street for a full English breakfast. Internet and phone access are also very expensive but again, there are Internet cafes across the street and a pay phone in the lobby. The hotel is located about 5-10 minutes walk away from the Gloucester Road tube stop.Overall, I was quite comfortable in this hotel and would recommend it.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not quite a Marriott	We stayed there for 3 nights. First time in this Marriott. Location is perfect. I think that that's one off the reasons that they are the most bussyest Marriott in London. Staff did there best but we think that the Marriott Canary Wharf is (far) better. We had to change room two times to get a room with a decent matras. Whenn one hass a verry bussy hotel one knows that you have to renew the matrasses more often. We found them all horrible. Not a Marriott worthy. Will probably not go back in the near future.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Stay at the Marriott	My family of 4 stayed at the Marriott in mid-July. The location is just great. A few blocks from the tube, a large grocery store across the street and some local restaurants and nice pubs close by. This helped us save some serious money. You're on the edge of the city rather than in the heart, so it was quieter and more residential which was really nice. But in a few minutes on the tube you could be in the heart of the city.The daily breakfast was included in our rate and the food was simple but good. Because we had two kids with us, we decided to get a junior suite. The room was very large (sitting area, dining area and two king beds). The beds were comfortable and there was no problem with noise at night. We had access to the executive lounge but we didn't use it much. The pool is very small as is the hot tub. The staff were friendly and helpful.Overall we had a great time and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 14 2008 	Excellent base for London weekend	We stayed at the Marriott London Hotel for a Friday &amp; Saturday night in September 2008 and would recommend it as an excellent base for a London weekend. We booked direct with the hotels website and one thing to look out for is that they released reduced prices (20% off) for the weekend on the Monday before. I do have one gripe about the booking process, the prices are quoted ex VAT which is only added later in the booking process so beware! Our room was on the 3rd floor and was standard chain hotel style with a double bed and small bathroom. The standard of decor was good however and more than suited our needs as a base for a weekend of sightseeing and theatregoing. Particularly good was the breakfast (included in the package which we bought) and it set us up to see the sights. The hotel also had a small pool and leisure club but as we didn't get around to using it I can't really comment. The hotel was very well placed being just a 5 minute walk from Gloucester Rd tube station which was a short ride to Leicester Square and Covent Garden and also within walking distance of Kensington Palace &amp; Gardens. At £120 a night (+ vat) it seemed to represent reasonable value for central London and we would definitely consider it again for future trips.	
Sep 11 2008 	THE BEST OF THE BEST	We had scheduled another hotel that turned out to be unacceptable. We walked into the Marriott and asked if they had a room for the week and they said yes. The Concierge desk took care of everything for us. They changed all my tour pickups to the hotel for us, were able to convert money, provided a PC to contact AAA who helped with the original trip to get re-embursed for the other hotel. I just can not say enough about how they went the extra mile to make our stay the best they could. There also was security so we felt very safe. Rooms were super clean, and very very nice. I would stay there everytime I come to London. Kudos to this hotel the stay couldn't have been better.	
Jul 31 2008 	Quiet corner of London	Stayed overnight before trip home. This is near the museums but away from the Central London. Lots of cafe, restaurants and supermarket within walking distance. Tube station is close by, but only if minimal luggage. Saw some tourist lugging their wheeled bags with dificulty. The pavements and road is not ideal for this. Faciliies are okay, room smallish especially with cot. Very clean and comfy though.	
Jul 11 2008 	Am I really in Europe?	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott from June 27th through 30th, 2008. This was the last leg of our vacation and I’m so happy we booked this hotel. Compared to the other hotels we stayed in during our time in London and Paris this trip, this Marriott was by far the most superior. The room was just as large (if not larger) than the Marriott rooms in Toronto. It felt completely luxurious to us following the cramped quarters we had become accustomed to in European hotels.We booked our room on the Marriott website and got a fairly good deal - $120 pounds per night. The location was fantastic for us – there is a Sainsbury’s (grocery store) right across the street and the neighbourhood is much less busy and touristy than our first stop in London (Trafalgar Square). We were able to walk to Notting Hill and Covent Garden (over an hour walk, but we did it). The tube station Gloucester Road is just a few blocks away, which made traveling to the train station and airport a breeze.We were assigned room 141, which is not in the main tower, but along the side of the hotel, just up a small flight of stairs. Checking in and out was quick and easy. Our view was not great, but we were mainly there to sleep and relax, so it didn’t bother us at all. We had a very comfortable king size bed, desk, chairs and coffee table, coffee maker, and all of the makings for complimentary coffee, tea, and hot chocolate (including the biscuits!). The bathroom was very large as was the tub and the toiletries were the best we had encountered on our trip (shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, bar soap, lotion). Everything was extremely clean and well-maintained. The Marriott London Kensington certainly made our last few nights in Europe stress free and enjoyable. We would absolutely recommend this hotel to friends and family and will definitely stay here again on our next trip to London – in fact, we will probably stay here for the entire trip.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great bed pleasant hotel	Really enjoyed stay here. There's hassle free if expensive parking on site.Lovely room with great pillows and bed.Close to the V&amp;A museum and the shops on Kensington High Street and Brompton and Fulham Road.Don't bother with quite expensive breakfast...go to the cafe round the corner on Gloucester Road...great food...half the price.	
Jun 24 2008	Recommended	Just returned from a weekend at the hotel, which was very comfortable and clean. We were on the 8th floor, which had been a smoking floor but now only smells the very faintest bit of smoke, if at all. (and the windows open for fresh air, so smell was never a problem)As others have said, the room was small, but did not feel cramped. Bathroom was clean and well stocked with towels and toiletries. Staff was pleasant and held luggage post check out.Hotel is 5 minutes from the Gloucester Road tube, and the area is very safe. A couple of peeves: the hairdryer's location in a closet makes drying hair very awkward, and the hotel food and coffee are very pricy (coffee is 3 pounds, or $6!) Iti s also important to note that this hotel is outside the center of the downtown area - about a 15-20 minute tube ride from most attractions, though only 1 tube stop, or a 10 minute walk from the V&amp;A, Science Museum and Natural History Museum. As noted in other reviews, there are supermarkets across the street and between the hotel and tube, so very well located to pick up conveniences. We had breakfast at a little open air cafe right across from the tube that was reasonably priced and tasty. There is an airy bar right off the lobby, though it never seemed very lively. One more thing - the hotel was exceptionally quiet - I did not hear a sound all night and I am a light sleeper. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 19 2008 	Would Definitely Return to the Kensington Marriott!	This is a wonderful property located midway between the Gloucester Road and Earl's Court Tube stations (right on the Piccadily line for easy access to/from Heathrow). There is a Sainsbury across the street and cute restaurants within walking distance. The hotel staff is very accommodating and the rooms are spacious and comfy. We love Kensington, and will definitely stay at this property again.	
Apr 24 2008 	Very nice stay	Good location, silent room, very tasty breakfast...reccomended!	
Apr 8 2008 	Watch out for their bait and switch	First the good: Modern looking hotel with great restaurants, grocery, and shops nearby and a short walk to the tube. Now the bad: You may get stuck in a horrible basement annex room. The website only shows the nice hotel tower hotel an elevator ride away from hotel amenities. What they don't show you are basement annex rooms they may actually put you in. You have to walk through a tunnel for about a city block to get to your room and there are no amenities. These rooms shouldn't even be sold under the Marriott name. When you make your reservations, make sure you get a guarantee in writing that you get a tower room, otherwise you may end up in the basement for the same pice.	
Apr 7 2008 	Lovely Comfortable Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my husband and in a room next door to my ultra-fussy sister. I have to say that we all had no complaints, apart from the heat in the room. It was air-conditioned, but this was rather noisy if left on. If switched off the room got very hot! Apart from this we ate, drank and slept in the hotel and were pleased with the comfort, cleanliness and service. Book online direct with the hotel and try and get a good deal. We paid £130 for the room for the night without breakfast so a little pricey, but in the range for the other nearby hotels and is probably one of the better ones. There are also loads of restaurants and bars nearby the hotel, and the location is good for transport (5 min walk from Gloucester Road underground) and only a 10-15 min walk for Earls Court and the Olympia for the shows.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good bed and breakfast hotel	We stayed in family room which was small but very clean had lovely view of roof but then who looks out hotel windows? Hall ways were very narrow. Location was excellent although it would be a bit far from the underground if the weather had been wet. Breakfast was excellent but my fussy child would only eat the beans over all I would give it a good 3 stars almost 4 stars	
Apr 5 2008 	Stay for the location	I have stayed at the Marriott in Kensington on several occasions, often as a female travelling alone, and the main reason I stay here is for the location. As anyone who has been to London knows, the tube is full of stairs and getting cases to the street (let alone changing trains from Heathrow) is a nightmare and bad holiday start. Earls Court station on the Piccadilly line from Heathrow is a disabled station and hence has a lift to the street level. Its then 5 minutes walk through a residential area to the Marriott. So get off here from Heathrow, not at Gloucester Road station.The rooms here are small but comfortable. Although on my last stay I did think the bathrooms, while they are well equipped, could do with a spruce up.Sainsbury’s, laundry and internet (at cheap rates) are across the road. Great restaurants (at a good price), and other services are all within a 5 minutes walk which is more than safe at night.Having staying in the area several times including at the Radisson Edwardian Vanderbilt in Cromwell Road (around the corner) and others, the Marriott also wins because it is oh so quiet - hard to get in London.While the city centre may seem a tube ride away, the Kensington high street shops are less than 10 minutes walk away with Oxford St, Hyde Park and the like are about 30. The food is good and breakfast has a great selection including eggs made to order.Just a note if like me, you HATE the smell of smoke in a room, avoid the rooms on level 1. Many of these were previously smoking rooms and while the hotel has been smoke free for some time, they retain the smell.I booked on the Marriott web site getting £99 a night inc b/f .	
Mar 26 2008 	A great choice!	My husband and I have just returned from London after a 2 night stay in the Marriott. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was uncertain as to whether I should book here or not. However, we were extremely pleased with all aspects of our stay.On arrival, we were able to check in straight away, even though we had arrived a few hours before the designated 3pm check-in time. The staff were very friendly, courteous and helpful. We were also encouraged with our choice when we saw the Arsenal 1st Team - if it's good enough for them , it's good enough for us!We were given a 2 day pass for the underground and bus which was great as we were not expecting that at all! The underground is only 5 minutes away - if even that - and is very accessible. The area is lovely, quiet and clean.The food was just beautiful - breakfast was included, and we had an evening meal as well. However, we found it to be a little pricey, about £75 for 2 main course and dessert and bailey coffees.Unfortunately, we didn't make time to try out the swimming pool and other leisure facilities. The newspaper was delivered every morning, we thought that was a lovely touch.Finally, the room was very comfortable, with iron, hairdryer etc to hand. It was exceptionally clean too.Overall, we loved our stay in the Marriott, Kensington, and will most likely book there again on our next trip to London.	
Mar 18 2008 	Marriott needs some help	Typical Marriott, but some obvious issues. 1.) I arrived separately from my husband and checked in. The &quot;in-training&quot; clerk was supposed to leave a message for him, but they checked him in separately into another room. Just a mess and the staff needs more training. Friendliness should be automatic. 2.) Power wash the front steps. Just grimey steps walking into the hotel from the sidewalk. Horrible first impression. Husband is a gold status and I've seen a lot of Marriotts (and related brands) and this one is just not on par with others we stayed at in the London area.	
Mar 5 2008	Good stay great neighbourhood	I stayed here with my teenaged daughter in early February after getting a satisfactory weekend rate over the hotel's own website. I'd stayed in the Holiday Inn Kensington last year and had been very impressed with the safe neighbourhood, the hotel being across the street from the Gloucester Road tube station and the great choices of shopping and eating. But that stay was only 1 night. I needed 3 nights this time, and the HI was too costly for that. So is the Marriott actually, during the weekdays!The Marriott was about a 5 minute walk from the said station, which makes it a bit of a struggle if you walk with a lot of heavy luggage. Check-in was OK, the room with a king bed given to us for the special rate was all right, although quite small - there was very little room to move in the room. Still, it was clean, quiet and cosy, with a comfy bed. They honoured my request for a rear room on an upper floor, which was appreciated. The breakfast (included in the rate) was OK. One issue: the reception tried to charge me for breakfast separately, even though I told them this was included in the rate, and luckily I had the computer printout confirmation to prove it. However, apparently they were not able to see this in my reservation, but much to their credit the management decided to not charge me extra for breakfast, thanks to my having written proof of this being included in my rate. Therefore, I advise potential customers to always carry full printouts of their reservations. Overall, I would recommend this hotel, mainly due to the safe, quiet and convenient neighbourhood (24-hour Sainsbury's across the street was quite appreciated!) and closeness to the tube - you can take the Piccadilly line directly from Heathrow to this station, which was a big consideration in my choice to stay here.	
Feb 9 2008 	great location clean rooms but questionable management	The hotel's location is great for museums and some businesses particularly the Earl's court exhibition centre. The rooms are very clean and as is typical of Marriott has great beds but a very small with narrow corridors and low ceilings. No great views from the second floor but NO noise either from either busy Cromwell street or the interior. The hotel's &quot;spa&quot; entrance is of the lobby but it is a long hike through a warren of corridors to the Gym or what management passes off as one. There are two (old) treadmills that basically leave one staring a blank white wall with a TV perched at an awkward angle guaranteed to give one a crick in the neck if viewed when working out. In addition there are two cycles. If you are looking for a work out get there early as the limited machines get taken up quickly. Management proved to be inflexible despite a mistake on their part about holding my room for a 7 am arrival. They sold it and billed as a &quot;no-show&quot; even though reservations had been informed when booking about the need to hold the room for a late arrival. If you are on business and need a room on arrival and are willing to pay for an extra night to make a morning meeting make sure that you have it in writing from them .	
Jan 22 2008 	Nice hotel	The check in was handled efficiently. The room was nice and spacious. Actually, it has a pretty cool shower with 3 nozzles at various levels as well as a bathtub with shower.We had the conciege lounge access. It is not on a separate floor and although it is a pleasant room, more could be done in the way of snacks and food. I expect a Holiday Inn Express offers more for breakfast.The staff were friendly, the concierge was great, and I took a few walks around the hotel and area. It is a bit of a hike to the tube station, but there is a supermarket right across the street. Also, there's a laundromat across the street near the supermarket and away from the hotel a bit. If you want to wash your clothes, you have the chance to do it near this hotel. Yes, I know you can send it out with the hotel to do, but you can buy new clothes for what that costs and it is of little help when you are staying only one night.Anyways, it was a nice hotel and a pleasant experience - but we only stayed one night.	
Jan 5 2008 	Comfortable!	London was our last stay after Paris and Jerusalem. I knew we would be winding down and would need a comfortable place to stay. The reviews I read said this hotel was close to being like an American hotel. I love Europe and &quot;when in Rome...&quot;, but I wanted a comfortable place to end our vacation. This hotel was perfect. Roomy, an excellent location and the famous Marriott bed! The staff was so friendly and helpful; they helped with transportation to the airport as well as giving us excellent directions to tube stations, Starbucks, etc. We went downtown to view the fireworks on New Year's Eve and worried it might be a little crazy getting home afterwards. Not so. This hotel is a bit out of the way and not close to much ( except Harrod's!) but so accessible by the Underground. We will definitely stay here next time we are in London....	
Jan 4 2008 	Decent value for London	I chose this hotel for a very brief London stopover on price and location. At about $300 (London!), it was almost $100 less per night than comparable hotels in town. The hotel itself appeared recently refurrbished, was extremely comfortable and service was excellent. I would have liked free Internet service but the provided breakfasts were ample. The hotel is on Cromwell Rd, a nondescript thoroughfare of no appeal. Biut it is very close to High Kensington and Earl's Court and an easy walk to the tube (Piccadilly line - which is also a straight shot to Heathrow).	
Dec 31 2007 	Nice Stay at the Marriott	The room was very nice spacious and the service was pretty good at this hotel. The concierge suggested some very nice restaurants that were close by. The location was little farther than I expected from Harrods, but it was also windy that made it seem farther. The Sainsbury across the street was very nice to have though. The English breakfast is good and offers a lot if you have it in your rate, but I wouldn't pay £17.50, considering how bad the dollar is right now, for it. I only had a couple complaints. One was the hotel cleaning staff one day did not come to clean the room until five, when we just got back in and we had put the please service sign out that morning. The pull-out matress was very bad. It was very thin and lumpy and the sheets were not very warm and they don't provide a comforter for the pull-out, so I couldn't sleep very well. I would definitely suggest bringing your own warm blanket if you are going to be sleeping on the pull-out and are going in the colder months. The bathroom was bigger than I expected, it actually had a combination shower-bath and a shower on its own. There were some areas of what I thought was mold in the shower area and the ceiling was cracking quite a bit, but that is what happens in many bathrooms. The aromatherapy shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and soap were very nice. I think that I would stay here again.	
Dec 20 2007 	More than adequate great neighborhood	Admittedly, I chose this hotel based on a discount I got through a friend, and based on the location. But I found it to be very comfortable, very clean. I stayed at the Hilton Park Lane last year and thought this hotel was at least as nice. For the typical American traveler, they will probably find the rooms quite small, but you just have to realize that outside of the USA, bigger does not equate with better. Get used to it. The best part was the location of the hotel...minutes to two tube stops (Gloucester Square and Earl's Court), across the street from a Sainsbury's and a few blocks to a Waitrose, walking distance to the V &amp; A, Science Museum, Harrods, and Hyde Park. The worst part was the room service food...absolutely terrible, not to mention overpriced, so avoid it at all costs. I generally don't complain about food, no matter how bland or uninspired, but this was truly awful. And I was served malt vinegar for my chips in a BOWL!!?And watch out for lecherous single men while swimming in the pool alone. Gross.	
Dec 20 2007	Some good and some bad	We stayed here as part of a company Christmas party for one night on Saturday. The hotel is nicely designed in many ways, the foyer glass atrium is a wonder to behold. However the rooms are a slightly strange shape and size, comparitively small with very little room between the end of the double bed and the unit holding the television. Also the rooms were FREEZING when we arrived, hotels usually have some heating on already to make it a more pleasnt arrival.I turned on the heating and that sorted the temperature out after while but the bathroom remained extremely cold all the time. Many of my work colleagues mentioned this as being very strange indeed, even full blast heating and an open bathroom door didn't help much !The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable, in fact I nodded off for an hour before the evening event. The staff seemed very friendly and all in all you can certainly do much worse in this city. lee.wilson@gmail.com	
Aug 28 2007 	Not a smoker...	Just returned from a weekend in London. I wouldn't get over-excited about this hotel. We got a good deal on lastminute.com but I believe when you book through a website at a lower rate then you end up with the inferior rooms. My husband and I are both non-smokers. I particularly hate smoke and no one smokes in my own house so obviously I booked a n/s room. However on arrival I was told that none was available. I was advised to check the room and if we weren't happy room service would come and open the window to freshen it up! What! How would that eliminate years of smoke. As soon as exiting the lift on the 7th floor the stench of smoke was overwhelming and the room even worse. I returned to reception and refused the room. Mysteriously a n/s room was then located, albeit with, I'm guessing, the worst view in the hotel the window only partially opened onto a flat roof and a smelly gutter ran beneath - punishment for being 'difficult' I imagine. Apart from all this the hotel was clean, concierge was excellent and location isn't bad. Didn't eat here at all so can't comment on the food.	
Aug 21 2007 	Very nice hotel	The hotel has a large and spacious reception area and we found all the staff - reception, concierge, at breakfast, and Luigi at the bar - to be friendly and efficient with any query we had. We had booked two inter-connecting rooms - one for my wife and myself and the other for our two teenager sons. As other reviewers have noted, the rooms themselves are small, but we found them to be comfortable and clean. We had no view at all from the rooms.Breakfast was very good and plentiful, and the staff there were again friendly and efficient. We used the internet on the hotel's computer - £3 for 15 minutes.I used the swimming pool and the steam room - they were almost empty. Again the leisure staff was very friendly.No tube station is very close to the hotel. We used both tube stations - Gloucester Road and Earl's Court. We agree with most other reviewers that Earl's Court is closer, but we tended to use Gloucester Road after it was dark. Paul's cafe opposite Gloucester Road tube station is very good for home-made bread and pastries. To sum up, we would certainly use the Marriott Kensington again. It is a modern and very efficient hotel. The only snag we hound was the walking distance to the tube stations. But you get used to this. After all you do a lot of walking in London!	
Aug 16 2007 	Exactly what you would expect from a Marriott	My wife and I stayed here over a weekend in early July. A very pleasant stay - exactly what you would expect from a Marriott. Front desk staff were very efficient, courteous and friendly. Room was small by North American standards but we had more than enough room. The 2nd floor room was very clean, quiet and we had a very good sleep on the queen bed. Breakfast was included with our room rate - very good selection in the buffet. The concierge was friendly and helpful. Things we asked them to reserve for the next day were all there as requested.Convenient location with a huge 24hr Sainsbury grocery store across the street. Earls Court and Gloucester Road tube stations just minutes walk away.This is a business hotel so it can be very pricey hotel on weekdays, but can be very good value on weekends.	
Aug 1 2007 	Very good hotel conveniently located	It was my first time at this hotel; usually I am staying at another property nearby. I was pleasantly surprised with high quality of the service. Reception area is spacious and staff was quick and professional. Room was on smaller side but very clean and bed was very comfortable. I was situated on the first floor so room didn’t have nice view and you have to take few steps up without elevator. Breakfast was good as was choice of food. There is a swimming pool in the hotel (which I dint use it) and small gym adequately equipped. Area around hotel is nice with huge supermarket just across the street that works 24/7. Tube station is very close. I prefer Kensington area as on the one hand it is close to Heathrow airport (cca 30 min ride) and on the other it is centrally located so you can do sightseeing and shopping.All in all it was very good value for money.	
Jul 6 2007 	Extremely nice stay	Stayed June 30 to July 2, 2007Concierge was extremely helpful. Breakfast was included and was delicious. Restaurant staff attentive and brought us coffee and juice and toast before we even asked. Rooms were clean and beds were heavenly. We had a double executive room. It was large and well appointed. There was a grocery store directly acrossed the street that also carries wine/ beer and sundries.Easy access to Earls court eateries, and Gloucester Station.We highly recommend this hotel and thank the staff for a wonderful stay!	
May 23 2007 	Pricey but good location	Stayed during May 6 to 12 with hubby and our 8 mth old baby. Booked using Marriott points and paid for 2 nts via Travelocity. Arrived early and received room as requested, non-smoking with a king bed, away from the elevators, and not facing the street. The Hotel's &quot;Virtual Concierge&quot; contacted me a few days before our arrival to allow us to make any special requests. We didn't receive our crib and the extra towels I had requested. Reminded the front desk at check-in about these items and housekeeping didn't bring them until we had to call them for more towels.The room was clean but smaller than North American standards; minus a few feet between the bed and the desk/dresser/tv. Bathroom was a reasonable size and clean.The front desk staff were friendly. The concierge/door men were not attentive, always looking busy even when we were standing right at the desk waiting to be helped. Sainsbury is across the street (open 24 hrs Mon to Sat) and Waitrose down the street was very convenient for us especially for picking up baby items. Internet cafe and laundry mat down the street. Restaurants near the Hotel, but are pricey or are chains like Ask, Garfunkels, KFC, and Burger King. Paul's patisserie/boulangier is across fron Gloucester Road stn, good for pastries and coffee but expect a wait.Walking distance to V&amp;A and Science museum (15 mins), Harrods and Kensington Palace/Gardens (30 mins - if you walk fast). Very close to Gloucester Road stn, Earls Court is a little further away. Underground is fast and can get you to all the sites quickly, furthest station we went to was Tower Hill (25 mins).I would recommend staying at this hotel, if using points or you get an amazing deal on the room rate and you don't mind taking the Tube to get to the sites. Don't bother eating at the Hotel (expensive) and upgrading to an Exec room (waste of money). Request a room away from the street and make sure you have your &quot;don't disturb&quot; sign out if you're a late sleeper as housekeeping comes around early.	
May 2 2007 	Nice Rooms But Don't Eat Here	Stayed here a couple of times during February 2007. The rooms are typical Marriott standard - good! However, don't bother eating here. The food is bland and expensive.	
Apr 30 2007	Fair value in an expensive city	The hotel has a great location...downtown and museums within easy reach via the tube. Earl's Court tube station is a couple of blocks if you shortcut through the hotel parking lot, and has numerous pubs and restaurants nearby. Do upgrade to the executive level; the included breakfast and use of the executive lounge alone make it worthwhile and the room size upgrade is a big plus for american travelers used to more spacious rooms.	
Apr 15 2007 	Ok	As I planned to visit the museums (especially the wonderful V&amp;A) in South Kensington, I booked the Marriott Kensington (and not the Renaissance Chancery Court where I usually stay when I'm in London). For this the location of the hotel is good, it's a 15 min. walk to the museums and five minutes to the next subway station. For activities more in the city center I wouldn't a chose hotel in this area.The standard rooms are quite small and in standard Marriott style; nothing special. The room I was given first had some noisy ventilation shaft right in front of the window; however I was given a more quiet room immediately. Still walls are quite thin and especially the doors very loud when they shut so it's not a very quiet place. Housekeeping was not good on a couple of details (used washcloth left in bathroom, not all garbage taken, ice bin not cleaned etc.). Nothing dramatic, but very unusual for a Marriott and not really good enough for the price you have to pay.On the positive side there is the very friendly, helpful and competent staff and the good breakfast. And the Sainsbury's supermarket opposite is very convenient.	
Apr 9 2007 	Never Slept Better!	We used points to return to the Marriott Kensington where we stayed three years ago due to its close proximity to where our daughter was living for a study abroad program. We loved our experience then, and we loved it now. I have never seen a cleaner bathroom in a hotel...ever. Nor have I slept in a more comfortable bed. While the first room we were put in was small, it was comfortable(same bed, same immaculate bathroom). When it became available, we were able to move to an Executive King room which was huge by any city hotel standards. We loved our breakfast every morning in the Executive Lounge and loved the small but adequate gym. We never had time to take advantage of the hot tub, pool and steam room, but would have liked to. Another appreciated feature of this property is its wonderful and professional staff. Ron and Lee at the concierge desk went above and beyond to take good care of us. We were extremely comfortable with all aspects of this property including its close proximity to everything we wanted to do. This served as a wonderful base for us for a wonderful week in England. We will be back!	
Apr 9 2007 	A bit out of town but good value	We stayed for two nights over Easter. We had a double room on the ground floor. The reception was smart and modern and we received excellent service throughout our stay. The breakfast, included in the price, was superb, one of the best we've had in a hotel. Overall, this was a great hotel and we would certainly stay here again. It was a bit far from the more central attractions in London, but the bus ride (no.74) meant that we were, at best, half an our away from Oxford Street.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great hotel in a great location	Marriott Kensington turned out to be a great choice...close to everything. The staff was helpful, though not the most knowledgeable we've ever seen. But walking through the parking lot gets you to Earl's Court tube station in a block; much is in walking distance and the rest just a few tube stops away.Upgrade to the executive level; the breakfast and executive lounge are well worth the extra money.	
Mar 21 2007 	Ideal Position	Had an excellent deal on hotel room and upgraded to exec suit which was well worth it as had large sitting area. Lovely clean hotel, didn't use pool etc so can't comment on that. We were going to Earls Court which was just a short walk away (tube station near also!). Ideal location for all we needed to do which included a night in China Town, just a short taxi ride away. Breakfast staff a little slow but on the whole good. Had use of executive lounge with free snacks etc. Would most definately stay in this hotel again, it must be good as the whole Spurs Team were staying also!	
Mar 17 2007 	Not that good	I am sorry, but this hotel is not what you would expect from a Marriott. The rooms, are small and completely ordinary. I stayed at the much cheaper Comfort Inn a little further down the street, two months ago, and it just as nice as this and breakfast included. It was also closer to the tube.This felt more like a weak 3 star hotel than a 4 star.	
Mar 8 2007 	Good value for a weekend in London	We booked this hotel using the Top Secret lists on Lastminute.com and were quite pleased to find it was the Marriott. This doesn't quite reach the high standards of Marriotts in other city centres in the UK - the room was a little smaller and the fitness centre facilities not as good. The pool and surrounding areas were not spotlessly clean and the steam room not working but there was painting work going on. The public spaces in the hotel are quite limited although well furnished. It was an accepable place to stay but would not recommend it for a special occasion.	
Mar 2 2007	Lovely airy hotel	The hotel is a lovely airy and big place, with a large atrium great to relax with a cup of coffee and a book in. The Natural History museum was just a short walk away. The rooms are spacious and the bedding fabulous, lovely sheets and pillows. The staff were welcoming and friendly and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel to my friends and family, in fact I already have!!! Thank you for a lovely stay.	
Feb 4 2007 	Good Business Hotel	I stayed for business and found the room large and the bathroom clean. Breakfast is outrageously expensive. It would be much better to head to Paul's across from the Gloucster tube stop, which is a few blocks away. It was hard to regulate the heat in the room. I would wake up hot in the middle of the night, turn off the heat, then be cold in the AM. The wireless connection is very good. The grocery store is a nice benefit and the location is good.	
Jan 27 2007	Gloomy 	Although this is a GREAT property I wouldn't necessarily recommend staying in the Wintertime because of the gloomy weather and somewhat isolated locale.....the BEST thing is the grocery store right across the street. Maid staff was superb and room service was all right. Did honor our request for early check-in but we did have to wait about 2 hours before a room was ready.	
Jan 23 2007 	Good location big hotel	A big modern, purpose-built hotel, unusual for central London. Staff are efficient, concierge service is excellent, breakfast is great. Rooms are a bit on the small side (but not as bad as many London hotel rooms) and spotlessly clean. The location is good - there's a Sainsbury's across the road and the Gloucester Road tube station is an easy five to ten minute walk away. Pretty much what you'd expect from a Marriott.	
Jan 6 2007 	Great Hotel	Just returned from 4 day stay at the Marriott Kensington. Hotel is in a great location for sightseeing with a tube station just along the road, and taxis usually sit outside. Rooms are a bit smaller than usual Marriott rooms, but usual for London. Rooms are spotless and well kept with everything you need, after all you don't go to London to stay in your room! Can't understand why anyone would have an overheated room, as all rooms have seperate air conditioning. Shower is superb, very powerful. Breakfasts are excellent and eggs are made to order, chef will even make you an omelette if you like. The staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble. Will stay there again.	
Dec 26 2006 	Good Location small hot rooms	This hotel with a good location for seeing the city, lacks the normal Marriott feel. Rooms are small, over heated, but have great bathroom facalities.We called several times about the heat and while they reacted quickly to our complaints they were not able to stop the heat from roasting us. Breakfast included was very nice off the lobby. Great shopping right across the street at Sainsburys with all sorts of English goods available. Right between two tube stops and good bus service.	
Dec 3 2006 	Out of this world	We had a terrific time from the start:1. Pay £50 more and go for the executive room.At 229 per night you get one hell of a large room.Amazing soft beds with amazing pillows.A huge bathroom with 2 showers that we tested simultaneously and they worked perfectly. The main shower has three spouts that really give you a massage as well.Two hand basins and enough towels for Africa.2. Terrific view up Cromwell road from room.3. Exec lounge that provides free non alcoholic drinks all day and up to midnight. Loads of different papers.Honour bar from 5.30pm its up to you to admit what you took!Free healthy breakfast that abounds with great salmon etc and stacks of fresh fruit prepared etc, etc, wonderful other stuff - no fried stuff that is unhealthy. An excellent coffee machine that has about 6 choices of hot drinks.A full selection of teas.In the evening the snacks are very generous - not enough to call it dinner, but enough to satisfy pre theatre hunger.4.The Staff bend over backwards so much that they almost flip.Katie at reception is one of the best we came across in many years. She is a world class winner.The team of concierges are amazing, they do anything for you.We have stayed at many Marriotts in the USA - but this one beats the whole lot. This is what I call world class luxury and service!PLEASE DON'T DROP YOUR STANDARDS!If you have read this far - do not use Gloucester Rd exclusively.If you walk down the car ramp that continues through the building you will come into a street that leads straight into Earl's Court Tube which is 3 min away - about 1/2 the distance to the other tube. On the way there are a few amazing little eateries.	
Nov 29 2006	Worth every cent!	This hotel was a bit pricey, but definitely worth it. Here's why: 1. Very clean room with a (truly) spotless bathroom2. Great supermarket located just across the street (opens late)3. Located in a very nice, safe, and relatively central area of the city4. Located less than a 5-minute walk from Gloucester Road tube station (you couldn't find better proximity)	
Nov 8 2006 	Very pleasant	Booked the hotel for one night whilst we saw a show at the nearby Hammersmith Apollo. This was the second time we'd used this hotel for this purpose, the first time having spent 10mins in another hotel and checking straight out again.We booked on lastminute and paid £140 for the Saturday night, right at the extreme of my budget for one night. However the hotel is in my opinion worth it. The rooms are a decent size, nicely furnished with a decent bathroom. The view we had was not that pleasant, over a small alleyway, but I wasn't booking for a view. The King Size bed was wonderful, comfortable, more pillows (feather, well done Marriott) than you could shake a stick at, and best of all, a duvet - other hotel chains take note, who on Earth uses blankets these days?The bar area was comfortable, but FANTASTICALLY expensive, with a poor selection. We only had the one drink. The room rate we paid didn't include breakfast, but no matter, there's a decent place right opposite the nearby Gloucester Rd tube station that does a lovely breakfast for a reasonable (London) price, and nextdoor to that a fantastic French style Boulangerie. This, combined with the proximity of the excellent Natural History, Science and Victoria and Albert Museums (all now free) makes this hotel an ideal spot for those wanting to see London, but not wanting all the frenetic hassle of the West End, as transport links to Kensington and Chelsea are excellent.Highly reccomended.	
Nov 2 2006 	Good Hotel	This was a nice hotel with a good location. The room was small but very clean. They originally had us in a ground floor room which was not acceptable. You had to walk past a bunch of conference rooms down a dingy hall to a smelly room. After a bit of a wait they were very obliging in giving us a room on a higher floor. The staff in the breakfast room in the morning were very pleasant and friendly and the breakfast was excellent. Although there are hotels closer to tube stops, I would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2006 	Close to the Dinosaurs!	I just returned from an overnight stay at the Marriott Kensington with my 31/2 year old son. My expectation weren't overly high. We only needed a place to rest our heads for the night as our primary reason for being in London was to visit the Science and Natural History museums. We arrived at the hotel at about 1:30 pm and I had reserved the ‘Shop til You Drop’ promotion. This included breakfast and a £30 gift voucher for Harrods. There was a problem with when we checked-in. Our pre-requested room of two beds or a double and a sofa bed had been assigned, but when we tried to check-in the rep said our room had been assigned to another guest. This also seemed to be the same problem for the two guests checking in right before me. Apparently, pre-assigned rooms were being reassigned on a first come, first serve basis - even though check-in was not until 2:00 pm. I was asked to wait while the problem was sorted out and 20 minutes later they were still trying to fix. I told them not to worry as my son still climbs in the bed with me at home now anyway. For my understanding we were sent a couple of bottles of water and three pieces of fruit. Nothing much, but the gesture was worth noting.Our room was very small (336). The smallest of any room I have stayed in Europe. The view from our window was directly into an alley, but it was quiet so I didn’t care. The bed was very comfortable. If you are on an extended stay everything you need is nearby. There is a Sainsbury right across the street and a short walk away is Starbucks, a wonderful patisserie called Paul, etc. The breakfast options were varied, unfortunately the cooked food seemed to be sitting out all day and was not very palatable. I ate a couple of pieces of toast and had a better coffee at Starbucks.The location served us. We were able to walk to all the museums and to Harrods. We actually walked from Victoria Station which took us about 45 minutes. Hyde Park is about a 15 -20 minute walk and Buckingham Palace was about 40 minutes. The fiasco at check-in did not bother me. I did have a bit of a problem with some mildew in the bathroom. See pictures. Though, I would probably not stay here again I can still recommend the Marriott Kensington. I usually stay at the Sofitel St. James, but it was not convenient for this visit to London.	
Oct 28 2006 	Great hotel	My fiance and I stayed two nights at the Marriott Kensington on points and we really enjoyed it. We chose this hotel after consulting reviews here on TripAdvisor, and I have to say that this site was very helpful.It's a clean, modern hotel in a nice neighborhood. It's not a very busy neighborhood, but there are shops and restaurants within walking distance. As others have pointed out, it's about equal walking distance to the Gloucster Rd and Earl's Court tube stops, about 5-10 minutes. After trying both, we decided we liked the walk to the Earl's Court stop better as you go down a quaint neighborhood street with a couple of pubs and sidewalk restaurants. From the Earl's Court station, you can get pretty much anywhere in London in a reasonable amount of time.The room was on the small side, but this wasn't a big issue as we spent most of our time seeing the sites in the city. The bathroom was not spectacular, but it was decent. A pretty standard Marriott setup. A note of caution, this was my first experience with an automated mini-bar. Before you start moving stuff around in the mini-fridge to store drinks you buy at the market across the street, notify someone. We had to get someone from the front desk to verify that we hadn't removed anything from the mini-bar. If not, we would have been charged 50 pounds for items we didn't use.The concierge lounge is one of the nicest that I have seen at any Marriott, and it was open every day from morning til night if I'm not mistaken. We took advantage of their breakfast offerings every morning. It wasn't a huge breakfast. It was continental style with muffins, pastries, and cereal, and it also had eggs and bacon. My fiance enjoyed their coffee, and I was big fan of the tea offerings.Overall, it's a great hotel to stay at. It's not a five star property, but it's a comfortable, clean hotel in a decent location. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2006 	Loved the location	Arrived from the airport around 9:00 am, concierge immediately took our luggage to store. Front desk told us there were no rooms ready yet but she would have one ready for us by noon. We expected this anyway and thought noon was better than the normal check in time of 2:00 so we were happy. we had a street map with us from Fodor's and I had studied it for weeks so we felt very comfortable with area immediately. also, had lots of info from talfers, thanks! We are in our 40's and have traveled extensively but never to Europe. We stayed at the Marriott with our points so it was totally free but those points took a long time to earn and i did a lot of research before picking this hotel. Great choice! Very nice rooms, queen bed (even though their website would only guarantee us a double bed), very clean, very quiet lobby while we were there, restaurant and bar were never busy. we did not use any hotel services in the two days because we were either being tourist or sleeping. Used Sainsbury mkt across the street both days...lots of grab and go foods available there and an ATM in the store. We were much happier with this location than the fancier HIlton on Park Lane that we moved to for the rest of the week.Gloucester Rd and Earls Court tube stop were both very convenient, we tried both and found a nice pub (earls court tavern) and a good Indian restaurant (Marsala Zone) near the Earls court tube stop which is a busy neighborhood area.We would stay here again and it was an easy tube ride from Heathrow with no problems taking luggage.	
Oct 14 2006	OK	Just back from a 12 night stay for business. Overall, it was fine - not amazing - but fine. The room was rather small - not sure what I expected but it wasn't huge. Smaller than Marriott rooms in the US. Closet had a strange, bad, smell. Bathroom was updated, but small too. Over the course of the twelve nights, service was generally OK but some minor problems that were kind of annoying - turndown service missed a few times, housekeeping not doing a full job every time, etc. The location is fine - about a 1/2 hr Tube ride to the City plus a 10 min. walk to the Tube stop. There are laundry and grocery stores nearby. The breakfast options are very good - full meal or just a coffee bar. As I was checking out, they tried to charge me 1.5 GBP ($3) per day for the mini USA Today. I thought this was unreasonable - they never mentioned a charge when they asked if I wanted one. They ended up taking it off the bill (which was quite large for 12 nights!) but only after an argument. Also, when I checked in, they had my reservation wrong - only had me down for 1 night - despite being completely accurate on Marriott's website. Overall, I thought it was OK. Don't think I'd stay here again though. Would rather try some place else next time.	
Oct 10 2006 	Great Stay Excellent location	Just got back from 2 day stay in this hotel . Everything was excellent. Only slight gripe was that at breakfast on Sunday there was a queue a mile long and we were put in &quot;internet corner&quot; not in the restaurant and then got slightly overlooked. But everything else was fine -lovely leisure club. Would def stay here again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Excellent hotel	Excellent value. We booked a one night stay. Expedia got us a Sunday night stayover deal that included a Harrod's gift certificate worht 50 pounds and a free breakfast at the hotel. We used the gift at Harrod's without difficulty Sunday afternoon. (The pizza restaurant at Harrod's was slow to debit the card because the accounting who needed to verify it only had one person working on Sunday afternoon. The manager was quite apologetic about the delay.) Checkin at the hotel was very easy. The staff was very friendly and very helpful, obviously wanting to help with whatever we wanted. The conceirge was pretty busy as well, but very nice and effecient was our luggage. The room was good sized specially by London standards. We had queen sized bed in a room that was large enough to easily walk around in even with luggage and backpacks. The furniture was in excellent condition, looked fairly new and contemporary, and the bed was very comfortable. The only downside is that there was no wastebasket in the bathroom. The hotel staff did seem a bit short handed, perhaps because it was early Sunday afternoon when we checked in. There was only employee at the reception desk when we got there and, as I mentioned, the conceirge was alst quite busy with guests. All in all, the hotel is an excellent value and only about a 5 minute walk up Gloucester Road from the Gloucester tube stop.	
Aug 29 2006 	Met expectations	The hotel was as expected, per the reviews I read. The room was upgraded for me because I arrived early (about 10:30AM), and it was the only one ready. The staff was very accomodating. The location was a pleasant 6-7 minute walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop (District, Circle, Picadilly lines).Nice health club and pool. Full breakfast was included, and I got a 100 pound voucher for a future Marriott European stay. The room was pricey, about $250 per night.	
Aug 24 2006 	Unpleasant is an understatement for this hotel	Reading previous reviewers' comments, we were excited to check in to the London Kensington Marriott in July for three days. As Marriott Reward members, we had stayed in Marriott hotels in the US and Europe many times and were acquainted with the normally excellent value and locations. But we were shocked to find the London Kensington to be the exception. Let me preface my remarks by stating that we reserved the room (a king, nonsmoking) months ahead , had confirmed the reservation a number of times, and were told we would receive a full English Breakfast each morning with our rate.  . When we got to the hotel (after reconfirming our room that morning), we were told that our room was not available because the person who had the room the night before had requested to extend his/her stay and our room was no longer available. The reservationist offered us a queen bed in smoking. We refused. She then told us she could put us in another Marriott in London if there was availability. We again refused, but requested to speak to a manager. To make a long story short, we were finally given a king size bed in nonsmoking (which suddenly became available) with NO Air conditioning (in the middle of one of London's heat waves). We were moved the next day to a room with windows and a king bed with air conditioning, but the odor of soiled diapers permeated the room to such a degree that it became nauseous to stay in for any length of time. (This despite, the comfortable bed, linens, and lovely bathroom.) To make matters worse, we were told we were not to have the &quot;full English breakfast&quot; , but would have to eat in the &quot;executive lounge&quot;, where the breakfast consisted of cold eggs, stale pastries, deli meat, and below par cheese,We had looked forward to a previous reviewer's photo perfect breakfast, but found the price to be exorbitant, to say the least!We were only too glad to check out when we did and travel on to our next Marriott in Inverness, Scotland, which was a delight in all respects. This is our first review of a hotel and we realize it reads the opposite of all the others. But beware, because I honestly believe that this unpleasantness can happen again to someone else. Mina from Virginia, US	
Jul 10 2006 	Excellent Location Good Value	I stayed at the Marriott Hotel Kensington for 2 Nights in July 2006. This was a business trip, and the hotel is well suited for meetings both in &quot;downtown&quot; areas of London or out the M4. With the quick Tube access it is easy to get to Waterloo or Paddington Train Stations.The rooms were very clean, with the upgraded beds.The staff was friendly, although they seemed to at a loss when asked for dining options outiside the hotel. The pool and gym are both very nice, althought. As with most things in London, expect things to be a little smaller than in the US.	
Jun 6 2006	Wonderful stay at the Marriott Kensington	Our family of four (including mom, dad, and two teenage daughters) stayed for four nights at the Marriott Kensington. Spacious room, large bathroom, and most importantly, very clean. The staff was helpful, the executive lounge was a huge help for a quick breakfast and a light evening snack. It is about a five minute walk to the metro station, but the streets are safe and well-lit. I highly recommend this for a family travelling in London!!!	
May 21 2006	Excellent Hotel	We stayed here for one night and our room was spacious, with a really comfortable bed.The bathroom was large with a bath and shower and a good selection of toiletries.The health club was fantastic, the member of staff on duty was really helpful and let us walk round the facilities before we decided to use them. There is a swimming pool, spa bath, sauna and steam room. We didnt bother going out in the evening and just relaxed in there.Check in/out was no hassle and the concierge looked after our bags whilst we did some more exploring/shopping before going home.Would stay here again if we got a good deal again!	
May 18 2006	Excellent London Base	My husband and I stayed here on the first night of our 30th anniversary 2 week tour of Great Britain. Having visited London 5 years earlier, we were aware that the size and quality of hotel rooms in London was variable, so we really didn't know what to expect. We were very favorably impressed with this property compared to our experience 5 years earlier. We arrived late morning on a Saturday after our overnight flight; our room was not yet ready, but the concierge cheerfully held our bags while we went out for lunch. When we got back and saw our room, I was wishing we could stay a little longer.The room was spacious by London standards. One of the strongest points in its favor is that, having opened April 2003, everything is still in perfect condition, not rundown from use as some London hotel rooms can be. The bed was up to the Marriot standards of sink-down comfort and quality, and the bath tub and shower were one of the best I've seen, having an oversized tub for someone to take a real bath in and a handheld shower attachment for rinsing with (again, in brand new condition.) I would recommend signing up for the full English breakfast, as they had one of the better breakfasts of our stay (see photos.) It had a continental breakfast section with quite a variety of meats, cheeses and fruits, and the hot buffet had an excellent variety of meats, eggs and accompaniments. A large Sainsbury grocery store is right across the street, which is VERY helpful when needed. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop; the key thing about this is that it is a major tube stop from which you can access the Circle, District and Picadilly lines, which will get you just about anywhere with a minimum of line switches. The Picadilly line goes straight to Heathrow and the theater district, so you could actually fly in at Heathrow, hop straight on the Picadilly line, and have a short walk with your luggage straight to the hotel. We actually did this in reverse, for the next morning we got a car at Heathrow to head out of town. Very convenient. I would definitely use this hotel for a London base again in the future. Check their website for deals on 2 or more nights. The website compared favorably with others, and the cancellation policy is good in case you need to change your plans (which we did with no problem.) Knowing how dicey it can be to get a decent quality room in London without paying through the nose and tripping over each other constantly once you get there, I can definitely recommend this property as a sure bet for staying in London.	
May 14 2006	Great hotel great location	Great stay at an excellent location. We were looking for a reasonably inexpensive hotel in a location that would allow easy access to both the airport and the city center. It's within walking distance of two underground tube stops and the surrounding area is nice too. The room was standard Marriott - clean, comfortable, and with all the necessary amenities. The staff was delightfully courteous. There's nothing more I would have asked for!	
May 5 2006	Great Hotel in a FANTASTIC Location	The Marriott Kensington is a very nice hotel and the rooms are HUGE by European standards! The bathrooms are impeccably clean, modern, and large. The complimentary supplied bath products were also top quality. Best of all, you could open your window at night and hear NOTHING! Believe me, this is an awesome feature for any hotel in London.The lobby and common areas were nicely furnished and the flower arrangements were spectacular. The breakfast buffet in the hotel restaurant was very good and the staff was very attentive. Kensington is our favorite part of London - many cafes and fantastic parks. We absolutely love the area and thoroughly enjoyed walking the beautiful neighborhoods. The architecture and the gardens in this part of town are unbeatable. Bring comfortable walking shoes, because if you don't explore the neighborhoods - you are missing some hidden gems that make London such a wonderful city.The Marriott is an easy 3 block walk from the Gloucester Road Tube Stop. Earl's Court is 5 minutes in the other direction. We walked at all hours of the day and felt VERY safe. We also enjoyed the wonderful array of restuarants - all within a five minute walk of the Marriott. You can reach any part of London from this part of Kensington - Gloucester Road is served by three Tube lines and all the majore sites are within a 15 minute ride.We would heartily recommend the Marriott Kensington. The staff at the hotel helped make our 3rd visit to London the best, yet! We will definitely stay at the Marriott Kensington on our next trip to this beautiful city.	
May 2 2006 	Great hotel wonderful location	Just returned from a 3-night stay with my parents and were very impressed - good even by Marriott standards. Rooms were the usual smaller 'London-size', but were well maintained and spotlessly clean. All the staff we came into contact with were courteous and professional.The location is very good in its own right, but also reprersents great value versus hotels absolutely right in the centre. Gloucester Road tube was closest at 3 mins walk followed by Earls Court at 5 mins - and these allow you to get to wherever you want to go in minutes. Instead of always jumping on the tube however we took time to explore the delightful neighbourhoods of Kensington and Chelsea on foot from the hotel.These picture-perfect streets of townhouses with beautifully manicured gardens were lovely to see, and there were hidden delights to look for around many corners - cobbled mews through stone archways, back alleys with 'hidden' cafes or pubs, and of course the main thoroughfares of High St Kensignton, Brompton and Kings Roads with their unique boutique shops and trendy cafes - great for people-watching.Cannot recommend this place enough. I used to live in London so know the city well - and I'll definately come here again next time.	
Apr 9 2006	Consistently Marriott	Our stay at this hotel was expectedly pleasant. The staff was coridal and pleasant with each encounter, and helped us resolve a mini-bar issue (do not rearrange items in the mini-bar as you will be billed automatically for anything that is moved!) Interior noise was nominal. The bed was not the standard Jamison Bed found in North American Marriott Hotels, but it was quite comfortable nonetheless. The leisure club was clean and contained well maintained equipment. To sum it up, this is a full-service hotel with a slightly less than full-service price that will satisfy all but the most cantankerous travellers.	
Mar 20 2006	Excellent Hotel	Stayed at the Marriott Kensington from March 15 to the 19th 2006. I was influenced by both the Trip Advisor reviews, location, plus had lost out on other nearby hotels (didn't reserve in time). After getting over the sticker shock (in London generally though), this was an excellent place to stay. We were 2 adults and 2 children staying in an executive room with 2 double beds and a sofa bed. Room was outstanding in terms of appearence and cleanliness, so was the bathroon (2 showers...very convenient). Staff was extremely helpful and accomodating from the check-in, to the concierge who recommended some restaurants on our first night, to the executive lounge room, where we had breakfast (included, and quite good). Location is very good, 5 minutes from the Gloucester Street Tube station, and about 10 minutes to the Natural History/Science/Victora and Albert Museums. Supermarket across the street. My only criticism is that for an executive suite prices the least they could have provided was free WiFi and local calls, or at least in the executive lounge. Would likely stay there again	
Mar 6 2006 	Great value and service	Stayed at the Marriott on Feb 25 and 26. I have been to London many times and always have a hard time to find a good 3-3.5 star hotel at a good price. Well I found it. I had a price of 74GBP on Expedia and found the location to be perfect for my business purposes. Easy access by the undergound although with the work currently happening on the Picadilly line I had to take the Heathrow Express (at the underground price) to Paddington and transfer to Earls Court. I do not need to add anything else about the hotel that has not been said in other good reviews. The room by London standards is a good size and clean. I will mention that some reviews comment on the staff not speaking good English. If you take the time to speak with them, which I did, you will find out that the majority work there from other countries in order to learn or improve their English skills, which I find great. Let's give them a chance. Overall I had a great service and a good restaurant recommendations. This is my new home in London when I return	
Jan 6 2006	Great Stay in Kensington	We stayed in this hotel for a few days before Christmas and were very pleased with the location, and room amenities. Within walking distance of all the free museums, and the Tube. Very clean room, and impressed that the bathroom wasn't typical of most 'European' ones. There were plenty of toiletries and towels! We would stay here again! Only complaint is that English is not the first language of most of the employees. Front desk, etc. personnel had trouble understanding us.	
Nov 21 2005	Highly recommend!	First, it's a Marriott. So you know (to at least a certain degree) what you are going to get. As stated in other reviews, the beds are great. It actually was the highlight for us since we only could stay for one night (in London). The huge market across the street is a great way to lessen the blow of the GBP vs. USD exchange rate. We bought snacks, water, etc. and saved quite a bit compared to hotel charges. We booked it for a weekend on Marriott's own website and rec'd a weekend special for 125GBP which included a free buffett breakfast that was very good. Actually, the eating area offers a decent street view of the traffic and local buildings via huge windows. Check-in was smooth as well as Check-out. The only drawback was getting to it from Heathrow. A one-way cab ride runs about 40-45 quid (i.e. $80-$90 USD) tip not included. You can take a train, but keep in mind of the stairs/escalators. We had quite a bit of luggage and simply found it too cumbersome to give the train a whirl. If you take the LHR Express to Paddington, we were told it would be an additional 10 quid to take a cab to the hotel. So, if there are two or more of you travelling at 14 quid for the train plus the taxi, you can do the math. You are fairly close a cab offering door to door service. Obviously, this drawback is not particular just to this hotel, but any in the area. It is about 4-5 stop from Picadilly and that suited us just fine as the crowds can be bit exhausting. Overall, I would happily stay there again (and probably will).	
Oct 5 2005	Simply excellent!!	Although this hotel may be a bit far out from some of the main London attractions, it is definitely worth a stay. There are two metro stations within easy walking distance (one on the district line, the other the circle line) that make a trip to any of the sites very easy. If you purchase a day travel metropass after 9:30 am, it is only 4.70 pounds and allows you to ride all day within zone 0 and 1 (which is where all the sites are). Well worth it. The hotel staff was top notch. Very friendly and very helpful. The room was great and clean. And since this used to be a different hotel and Marriott purchased it, everything seems to be newer. Especially the beds which are crazy comfortable. They are the new Marriott beds that are more comfy that the one you have at home. Also, since I am a Marriott elite member from many stays on business, we were granted access to the executive lounge. Unlike a lot of Marriotts in the states where the lounge is only open certain hours, this one was open from 6am to midnight. Very convenient when you get in late after a long day of sight-seeing and just want to grab a soda. However, unlike some Marriotts in the states, the alcohol during happy hour will cost you.	
Sep 13 2005	Wonderful Week	As is typical of Marriott hotels, everything was spotlessly clean and the furniture and decor looked quite new. There's a super market across the street and the tube is only 5 blocks away. There were plenty of food places around, plus ATMs and exchange facilities.I loved the fact that our flight arrived much too early and seeing as our room was not yet ready, we were invited to shower and change in the gym facilities. They kept our luggage as well and could therefore enjoy our first day thoroughly. Service at the breakfast buffet was wonderful and I must say their breakfast was the best meal I had during my whole London stay. Food everywhere is bland and expensive, but their English Breakfast was absolutely scrumptious. My husband still asks me to make him pseudo-English breakfasts on Sundays!	
Aug 12 2005	Good value	At GBP109/Night with breakfast and premium pounds offer, it was of good value in London.Like everebody else, liked having a Sainsbury right in front, a laundry shop that offered serviced wash for GBP5 only (may vary depending on the volume of your laundry), short walks to Glocester road station, easy access to Heathrow by car.Room facing the atrium doesn't have any window, and my particular room had some constant humming noise probably from the air ducts. I've asked for a switch immediately, and the new room facing a small street with opening window was much much better.Sauna and steam rooms are complementary to guests and was okay but swimming pool was too small for any real exercise.	
Aug 6 2005	Nice hotel good value for London	We enjoyed our stay at this typical Marriott hotel. We booked using our AAA discount and got a very reasonable rate (109 pounds + VAT). Friendly housekeeping staff did a great job cleaning our room. Courteous reception staff on check-in. Good security made us feel safe (expect to hand over your luggage to have it searched when you walk in the front door). Our room was spotless with good lighting and attractive furnishings showing very little wear and tear. Our room had a window that could be opened, and fine air conditioning/fan controls. Our bathroom was modern, well lit, with good water pressure. Nice large tv with cable. Our room was probably a standard size for Europe, but quite a bit smaller than we are accustomed to in the US. The minibar is very expensive - but a fully stocked Sainsbury's grocery store is across the street (there's a Starbucks inside it). Skip the hotel breakfast at 16.95 pounds sterling, per person. Gloucester Road which has several small cafes with delicious coffee and pastries for a more reasonable price, is a short walk up Cromwell and you'll have to go there anyhow to catch the Tube. We walked to Westminster Pier from this hotel but it takes about an hour on foot, so bring good walking shoes or plan on taking the Tube or Taxi.	
Jun 25 2005	very pleased with Marriott	My husband and I just returned from our stay at the Marriott in Kensington, London. Overall , we were very pleased with the hotel. We booked tours two of the days we were there and were picked up dropped off within five minutes walking distance of our hotel by the tour agencies. The tube station is also within five minutes walking distance as well as many restaurants. We were not that impressed with the meal selections or prices offered at the hotel so we ventured out and found a nice variety of restaurants in the immediate area. There is an Italian restaurant on the corner across from the tube station that is so good. If you go, please try the lobster and shrimp spaghetti. There is a grocery store right across the street so save money and don't use any of the items in the mini bar. The hotel was very clean and the room was a nice size. The only problem we had was when the refrigerator stopped working one night. Room service then gave us a free large bottle of cold water to get us through the evening and the refrigerator was fixed the next day. Please feel free to e-mail me if you have any question about anything as we tried our best to do everything and we managed to do a lot.	
May 16 2005 	Brilliant!!!	I stayed at this hotel in February 2005. This hotel is one of the best in London. The only downfall is its location. Unless you want to go to Earls Court there is little else to do around the area. The nearest tube is either Gloucester Road or Earls Court. The hotel is great - loved the duvet on the beds! Brilliant breakfast, great bar and lovely swimming pool. Couldnt faulf the hotel. Reception staff were brilliant and really helpful!A credit to marriott hotels.	
Apr 4 2005	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights over easter weekend.Rooms were really lovely. In our original room you could hear the generator so we spoke to reception who moved us to a junior suite with two king size beds. Whilst our original room was great, this room was something else! We were also entitled to access to the executive lounge with complimentary drinks and snacks all day. Pool was clean and generally quiet. We have stayed at other London hotels over the past few years often with the big names (Hilton, Thistle etc) but we were all in agreement that this hotel would be the one we would book again. You will not be disappointed.	
Mar 23 2005	Great hotel can b pricey	The Marriott Kensington, Formerly Swallow International, has been refurbished since 2003, so everything is in excellent shape. It is on the underground line direct to Heathrow. Underground stop (Earl's Court) is just a block away, is handicapped accessible (which means easy for heavy luggage, too) so you can save over $50 by avoiding a taxi. Its also just 2 blocks from the Gloucester RD underground, and has a major supermarket across the street. So a great location for London.I stayed using Marriott points, and got a very large executive level room, that was on a corner (#710) which was very quiet. Also, with a feather bed and down pillows, a very comfortable hotel. It also had a separate shower from bath, one with multiple shower heads - which was a treat. (I might expect that on non-executive floors, or perhaps other rooms, this might not be the case)The only complaints were the prices for telephone and foods. Telephone was over a pound for a local call, with hefty per minute charges too. An English breakfast in the restaurant was $30, so I woudln't recommend that. Happily, I am eligible for the executive lounge, which had a fine continental breakfast, and light foods and desserts in the evening which was just fine for me. The staff met all my requests, except the minibar was not working and was never fixed over the two days I was there. In any case, if the pricing works for you, this should be a very enjoyable experience.	
Feb 13 2005	Loved it!	My wife and I stayed in the Kensington Marriott for four days Feb to Mar 2004. And then for four days in the Renaissance Royal Chancery Court at over twice the price. We had planned to save the best for last but found we missed the Kensington Marriott despite having a larger room and running into celebs in the Renaissance's gym. The room is smallish and the public areas just o.k but we loved the gym and the pool. We've been to nicer pools at hotels but this one was indoors and fun, we met a lot of great people at the pool and got some tips from locals just staying the weekend. The area is the best, best Donner Kebab at Star Kebab near the Earl's Court tube stop after a night of pub crawling and the area is very safe and quaint. We've been to a number of Marriott properties and while the Kensington isn't Marriott's best it grows on you. The grocery store across the street is great for snacks and brought the kids back some U.K. easter candy. This was purely a leisure trip, we are a late thirties couple from California, it was my first trip to London but my wife went to college there and lived in Kensington while going to school so perhaps we favored the area. It is not a destination resort but for a nice clean room at a fair price in a great location it can't be beat. You are in london, get your butt out the room and get to a play, museum or pub(s). 	
Feb 9 2005	Great place to stay in Kensington	Stayed in this hotel Jan 24-29, 2005. Had a very good experience. Room was large, plenty of hot water, no problems with water pressure, and despite being right on a busy road was very quiet. We took the recommendation of some of the other reviewers and booked an executive level room. The continental breakfast that is included is very nice as was the ability to get a soda or water during the day. This was the first hotel we stayed in where there was space specifically left for the guest in the minibar-a very nice touch! The concierge was quite helpful arranging a cab for an early morning departure. All in all we had a pleasant experience and will definitely stay at this hotel again. 	
Nov 10 2004	GREAT HOTEL	I recently had the pleasure of spending 3 nights at the Marriott Kensington. I found the hotel to be in a great location ( 5 mins from tube). The hotel is beautiful and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. Our room was lovely and very spacious. There are plenty of choices for dining in the area. There is also a store across the road as well a laundry mat for your convience. I would not hesitate to return or recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 18 2004	Hated the London Marriott Hotel Kensington	My wife had a 2 week business trip and asked me to join her for a week in the middle of the 2 weeks. First the positive.... it was extremely clean, there is a grocery store and laundramat across the street, and it is a convenient location. But the air conditioner broke down a few days after my wife arrived and windows only open an inch or 2. They had a bunch of plumbers running around supposedly fixing the ac and the water leaks in all the halls, but after I was there a few days, it was obvious to me that they were making all the new leaks on purpose to create more work for themselves. When I figured it out one night, I told the hotel help but no one told the management and I had to show hotel management what was going on the next day. Plumbers dissappeared for a few days but still no ac. AC still not working by end of my wife's trip but fortunately London cooled off. Mattress was awful and we did not get one decent night sleep. Mini-bar prices are always expensive but 5 pounds of a 12 ounce cola???? You've got to be kidding. Finally, there was a constant high pitch sound in the room. Eventually I figured out it was the Phillips TV which had a background whine when turned off with the remote. Could be eliminated by turning it off completely at the tv. By the way, if you want to check the mattress it was room 022.	
Jun 24 2004 	Thanks to Marriott		
Jun 5 2004	Great Hotel great rates		
May 12 2004	Loved the Marriot Kensington		
Mar 15 2004 	Marriott Kensington was very good		
Feb 12 2004	Wonderful experience!		
Feb 10 2004	Great Hotel - worth the 4 stars		
Jan 13 2004	Marriott going downhill		
Dec 3 2003	nice locastion and great service!		
Sep 15 2003	Check this place out!		
Oct 9 2009 	Location ideale a Londra		
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent		
Feb 3 2009 	très bel hotel		
