	Nice hotel friendly staff	We stayed at this hotel over the weekend for one night and the Docklands is like a ghost town over the weekend, unless there is an event going on at excel. We used this hotel as we were going to see Disney on Ice at the O2. Be careful to check the tubes and DLR at the weekend though, as it is a bit out of the way. We got the DLR from Tower Hill, straight to Royal Victoria. Nice hotel, very modern and new feeling. Swimming pool was very nice and had a relaxing feeling. We didn't eat in the hotel, we went to an Italian restaurant near to excel, five minutes around the corner. There is also a shop along the road that sells water, drinks snacks etc. The staff seemed very nice and friendly on reception. Our room was very large and had one large king size bed and a large sofa bed for my 3 year old. It looks like the rooms have been refurbished recently. All in all we had a nice stay, but I must admit we didn't pay much for the room, so we really couldn't complain, at £60 a night!	
	**** Star Hotel ****prices * service.	Stayed in the Crowne Plaza where we had an Xmas party. Parking was a nightmare. Pointed in the direction of the hotel car park that had only 40 parking spaces for residents when the hotel is far bigger. Had to run into reception to get a code in order to get the barriers to lift with cars parked up behind us. Not a great start to the night. Ended up going to an EXCEL car park and was billed £18 for the night. Food and Service at the party was excellent. However if you want a rest you won't get it here. We had a room overlooking the car park and a door leading into the next room where we could hear everything. The couple next door kept us awake for two hours, and in the end we had to resort to phoning front desk. Something I've never had to do.To the credit of the management, the matter was dealt with immediately.Breakfast was rushed. We got there in plenty of time before it was going to close, but all the cereal had gone and hadn't been replenished. We were shown to our table, and that was it. I had to ask a waitress for tea, and then when I couldn't find a toaster, some toast. This is a standard request in every other hotel I've ever been to. Everyone was hunting around for milk, sugar, butter. It was totally disorganised. One guest had boiling tea knocked over her when she clashed with a rather rushed waiter.Returned from breakfast to see the checking out queue stretching to the lifts. Resorted to organising our check out for 1pm to miss the rush. If the Xmas do is held here again next year, we'll take a taxi home. Really not worth the aggro. Could be so much better with more staff in key places such as reception and the restaurant.	
Nov 19 2009 	Could take some classes on service	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during a conference at Excel Center. Easy three minute walk to the venue with nice men in golf carts awaiting our need to quickly make our way the street. Hotel was extra clean, modern and very comfortable. Large room had stocked mini bar and there is a convenience store next door in case you don't want to spend the extra money. Almost all good things to say about this hotel except one of the most important necessities - SERVICE....they bar and restaurant served good food and drink if you could get it. The staff was clearly overwhelmed despite the fact that they are in the convention business and knew there was huge event going on. Ordered room service just to get called back three times to tell me what I had ordered wasn't available. Gym was well equipped but crowded in the mornings as it is shared with an apartment tower close by. Only two elevators serving at least 6 floors was clearly not enough. Lower rating for me as I think a hotel this size, brand and location could do better. There is nothing in the Docklands to do for night time entertainment that I could see. Try going to Greenwich for a little more culture. Caribbean Scene restaurant across the street from the hotel was a nice suprise and a well needed change of scenary. There is a private car service under the stairwell on property that does a great job and will allow you to use your credit card with the hotel for payment - what a lifesaver as I was travelling with very little cash and learned that many London taxi's don't take American Express. Not a bad hotel and I will consider staying for the same event next year. I'll just know not to expect much from the slow, uncaring, unfriendly food and beverage staff.	
Nov 14 2009 	excellent birthday gift	I went to the crowne plaza to celebrate my boyfriends 25th birthday. The room was very clean and the service was excellent. room service brought me up a wine cooler which i could put the champagne i had bought him in. I'd have to say the care park was expensive considering you already have to pay a fair amount for the room. But other than that no complaints!! Very nice hotel, situated very close to Royal Victoria station and easy to get to the o2. the room had a beautiful view of the docks and the o2. Very romantic!	
Nov 7 2009 	Excellent service and room overlooking 02 Arena... Magic!	Booked 8pm the night before and got a good deal.Check in was effortless and all staff were polite.Room service efficient and a very comfortable bed.Our room looked over towards the O2 Arena and a few minutes walk to the Excel centre.Bathroom a little small, but excellent power shower....Would definately come back!	
Oct 29 2009 	Good value for the price	I stayed 2 nights at the Crowne Plaza, it was perfectly fine for a business trip. The DLR station is about 3-5 minutes walk away. It's a quiet neighbourhood I would say, eventhough the hotel was quite busy due to the gymnastic championship which took place at the O2 Arena. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Check-in procudures take longer though than at other hotels I would say. Breakfast buffet was excellent. The Spa area was alright as well. Overall, I would definately stay there again, especially the rates are quite reasonable for this kind of hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	Generally Good	The location of this hotel near to the Excel centre is good. Unfortunately, I had to attend meetings in central London, for which this hotel is poorly sited. The nearest station is Royal Victoria, which is one stop inside zone 3, an unfortunate location if you need to travel into London.The room I was given was good; the bed was certainly comfortable and the bathroom was good. There was, however, no wifi access from the room. One slight niggle is that the remote for the TV had a missing battery - you'd have thought room service could have checked this!Food at the hotel is not good, basically a carvery and grill offering only a limited choice at the usual high prices. Being a carvery and grill there was very little to suit vegetarians. To make matters worse the area is not exactly well endowed with restuarants locally, though there is a Caribbean restaurant nearby.I did not get the chance to sample the gym, pool and spa at the hotel, all of which looked good and some were free of charge for guests.I did obtain a good deal on the price of the stay at this hotel and that did go some way to off setting the cost of travel into London. The hotel seems good for the Excel Centre and London City airport but not for much else.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very pleasant stay - great rooms and friendly efficient staff.	Excellent room with the comfiest bed i've slept in for a long time. Also, the room service cooked breakfast was the tastiest i've ever had in a hotel ! The room was very peaceful, apart fom the occasional slight aircraft noise, and with effective blackout curtains. Wide range of tv channels and internet access. Staff very friendly and efficient - particularly polite and efficient on reception, and particularly friendly in the bar/restaurant.	
Oct 2 2009 	Excellent Experience	Not sure what all the moaners are on about! We arrived early afternoon for a stay, prior to a concert at the O2, not realising we had stayed here previously when it was owned by Holiday Inn. The decor seemed little changed, but in very good condition. Check-in was a doddle and well handled by the friendly staff, (by the way, his recommendation of the house burger was accurate!). Room was spotlessly clean and well prepared, with all elements working perfectly - no irritating need for calls to reception for broken or missing items! Breakfast was among the best presented (and perfectly cooked) that we have encountered at ANY hotel in the world, including top end cruises and hotels. The one weakness was the coffee/tea/toast service which was below par - meal was almost completed before we got any, and we had to ask for it.All in all, a really good choice for a mid-range hotel when visiting the O2. ( Connection to the O2 is simple - 2 stops with one change, and takes only around 20/25 minutes each way)	
Sep 27 2009 	Lovely hotel in lovely location ideal for the O2 arena.	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza as we were supporting a runner who was participating in the London half marathon at the O2 arena. In terms of needing to be near the O2 the hotel was in a great location, but in terms of central London it was quite a way out and took about 20 mins to get there. Not helped by the engineering works on the DLR although the hotel was within walking distance of the station. The room was very spacious and clean and we had an amazing view of Canary Wharf. We ate in the restaurant which was disappointing, however giving the staff the benefit of the doubt they had catered a wedding that day. The staff were unorganised which meant we weren't happy paying the 12.5% service charge added to the bill. Food was average given the prices. However overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay again. In terms of value we had an absolute bargain from lastminute.com. Keep an eye out!	
Sep 26 2009 	Not great!	Arrived mid afternoon and had to queue for about 20 minutes to check in. Eventually got to my room to discover the key wouldn't work. I returned to reception where I got the impression they thought I didn't know how the key card worked. So, I returned to the room with a member of staff to discover the key didn't work! Rather than using a master key (there was a member of the cleaning staff there) he left me standing at the door while he went to get the key sorted. I had to stand there for another 10 minutes for him to return. Therefore I reckon it was about 40 minutes between walking into the hotel to getting into my room! Breakfast the following morning was ok. Coffee was a bit scarce and finding a clean bowl was a bit difficult also. Otherwise the hotel was a standard business hotel.	
Sep 16 2009 	Not going back!!!	Although the location id brill, 2min walk to DLR and overall good sized rooms, the hotel is very badly managed. We were being sent from one member of staff to another for about 40 mins just to get some extra sachets of sugar and milk and still ended up going to the shop nearby and buying some!!!! Staff have a horrible attitude, especially the pool girl, the night staff didnt even speak english. Better value at Express by Holiday Inn (honest).	
Aug 24 2009 	Dissapointed!	The room was not ready for 2pm check in, it was probably nearer 2:30 before we managed to get to our room.The rooms were clean, modern and very comfortable otherwise.The mini bar inventory was short having not been refilled correctly which I felt necessary to mention to front desk (would of incurred an additional £7.00 room charge otherwise).The Food and Beverage service seriously lacked I'm afraid.We waited for over an hour in the bar &amp; grill after being seated with menus, It felt like we were invisible and in the end we ended up leaving before tasting the food.	
Aug 22 2009 	Excellent	Myself husband and grand-daughter have just returned from our 2 night stay at this hotel and I must say what a lovely time we had from the beginning, being greeted in a polite manner to our departure. The room was spotless and beds were very comfortable. We had about an hours journey into the city, but this time went very quickly once on the DLR railway then onto the tube etc. The hotel is situated righ on the docks overlooking the o2 arena. After returning in the evening (both nights) we were able to sit have a drink and unwind. My grand-daughter loved the swimming pool sauna and steam room which again was spotless and the staff were very friendly.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great family break	Stayed for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Bedrooms very clean. Flat screen TV in room with good selection of channels. The whole family enjoyed the pool. Children not allowed into the pool until 8am but this wasn't a problem. (Make sure you take your towels with you from the bedroom or they won't give you one! Breakfasts were fantastic - loads of choice. Staff on the whole friendly. Docklands Light Rail only 2 minutes walk away and journey into Central London takes approx. 10-15 mins. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 16 2009 	lovely hotel we would stay again.	booked this hotel unsure as to where it was situated, very pleased as it was so easy to get to on the underground and light railway, would stay again and travel back into the city, we had a nice meal in the bar reasonably priced although we didnt stay for breakfast. The room was very comfortable with a queen sized bed, best ive slept in whilst away, i would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a quiet area and who does not mind using the undergrounds etc.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very relaxing stay away from hustle and bustle	My family stayed in this hotel in July for a couple of days on a visit to London to see the sights and take in a show. It was the first time staying in London, we had no idea how far out of London the hotel would be. This was not a problem. The Docklands Light Railway took you straight to the back of the hotel. The area was really quiet (I imagine this would be different when an event is on at the Excel). Lovely view over the Docklands and Canary Wharf. We have 3 children so had to book 2 rooms, these were adjoining. The rooms were exactly as on the website. Kids can only go in the pool between certain hours which is good if you aren't taking children. Our stay did not include breakfast but there is a Spar and Nisa 2 minutes walk where you can get yoghurts, juice, fresh bakes etc. There are a few excellent restaurants within walking distance. Oyster cards are a must, we found it very easy going back and forth to the centre of London. Would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	Superseeded our Expectations!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza London Docklands for 2 nights in a Family Room (1x Queen Bed, 1x Queen Sofa) and it superseeded our expectations. The hotel was very modern, the rooms were very clean, excellent facilities, and the location was just perfect. The DLR station was a 3 minute walk away and it took only 10-15 minutes to get into Central London (Tower Gatway or Bank Stations). Woke up every morning to a beautiful buffet breakfast included. And all this for just 109 pounds for the 2 nights!	
Jul 19 2009 	A good hotel in a very nice location spoilt only by small silly things"	I booked this hotel through a well known late booking site and the price was very competitive. The front desk staff were very attentive and efficient. I was offered an upgrade to a suite for an extra £70 which I was told would have a view of the dock etc, but I declined it. I was however still given a very nice queen room with the same view for no extra cost. We enquired about robes when we booked in and were told that if they weren't in the room to just call down and they would be brought up. This we did and they were delivered very promptly.The room was very clean and had almost everything you expect in a hotel of this standard. However the bathroom towels were very small and there were only two small pegs on the wall to hang them on when wet and they had to hang with the robes. The other thing which i found disappointing was the Dove cream wash dispenser in the shower and by the sink. I understand that hotels are trying to cut down on waste and help the environment, however the use of these was more suited to a budget travel hotel than a four star one.I would not recommend the restaurant for dinner but the breakfast was excellent. The dinner was a disappointment partly because the waitress managed to get two things from a very small order wrong and partly because of the pretentious way that the food was served (Grilled salmon served on a wooden board with new potatoes in a dish on the side! Too &quot;cheffy&quot; and unnecessary.A walk along the dock afterwards revealed a great looking Thai restaurant which looked like it would have been a much better proposition.However this aside, the hotel was very good value for the price I paid, but I might not have been so happy if I had paid full price. I would return if I got a similar deal.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very nice hotel	On arrival at the hotel which was to a mini suite for an extra £25 pn which we accepted.the room was spacious and comfortable and had good views over the dock and 02 arena.Breakfast was very good with plenty of choice.Pool and gym very nice also.Taxi from the hotel to Euston station cost £23Only had one problem with the reception that was that the cleaner took Our Towels by mistake from the room, we spoke with her and her supervisor who said she knew where they were and would bring them too us straight away.1hr later no towels. We went down to receptioin to check out and asked for our towels and asked if they could not find them couldn they send them on to us.Only if we paid we were told. We rufused as the cleaner had took them from our room and we had left them folded on the chair so as not to get mixed up with the bath room towels.We waited another hr for them and in the end we left leaving them there and they never did send them on to us.Ok so only 2 towels but they were 2 expensive extra large bathsheets that we had taken down to use for the pool.Apart from that a nice hotel and we enjoyed our weeks stay there.	
Jul 4 2009 	First rate hotel well worth the ride out of the City	Stayed for 2 nights with my wife. Hotel exceeded our expectations. Fantastic location on Victoria Dock, we sat in the sun and could have been anywhere in the world.	
Jul 1 2009 	Clean and comfortable - a good nights sleep	We booked this as a Top Secret Hotel through lastminute.com and were very pleased. The pool is an ok size, breakfast was lovely and the room was very clean.The hotel is around a 2 minute walk to the Royal Victoria DLR station and around 20 minutes to central London. We were given a room overlooking the dock which was a nice view and although the bathroom is quite small we thought it was very good value for money – especially when the breakfast is buffet style with lots of choice. We ate in the attached restaurant once and the food was a good standard although the service was a little slow.The lobby was very impressive and we were offered to upgrade our room at check-in for an extra £30 a night which we declined but other people may think it is worth the money. There is a Spar shop next door so you can avoid parting with a lot of money on the mini-bar!!	
Jun 16 2009 	What you'd expect - expensive due to it's location.	To sum up the expensive comment - it's what you'd expect really. It's slap bang next door to the excel centre in the Royal Victoria Dock, not far at all from the o2 (albeit on the other side of the river) and easily reachable distance of Canary Wharf - yes, it's in the expensive side of London.Having said that, it's a reasonable hotel. Clean, well appointed and what you'd expect of a Crowne Plaza. Check in is reasonably smooth, although don't expect to be cheeky and get an early check-in. I was slightly concerned about them swiping my credit card on a &quot;provisional&quot; check-in (ie, sort the details out but not give you your room key) - but it turned out ok and my key was waiting for me in an envelope when I returned from the show at excel. However, a colleague of mine did the same and was told (late at night) that there had been an error in their systems and a room wasn't available for him - they offered to re-locate him to a nearby Marriot at canary Wharf - at least they sorted the problem out (including providing transport to and from the alternative hotel for him).The hotel seems to pride itself on the &quot;Docklands Bar and Grill&quot; restaurant - but it felt pretty much the standard hotel fare to me. I ordered a steak with a side order of chunky chips and paid around £25.00 for it, but ended up with a run of the mill steak, served in a run of the mill way. This leads me on to the costs of &quot;extra's&quot; in the hotel. The bar is very expensive, but there is avery little choice around the excel centre (there are several other hotels with bars in the area), so it's a bit of a fish tank area local wise. Having said that, there are a couple of good restaurants in the local vicinity - so there are other options to eat.There is a small hotel car park attached to the back of the hotel, but there is a large multi-story just at the back of the hotel too. This is an excel centre run car-park and the charges are expensive (around £20.00 per 24 hours) but again, this is in the context of the area - it's not just this hotel.The rooms are well appointment and the general decor of the hotel is of a good standard. One slight niggle is that I returned to my hotel room from breakfast one morning to find the service personnel in the room cleaning. I was in a rush, but there was no apology or offer to come back once I had got ready. I walked in to the room and started to get ready. I had to ask them to leave and was faced with a grumpy reaction! When I returned in the evening, I had found that she hadn't returned to finish the job and I had to ring reception to ask for fresh towels to be delivered to the room. This is not what I would expect of a 4 star hotel.In general, the front of house staff are quite pleasant. They are poor at breakfast, especially if they are busy. You are asked for your room number when you arrive for breakfast, but after that, it's a free for all. I had to chase the service staff around to ask them for tea / coffee and toast! However, once it arrived it was very nice.The service staff in the rooms are sub standard in my opinion. They should at least be courteous enough to know whether to leave a room - especially when they should be used to people preparing for a conference or event at excel (surely where the hotel gains most of it's trade from).In general - it's ok. If I was picking up the tab it wouldn't be my first choice as the service level just doesn't meet the price tag - however, as a corporate guest it was ok and the bar is a good area for socialising with colleagues and friends of an evening. The total cost is just not worth the result you gain from staying there in my opinion - hence the overall rating.	
Jun 15 2009 	.............Okay!	Stayed here for one night. Arriving at the hotel, first impressions was like this should be good. Reception staff were okay. Check in was a bit werid. Ask something about the room and it was like asking for the lotto numbers. Drama! Sort of set the mood for the whole stay. Restaurant was okay too. We decided to head down after we dropped that bags at the room. No one said hi to us at the restaurant. It was not that busy but it seemed like all the staff were all stressed and all over the place. A girl behind the bar was asked by a senior memeber of staff to do something and after he walked away, she rolled her eyes and made a face! Not professional! After waiting 15mins to even get a menu! I believe the GM took our order! He was lovely! Nice guy! Even though there was restaurant staff on I cant understand why it was the GM the took our order? At least he said hi! Makes a big difference! I could go on about Breakfast but it was pretty much the same as above! It was nice though. Trying to get a cup of coffee from the server was like check in! I would probably stay here again! Check was ten times better than check in. A young man and girl were on duty that morning. Chatty and Friendly! Just what you want!I normally dont make a point of things like this but it was obvious that some things need to be looked at!	
Jun 7 2009 	Zero - Problems that is!	Booked online with Crowne Plaza and got excellent rate of £74/night B&amp;B for family of 4 with advance payment. This gave us only negative, travel back into London. DLR station was closed so had to bus from Canary Wharfe/Canning Town, a little stresful at times but can't hold the hotel responsible for some very poor staff of London Transport.On entry hotel is bright, modern and spotless. Check-in was effortless, professional and human.Room was functional, comfortable and clean.Ate at the restaurant that was a cut above most hotel restaurant offers. Simple menu but well cooked and presented. Once again staff were professional but human.Hotel was quite every night despite being used for local airport.Breakfast was excellent. No waiting for tables, plenty of space. Buffet service with lots of choice which was always well cooked, fresh and used good product. Service for drinks/toast was once again excellent.Also ate in the bar and had a small problem with one meal, this was sorted immediately and did not spoil the experience.Not much round the hotel, a couple of restaurants and bars, 2 shops and Excel a short walk. DLR station Royal Victoria some 200 mts, if open!Pool and gym is of usual hotel offer but was welcome after/before a full day in London.Once again no issues at check-out.All in all an excellent hotel with good staff, would return without hesitation and recomend to anyone. It is somewhat unusual to get a city/chain hotel that manages to give you the feel of a small family run hotel, but, that is what we expierenced here. A good facility with good staff that is a credit to their industry.Well done everyone at Crowne Plaza Docklands.	
Jun 5 2009 	A Very good Hotel	This is exactly what a business hotel should be. Smart, clean and efficient. The reception and bar staff were professional and polite. The bar is very goos as is the breakfast. All in all, I would thoroughly recommend it!	
May 28 2009 	Fine Stay in the Darklands	If the Docklands Crowne Plaza has a major downside, it would only be its isolated location. On the other hand, if you need to be close to the Excel Centre, the location could hardly be better.The Crowne Plaza is very good but not great. Starting with the basics: The room rate was 180 GBP, or about 270 USD or 206 Euro – a little pricey for the offerings but probably good by London standards. Front desk service was prompt and friendly but not memorable. My room was very clean and odor-free, bathroom was adequately appointed, climate-control system worked well. The room was a bit narrow but adequate for one person. The carpet was a little worn. The two single beds had very soft (i.e. not firm) mattresses that I loved but that some might find intolerable or even painful. Maid service was adequate; I did not leave a tip the first day since I as yet had no local currency and they noted the transgression by not replacing towels and shower floormat. The rooms were soundproof and I experienced no hallway noise at night. The view from my room was dull. Interestingly, the door handles and key slots to the guest rooms were at wheelchair level. Room photos are a little misleading because the furniture appears to be made of cheap particle board, but this is not the case. The hotel décor was probably not the best judgment call by whomever designed it – orange, red, and maroon color combination with minimalist furniture design. While it was clearly intended to be a retro Mod motif, it simply had the impact of looking cheap or like it had been last decorated in 1974. Be assured that neither is true.Oddities: I did not see a bellman during my four days at the hotel. A hair dryer was provided but was tethered to the inside of the closet. There was only a low-voltage, two-prong outlet in the bathroom. There was no safe in the rooms. Closet and drawer space was minimal. Internet access was a ridiculous 15 GBP per day.A breakfast buffet in the hotel’s restaurant, the Docklands Grill, was included with the room price and was adequate but not remarkable (except for the offering of baked beans). Dinner in Docklands Grill was really quite good and reasonably priced. A good-sized swimming pool, jacuzzi, and very well equipped exercise facility are available.The surrounding area – called the Docklands – is off the beaten path. The locals disparaged the area as being out of the action. While true, it is clean, quiet, and safe. It is clearly an old working-class area in the process of being revitalized in modern style contrasted with existing architecture from days-gone-by. There are a number of small shops and little grocery stores within a block or two of the Crowne Plaza, so I did not have to look far to re-supply myself. Happily, it is quite easy and inexpensive (roundtrip is 3,20 GBP) to ride into central London on the “DLR,” an above-ground train with a station directly behind the Crowne Plaza. It’s about a 15-minute ride to the Tower of London. The Crowne Plaza will probably not knock your socks off, but is very suitable for a stay near the Excel Centre. If your intent is to explore London, you probably will want to stay somewhere closer to the action. Hope this helps.	
May 20 2009 	Wonderful Service	The hotel was beautiful, the staff took care of some traveling issues I was having or my vacation would have been ruined. The restaurant was nice and private and the bar had several sports events going on. They are more than happy to get you to where you would like to go. The best experience in a hotel I have ever had!	
May 20 2009 	Same about the staff!	The hotel itself is in a lovely quiet area by the river, seemed very peaceful and felt very safe. The hotel is only a couple minutes walk from the station and easy to find. Very close to the 02 which was just want we wanted.The hotel is fantastic, modern, very clean, pretty large rooms for London and comfy beds. The hotel swimming pool etc was also brilliant, clean and plenty big enough for what you need. Breakfast was also great, plenty of food, catered for everyone.However on the down side the staff let this hotel down badly. I have stayed in many hotels (from 1 star up to 5) and have never come across staff so unhelpful and rude. I don’t ever complain but unfortunately we felt we really needed to at this hotel. A few examples - the member of staff at the swimming pool would not give me a towel, told me to use the one from my room, I explained (very kindly) that I wanted this to use for my shower after but she would not budge, I have never come across a 4star hotel who wouldn’t give me a towel! So I requested a clean towel to be sent to my room, this never showed up! The breakfast was advertised as 2 people for £18, when checking out we got charged £18 each and told we should have showed a voucher – no one told us this at any point within our stay but the lady was just rude and pretty much said it wasn’t her problem. I did pay and checked out but then went to double check the sign – no mention of vouchers on here so we went back to speak to the manager – he refunded both breakfasts. Even little things like asking for a spoon to eat our cereals with never showed up. Overall the hotel itself is wonderful but the staff let this place down which is such a shame as they have a great place there!	
Apr 29 2009 	excellent all round! what a hotel should be!	we stayed here over the easter weekend, i was a little wary after the rotton exerience id had in birmingham last month. however, i need not have worried.from the moment westepped into the hotel we were made to feel welcome and it was genuine and not forced like so many.we had a great suire with smashing views over the albert dock.the rooms were brilliant, the staff were a credit to the hotel industry and the food and service was second to none.im quite picky, but im well beaten on this one.book in advance for the best deals and you wont go far wrong here.its only a 3 min walk to the DLR station and 25 min run to central london.brilliant pool to but beware of &quot; brats&quot; during school holidays.	
Apr 25 2009 	TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICES - WOULD NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!!!!	After being a member of Quad Club for a number of years, they decided to change the terms of my aggreement without notifying me. My discount was taken away without reason, or even telling me. Absolutley appaled with the customer services. Was told that the manager would call me to discuss my membership - to this day I still await a phone call. DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL OR GYM!!!	
Apr 24 2009 	Abysmal Service never had such bad service!!!!	I joined their so called service called the quad club so I would get extra benefits while I was staying at this particular hotel. While staying there all IV had is bad service and the level of communication is abysmal. From them! The monthly subscription which I pay is not worth nothing as all I get with it is to use their gym which you cannot swing a cat inn and the use of their swimming pool which is so dirty you wouldn’t wash a tramp in it!! They also had the cheek to withdraw my discount benefit and when I complained to the bar manager he was so disinterested could only manage to stump up ‘sorry that’s the company policy’ over and over again!! I am absolutely appalled with them and would never stay at this hotel again as it is over priced and the staffs are useless!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	good place but quite difficult to get to	We booked our stay through lastminute.com. £60 a night seemed good value but they also have offers for around this price on their website, the cost if you turn up on the day appears to be about four time this. The man initially gave us a twin room with two single beds and we wanted a double. I had read on their website that twin rooms have two double beds so I didn't think to phone ahead and state a preference (I must have read the wrong section). The lad on reception was very nice, he said they didn't have any double rooms only the executive suite and gave us that instead for no extra cost. Needless to say we were very happy as this was meant to cost about four hundred pounds. The only problem was that there was construction work on the tube line so it wasn't as easy as it could have been to get to the hotel. We walked from Canning town and it was really dark and a bit scary.	
Apr 21 2009 	Crowne Plaza and Quad Club - a complete joke.	I was a member of there Quad Club for over two years when Crowne Plaza decided to change the rules of there membership, without notice, without notification or a care for what there customers say. I asked three times for a call from there manager - but to this day I am waiting.Some staff believe they are above the customers, i heard rude comments from some female bar staff and the duty manager has no service skills whatsoever.I stayed in the Crowne Plaza at least once a month but I shall never be staying there again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Lovely stay at Crowne Plaza London Docklands	My husband and I stayed for 1 night so that we could visit an exhibition at Excel (just down the road).Our expectations were not great, since we had booked through Lastminute, and for a bargain price for the area. However, we were very happy with our stay.Check - in was easy, and despite arriving very early, we were able to move into the room at 10.30AM, and whilst we waited for our room (30 minutes) we were given complimentary beverages in the bar.The room was spacious and clean with a lovely view of the Thames (we were worried we would get a car park view, which would have been awful, and were delighted with what we got). The bed was comfortable, a little soft, but we managed to get a good nights sleep.The bathroom was nice, with a full size bath and good water pressure.We availed of their 19..99 unlimited in room movies and internet package (24 hours) which was good value.Parking was easy and inexpensive (4 pounds for over 24 hours).Breakfast was plentiful and good quality. Good cooked selection and average continental options.If we need to be in this area again the Crowne Plaza would be our first choice.	
Mar 17 2009 	Lovely location shame about the twin beds!	I booked this hotel via lastminute.com as a Top Secret hotel and it cost me £60 for one night. The sign up in the reception said that a room would normally be £250!! I am not sure I would find it such value for money at that price.We got there and checked in with ease. It was busy because Tina Turner was on at the o2, however they opened extra check in desks to cope with the queue. Upon reaching our room we were annoyed to find it was a twin room - but as I had not asked upon check in and as my boyfriend had man flu and was sniffling rather a lot we decided to keep the twin beds.We were going to Greenwich Observatory for the evening, so this location was pretty accessible for that. Set on Victoria Dock it was a lovely outlook (although our room looked out over the car park, but - £60!!), and on the Sunday morning we walked around it and over to Thames Barrier Park for a look at the Barrier.I had pre booked us into the Docklands Bar &amp; Grill (attached to the hotel) for dinner, and had advised them that I was vegan. We got back from Greenwich for our 9.30 meal and they had no clue about the vegan thing, although when I asked they managed to whip up a pleasant roast veg salad, and my boyfriend had a chicken something or other which he enjoyed. It was perfectly pleasant, but had we not been unsure what would be over in Greenwich food wise, I would have eaten somewhere else for the money it cost us and probably had a more outstanding meal.Breakfast was not included in our meal, however we decided to take advantage of a two for one offer for £17. I would not have paid £17 each! Breakfast was the usual buffet, and they had no soya milk - in this day and age not having soya milk is pretty poor for a hotel of this standing. So no cereal for me, just hash browns and beans - felt a but unwell after that. For a veggie or meat eater though, great selection of breakfast.I would recommend this hotel if work is paying for it - or if you can get a cheap deal on a discount website. It was clean, pleasant and met our needs.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great location good pool poor food	Stayed in a deluxe room, for two nights. We choose it because its proximity to the ExCel exhibition centre. The room was quite small, but by London standards reasonable. The price (also by London standards) was also reasonable.The swimming pool is quite large (about 20 m I guess) and quiet when we were there. The Gym area I didn't use but it looked OK. Overall, the fitness facilities were amongst the best I have come across in a London hotel. We had dinner in the restaurant on arrival. This was not pleasant, since the dining room is drab, the food boring and a (bad) jazz band were playing too loudly. The next day we had dinner in our room, which was merely boring. There are a number of other restaurants in the area and some of these are probably a better option for food. I can recommend the nearby China Palace for dim sum for example.	
Feb 20 2009 	Unbelievably bad....Don't stay here.	The first night we stayed (6th Feb) we experienced extremely loud dance music pulsing through the hotel until the early hours of the morning. My partner rang the front desk to ask for an explanation at 3.15am, the night porter said he would call us back. Not only did he not call back, no apology for the disruption was offered. The music finally stopped at approx. 3.40am. The following day, my partner spoke to the Guest Service Manager, Benjamin Langer. He did apologise, and offered us a bottle of wine in our room, which we accepted believing that the night before had been a one off. Unbelievably, the same thing happened on the Saturday night (7th Feb), but even worse because we had to listen to the brawling and fighting outside the hotel as well. I rang the front desk and got the same response as the previous night - no apology, and no explanation. I expect a lot more from a Crowne Plaza hotel. To put a loud bar/club in your hotel is to my mind crazy - customers stay at a &quot;nice&quot; hotel to get a good nights sleep. To say that the customer service on this occasion was poor is an understatement.On checking out we were not even asked if we had had a pleasant stay-probably a good thing for them. We got very little sleep all weekend, and left the hotel thoroughly fed up with the whole experience.	
Feb 15 2009 	great facilities and location	Everything at the Crowne Plaza Docklands is lovely, great decor, facilities, and caters well for both leisure and business.The one thing i would complain about is the weight machines in the gym are very rusty and could do with some more staff in the leisure area's e.g. pool, gym, if you have problems or questions there is rarely someone to help.Food in the hotel was lovely, thoroughly enjoyed the restaurant and the bar, the staff were very helpful. Parking at the hotel is very pricey but safe location... £29 for 2nights parking.I would stay here again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Another fine mess?	We had booked a double including breakfast for £57 on Lastminute. Check in was fast and very friendly and we opted to take their offer of a £30 upgrade to an executive room which was larger and had a bigger bed. This also included on-site parking which was £14.50 a day which we would have had to pay any way. Our room was on the 6th floor and was modern, spacious and clean with a great view over the old dock and across to the O2. We were very impressed.It only took around 20 minutes, not an hour as has been stated previously, to get to the West End, and if you've checked the location of the hotel before booking then you'll know that you are not in the heart of things. No big deal for us though, we wanted a bargain, and a little time spent on the tube was no problem for us.After a busy afternoon of shopping, and dinner in the West End, we returned to the hotel around 9.30pm. The nearby Spar was still open enabling us to pick up a couple of things we wanted, and after changing we headed down to the bar. This is where the fun began! The bar area is very big with a large central rectangular bar, very modern, and very cold. Double doors to the front of the building let in huge blasts of ice cold air whenever guests came in and out, and there also seemed to be a draft from the adjacent reception area, possibly caused by the front doors of the building. We asked when we arrived if it was table service, we were told it was, so we found a table but nobody came to serve us. So I went to the bar, and although I was the only person waiting it was still several minutes before I was served and returned with our drinks. I wasn't bothered, but later someone else was when the same happened to him. There seemed to be some locals in that evening and one of them, a large surly guy on the opposite side of the bar from us started loudly telling the bar manager what he thought of being kept waiting to buy his drinks. He was complaining that a another group of local guys, about 10 of them, had been served ahead of him when he'd been waiting first. He went back to his table to rejoin his friends then called the manager over and carried on complaining, then reappeared at the bar still barracking the manager and now also berating the female bartender who had apparently served these other guys first. By this time he had the attention of every guest in the bar. My girlfriend and I commented to each other that the manager had long since lost control of the situation and that security should have been called to deal with it well before now. We also agreed that there would soon be trouble from the guys he was complaining had been served ahead of him, and sure enough, as if on cue, they began heckling him. Within a minute both groups were on their feet, there was pushing and shoving, and we saw at least one guy pulled out of the disagreeing parties and made to sit down by his friends. We were close to seeing a nasty bar fight between these two groups of men who had clearly all had a fair bit to drink, and it was only now that security were finally called and did a first class job of calming things down. All in all it was entertaining, and it was free, but possibly not the kind of entertainment we had expected!Next morning we ventured down for breakfast. The food was good and plentiful with lots of choices to suit all, so in theory nobody should go hungry, but you might if you needed a spoon to eat your cereal or yogurt. Or if you wanted ketchup or HP Sauce as there was only a couple of bottles of each for 30 or so tables to share. In general the service was dreadful. I could say more but I've already told one long anecdote.Would we stay again? Yes. For the price it was great for a weekend break in London if you have the patience to eat in a restaurant with service worthy of Laurel and Hardy.	
Jan 20 2009 	Once You Get Past the Ordeal that is Check-In its Perfect	I arrived in London on a wet and wild December Friday evening 2 weeks before Christmas to spend time with Family. Due to illness my travelling companion had been unable to accompany me. However as the accomodation had been booked on her Credit Card, this was going to cause some problems which i had foreseen. However i did not expect to be left waiting almost 40 minutes before getting near the reception desk. At this stage i was getting frustrated. The person i was dealing with on reception was not very happy at all about letting me stay in the hotel as i was not the person who made the original booking. And as it was a friday evening close to Christmas the party season was getting	
Jan 4 2009 	Very good 4* for relaxation of if you are staying near 02 or Excel	I booked this hotel on lastminute.com on the 30th of december as a top mystery hotel, described as &quot;Fantastic amazing superb docklands luxury hotel - 4* - London&quot;. I paid £60 for a double room and thought it was amazing value.I wanted to spend some quality time with my girlfriend on new year's day, somewhere quiet with spa facilities, and for the price this was ideal.I requested a room with a view to the waterside and 02 arena as I had previously read on here about the ugly carpark views. Fortunately, they were able to comply with my request and we were given a really nice, spacious room on the second floor, facing the river, which set the romantic tone.When checking in, you will be given a card to fill in with some options including the delivery of a morning newspaper. Watch out for this as the receptionist does not tell you that there is a charge for the newspaper, so you are led to believe that it is complimentary. It is not.The room had everything that we could ask for except a safe to keep valuables in, and the bath gel bottle was virtually empty when we went to use it. Tea and coffee facilities were fine but there was not enough sugar or milk for both of us have more than a drink.Also, the minibar was well stocked but very expensive. A mini bottle of wine cost approx £5.50! We therefore didn't purchase anything from it and instead bought some snacks from the Spar supermarket nearby. In addition, Keep in mind that tvelevision extras such as films, and internet use, are chargeable services and expensive too.The Quad Club offers guests a purpose-built health and fitness facility, with an indoor pool,jacuzzi, sauna, steamroom and gym, and we really enjoyed these, although the swimming pool and gym were a little on the small side. Also, when we first entered, there was nobody at reception, so we had to familiarise ourselves with the facilities. It was only after a while that a girl appeared at the desk, although she kept leaving again. I feel that this could be improved upon. Beware that since 1st of January there is a £2 charge for using their towels, however you are welcome to bring your own room towel.As others have mentioned, the area is quiet and there is nothing to do in the vicinity, unless you happen to be going to the Excel Centre or 02 arena. As such, there are limited dining options. The Crowne Plaza does have a bar restaurant called Docklands, but it is very expensive. Instead, we opted to have dinner at the Ibis hotel restaurant down the road and it came to just under £20 for 2, without dessert, which was reasonable. The next morning we were planning to have breakfast at the Ibis as well, as it is only £5.50 per person, but when we saw that it was a basic cold buffet we opted against it.Luckily, Crowne Plaza offered us 2 for the price of 1 on breakfast, which costs £16.95 each normally. The breakfast was impressive, with a variety of hot english breakfast items, as well as many juices, yogurts, cereals and fruit. At £16.95 it is far too expensive, but if offered on a 2 for 1 basis then it is worth it!So would I recommend this hotel? Well, If you want to be in the hussle and bussle of London, near to all the attractions then my answer is no. If however, you are after a relaxing getaway in quiet surroundings then this is right for you.	
Jan 1 2009 	great hotel	Having read other comments on this hotel, I was worried that I had made a bad choice. I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights bed and breakfast on a deal of ?70 per night. Right from the minute I entered reception I knew I had made the right choice. The reception staff were excellent, friendly and very curteous. My double room was on the top floor (6th) with a view to the front and the O2 Arena. The room was spacious and very clean. I had lunch in the bar and I must say that the staff were very attentive. There was a varied choice on the menu and the prices are comparable to London prices. Good quality food. Breakfast is buffet style and the choices again were varied, the food quality very good and hot. Yes the hotel is in the Docklands and I read about the travel time into London. I found this not to be such a heartache since I knew before I booked that I would not be in Central London. Its a matter of knowing where you want to go and take the right tube after first taking the DLR which is only 1 minutes walk from the hotel. I found that I could be on Tottenham Court Road in 20 minutes. I could not find any fault with this hotel and dont understand what the previous people found to complain about. All in all a very good 4 star hotel and well worth the trip.	
Nov 9 2008 	Next to nothing	About reviewer: 30 something who traveled for business and brought my wife (no kids). We're from the US and this was our first trip to London.The docklands may be a great place to live in London (its cheaper than more centrally located places), but its a horrible place for this below average hotel.Price: Almost $300 USD per nightRooms: Nice, modern, clean, but thin walls (we asked to be moved)Check in: Horrible. There was hardly anyone at the hotel, but it took hours to check in. Manager blamed new staff.Food: Restaurant serves good quality food, but it is slightly priceyNightlife: The bar is ok, but you need to hop on a train to see any real nightlife.Business Center: Meeting rooms were freezing. They had a single PC to use to surf the web.Positive surprise: The train (DLR) is 3 minutes awayNegative Surprise: There is nothing to do in the immediate areaNet: stay elsewhere	
Oct 13 2008 	Great stay at the Crowne Plaza	The Crowne Plaza is a great hotel if you have occasion to be on this dock or if you are visiting the Excel or O2. Do not stay here if you will be spending your entire trip sightseeing in central London. As stated, it is about an hour's ride on the DLR and then the Tube. Choose a hotel closer to the main attractions. Now, back to the Crowne Plaza, our room on the 5th floor was lovely - it had a king size bed, desk, bathroom with full tub and offered plenty of room to move around. The room was very clean and the bathtub ,in particular, was pristine. The Docklands restaurant in the lobby was great for dinner. I had a salmon salad and it was the most tender, tasty salmon I ever had! The breakfast buffet is also quite good, offering a large variety of foods, but is pricey (16.95 pounds). There are also several restaurants on the left side of the street near the Excel (about 5-minutes walk) in a warehouse building: Chinese, Japanese, Fox pub. The Fox pub had good food and was reasonably priced. The Crowne Plaza is less than 5 minutes walk from the Royal Victoria DLR station. This is important to note because aside from the hotel restaurant and the others I and other reviewers mentioned (Carribean, Spar convenient store) there is nothing in this area!	
Oct 13 2008 	Good for business stay.	Stayed for a corporate conferance. This is a nice hotel with clean rooms and good food, although we were a bit upset about getting the same salmon starter at lunch as we had for dinner the night before.Staff fine.Bar expensive (£9.50 for vodka and redbull).Sorry i cannot be more enthusiastic but this is just a bland characterless business hotel. Stay here if someone else is paying.	
Sep 5 2008 	Corporately dull and poor value	I suppose I didn't have too many problems - just annoyances - £15 for wireless that's free in most places, pn top of a stiff £129 single room (ok, it's London, but so what). This is a characterless box in a dreary redevelopment of docks. Rooms are fine, but elsewhere it's grim al the way. Reception is slow, breakfast shockingly sparse for the price, and if I'm kind to service, it's patchy. I'd recommend that you choose somewhere a lot cheaper, because the quality won't be much worse overall. That's unless someone else ios paying the bill - because I suspect few who stay here actually foot the bill themselves. That goes for me too.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great...but dinner menu terrible	Six of us stayed at this hotel last week. We really enjoyed our stay, check in was fast and efficient, rooms were lovely we were on the 5th floor beds very soft and comfy. We used the pool twice very clean staff there werent great and both times we went down there was no one at the desk so we had to find our own way aroud.We booked dinner in the hotel, menu was terrible only 3 options for each starter, main and desert and none were all that good two of the started were vegetarian and all portions were tiny, definitely not worth £21.99!! Breakfast was lovely, we had booked B&amp;B! huge amount of food cereals, fry and the best bit was a pancake machine, press a button and 2 pancakes freshly made pop out!Internet in the rooms was terrible, we had to use it too book an attraction and took ages to even get on the site... and cost £5.99 defo not worth it!!	
Aug 14 2008 	Hotel lovely location not...	We stayed at The Crowne Plaza for two nights with our 6yr old son. The Hotel is lovely and well worthy of it's four stars. We got an amazing deal which just about made up for it's location - about an hours worth of train rides into the heart of London! Although tube/DLR prices are very good a two hour return journey really eats into your day - my fault as I booked it. Should you be visiting the 02 or the excel then the location will be ideal.The rooms exceptionally clean and tidy, spacious enough and the food delicious - childrens meals are a very high standard too. Drinks prices ok.Staff are very friendly and efficient.There is not a great deal nearby the hotel but there is a Spar shop, a newsagents and a lovely Carribean restaurant - albeit a little pricey - should you be watching the pennies they also do their food to take out at a much reduced price.I would stay there again if going to the 02 or Execel ....Or the Olympics.	
Aug 12 2008 	Don't bother!	Great location for the Excel, however the service in this hotel is terrible. We were not told until we arrived that the restaurant and bar would be closed for refurbishment and we were not given a reduction in the rate for this inconveniece. The bar and restaurant were not in need of a refurb. if anything needs to be replaced, it is the staff. The restaurant had a pasta buffet, however there were several tables which had been left with dirty pots and these were not taken away, and the buffet was not replenished. After trying to get served at the bar for 45 minutes, we gave up (not for lack of trying either). Would not return to this hotel. I thought that a Crowne Plaza would be good, I was wrong. If I was going to Excel in future, I would prefer to stay at Novotel or Ramada.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great for Excel	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for just one night, as we were going to the Motor Show and to see Squeeze playing in the evening. We arrived before check in time and parked in the car park, having checked with reception that it would be OK. Car park is charged per 24 hours and, upon checkout, we seemed to be charged £2 less than the advertised £14.50, so that was good!When we had been to the Motor Show, we checked in to the hotel. We were allocated a &quot;disabled-friendly&quot; room (not having requested one) on the 5th floor, quite near to the lifts. The room we had booked was at &quot;executive&quot; level and was very spacious, well-equipped and comfortable. We also found it to be very clean and with a good view of the river.The only disappointment with our stay in general, was that we could not eat in the Caribbean restaurant opposite, as it was full (nothing to do with the hotel!). However, at 10.30, we ventured across the road, back to the hotel and asked if there was any food still being served. We were advised that the bar next door (part of the hotel) would be serving bar food until 11pm. We enjoyed a meal and a cocktail and a free beer, served with compliments because we had signed up to their Priority Club Rewards scheme when I booked the hotel - bonus!!All in all, a great time was had by all - and Squeeze were fantastic too!!!!!!	
Jun 24 2008 	convenient to O2 but a bit far for anything else!	Quite far out from central london, but only 5 mins by tube to the o2 arena. DLR station next to hotel. Actually had the o2 Arena as the view from my room. Would reccommend if only travelling in to see a concert and then leaving early the next day. Not that practical if planning to shop or sight see. Especially on the last day, when we ended up carrying our bags around most of the day. It's seemed like too much hassle to leave them at the hotel and travel back out from the city to collect them. There is the City Airport only 5 mins away from hotel, but not a good choice of flights and a lot more expensive than using one of the main airports. The hotel itself was clean, modern and well presented, if lacking a little atmosphere. If you are hoping to sight see, a word of warning concerning red tourbus tickets. We were charged double the price by one of the &quot;official reps&quot; at the bus stand outside the Tower of London! No reasonable explanation or refund given when he was &quot;shopped&quot; by a rival.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Service	I was pleasantly surprised with the Crowne Plaza and found the service to be excellent. I read the rest of the trip Advisor reviews prior to booking and one guest had mentioned about views of the car park on one side and views of the waterside on the other. So on checking in I asked which side we'd been allotted, on hearing that it was the car park side I asked if it was possible to have a room over looking the waterside and the guy on reception was really helpful and sorted everything out so we had a fantastic room, (better than our original room I think) overlooking the water.... wonderful. The restaurant staff again were very helpful, but be very careful as the drinks are expensive and it adds up to quite a costly evening. All in all we had a great experience at the Crowne Plaza.	
Jun 23 2008 	LOVED THE CROWNE PLAZA	I treated my partner for his 30th birthday, and we stayed in this hotel for one night, and it was the best night that we had ever had. The location was perfect, as there was a carribbean restaurant across the road from our hotel, which served excellent food. We made full use of the swimming pool, spa and steam room. The breakfast the next morning was impressive too, as it was a buffet style, with a variety of your usual english breakfast, but there was also cereals and fruit if you wanted to go for the healthier option. I was impressed with our room and the bar downstairs. The drinks in the bar were abit pricey but we expected that being in London. The staff were abit confusing to begin with, but were ok and friendly.All in all I would definitely come back to this hotel in the future, and perhaps get a massage done. I would recommend this hotel for people who just want to get away for a night or two, and it's not too far to get to either. The only disappointing thing that i found was the car parking, which had to be paid for, it was £14.50 for 24hrs,considering i paid a reasonable amount for our room i don't think Crowne Plaza should charge a fee for the car parking,but you can't expect much for London really.	
May 24 2008	good for the money	stayed at this hotel for one night in a junior suite, check in was a bit slow but once in room it was clean and well appointed, nice touches like free water and Internet access, all suites seem to have good views over the dock and the o2 arena! the bar was nice but the usual overpricing of London hotel bars, breakfast was very good, big selection of hot and cold food although if this is not included in your room rate it would cost £17 per person witch in my opinion no fry up is worth. the pool and gym were lovely and very well maintained! i wouldn't recommend this hotel if you are wanting a central London stay but is perfect if you want to escape from the hustle and buseel of London or are visiting the excel or o2 arena's.	
May 6 2008	Very pleasant stay	We stayed to be close to the Excel exhibition centre, which is just minutes away. The hotel is very close to the DLR which unfortunately for us was not running! The location is not convenient for the centre of London but then we didn't mind that. The service was very friendly and the food quality was good. The leisure facilities are ok but it is a little cramped next to the pool.Our room was the junior suite which was very spacious &amp; had a small balcony with a view over the docklands, which was surprisingly quiet.	
Apr 22 2008 	Fabulous:)	A great hotel with all facilities a hotel needs to have. Great food and a wonderful wellness area to chill after a day in town.By underground very close to the city and Canary WHarf( which is great for shopping)Beds are very comfortable and room is clean and spacious.	
Apr 7 2008 	service is questionable	My family and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Docklands Excel April 2008. The hotel is not convenient to London sightseeing. Hotel states it is 4 miles outside of Central London. It may be, however, it will add an additional 45 minutes travel time each way into London. Bar and Restaraunt service is low rate. Servers do not make routine rounds to check on diners. 17.5% gratuity is already added in so you cannot make your point by withholding a tip or gratuity. Room service was delivered and charged to one of our rooms when we did not order it. I spoke with the manager X3 to have it removed. It remained on our bill. Parking lot is behind the hotel. I would not recommend leaving a vehicle there. There were three cars who had burglaries during our stay. Their windows were smashed. Hotel management did not respond until I called to say glass was noticable on the pavement from our rooms window. The car alarms had been going off for at least 5 minutes. Maids routinely forgot to leave towels in the rooms. We had to call every other day for our towels even though we had put the old towels in the tub. Coffee/ hot chocolate were not stocked after we had used them. Again we had to call for a resupply. Mini bars refrigerator did not work. I was dissapointed in the Crown Plaza service. I woul not stay there again or recommend it to any one who asked.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good 'Eventually'	We stayed at the C.P Docklands for four days at the end of March 2008.When we arrived, we were told that the price we had booked at was no longer valid and that we would have to pay more. After a lengthy coversation at the end of which I told our greeter Ashly, I was going to ring the head office, we were allowed to book in at the agreed price. Following a 10hr trip, and the previous 30minute conversation, we were told our room would not be available untill 15.30.when we eventually were shown to our room it was as good as most of the hotels we had stayed at in Europe, but not anything special.Apart from the outside noise, mainly the planes it was ok.The view was spectacular.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good hotel but quality depends on the type of room	General:This hotel is near London City Airport as you will be reminded each morning just after 6.30am. There is quite a lot of building work also taking place close by. Close to Canary Wharf with a free shuttle in the morning which is good for business travellers or just to get a nice breakfast. It is within easy reach of the city centre with the DLR jusr around the corner.Rooms:Vary greatly. My colleague stayed in a nice room on the sixth floor with views over the basin. Mine had views of the multi-storey carpark. Safes are only provided in superior rooms so make sure you clarify if you need one, which nowadays is always I think. Rooms seemed to be well cleaned and the beds comfortable. The heating works well and the showers are powerful. Internet is still charged for.Staff:Helpful and efficient, no problem checking in or out.Food:Did not eat there as the menu is very expensive. There is a small shop on the waterfront for basics and tea and coffee facilities are available in the room. There is a chinese restaurant up the road. For a cheap breakfast go to the IBIS down the road for the 5.95 buffet.Facilities:The pool is fine but small, more just to relax than to swim. The bar is functional but a bit sterile.	
Mar 27 2008 	brillant hotel	Me and my partner were going to a concert at the o2 arena. We chose the hotel because of its location beside arena and beside london city airport,The staff were very pleasant and helpful, the rooms were lovely and the restaurant and bar food was gorgeous.I had no problems with this hotel, i think the location is perfect as long as you dont mind travelling on the DLR the station is only a 5 min walk away.I would definetly recommend to prospective concert go-ers and would go back in a second.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Hotel shame about the food	Stayed here overnight while at a conference at Excel Feb 08, only a couple of minutes walk from the venue with good parking. Plesant room, quite warm, but the window opened for fresh air (and the noise of the planes at the airport). Recxeption staff friendly and acknowledged us warmly whenever we passed. Pre supper drinks from the smart cocktail bar by the restaurant were good, they had all the ingredients for the two we requested.Supper in the Restaurant was OK -food was good but not worthy of star ratings. The staff made up for in enthusiasm what they lacked in skills. But-oh dear! breakfast was not good at all- the usual &quot;full english&quot; sitting under hot lamps getting dry, staff inattentive, and the continental buffet was laughable, the usual dry mini pastries cooked many hours before (maybe even the night before?) sweaty sliced cheddar and sliced ham (how continental is that? well, perhaps the sweaty bit!) yoghurt in a foil topped plastic tub and the fruit had been bought in ready chopped and still tasted of the long life preserving solution they came in.So 6/10 for the Hotel, but only 4/10 for the food and drinks	
Feb 20 2008 	Simply Superb!	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza London Docklands on a business trip and it was simply superb! The room was a good size, very clean, nicely decorated and had sufficent amount of lighting. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. All the staff were extremely courteous and did all they could to ensure my stay was pleasant and enjoyable. The buffet breakfast was also excellent as there was a very good range of continental and cooked English breakfast to choose from. I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 20 2007 	O.K. in general but bad experiences. Not great value for money.	I don't know what to say about this hotel. It's O.K. but the room design had me feeling that I would only return to this hotel if I really wanted or needed a London hotel with full leisure facilities and this was all affordable at a certain time. Having said that it is not cheap (at least for a solo traveller) for being out near furthest South East London, near Greenwich, beyond Canary Wharf. Though I suppose there are enough customers for The Excel Conference Centre and Canary Wharf (there is a free regular hotel shuttle bus from C.W.) to keep it reasonably popular. There probably are London hotels with pools etc. for slightly less than this which are much more central.I have stayed here before, in previous instances of this hotel, and had a front view of the Royal Victoria Dock which is pretty super. The Thames is more or less at its widest at this point in the whole of the city.I found it quite a likeable, then a reasonably soulless place. There was not much of 'lastingness' in the hotel I felt. Though I liked the bar and restaurant, the bar than palled for me, though again it is nice enough, a good enough place to relax. Cocktails are £8.I had one complimentary night on this stay, and the price, booked directly with Inter Continental Hotels, came to approximately £148 for one night with the one complimentary night. The rate of £99 doesn't include tax of 17.5 percent, and after that, I was told on checking out that the rate hadn't included breakfast, which was just under £16 per day. There's nothing you can do really when you don't expect to pay extra for breakfast. You have checked-in and the room information tells you that breakfast is served at a certain time duration, and there is no price or any suggestion that it costs more than the rate you have agreed in the room information, at reception, in the bar or restaurant, when you go to breakfast and during and after breakfast. For a legal contract the client must clearly know that something is being sold to him or her, and further the contract must be absolutely specific. I learnt at law school - it must be clear there is a contract - all the terms of the contract - the most important being price - must be absolutely clear so to be fully capable of knowing acceptance before the goods or services are delivered. And all the terms of the contract must be stated somehow to any customer before any contract can be recognised in law.I doubt anyone would sue this Crowne Plaza Hotel for £16 a day, but it is illegal to do what they do, and worse as many guests are foreign and will not be able to go along to a court and make a claim. To stay for two weeks, say, and be told you haven't agreed or paid already for breakfast, would be worth suing for, as you do not expect something like that. There is never even a hint of a suggestion in the whole hotel that breakfast is extra to the direct Crowne Plaza hotel rate - and never even the suggestion of an offer to buy breakfast for any price, until you are checking out.The second two nights of my four night stay in London this December were in another four star in London, The Chiswick Moran, which I much preferred. It is a lovely hotel, which cost over £20 less for two nights even though one of the Crowne Plaza nights was complimentary for me.WATCH - if looking for trains into Central London late at night (Friday in this case). The hotel's live train information showed the same as the platform: two trains to come, well after midnight. The ticket machine said to make sure there were trains left before you buy a ticket, which I did. But both trains disappeared from the screen after fifteen more minutes of waiting, and none came, then the screen said &quot;System Closed&quot;. A taxi to Clerkenwell cost me £25 from Abba taxis, which I thought was reasonable.It's best to list the good points and bad points for me as I can't make my mind up about the hotel itself, breakfast charges aside.Good pointsGood seaweed toiletries. The bathroom is also quite nice.I must say, the desk armchair is one of the most comfortable you will find, as both the seat and back move with your body separately at angles to give excellent, functional comfort. However, the bright red leather didn't appeal to me to say the least, and I got really sick of it.I loved the soft armchair in the room, lovely fabric and excellent idea to have it in two parts - the long, high footstool part forming a good chaise longue with the armchair when placed against the chair, as I found it. A more subdued red than elsewhere in the hotel, and attractive. An excellent point.The restaurant and bar staff seemed pleasant and their service was very good.As an I.C. priority card holder, I received a free small glass of nice wine with a meal. I really recommend the South African Beaujolais, but only one glass of the house wine, La Campagne Merlot. In the bar, the large bottles of Magners cider are a good idea.Restaurant - good and bad - main course was reasonable but also less than reasonable (thai green curry). Starter, soup, was of a gourmet standard, and the pastry desert, mille feuilles, was really delicious, excellent. Prices were a little expensive for this far out I thought, though starter and desert were very worth it.The bar is quite nice, and spacious, but the bright red leather everywhere got to me after a while. I'm at a 'don't have leather' and 'don't have wood' stage of life.Breakfast is as close to excellent as I have come in quite a few years, and better than most Crowne Plaza Hotels I have stayed in, though you do pay for this. As much freshly squeezed orange juice as you want. Excellent fruit selection. The best part is the fresh baked blueberry muffins and pastries. Very good seeds, nuts and dried fruit selection to go with your cereal (around 10 selections of cereal). Eat as much as you want. Sausages are herbal, lovely.Excellent musical duo in the bar on Friday nights from 9.30. Lovely Latin American and North African music (guitar, vocal and percussion.)Jacuzzi is fine and swimming pool a reasonable size though not large. Gym was fine on my visit though see bad points also.Royal Victoria Dock D.L.R. train station is only a couple of minutes walk from the hotel (quicker via passageway) and Canning Town on Jubilee underground train line is one stop away. It's about 20 to 25 minutes to the South Bank if lucky, but more usually around 30 or a few more. The nearest night bus only goes to Canning Town, so you need a taxi from there.Royal Victoria Dock is nice, though there is nothing out here but a nice bar and restaurant opposite which I have been in before, not this time. I think it is a Caribbean place, in an attractive location. I don't know if the local Ibis Hotel has a bar for visitors. It's not very far on the train to O2 Centre and Canary Wharf.Bad pointsThe garish bright red and browns of the room and the coridor carpet made me feel really sick actually, gradually during my stay. The only thing I liked of the colour scheme was the very thick floor length curtains. To me, these certainly are far from the nicest Crowne Plaza Hotel rooms which can be very attractive. Perhaps many like them though!I had a view of a multi story carpark opposite, and just that, though the smallish window was too dirty too see out of well, and I don't know how would be cleaned as the window only tilts open height-wise from the bottom. Perhaps that is the reason and the reason, like the problem, will remain.The sauna was broken for my whole stay, stuck at around fifty-five degrees. This temperature is hardly worth staying in at. There was a sign saying that the contractor had been contacted, but they obviously don't have a same day or even next day call out agreement. The steam room was broken completely for my whole stay, with no access. Just a sign that it was broken was given, no mention of contractors here. When this happens for more than a full day, especially if the facilities are the reason you have gone to this hotel and not another, one may expect a partial refund or gratuity, for example drinks, but there was nothing. (I remember staying in a two star place in Canada with a small sauna where the lovely staff contacted everyone possible to have the sauna fixed within hours and it was. Crowne Plaza wastes no such effort.)I have been here a good number of times, and the steam room was nearly always broken and the sauna nearly always at very low temperature. I doubt it is usually like this, but it is sufficient to get angry when neither were fixed for any duration of my stays.The fitness room is small for a large hotel with over 200 rooms and whose leisure facilities are also an external leisure club.The best available price, booking nearly two months in advance came to approximately £132 per night with breakfast. I checked around a week before my stay with a number of web travel agents who often offer very good savings on London hotels, the single rate for my dates at this time was £149 per night with budget agents. I feel this is too expensive for this hotel, and I feel the hotel is a litte expensive for the rate I got without a complimentary night.I don't think I would go again and pay the full rate without the complimentary night I received. For this location, two thirds of that price all inclusive would be appropriate, or less. I took the price of £99 thinking at first it was all inclusive. I probably would not have booked if the full price with tax was given upfront, and certainly if I had known they don't tell you about breakfasts charges until you've eaten them all..	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Hotel	Wow! This was a great hotel. Very modern and clean. Great staff. Everyone of the hotel staff was willing to help. No one was waiting around for service. Hotel is only 5 years old. Beds are low but very comfortable. The only thing negative was there is nothing around within walking distance. Tube conncection is just minutes away and it does not take but 10-15 minutes to get to town. We stayed at St James Crowne Plaza for three nights and here for 2 nights. Even though the hotels are the same brand they were very different. Definately would recommend this hotel. Pool was indoors and great as well.	
Nov 10 2007 	The best in London!	We stayed here in November whilst visiting the Stuff magazine annual show in Hammersmith. I have to say this is an excellent hotel. We got a rate of £76 for a Double through lastminutelondon.com - but don't use them as they didn't confirm the reservation with the hotel. Fortunately however the staff at the hotel were very helpful and even though they couldn't get through to the travel agent, they created a reservation for us and didn't ask for payment from us - they said they would take it up with t/a directly! Excellent start.The room was really nice with a view out over the Dome - we even got a firework display later that evening thanks to the Silvertown Residents Association.Food wasn't over the top priced either - we got a bar meal for £30 including two rounds of drinks. Leisure facilities were fine too.Overall, a top class hotel which is very well maintained. I really couldn't fault it.	
Nov 6 2007 	Good.....for what it is.	This modern Crowne Plaza is clean and comfortable in all respects and I enjoyed my stay although didn't make use of all the facilities (fitness centre, pool, restaurant) apart from the bar. There is no club lounge and I was given a free drink token instead. They charged for my morning newspaper which was a bit strange considering exactly the same one is free in the reception! The hotel is located near the conference centre Excel and there is a very short walk to the Docklands Light Railway which can take you to the City. It costs £4 to travel to Bank unless you have an Oyster Card (welcome to London, the city that loves to rip you off). A taxi back at night cost me £25. So great if you're doing something at Excel but not the most convenient for a night on the town.	
Oct 4 2007 	Stay in the city instead!	I stayed here because I was going to a conference at Excel and thought I should be nearby. What I didn't know is that it's a wasteland around here after the conference ended each day. No restaurants, bars, shopping - outside the fast food in the expo hal or what's in your hotel. And I also didn't know that it's not that difficult to get in/out of London from Excel like I thought it would be.To top it off, the hotel is what I would call &quot;budget business.&quot; It has all the trappings of a business hotel, but done poorly. The &quot;stylish&quot; look of the decor is all cheap particle board furniture. The desk chair is too low and too reclined with no adjustments. The Internet is cable-only (not wifi in the rooms) and verrry slow (although claimed to be high speed) and very expensive. The room service is edible, but that's all. The towels are crunchy. The hairdryer is attached to the wall - do they really think I am going to steal it? And the lighting in the bathroom was terrible - how can you get dressed to two tiny spotlights?The one upside is the front desk checkin person was friendly and professional. All in all, I don't plan on staying here again.	
Sep 24 2007 	excellent hotel in the docklands	i stayed here for 2 nights on business in the east of london and was more than happy with my choice.the rooms were good size and very clean .they were also well equipped with keypads for internet,movie channells etc.......all for a very premium price i must add!!.breakfast buffet was very good with all items fresh unlike most buffets in the UK .overall i would stay here agin if i needed to be in this end of London.	
Sep 16 2007 	Good Hotel A Bit Out Of The Way	Rooms: The room was very nicely furnished with a large TV. And the bathroom was nice too with the usually toiletries and a really good shower.Staff: The staff were good and checking in and out were a doddle.Location: This was very close to where we wanted to be (The O2 Arena). But still a 10-15min walk from the nearest tube station so it meant a lot of walking.Food &amp; Drink: We ate there once and it was kinda pricey but the food came quickly and was quite nice so cant really complain.Overall: It is a good hotel if you are planning on seeing a show at that end of London but I wouldn't use it as a base to explore central London.	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice hotel on outskirts of London	I stayed in this hotel with my mum and her partner visiting from New Zealand. It is a little on the outskirts of London but is a nice hotel. The rooms are nicely decorated, well maintained and very clean. They are also quite large. The room we had was a double with a sofa bed which was surprisingly comfortable. The sofa bed was already made up when we checked in. And even with the sofa bed out there was still ample room for 3 of us to move around and be comfortable in. Our room overlooked the carpark which wasn't great but it was quiet nonetheless. I presume some of the other rooms would have a nice view of the dock area.The hotel has a gym which is reasonably small but has the main equipment. The pool was closed for maintenance or renovation while we stayed there. I didn't have the breakfast but my mum said it was nice.The staff were quite good, nothing to mention specifically but friendly and gave us directions over the phone when we phoned at midnight having got off the train and we didn't know where to go. Nothing at all to complain about, would stay again!	
Sep 12 2007 	Excellent stay!	We booked a 2 night stay over the August Bank Holiday and had an excellent stay. We wanted to stay around the Excel area and so it was perfect. Very modern hotel with good sized rooms, excellent buffet breakfast and swimming pool. We have 2 kids so the pool was a bonus!A few minutes walk to the DLR station so very handy.We got a great room rate of £66 including breakfast per night and were delighted with it. We stayed at The Hilton Canary Wharf last year, but the rates are much higher and the hotel and standards are equally as good! Will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Hotel Package!	I booked this hotel when I took my girlfriend on anniversary trip seeing Prince at the O2. I booked the celebration package which for £178 included; Junior Suite with balcony over the docks, 3 course meal, bottle of champagne, full english breakfast and free car parking. ALL FOR £178! I know its not easy to get to central London but only took 25 minutes. If your going to the O2 this takes some beating. I worked it out after all the additionals with the Celebration package and a junior suite for under £60, you cant go wrong!	
Sep 3 2007 	Excellent throughout	We went to the 02 arena to see Prince on 1st September &amp; were looking for a nearby hotel and were not disappointed. The hotel is within 20 mins of the arena and the hotel is very close to the DLR (Docklands Light Railway). The hotel is well appointed and overlooks Victoria Dock. Check-in was smooth and helpful with directions offered to the 02 without being asked for. Impressive !! The hotel is well decorated and spotlessly clean. Our room on the second floor overlooked the dock and had a good view of the 02 arena. The double bed was comfortable and of a good size and the bathroom had a superb shower (very refreshing after the journey). Plenty of clean towels and the bathrobes a nice touch. We had dinner in the restaurant and that was of a very good standard. The staff were helpful but not to the point of being intrusive. After the gig (which was excellent by the way!!) we had a cocktail in the bar. Great selections of cocktails for about £8 a throw and plenty of other non-cocktail options too. A peaceful nights sleep was followed by use of the on-site leisure facilities. A dip in the pool and a bit of steam and then a sauna and a jacuzzi to set us up for breakfast. I avoided the gym though as I'm not THAT energetic !! Breakfast is served upto, I think, 11:00am at weekends. This was of a very good standard. A self-service buffet offering a full-english or continental style breakfast option. In the Hotel Foyer there were a couple of Vespa Scooters which could be hired for £45.00 per day or £90.00 for the weekend if you're feeling adventurous. Our stay at the Hotel was excellent throughout the weekend and the staff very helpful, courteous and cheerful.	
Sep 2 2007	Good but sterile hotel	This is a good hotel, which is isolated from the centre of London but beside the Excel centre and close to Canary Wharf. It has all the necessary creature comforts but do not expect to go for a walk in the evening. The staff are competent.	
Aug 31 2007 	Nice modern hotel one of my favourites	I was a regular there on business. Decent size rooms with nice modern furnishing. Swanky bar and good breakfast. Has one of the nicest hotel swimming pool in town. Slightly out of the way but within 5 minutes walk from the DLR station.Tried both &quot;bar food&quot; and &quot;fine dining&quot; room service there - both are recommendable but I am afraid you might have to take the DLR back to central London or Canary Wharf if you want something else or the place is pretty deserted at night. There is a goodThai restaurant within 10 minutes walk (look towards the North East from the hotel entrance and you will see a big red neon sign) there but don't use the Chinese restaurant nearby. Dinner took 3 full hours last time I was there as they just had problems delivering. The hotel offers a shuttle bus service between the Excel Centre and its vicinity e.g. Canary Wharf, the morning buses can get quite crowded so remember to pre-book the service when you check in. Also remember to ask for the driver's (a decent Polish chap last time I was there) mobile number to see if he can come and pick you up on the way back (you can pre-book that at the hotel reception as well! He works really hard to keep everybody happy!Switched to another hotel nearby recently due only to the fact that the other hotel was preferred by the rest of my team (colleagues) so really don't want to be the odd ball here. Will definitely go back later in the year or when I am on my own.	
Aug 12 2007 	Excellent hotel	We booked this hotel as it was close to the O2 arena in London. The location is close to the Docklands Light Railway, which has great links to all the London attractions. It is also close to the ExCel centre with the Fox pub and a lovely chinese restaurant.The hotel is quite new with a funky bar.There are leisure facilities which looked great with long opening hours, although we didn't use them on this trip.Check-in and out were both painless. Carparking is behind the hotel at a special rate £14.50 for 24hours. Room was luxurious and spacious with everything you need from bathrobes to mini-bar etc.Breakfast is served until 11.30am on the weekend - really quite late. It is a self service buffet with something for everyone. Our only criticism is the tea and coffee which they serve when they get the chance or you remind them!Overall we shall be happy to stay again.	
Aug 11 2007 	Fantastic Hotel !!!	As a frequent business and leisure traveller, I cannot find fault with this hotel at all.I booked the celebration package which for £175 included an executive room with balcony, full breakfast and 3 course evening meal.The decor of the hotel and rooms were very modern and spacious, and the bar had a great atmosphere so much so that we ate and spent the evening in the hotel bar.It is correct that most of the hotel staff are foreign but all of which were friendly and very polite.I have just booked my friend for a 40th Birthday directly with the hotel, and really can't complain where else can you get a 4 star hotel in London, in a queen room with 3 course dinner and breakfast for £124 in total.I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 11 2007 	Great Location but dearest of local hotels	I will first deal with its room cost. I visit London Excel 2 to 3 times a year for various events and normally stay in the Novotel or IBIS which are a 2 minute walk from the Crowne Plaza. Both Novotel and Ibis were fully booked so I gave the Crowne Plaza a try. I was not disappointed although paying about £25 to £30 more than usual.The hotel has a great location at the front of the London ExCel Exhibition centre with an easy walk from Royal Victoria DLR station.Take your swim gear to enjoy a swim before dinner, I did not take mine and regretted it.My room was excellent with all I needed including a bath robe. The work desk was set up for working on with full executive chair and desk lamps. For a business traveller visiting the London Excel it is great and they have a bus shuttle to Canary Wharfe as well.I dined in the restaurant and the meal was fantastic. I like to finish with a Irish Coffee and this was a bit dissappointing.This hotel is geared to the business traveller in the week and it shows but! I certainly would not put people off staying here and if you can negoiate a rate closer to those on offer at other adjacent hotels, go for it.Locally out the front of the hotel on the dock quayside is a small general store if you require small items during your stay. A top carribbean restaurant is right opposite the main entrance and a chinese restaurant called the Superstar is along the road towards the main entrance of the ExCel centre. With good rail links to central london on the DLR you can be outside The Ritz Hotel Piccadilly in about 30 minutes.The Excel centre itself when open has coffee bars, eateries and shops in and free to use cash dispensers.	
Jun 29 2007 	Spacious with excellent breakfast	We stayed here last november for a convention at the excel center. This hotel is brilliant if you need a room for more than 2 people. We booked a room for 3 and got a massive sofa bed which was already set up for us. Furthermore it felt like a proper bed rather than the usual sofa beds you can sometimes end up with in hotels. This hotel is slightly more expensive than some of the other hotels in the area but if your budget isn't too tight then this would be worth a visit. There is a great swimming pool if you're keen on getting some lapse in. Last but not least, the breakfast is fantastic. They have quite a big selection including lots of choices for the small kiddies!	
May 1 2007 	Very nice hotel	We stayed the weekend of the London marathon as we were running the marathon ourselves. We booked the hotel using our priority points and being a platinum cardholder the room was upgraded even though this is not usually the case when using the points. We wanted a hotel near the Excel centre as we had to register on the Saturday and were not disappointed as it was a short few mins walk down the road. We parked in the hotel car park which charged £15 night, a reasonable amount of spaces but there was also a multi storey car park next door. We used the DLR around the corner from the hotel and we were in London in 10-15 mins, probably not the ideal location if you were sightseeing all day/night but for us it suited us fine. The room was clean and had everything we needed - tea/coffee / bathrobes / toiletries etc. We ate in the hotel restaurant / the bar and also ordered from room service and we were pleasantly surprised at the prices and the sizes of the meals - especially as we had a large appetite to feed after running 26.2 miles! We were told the hotel was fully booked but it did not feel overcrowded and the service was not impaired. We used the pool facilities on our last morning (as checkout was only 12pm), they were a necessity to ease our aching legs and almost had the place to ourselves. After reading some of the previous reviews I was a little wary of the service standards but I would recommend this hotel and would stay here next time if we get the chance to take part in the marathon again.	
Apr 20 2007 	A Pleasant Stay	We stayed at this hotel over the Easter Weekend with another two couples, having booked theatre tickets for the weekend.Check-in was handled smoothly, no problems or delays and we were allowed into our rooms a little early. Same with check-out - very efficient.Rooms/bathrooms were fine, clean and well equipped although no safe in the room. We had views over the river, although one couple in our party were overlooking the car park - glad we weren't allocated that room!Breakfast was good, hot and cold buffet, plenty on offer, staff a little scarce but not a problem as it was self service.Bar service was a bit hit and miss, some staff more attentive than others and they seemed better during the evening. Bar was very busy during the evenings with a club like atmosphere. Location – probably not the best if you want to be in Central London. The docklands service and the underground were excellent with trains running every ten minutes about two minutes walk from the hotel. There didn't appear to be much going on around the hotel. It is probably busier when there are exhibitions at Excel and even though we think that the hotel is more suited to the business traveller we would stay here again.	
Mar 28 2007 	Don't be put off by the bad reviews! - We had an excellent stay.	My 10 year old daughter and I stayed here Fri 23/03/ to Sun 25/03.My daughter particularly wanted to stay somewhere with a pool and, as we were also on a fairly tight budget, this excluded many Central London hotels. At the time of booking there were some mixed reviews but shortly after there appeared some really bad ones. Naturally, I was fairly apprehensive about what to expect...A previous reviewer had commented on the number of foreign staff in the hotel and yes, it is true that all the employees, bar one, that we spoke with did have noticeable foreign accents. This said, we had no problem in understanding them or they us and every single member of staff was unfailingly polite, friendly and helpful.On the Friday evening we opted to eat in the hotel. The restaurant menu was fairly standard. Two of the main courses listed were unavailable that night which was disappointing, however kids eat free so I cannot complain too much! The food was acceptable, more ok, rather than outstanding. The buffet breakfast was very good and set us up for a full day of sightseeing.Our twin bedded room was well furnished, very clean and reasonably spacious. The items in the mini bar were expensive as with most hotels, however two small bottles of mineral water per day were complementary. There were also complementary newspapers and an ice machine just along the corridor.The health club facilities were fairly standard but pleasant nonetheless. There is a gym, swimming pool, unisex jacuzzi and steam room, but seperate saunas for men and women. Being able to relax in the pool after a hard day's sightseeing was definitely worth the 15 minute DLR journey from Tower Gateway.A word of warning - there is a very large new development being built right next to the hotel. The short walk from the station to the hotel was therefore very noisy. Inside our room were not aware of the noise, but our room was right at the opposite end of the hotel. Some of the rooms had a very nice outlook over the dock whilst others, (ours included) looked onto the multi-storey car park. If I stayed here again I would make a point of requesting a room with a view of the dock although the voile curtain is thick enough to hide most of the view of the car park.Overall, we had a very pleasant stay. I felt that the hotel offered good value for money and the attitude of the staff certainly contributed to our enjoyment of the weekend.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great stay	We loved the modern, relaxed atmosphere at this hotel. Staff were friendly and very helpful - even if checking in was a little slow - they couldn't do enough for us. Our elderly father was treated with great respect and all the help he needed was freely given. Bar food was simple but well cooked and breakfast of first class quality. We'd visit again.	
Jan 15 2007 	Distinctly generic hotel but that will do me!	OK, so it's not the Ritz, but the rooms are clean, the beds are the usual Crowne Plaza brand and therefore suprimely comfortable. The staff are your average hotel staff in London (don't speak perfect English, but certainly no communication difficulties)! Food is ok, as is breakfast. The best thing about the hotel is the decor (in my view), it is modern, but inoffensive. Certainly, if you are at ExCel, you can't go wroing! For central London it is a short journey by DLR and Tube away, about 25 mins. Due to its out of city location, the rates tend to be much less than your average London hotel -expect to pay about £90 per room if you book about 2 weeks in advance. In London on the other hand £150 would be a reasonable expectation -the rooms are also bigger at this hotel. There is nothing &quot;special&quot; about this hotel, it is soulless, but it woks just fine.	
Nov 1 2006 	OK	I stayed here for 4 nights while at a trade show at the Excel Centre in February.It is a very good location for that, next door to a man-made lake (part of docklands) and a short walk to the Excel Centre.Of course, the hotel was busy with exhibition attendee's.The hotel coped well enough with this busy crowd.My room was rather nice, bigger than I was expecting and comfortable. Clean. The only downside is that on a windy day the wind howls around the outside, it seems to whistle through parts of the exterior building, and can be quite loud.The bar area can get very busy if there are large groups of salesmen in for the Exhibition Centre.Breakfast was good, in terms of quality and service.Good for: Staying near Excel, exhibitions.Not so good for: a quiet few days away.	
Oct 11 2006 	Dont go there	Dont go there!!!!!!Let me introduce myself. A frequent traveller in Europe and a fan of Priority Club. I have seen Holiday Inns, Intercontinentals and Crowne Plazas, etc. This trip confirmed my belief that the success of a company depends on good management and good people. Definitely not present in this London (monopoly location?)hotel. A shame for the group of hotels.I arrived for a fair on Sunday evening. After a full day of travel I arrive at the bar and a girl tells me that I can still order a sandwich, just need to sit down. Nobody is coming. Obviously the staff is stressed. not enough staff..I return to the bar after 10mins and another guy tells me that the kitchen is closed. only roomservice. I order a beer and go to the reception to order a sandwich which i need to eat in the room. I prefer to eat in the lobby as my colleagues are nearby in the bar.After returning to the bar I see a waiter who wants to serve a cup of coffee. it falls down and people laugh at the same time at an adjascent table. Obviously only cause they have fun, and not related to the incident. The waiter goes there and tells them &quot;this is not funny!&quot; in a very angry tone.This was the moment when I decided I have to tell my fellow travelers about this place.Monday after our Sales Meeting we go for lunch. We order but the waiters have no clue who ordered what. Finally we get our drinks and are left alone. After all glasses are empty we manage to convince a waiter that we would like a second round of drinks…Tuesday afternoon my colleague hands over my power adaptor to the receptionist at 15h. I return from the fair at 18h and ask for the adaptor. Nothing. They don’t find it. After having called my colleague if he handed in the device I speak to the lady whom he had given the adaptor. (BTW I was not able to receive a EUROPE –UK adaptor since Sunday nite from them, well its only a hotel next to Excel with only a few people from the continent)She told me that she confused it and thought that my colleague would return a lended adaptor……I told her it was mine that I bought for 5pounds and I expect it back when I return from dinner. She tells me she will find a solution….I turn to the concierge to see where my taxi is I ordered for 18h50. still not here. They order one for me……no taxis are waiting although I always see people asking for a taxi. Bad organization…So I am waiting outside as still after 5mins no taxi is here. Luckily another cab passes by and I am able to catch up and be on time for my meeting in the center.As I return from dinner I ask for the adaptor, Nothing. Although a solution was promised. I ask for the manager (Tesh?) I ask him to go to another room to discuss as I am upset. He prefers to stay at the reception. I tell him that my stay has been a disaster from day 1.I am telling him my story and get really upset as he tells me he might give me the adaptor the next morning. No excuse from his side instead he threatens to call the police to throw me out!!!!I am laughing at him and tell him to do it!Finally they search for the 10 time and find an adaptor with my room number on it…Its not mine but looks alike so I take it in order to stay connected……..I don’t blame the employees but the management. Obviously 90% of the people are not trained and would not even survive in any of the East European hotels I usually stay. I saw waiters who had trouble to hold the trays and serve the drinks at the same time. (e.g. coffee cup example)Would be glad to see other colleagues who can confirm my impressions!Alexander	
Jul 25 2006 	Don't go for a Celebration!	We booked a &quot;celebration&quot; package for one night which included 3 course dinner and champagne, fortunately we weren't celebrating anything other than going to the Roxy Music concert at Ex-Cel. First impressions were fine, lovely room (excepting the building site opposite). Our first problem was at the bar, the eastern european staff are all winging it with none of them really knowing what they are doing, the service was dire and our free drink (another part of the package) was queried as Reception hadn't hit the right button the the pc when we checked in. At dinner we requested our champagne and waited for 15 mins before a bottle of Verve Cliquot was shown us, only to be whisked straight away and replaced with the house champers! Dinner was very average, can say no more about it. Breakfast was the usual buffet service, the juice was so weak it was tasteless. We had to go over to the waiters who were standing chatting at the service point to ask for some tea - and then all they have to do is top up mugs from a large thermos!For the money it was completey unworth it - thankfully the concert was great but if it had have been a celebration weekend it wouldn't have been a very good one!	
Jul 4 2006	Not as good as Beijing!	Having recently stayed at the Crowne Plaza in Beijing and being very impressed, I was very excited at the prospect of staying at the Crowne Plaza in Docklands.Sadly the two cannot be compared.The reception is dull, the lifts badly lit. The room was ok-ish, but it felt and looked just a bit grubby, as if nobody really cared whether it was cleaned properly or not. The sheets though were beautifully crisp, white and clean.Unfortunately we were put in a room overlooking a building site,so we were rudely awoken at 8am by the sound of drilling.The breakfast certainly wasn't anything to write home about - it was ok, but having sampled the breakfast in Beijing I was just left disappointed.If you are used to the high quality of the Crowne Plaza elsewhere, do not stay at their London Docklands branch.	
Jun 29 2006 	pleasently surprised	Good hotel and service by friendly staff. Well located close to London City Airport and the City of London still easily to reach by DLR in 20 minutes.	
May 12 2006	Very nice but undertrained staff	We ended up staying here when our airline decided that they couldn't carry us that night! We were flying from City Airport. The hotel was fairly new then, and the rooms were very comfortable indeed - and clean. Decor was imaginative and funky. I also loved the views from our room across the Greenwich Peninsula and the docks. The food in the restaurant was good (without being first class) but the serving staff needed a little more training. Our waitress was trying to pour wine with her thumb in the base of the bottle, which was obviously something that she was not well-trained at since it nearly went all over me. The bread rolls did all end up in my lap when they were served in an equally trying- to-be-very-upmarket way.	
Apr 23 2006 	Decent business hotel	I stayed here for a week while working at Canary Wharf. Unlike a lot of the other posters here I found it an enjoyable experience. My room was clean, modern and large and well set up. My room faced the water which was much better than the car park. At no time did I hear a plane arrive at the airport nearby. Breakfast in the hotel was very good although staff did get a bit confused a few times. My partner ate dinner in the restaurant with a friend and both said the food was disappointing.The other facilities in the hotel (gym, pool, spa, steam room, sauna) are simply excellent and better than most hotels I have previously stayed at. These facilities are 5 star and really add to the hotel.I would recommend this hotel for business travellers for Canary Wharf or Excel. Due to the location and the lack of entertainment after dark I would not suggest this to anyone visiting London.	
Apr 18 2006	Don't go there unless you're attending a conference at Excel	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza Docklands over the Easter weekend having stayed at the Crowne Plaza St James previously. There is no comparison. I'd made the reservations in January for my husband and self and for my parents-in-law. When we arrived there was only one booking although we had prepaid and I had the confirmation numbers with me. One booking was in a completely different name!Our rooms were shabby - there was a water mark on the ceiling in one room and the furniture was badly damaged in the other. Only one room had a safe, neither had a trouser press or mini bar and by 4 pm on the second day of our stay one room hadn't been serviced! The linen was decidedly grubby, the air con and extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work.On Friday evening we went for a drink in the bar but didn't stay long as it was like the local youth club - full of &quot;immigrants&quot; playing pool - not what you'd expect at a Crowne Plaza. The lighting is very dim both in the bar and in the lifts and bar staff seemed indifferent so we didn't bother with the restaurant.We gave up and went to the Novatel nearby where the bar is on the first floor overlooking the water, has comfortable seating and the staff couldn't have been more attentive even though they were aware we weren't guests in the hotel.The Docklands Light Railway service is excellent and, if you buy a single ticket to, eg, Canary Wharf (well worth a visit) you can buy a travel ticket for the whole underground system and the bus service.The Excel centre is open during the day and evening but, when there's no conference taking place, it appears to be a meeting hall for the locals. There are one or two fast food shops open but it's not a place to wander around alone.	
Apr 4 2006	Don't Bother	The location is good but the staff are arrogant, rude and don't put the customer first.I reserved a double room but could only be offered a twin even though I booked a month beforehand! Don't be impressed by the grand looks - it's on a flight path to London City airport and is clearly run by immigrants who don't care about you.In-room internet is expensive (£15 per day)....Keep Away!	
Mar 20 2006 	Stay Elsewhere -- Staffs do Not cooperate with Customer	I stay in this hotel on a business trip. I told the receptionist that, I requested a room, which was quiet such that I could finish my work in a day. I told him that I knew this hotel was located near the City Airport runway and I wished to have a room, which was not facing the runway. He replied that it was no problem and my room should be OK. On the morning of next day, I found that my room was not only facing the runway but also a construction site. I requested to change room. I finally moved to another room at 4:30 pm after I requested at 9:00 am. The whole day was wasted.In the first room, I cannot turn on a light to have some reading. I phoned the receptionist and no one came to change the light bulb. In the second room, the safe was not working and I could not lock the door. I did not bother to call to deal with this kind of staffs. When I came in the hotel, I found that the automatic door of the main entrance did not open. The sensor did not see you and did not open the door for you. No one in this hotel even bothered to put up a sign to inform the guests that the door did not open. Therefore, a lot of people stood in front of this door and have waited for a minute to find out that this door was not working.If I traveled to the Canary Wharf area for another business trip, I will stay in another hotel. There are a lot of hotels in the Canary Wharf area with staffs who are willing to provide a quiet room for a business traveler. A lot of hotels are much nearer to the Canary Wharf, the financial district. If I travel to the Exhibition Centre, I will like to stay in another hotel in this area. The DRL is convenient. If I travel to London for holiday, I would like to stay in the center of London. Why should I stay in a hotel, which is far away from the major attractions, and I get a room, which was noisy?	
Feb 21 2006 	Enjoyed my stay	stayed 1 nightGoodadjacent to Royal Victoria station which will take you into central London in 20mins and London city airport.recption staff friendly and helful.room service efficient and good choice.hotel clean and modernroom nicely furnished and comfortablepool small but otherwise fine. good hot tub and suana.bar and restuarant modern and funky overlooking dockands water.cheaper than central london hotels and has a pool.adjacent to Excel conference centerpoorNOT in any way in central london, if you are a tourist you will need to travel via tube 20mins at cost of £6 return. car parking is around £10-14 per dayno where to walk etc few bars nearby.summarygreat if you are a delegate attending a conference at the excel center. Also you get more for your money as slightly out of central london as long as you dont mind travelling on the tube to get everywhere. i stayed on business and took my family they enjoyed the pool and the staff were children friendly albiet this hotel is really set up for business peolpe.	
Feb 9 2006 	do yourself a favor and stay Anywhere but this place	The good things. Less then 5 min from the Docklands Light Railway. The hotel has a gym and a pool. Breakfast is pretty good.The bad things - could not get a good night sleep because the mattress was old and soft. When I complained to the hotel they offered to use wooden board, but hotel does not have enough of these boards for every room. Not enough water pressure to shower and temperature switching from burning hot to icy cold - this never been fixed. The rooms are in need of renovation. The furniture is old. Internet service in rooms does not work.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 23 2006 	Functional but isolated.	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza, Docklands for a 2 night business trip.Arrival: Travelled via the Docklands Light Railway from Canary Wharf. Due to construction work I ended up having to go through a multi-storey car park in order to reach the front door of the hotel. The hotel do run a shuttle bus during commuter hours to/from Canary Wharf. I would definitely recommend this means, although you need to book at peak times.Check-in:When I checked in I was told my room was a twin room, with 2 single beds. Being 6'3&quot;, this was not ideal, so I asked if there were any rooms with a double bed available. I was told that there was if I wanted to upgrade (at a cost). Out of principal I declined, but over the next few minutes the receptionist continued to keep asking about this upgrade, which I started to find annoying. Not sure if there is some kind of staff incentive for selling upgrades. My mood was not helped when I found out my 5'3&quot; colleague had been given a double room without upgrading!Room:Clean, modern, with a good view of Canary Wharf, even from the 3rd floor. Although this view may disappear when the construction next door is completed. Bath / shower in good condition. Aircon was a bit noisy. Tiny single beds...Food/Drink:There is absolutely nothing nearby, save for the conference centre, so unless you are willing to travel a little, the hotel bar/restaurant is your only option. After deciding nothing on the restaurant menu appealed, I decided on a burger off the bar menu which was okay. Food and drink prices were a shade on the expensive side, but surroundings are pleasant enough and the staff generally attentive.Overall:Would probably stay somewhere with more surrounding amenities in future. But a decent, modern functional hotel.	
Jan 12 2006	Pleasantly surprised	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza London Docklands for 2 nights in December, since we were attending a wedding in Canary Wharf. Getting off at the Royal Victoria DLR stop, we could spot the hotel easily since the big red sign was clear about 100 yards away, but navigating round the building site next to it was a bit more problematic, and there was a lack of pavements. We found that there is a back entrance to the hotel which brings you out right at the DLR station the next day, so use that if you stay here!!The room we got seemed to be a superior room, although I'd booked a standard one, however since I'm a Platinum Priority Club card holder, sometimes room upgrades are given. The room itself was lovely, clean and modern, well fitted, and everything worked perfectly (shower, air conditioning etc). We got unlimited free bottles of water from the minibar and a free bottle of wine on arrival.The other facilities in the hotel are good too - the gym &amp; pool are useful, and the bar and restaurant area are a good size and very modern. WE had breakfast one morning, but didn't use the bar at other times, as Christmas parties had taken up residence.Overall I was very impressed by this hotel. The location is not going to be useful for everyone, but for anyone travelling to the docklands or Excel then I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 22 2005	Flight path!	If this hotel was in a different location I would not have had a problem with it, other than the fact we were in a non-smoking room which absolutely reeked of smoke! The service was OK but we found a couple of the receptionists really rude and unpleasant. The cleaning staff and housekeeping were all nice though. However, it is right under a flight path! I can't understand how some many other reviewers have not mentioned this. I am not a particularly light sleeper but I found the noise unbearable as the planes pass directly over the top of the hotel very, very low. There is nothing in the surrounding area either - no shops, pubs, bars, restaurants so make sure you have everything you couls possibly need before going back to the hotel at night!The hotel would have got 3 out of 5 if it had been in central London, or at least in a better location.	
Dec 16 2005	Good value if you upgrade at check-in	I stayed at this hotel in September. I was resident on a Sunday and Monday night and I booked a Superior Room for £110 + VAT (Incl Breakfast). The hotel is a 2 minute walk (if that) from the Docklands Light Railway - Royal Victoria Station. It takes 10 minutes to get into Tower Bridge DLR station so it is convenient. If you like a hotel in a quiet area (as in no shops/nightlife) then this hotel is ideal as it is right beside the river surrounded by apartments, excel centre and new apartment developments. You also get a very good view of the millennium dome and canary wharf.The only noise is from the planes at London City Airport, this isn't an overly busy airport and it didn't affect me at all however if you are a light sleeper you may wish to take some ear plugs.We used the DLR to get to the hotel and walked round the corner to reception which is modern but I wouldn't say luxurious.There was a separate check in area for Priority Club members which was basically a sign hanging above one end of the reception desk together with a clipboard with details of all PC members checking in that day, the idea is you make your mark next to your name and your room card etc are all ready for you in an envelope, credit card pre-authorised etc, so there is no waiting around. I am a platinum member of PC but my details were not on the list which in fact was empty.The staff at reception were quite efficient and pleasant and gave my room key to me promptly. No mention of an upgrade was made (a benefit of Platinum PC membership) so I asked and was told I had been upgraded to an Executive Room. When I asked the difference I was told it was the same room just on a higher floor (again can’t complain as it does state that is allowed in the terms and conditions also!).I enquiried if there were any suite available and how much it would cost to upgrade. They told me it would be £50 per night to upgrade to a Junior Suite or £75 to an Executive Suite.Having read the details of the rooms prior to booking on their website I knew the junior suite was just one large(ish) room so I chose the Executive Suite which was on the fourth floor (they have five in total I believe one on each floor).The room is located at the far end of the hotel on the corner. As you enter there is a hallway area with wardrobe, safe, iron, etc, door for the bathroom which had a standard size bath tub, separate power shower, sink and vanity unit, molton brown toiletries, all done out in a dark slate and white colour, quite nice looking but not overly big.The Living room was quite large and looked directly out over a development of a new road (this may be an apartment block by now as I believe Barratt are building there) then you got a clear view of the Millennium Dome and Canary Wharf in the distance together with the river. The living room and floor to ceiling windows which opened onto a balcony which was ok for standing on but wasn’t wide enough for chairs. The balcony wrapped around the whole suite area.The living room had a dining table for four people, usual desk area, two leather arm chairs and leather sofa (modern design in green and quite hard not very comfy but looked ok for the room). A filter coffee maker and one bag of coffee (more available free from housekeeping), 21” standard TV, mini bar, fairly good lighting and air conditioning which worked well in the living room area.The bedroom is at the other end of the hallway so very private if you had people round for drinks, this had a desk area, 21” TV, same style armchair and ottoman as the living room, very large super king sized bed which was actually very comfortable. The bedroom had its own separate balcony this time looking out directly over the river and nearby developments. Again there was air conditioning but it always seemed a little too warm for some reason.Service in the hotel was standard UK hotel service; I let you decide what that means! We did get everything we wanted in the end!Room service was ok but the menu was very boring. The restaurant downstairs was quite large and looked nice enough but at the weekend there is no body about so you would be dining on your own!Breakfast is served in the main restaurant downstairs, usual Crowne Plaza Offerings and service. Don’t order poached eggs they won’t arrive (both mornings), the buffet is not bad but nothing special and only worth having if it is included in your rate.For the price I paid I feel I got good value £204 a night incl VAT &amp; breakfast for a large (by London standard) executive suite. I wouldn’t however pay their rack rate of £360+ VAT excl breakfast.Hope this helps you make your mind up.	
Dec 4 2005 	Business Traveller	This hotel is excellent for the business traveller especially if your working around Canary Wharf. I stayed for 3 weeks and was very happy with my stay.High Points:*Rooms very clean*Staff very friendly*Shuttle bus to and from Canary WharfThanks,Steven	
Nov 11 2005	Good for the excel	We were in London for a conference at the excel. We had a executive room with a king bed. It was definitely above average. Nicely decorated, breakfast was good. The menu for the restaurant was not very good. The bar menu was better. In fact the bar was quite popular in spite of being pricey. We also walked over to the Novetel and ate dinner there.We looked at getting a room there too. Dinner was good. The Novetel was nice,It seemed like it was a step up from the Crowne, but the rooms were very pricey. For the money, the Crowne wins. There is not to much in the Docklands area so unless you are in for a convention, I would look else where. It took about 2 hours to get there from Heathrow on the metros. You have to make a few changes.	
Sep 8 2005 	Stay elsewhere	First the good things. It is only a short walk from the Docklands Light Railway which can take you to Canary Wharf or into the City. It is only about 20 minutes and not quite as far as it seems. However, as some other reviews have said there is nothing around the hotel so not somewhere you want to go unless you are in for the night.The first room I was in was a &quot;superior&quot; one. The second one which I was moved to (see later why) was a &quot;standard&quot; one and there was not much difference. Decent size, clean and well laid out in both rooms.That is about all I can saw good about this Crowne Plaza. I was initially given a smoking room (even although I had booked a non smoking one) and if you don't smoke and you end up in a smoky room it really isn't ideal. Now we all make mistakes, but how this was subsequently handled was really, really bad.I called reception to ask them to move me. After 15 minutes the promised call back had not materialised so I called again. Someone is on the way up. I wasn't going to wait as long again and just as well I didn't. I went to reception and was told nobody was on their way! I'd still be waiting if I hadn't have gone back to Reception.As a Platinum member of Priority Club (you need to say over 50 nights to get this) and you would expect, perhaps, that they might be keen to look after you. I was mistaken on that front. At least the room I was moved to was non smoking. However, as other reviewers have pointed out it is underneath the flight path for City Airport. I sleep pretty soundly and have spent many nights at airport hotels, but the noise woke me up. If you are a light sleeper you definetely don't want to stay here.The bed and pillows were way below the standard for Crowne Plaza, although that may be my perception as I was disappointed with the way I had been treated at the start of my stay. The CP at London City is excellent and well worth staying at (Standard or Executive Rooms are both excellent) and the beds there are very comfortable.All in all I wont be going back to this hotel and I would urge anyone thinking of booking here to think twice before doing so. You might be lucky and then again you might have a similar experience to mine!	
Aug 5 2005	Great setting decent hotel	The standard rooms here are not as flashy as some other new Crowne Plazas, however the hotel as a whole is lovely. Set on a dock side right next to a Docklands Light Railway station, it's a lovely place to stay, and get away from the noise and pollution of Central London. Yes, it takes a little while to get to from airports/central areas, but if you want to relax in the evenings (or other times during your stay) it's ideal - less so for a very short break on tight timescales, I guess. Good restaurant, bar and pool/gym, convenient parking (though watch the overnight charges at the ExCeL car park next door - use the hotel's instead. Our room had a couple of minor maintenance issues, but we were offered an upgrade, so can't complain.	
Jul 20 2005 	Modern Hotel with Gym 	This hotel is modern, clean, and stylish and has a gym and pool. Comfortable rooms with tea &amp; coffee. The gym is reasonable with treadmills, bikes, cross trainer and multi gym equipment. Additionally it is situated right beside a Victoria dock so you can run outside if you wish. I've only ever had the breakfast buffet which is great. Good range of cooked items, fresh fruits, cereals. Staff are very helpful and will try to accommodate requests. They are interested in you unlike some other hotels! As for transport it is a 2 minute walk from the DLR Royal Victoria Dock stop - it’s a 15/20 min ride into Tower Bridge stop. It’s 1 stop away from Canning Town which is on the Jubilee line. The hotel is perfect if you are doing business in the city and want a good hotel at a great rate. I used to stay in Thistle Tower - you would never go back if you try this place out. Admittedly it’s not in the centre of town but after a day’s work I'm happy to get back to my hotel to relax. I wouldn’t recommend it if you are seeing London as a tourist, I would say it’s just too far from the sights.	
Jun 18 2005	Nice Rooms..Too Far!	This hotel has modern, clean rooms...but is TOO FAR! They do not offer any type of shuttle or transportation service to/from the airport or downtown area. Be prepared to spend lots of time using public transportation and/or spending the majority of your vacation money on taxi cabs.	
Jan 24 2005	Lovely hotel		
Dec 17 2004	First class hotel you cannot get better for the money!		
Nov 25 2004	Excellent value!		
Oct 22 2004	Disappointing		
Sep 14 2004	awful awful awful		
Aug 23 2004	Great place to be		
Aug 22 2004	I'd stay here if I was you!		
Jul 28 2004	You must stay here!		
Jun 1 2004	Great hotel		
Jan 8 2004	Hidden gem for the weekend		
Nov 26 2009 	Bloß nicht mit der Familie		
Nov 15 2009 	sonnige Tage in London		
Nov 3 2008 	A éviter!		
Aug 19 2008 	Schönes Hotel in den Londoner Docklands		
Jul 20 2008 	hotel superbe		
Sep 8 2007 	Magnifico hotel		
Aug 21 2006 	Confort mais personnel déplaisant		
Jul 25 2006 	un vrai cauchemar		
