Nov 8 2009 	Good enough for the price	This hotel is in a great location,just two minutes walk from Monument tube station. The rooms are a decent size,very clean with decent facilities. The hotel lobby is nice,with free tea and coffee,and all ovber the hotel there is free mineral water dispensers. A few niggles,no hot water on the first night and the walls are very thin,you can hear people in the next rooms chatting and also the very loud boilers kicking in every time someone uses the hot water (when it is working) Overall though,I would use this place again,very central and good quality for the price we paid (£95 a night for a room)	
Oct 20 2009 	Very pleased with hotel	This is a very good hotel for business people and couples on vacation. The staff were very helpful and friendly. I was very satisfied with everything. The adjacent Bangalore Indian restaurant is very good and reasonable.	
Oct 8 2009 	VERY NICE HOTEL IN GREAT LOCATION	This is a great hotel, It is in a perfect location, it is close to the subway and the tower of london. Nice market next door with nice pizza Place. The staff were very nice with check in and all of our needs. The best part of this hotel is that there are little Water bottles that you can pick up and fill for the day. AND IT IS FREE! There is only a bar so Minors are not allowed. But otherwise very nice hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel for people of all ages	I travelled with my fiance and his parents, two brothers and two nephews aged 6 and 2 and half months.Hotel was immaculate and very safe (you had to use your room key to make the likft move!)Each floor had a water dispenser with bottles that you could fill up and use all day.We travelled to London for a wedding and only stayed for one night but would definately recommend.	
Oct 5 2009 	VERY PLEASANT STAY	I'm from the US, midwest. As others have noted, it's not the place if you are looking for weekend nightlife. However, close to attractions and transport, very reasonable rates, good amenities, gracious staff. Couldn't be happier. With some due diligence you can find a pub on the weekend within walking distance - try Chamerlins, near the Tower. My only beef is no ironing board. Small room, but it is London, after all. Starbucks down the street - important, because most places serve - ugh - Nescafe.	
Sep 21 2009 	Not weekend suitable	Stayed recently on a Sunday night - don't ever do this !The hotel is OK - rooms fine if small, small bathroom, no view but aircon. BUT, and big issue is that city of London shuts down at weekend and there are no bars or restaurants near that are open. All shut - even the Wetherspoons next door that is great during the week. The local Tescos and Pizza Express also closed - you need to walk to Tower Bridge or Holborn for any life.At £130 odd inc VAT corporate rate for Sunday - total rip off - spend the money on a central hotel and splash the money out on the tube for Monday morning - will be worth every penny.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good alternative	This hotel is a perfect alternative to a standard hotel for a city break in London. Obviously aimed at the business end of the market the Club Quarters Gracechurch manages to offer affordable comfortable accomodation in a prime location.The accomodation was booked as part of a birthday present by my partner. The hotel was found easilly and is ina very central location in an excellent part of London. Check in was quick and easy with help from the reception staff.Our room was on a high floor away from an elevator. The decor could do with a pick me up, the dark green's do take you back to the 70's but the accomodation's are modern and comfortable. We had booked a deluxe room with kitchenette and this was a great alternative to going out for food. There is an M&amp;S and Tesco across the road but due to this being located in the heart of the city these were closed at the weekend.A nice touch in this hotel is the free bottled water and free ice buckets which are really worthwhile.We took advantage of the late check out on the Sunday and over all really enjoyed our stay at Club Quarters Gracechurch.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great clean simple hotel in good location and low price	A lot of people say there is nothing open in the area on a w/end. well it is in the heart of the business district so that's sure going to be quite obvious.. however if you don't already know the area grab a map and you will find some great places that will be lively and open on a weekend in &lt;5 mins walk. head south down to london bridge area or head north up to spitelfields. there is so much history around that area, grab a book and read up. otherwise you will walk past jack the rippers old boozer without knowing it or completely miss a lively market hidden down a side street. I love this area of London, it is a shame so many people miss it as a tourist.Anyway - about the hotel. only a few mins walk from bank or liverpool street this hotel is incredibly central and located next door to a weatherspoons pub that is open on a Saturday. the hotel is very much self service. If you prepay through lastminute et.al just pop your card into the machine in reception and it will print out your room number and spit out a couple of door key cards. cool or what! no need to even go to reception. there is a nifty cold water machine with bottles in the hall outside your room and simple tea/coffee facilities in the room. no mini bar or restaurant. there are deliveries available from the steakhouse next door for £2.50 to your room but I dont think this is open on sunday. The room we had was actually quite large, had a decent en-suite with nice shower, tv, bed, window, lights.. all the stuff you get in a basic hotel. very clean (never saw cleaners though?) and was tided for us whilst we were out with fresh towels.Checkout was simple via the same machine - if you want to leave left luggage the receptionist will lock your bag in a secure room and will check the voucher on collection so very safe for laptops etc.We were thrilled to have found this place. super cheap and excellent facilities. There are people who complain about the lack of service but what would you prefer, rubbish service or no service? These guys work on the theory of simple service, if they cant offer good service they don't bother trying at all. Works for me on leisure, as it does for any business traveller. Will certainly stay again. it is a great find. if you don't know London, grab a free map from reception, or boot up your laptop and use their free wi-fi and do a bit of research on the area. Its an amazing side of London with some fantastic history and a lot of life on w/ends if you know where to look ;-)	
Aug 28 2009 	A lovely if isolated hotel	Stayed here whilst in London to see a show. We were very impressed with the room (a 'Superior' rather than standard room). It was spotlessly clean, the bed was very comfortable and nice and bright (with a view of the 'Gherkin' building!). However, as this is in the City, after 6pm all shops were closed and in the evening all pubs were closed as it was the weekend. On sunday, there was nowhere to go for breakfast so used the hotels facilites. Went for Full English which although nice was very expensive at £13.50 per person (I think Continental was £9). We will definitely use the Club Quarters chain again, if not this particular hotel, as we ended up paying less than we have previously payed for London Travelodges and this was much smarter.	
Aug 6 2009 	not on par with other hotels in the same chain	I have previously stayed at Club Quarters hotels in Chicago and Boston and found them to be clean, comfortable, and entirely accommodating, no-frills business hotels. So this is what I was expecting on my recent trip to London and was quite disappointed .To be fair I’ll start with the positive: - excellent location for those working in the City during the week - quiet room - comfortable bed &amp; pillows - inexpensive (for London anyway)However, the negatives were a bit too much for me: - the room was not well cleaned either before my arrival or during my week long stay, in particular the carpet looked like it hadn’t seen a vacuum cleaner in a while - there was no closet, wardrobe, or any other device for hanging clothes in my room, which I find to be particularly unacceptable in a business hotel; I ended up hanging my suits and shirts on hooks in the bathroom - the room was quite dark, as it was on the interior of the hotel with only a small window facing the alleyI’ll be staying elsewhere on future trips to London.	
Jul 15 2009 	Good location if coming from Liverpool St. Station. Clean and quite spacious accommodation.	We spent 3 nights here in a triple room. Good points were location-7minutes from liverpool st. station, a good sized room with a fridge (not working!), microwave and dishes etc, water chiller with bottles in hallway and ice machine on ground floor. Pub with good food next door and a few minutes walk from London Bridge, also near 2 tube stations. Yes it is quiet at weekends but we only arrived back late evening and were not big breakfast eaters anyway. You can check in and out at a machine and on both occasions staff came to help us without us asking so no complaints there!Bad points-our booking direct with club rooms was ex. vat which added another %15 on to the room price. Also the 3rd bed in the room was a camp bed and not very comfortable. Other than that we found the place to be ok-not luxurious but clean and handy for our needs!	
Jul 9 2009 	Charming but isolated at weekends	When I booked this, it was not a concern of mine that I knew that that area of London is closed at weekends. The room was small and charming, and in a beautiful part of London, but apart from vending machines filled with sweets and crisps and a menu for an order in service there is no other way to get or purchase food in hotel. Which was a little frustrating as the next day all the nearby coffee shops were closed as it was Saturday and we had been late in on Friday night so had to walk quite a distance and spend quite a bit of time in morning before we got breakfast. The rooms are clean and it is a lovely area to walk around, particularly at christmas, but more suited for business trips and if mid-week trips.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not bad interesting location	We stayed here one night when we went to London for a show. Got it on Hotwire for USD 100 and it was showing as a 4-star. This hotel is located in the financial district of London, which means it is very quiet on the weekends. Great for relaxing, bad it you want to shop or eat out close by. Room was usual British size (small) and featured a UK double bed. I kept waking up at night thinking my partner was going to roll out of the bed! There was a microwave and mini-fridge in the room, as well as a desk and small drawer stack. There was a decent sized closet but it was hard to get the door open as there was little clearance between the open door and the bed. Same situation with the bathroom door. Nice walk-in shower, just big enough for two. The sink tap in our room did not seem to have any cold water, but the shower was OK. Toiletries were decent, but we had to ask for more towels since there was only enough for one person in the room when we arrived. Bed linens were very usual- not a duvet. The hotel had breakfast and room service, as well as in-room internet but we did not use them. We would stay here again for another short visit but I think anything longer than a night or two would feel too cramped. I understand this is usually a corporate membership hotel so getting a room through normal sites is not always possible, but on weekends you can get in them on Hotwire.	
Jun 18 2009 	Avoid at weekends	I was staying at this hotel for work for a few days. I wanted to spend the weekend in London with my husband, so with the &quot;members only&quot; ?70 rate (actually anyone can book it) we booked the Saturday night here to save me moving hotel. We wished we hadn't! All the staff here had a serious attitude problem. There was always a queue at reception on the weekend, and it was embarrassing how they treated the customers. There was no breakfast available in the hotel on Sunday, and having seen how everything was closed on the Saturday evening we asked where we could go nearby. We were irritably told to turn left out of the hotel. Yes - lots of cafe's, but all closed. The only place anywhere nearby is the Sainsbury, where we bought some croissants, which turned out to be stale. Walk down to Tower bridge for breakfast instead.The Wireless is extremely slow.There is no safe in the room. Ridiculous for a business hotel. I had to go through a ridiculously convoluted process with the receptionist (after standing in the queue) to put my laptop in the locker, with the usual sighs and tsks as the inconvenience to them!We wanted to print my husband's boarding card - it took 1/2 hour to sort it out! To get the printout we were told: take the lift and go down 2 floors. Except that meant get in the lift and press C! Work it out yourself or get some more attitude.There is no fridge in the room either. The pros were the room size wasn't bad for central London, it was conveniently walking distance to my office and it was clean.There is a check out machine (like an airline check in machine) where you can pay your bill and get your receipt. I didn't use it as I wanted two bills - one for the Saturday and another for work for the rest of the booking, which I then wasn't able to get. And got the nasty surprise that the ?70 quoted rate was also ex vat!	
Jun 14 2009 	It works for London.	This can be a good deal, especially if you get the membership price for rooms. Depending on where you need to go around London if you're a business traveler, the City may or may not work for you as a location. It certainly didn't really work for the many tourists I noticed who decided to stay at Club Quarters -- the area is completely shut down over the weekend -- it's not convenient at all if you'd like to pop down to buy some snacks or toiletries. Although you can get on the Underground easily enough to visit the sights.The hallways were narrow and had a disturbing musty smell to them. But at least the room I was in was not the size of a closet and let in a surprising amount of light. The bed was also comfortable enough for sleeping, and clean. The bathroom's plumbing however, had a bit of a smell to it! All in all, a very average hotel. But London is an expensive place, and there are far worst options you can go for.	
Jun 8 2009 	Useful London choice at a reasonable price	Chose to stay here for 1 Saturday night due to proximity to a wedding we were attending in central London. This accommodation is in the heart of the City so we got a good weekend rate (£95) because it is mostly used by business clients. As a result however, the majority of restaurants, bars and shops are closed at weekends making this a bit of a ghost town. We struggled to find anywhere to eat dinner, particularly since the hotel restaurant was closed for renovations, and ended up going across the river to eat at Pizza Express. There is a huge Wetherspoons next door to the hotel (in a beautiful building!) which was very quiet so we enjoyed a couple of drinks in there. I like using Club Quarters for business or quick weekend stays, because they are invariablyy clean, functional, fairly identical rooms, so you have a good idea of what you are getting and what to expect. This Gracechurch branch is no exception. Easy check in using the self service machines - pop in your credit card and booking details and your room key is popped out and off you go. Room had a double bed, small but functional bathroom, small wardrobe area, TV, desk. Chilled water is available in the corridors on each floor, and tea/coffee is available in reception downstairs. As a place to stay, its nothing particularly special or romantic, but its clean, quiet and comfortable, and in an easy location close to Bank station. We were only in our room for 8-10 hours max (including sleeping time!) so it did exactly what it said on the tin for us! Wireless internet is available for free which is great. For travellers looking for a clean and easy stay in the heart of London and at a reasonable price, then this hotel is fine and can be recommended. I bleieve there is a fitness area on the basement and the restaurant is usually open (unfort not during our stay)	
May 19 2009 	Great location not such great accomodation	It cannot be beaten for meetings in the city - it's on the doorstep of everything near Liverpool St, Moorgate and Bank. The rooms are teeny tiny, the bathrooms even smaller and the decor is old, dark and depressing. Clean and functional though. Probably would stay again for the price, failing finding a newer, more up to date property...	
May 19 2009	Business hotel	I would recommend anyway this hotel to every traveler who wants to enjoy london. The hotel is located in the city and far from restaurants and pubs, but it's a good place to sleep and with good deals during the weekend, when the business guests are gone. The hotel is big, but the rooms really small, and the shower a bit basic. Anyway, the location is perfect to discover the city using the metro...	
Apr 28 2009 	Good for a short business trip	I stayed on a short business trip to the City. Club Quarters is perfect for this. Check-in and check-out is ultra-quick and is automated, if you've stayed before, based on your credit card. It's a bit like withdrawing cash from an ATM. The rooms are basic, with no real frills, but do have all the necessities (TV, broadband). A few interesting things that caught me on first stay : no iron in room but you can get an iron and ironing board from a room at the end of the corridor with (literally) 20-30 irons in it. No water in room, but you can fill bottles of water from a fountain outside the lift.The room service I ordered from the hotel (not the delivery service) was quick and tasty, and the bed was very comfy. Bathroom was pretty basic, but again, all necessities were there.This Club Quarters is right in the middle of the City, so it's great for busienss, and the area is reasonably buzzing during the week. But this would be a ghost town on the weekend....when I believe some excellent deals are on offer.....they'd need to be good, as you'd need to get out of the city to see anything on the weekend.So ideal for cheap busienss accomodation in the City in these cost-concious times. But definitely not somewhere for a romantic weekend!	
Apr 23 2009 	Small high-quality hotel	My husband and I stayed at the hotel with my in-laws (separate rooms) for 7 days while we were seeing London and surrounding areas. Arrived at 9:00am from an overnight flight. We were able to leave our bags until we could check-in after noon.Clean, quality rooms. Very quiet at night, since it was the business district. Very close to Monument and Bank Tube Stations...only minutes from the West End.We'd definitely stay again	
Apr 1 2009 	Tired hotel - apathetic staff	I've stayed at other Club Quarters and found them to be a great value. This hotel was not. The rooms were very dated and worn out. They are decorated in what can best be described as early 80's Holiday Inn. The theromstat in the room clicked on and off constantly, and was not capable of holding a constant temperature.The business center had suffered a flood. Instead of helping guests out with their business needs, the front desk staff simply shrugged their shoulders and said &quot;you'll just need to wait until its ready.&quot; When asked for a good place to get dinner, that was not in the hotel, the staff simply said &quot;I don't think there's any place near here.&quot; All-in-all, I'd pay the extra $50 a night to stay someplace a bit nicer where the staff care about their guests.	
Mar 23 2009 	Comfertable clean and modern!	Stayed here on the 21st of march for one night and it was great. The location is good as you are only 5mins from liverpool street station to get the tube. Alot of the shops do shut on the weekend early in that area but this is because its a buisness district. The hotel itself is very clean and it has recently been refurbished so everything is of a high standard. There iscomplimentry tea,coffee and water available downstairs. All in all it was a great stay and would definatley stay here again when i return to London.	
Mar 3 2009 	Dated And Drab	This hotel was very poor in every department. The check in experience was appalling and the room was really really grim. The bathroom was horrendous with a horrible shower curtain and a shower that dribbled out water. The night I stayed was a miserable wet night and I swear the room smelt damp.the only saving grace (pardon the pun) is the location of this hotel and the fact that it is only 2 minutes walk from Bank tube station.I will never stay in this hotel again if I can help it	
Feb 16 2009 	Lost my Nintendo DS!	Well, terrible probably for one reason, but wasn't good generally. The room was very cold (had a corner room with two large windows), the bathroom was like a fridge. Even with the heating on it didn't get that warm. The hotel also seems to be associated with Deliverance take away food. We were back late so decided to give it a go, we went for chinese. Firstly, the hotel brought up our order with just one plate and set of cutlery, when I asked for some more cutlery, I was told that they had run out but could get me another plate! I declined and set down to tuck in. The food was nothing to write home about, and was very salty. The egg fried rice was dry and hard. All in all, not good value for money at all. Unfortunately I left my nintendo ds on a shelf, behind some books. Having checked out yesterday I called them today - no one had checked in to the room until today. After numerous calls, and a grumpy occupant of the room, the staff rather stupidly asked the occupant to look for my DS! Anyway, the current occupant claims it isn't there, the only other people that have been into the room are presumably the cleaners. Without pointing the finger at either party, you can draw your own conclusions......I won't be going back for all of the above!	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Location	Stayed for 4 nights between Xmas and New Years 2009. Location was quiet, no sirens, no street noise, which I enjoyed. Not much around on the weekend but you are a 5 to 10 minute walk to touristy areas which have a lot open. 2 minute walk to the underground and 5 minute walk to the Thames and London Bridge. So, location was great for me. The rooms are comfortable and the shower is superb. Bathrooms are not big, but big enough to get the job done. Some London Hotels still do not understand how a shower is supposed to work. Like any tourist city, you need to shop around for food and drink and find the best place nearby. I would recommend this Hotel if you do not want to be in the middle of the Tourist area but can access it very easy. Value for money was very good, in my opinion, especially considering the other alternatives.	
Jan 19 2009 	Comfortable and convenient	This membership-usually location became available at the last minute through Orbitz so I canceled a reservation at another London hotel. This is a very comfortable and convenient location for business in the City. The reception staff was courteous and helpful. The room was well appointed and had a free high speed internet connection. There are not many weekend restaurants in the area, but plenty during the week. Overall this is an above average place to stay for business.	
Dec 29 2008 	Ideal for business; not suitable for a holiday!	This venue is quite clearly aimed at business travellers. It's a great location for the City, and the automated check-in and helpful staff mean that you can get to your room with the minimum of fuss, and check out in the same manner in the morning.The rooms are great for a single person on business - a good desk, nice (but not luxurious) bathroom, and a nice touch of a device which lets you play an ipod through the radio. It's a little bit tired and old, but that really doesn't matter very much, and the location and speed of checking in and out make up for it.There isn't any reason to stay in this part of London other than for work/business.	
Dec 20 2008 	Solid choice some small flaws	Spent 5 nights here and enjoyed my stay.The hotel is very well located - close to many bus routes, train stations (Fenchurch St, London Bridge) and Tube/DLR (Bank) with many within easy reach (such as Moorgate and Liverpool Street). Perfect for both business in the city, and the surrounding parts of east London. Weekend guests should note that lots of stores/restaurants etc in the vicinity will be closed on Saturday/Sunday due to the majority of the companies in the area being closed - but it's still easy to get in and out of by public transport to busier parts of London.My room on the rear of the second floor was compact, but still perfectly spacious with a reasonable bathroom, and walk in shower. The only thing missing was somewhere to put luggage (a stand etc) to help you unpack, and what I thought was a strange omission - no in-room safe, which I thought most hotels of this level would have.Staff seemed quite friendly, although you have no need to interact with them if you don't wish to - the automated check-in and check-out via terminals in the lobby was a breeze.Minor problems in terms of finish (lots of little scratches and wear and tear to be seen in both room and corridors), the heating (which seemed quite hard to make give a consistent temperature) and the rather &quot;laid back&quot; attitude of the desk staff on the final night of my stay when the internet went down for the entire evening. While I appreciate they don't charge directly for the service - they market themselves as a business hotel! No attempt at any service recovery, or gesture to apologise. The reply was simply &quot;it's not expected back&quot;. I felt a little let down, and thought some small gesture should have been made - or even a more genuine apology.Also surprising was the single sachet of coffee left for guests to use, and the lack of a spoon (nothing but plastic stirrers). Seems just a little cheap and nasty for a hotel aiming for business clientèle.The good outweighed the bad at City Quarters - but the small flaws just let the property down. It has so much potential to be a great bolt-hole for those who need to be in the City of London, but it needs to make a push to bring it all together.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great . . . .better if you can find a deal	The Club Quarters sits in a super spot opposite Leadenhall Market and around 5mins walk from Bank - the heart of London City. You're surrounded by some of London's most magnificent architecture, as well as alleyways and pubs steeped in history.Check in here is unique; although there is a receptionist, you can check in by computer using your card/booking reference. The lobby area features a relaxing lounge with a huge ceiling, where you can enjoy a free coffee or tea.As for the rooms, well most I understand are renovated, and they are business-like in appearance, with dark woods and large beds, air con and nice TV, tea&amp;coffee facilities. Bathroom was a little small, but very smart with amenities too.Breakfast is in the basement, in a cute and unusually chic bar - it is expensive though as others have said, so be prepared for that! However, I liked the choice and it was certainly different!A great find, especially if you can track down a good rate.	
Nov 23 2008	enjoyed my stay	i stayed three nights at club quarters gracechurch, booked on orbitz. got in after midnight the first night, receptionist was friendly and hospitable, gave me a room on the 4th floor. had no complaints with the room, clean king bed, desk, good modern bathroom. excellent decor. must have been one of the better rooms. free wifi, which was great. hotel is suited more to business travelers, but was in close proximity to tube and made the rest of london easily accessible. tower of london and tower bridge are walkable. pub next door can get a bit rowdy, but standard chain fare. not too much in the area, plenty of stuff closed on the weekend when i was there. staff was always friendly, their free chilled water was a nice plus. i thought it was a good value in the heart of london, enjoyed my stay here.	
Nov 12 2008 	Not a great weekend destination	We stayed here for two nights, arriving after midnight on the first night. Check in and out is all automated, so you don't even need to talk to the front desk. Upon getting to our room, we had problems with the toilet and then the phone didn't work trying to call the front desk, so we trudged back downstairs. Someone was sent promptly to help. Otherwise, the room and the bed were both small. The t.v. remote didn't work either, but we didn't watch a lot of t.v. The location is extremely dead on weekends; the hotel restaurant closed at 6 on a Saturday for a &quot;staff meeting&quot; we were told, and the restaurant next door was also closing down when we waked in at 6. There are a few pubs over by Liverpool station, and a 24x7 McDonald's. Proximity to the Tube was good, only a five minute walk or so. Would probably not stay here again unless the price was REALLY right.	
Oct 25 2008 	Good Value/ Excellent Service	Stayed at the Gracechurch hotel in the city and really loved it. The location is great for business and leisure. Close to the river Thames, London bridge and Tower bridge. The hotel rooms were comfortable with good facilities available on the premises. Free internet access and filtered water. Staff were also excellent especially the night staff Zeb was really helpful. Will stay there again.	
Oct 21 2008 	not for me	staying here 2 nights only thank god. As already mentioned this place is old and dull. Rooms are OK but basic. tired bathroom (not improved by the dirty wet facecloth and black paint on white curtains!! ) if you book be aware it does not include breakfast (continental £8.50 english £13.50 ) I ordered english but was put off as I watched the chef lick his fingers and pick food off the grill. . Had dinner in the hotel restaurant food was fine but somewhat overpriced. it's a pity ,as this hotel is very well situated for regular visitors to the city. sorry but I wont be back.Dougie, Edinburgh	
Aug 14 2008	Great weekend rates	Good rates from hotwire. Clean and neat. As mentioned, not much around the hotel but close enough to the bus and tube. If you are going to be sightseeing for a weekend, you cant beat the price. Free water bottles saves you money too.	
Aug 4 2008 	A Professional Stay at Club Quarters	I had to book the two of us two nights in London on fairly late notice and saw this Club Quarters for £80 a night - stayed a night in the NYC Wall Street location so decided on them as their price was (relatively) competetive and had a good experience the last time. They are targetted at the businessperson and so aren't tourist hotels, but the previous one suited us well. Wanted to do a few touristy things over the weekend and then head to an interview Monday morning. The room was fine (if a touch old fashioned as mentioned below, but not tired looking), clean and tidy, the bed really comfortable (what you need after wandering the streets of London in warm weather) and the bathroom adequate, no bath though. Regular tv with a few sat. channels and PPV movies.A/C worked well though a little noisy, not enough to stop us sleeping but a really light sleeper might have trouble.Liked the cold water dispeners and free plastic bottles on each floor, especially as outside it was about 28C.Ate at the Gaucho Restaurant one night and although the prices were a little high, the Argentinian beef steaks were great (as an idea we paid about £35 for the two mains and a beer each).The staff were excellent, the barman in the Lounge very nice in particular.The location was fine - although few things to do in the area for visitors it was only a short walk to Monument or Bank tube stations to get round the city.Although the stay was mostly fine there were a few gripes:*The A/C as mentioned above.*The room we got had almost no natural light.*It might only have been our room, but there was an odd locking mechanism on the door that meant the door shut very slowly and if you pulled it shut faster it tended to slam loudly. Something which the guests in the neighbouring room did from 11pm through to about 1am the first night.	
Jul 29 2008 	Old and dull	Spent 2 nights in this hotel. The bedroom is quite dark and the furniture looks old. The bathroom is small, actually there is no bath, just a shower with a white plastic curtain. The room was clean but don not excpect too much for this price. Guess this is very convenaint for business men coming into the city. The city on weekend is a dead city, everything is shut, but it is quite conveniant to get to central london, apart from the fact the the connexion between Bank and Monument stations are closed, so you have to walk a bit more to get to bank station.The hotel is quite so you can rest but the TV is rubbish, big old TV without satellite aprt from CNN. There is no mini bar neither....	
Jul 24 2008 	Above average for London	This hotel is very well located for the main business and finance district though you would have to get the tube to go to many of the tourist site.However, it is very clean and well kept (although the rooms are not very modern).The bathroom was good and the shower excellent, although there was no bath tub.The room service options incuded the use of a local (and very good) takeaway firm whihc was nice.Beds were comfy.The lobby is very high tech with guests expected to check themselves in and out using touch screen displays. This works fine but is a little disconcerting the first time.For central London the price i paid for one night (£107 ex tax) was very good value for money.The only slight downside was that i only had two coffee sachets and only a few towels so if there were two or more of you that could be an issue.	
Jul 15 2008 	Only for heavy sleepers - noisy aircondition	We stayed in a double room from saturday to sunday, and paid $150 through hotwire (this is excl. breakfast). We chose this area because we arrived at Liverpool street station from Stansted and wanted a hotel nearby. As many have already said here, most of the shops in this area are closed in the weekends.The hotel is situated a short walk (3-4 min) from the underground &quot;The bank&quot;. &quot;monument&quot; is also closeby (maybe even closer). The standard of the hotel is quite good, but there were one significant drawback. The airconditioning in our room was very noisy. As it was seemingly impossible to turn off, we called the reception who sent a member of staff to have a look at it. Even he was surprised when he acknowledged that it was impossible to turn off, and he agreed that it was noisy and offered us a new room. Arriving at the room at midnight we quickly accepted the new room as it clearly wasen't as loud as the former. However, after jumping into bed it was obvious that the annoying sound was still there (but far less obvious than in the previous room). The airconditioning in this room was in the bathroom (instead of the main room as in the first case) thus the sound was lower. Still it is quite unbelievable that there is no way to remove this annoying sound when you want to sleep. Even though standard and price was allright, I would never stay there again. After all, the main function of a hotelroom is to provide you with a good night sleep - which is not possible in this hotel.The room we were offered also turned out to not have a refrigerator, as opposed to our previous room. As the room-change was quite inconvenient for us who had arrived just before midnight I must say I was a bit disappointed that the hotel did not offer any type of compensation. If offering a good servicelevel was important for them, they should have offered us free breakfast the following morning.All in all the hotel is not bad except for that devestating flaw...It's worth noting that I always use earplugs when staying in hotels - and still the noise made it difficult to sleep...	
Jul 1 2008 	Was just OK nothing special	I spent 2 nights at the Clubquarter's Gracechurch St, last weekend. The location was perfect for me as I had a function to attend in that area. However, it is in an office area, so be warned, majority of shops are closed on Saturday!Our room was clean, spacious and the double glazing completely blocked out any noise from the busy street outside.Even though there were 2 people on the reservation, we were only provided with 1 bath towel and 1 set of toiletries. However, a call to reception soon sorted this out.We were woken at 6am to an alarm going off in the next room. After waiting a few mins, we realised that the room was vacant. Again a call to reception and someone came up and switched it off. We had the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign on the door and could hear staff hoovering etc, aroud 10. We left at 11, and returned at 3.30. However, our room still had not been cleaned. Onto reception again, who said that they do not clean after 3pm. I explained that we had left the room vacant for over 4 hours, so they should have ensured it was serviced. Finally, I asked if someone could at least come and empty the bin, replace the toilet roll and give us more toiletries (we would use the towels again). After a lot of mumbling, they agreed. When we got back to the hotel later, they had done all this, replaced the towels, but didn't bother making the bed!! Location of hotel is good if you need to go to London Bridge / St Pauls/ Liverpool StThe Burrough Market is across London bridge, and the Spittafields Market is towards Liverpool St. These are open on Sat. Also closeby is the Tate Gallery and the Clink Prison, London Dungeon and Shakespeare Globe.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great City of London location and good value for business travel	This is my first stay at this particular Club Quarters (I've also stayed at Northumberland Avenue location) but agree with general thrust the other reviews. It is a fantastic location for business related stays in the City of London and can't really be beat for price compared to value of services (including free internet usually costing 10 - 15 GBP per night at other hotels). The area is quiet at night and at the weekend. It is convenient to Monument Tuge stop for travel elsewhere in London. The rooms are decent sized by London standards with modern appointments... sure the carpet is green but it looks to be from this decade. Not a huge number of rooms with a view as compared to the Northumberland location (where you can see Parliament / Big Ben, the Admiralty Arch, etc) but a good location for meetings in that part of the City.	
May 14 2008 	Noisy and No Frills ...	Hmm okay just spent two nights there for work. Can't beat the price in the City so I suppose I can't complain too much but you certainly get what you pay for. The room looked like something out of the seventies: green carpets and walls with dark wood (!) it is dated and a tad scruffy. Bathroom was the size of a cupboard and reminded me of Prisoner Cell Block H. Yes there is a cold water dispenser near the elevator and yes there is an 'amenities cupboard' on each corridor however if your room is anywhere near the entrance to the corridor/lifts as mine was, you will be awake until after midnight with eveyone walking past and slamming doors. Worst two nights sleep I've had in ages which isn't great for a business hotel.	
May 7 2008 	Good City of London Location Rooms ok	This Hotel is located in the heart of the City of London. It is ideal if you're in the City on business or want to stay close to the Tower of London, St Pauls etc but quite a way from the West End - which is no bad thing in truth.As this is a business focussed hotel the weekend rates can be very competitive and you will get a much bigger room here than in a tiny hotel in Paddington or similar.The room is fitted with modern TV, laptop ports etc and with good shower facilities makes for a good stay. The internal rooms (i.e. with no view) can be a little claustrophobic so request a window room if possible.The hotel is showing its age a wee bit and could do with a revamp. I stayed here about 4 years ago as well and in that time nothing has really changed except the reception staff who have become quite incompetent and unable to understand simple requests. Welcome to London!!!!! This is not unusual however and one finds this occuring in bars, restaurants and most service establishments in London since the influx of workers after the EU expansion.Next door is Grauchos, an excellent steak restaurant. Liverpool street and Bank stations are both very close which is handy for getting about.The superior rooms / suite rooms are ok with a very good fold out bed - much better than expected actually.	
Apr 21 2008 	Just what we needed	Great boutique hotel close to multiple Tube stops and a few sights. We loved that the hotel provided drinking water taps and plastic bottles right by the elevator. We also found the staff very friendly and helpful. They also didn't mind us sitting in the lobby going through our tourist guidebooks after we had checked out. We did have to change rooms once because we had asked for a king bed and got two smaller beds instead. But the staff gave us another room with no problems.	
Apr 3 2008 	Return visit just as good as the first 2 times!!	This is my third stay at the Gracechurch location. I find the Club Quarters brand to be an excellent choice. (I have also stayed at their location in San Francisco, USA).Prices can be excellent on weekend, but tend to be higher if rooms are available during the week. I find the rooms very spacious and well appointed compared to most other hotels of this class in UK and Europe. The beds are extremely comfortable. The only drawback is a nationwide obsession with instant coffee. How I wished for a pot of American drip brew. Tea was the next best thing. Each room is given its own outside direct line so your callers need not go through the switchboard. Free internet is also provided - (bring your laptop or use the computer in business centre in the lower level) - a good way for me to keep an eye on Canada while I was away. There is an excellent pub just next door (although limited weekend hours).  This hotel is located in London's Financial District and it is pretty deserted at night and on the weekend, but fear not, I found no security concerns in the area. The closest Tube station (Monument Station) about 2 blocks south of the hotel and links the city very well. Night buses also service the area. I'd stay there again in a minute and just wish there were more locations around the world.	
Feb 23 2008 	quiet central hotel	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel. It is right in the heart of the City, by Monument station. As others have said the area completely shuts down at the weekend, but this means it's a lovely quiet start to to day. We took a 10min walk by the Thames to the Tower of London and got there about 9.30am, the place was almost empty!Our room had a double bed &amp; a double sofa bed for our daughter. The room had a microwave, hob, fridge, kettle and assorted plates &amp; cutlery including a bottle opener. The cupboard in the hallway had extra sachets of tea, coffee &amp; milk etc. The automated check in &amp; out worked well with no need to wait for the front desk. Overall a very pleasant stay in a more than adequate hotel that did not cost the earth.	
Jan 16 2008 	Okay for business	Location:Located centrally in the business district, The City. This area is dead in the weekends as most people only work there. I would not recommend the location unless you are working there.Room:A bit dated interior, but the room was clean. I didn't like the wall to wall carpet, it looked old and dirty. The bathroom was okay, but also dated. The size was small, but for London I think it's quite normal.View:No view as I was put in a room facing a wall. On the other hand, there was no traffic noise.Service:Friendly staff at check in helped me use the automatic check in service. However they had little knowledge about the area and where to dine if you are looking for a certain type of food.	
Jan 7 2008 	A Solid Choice	We stayed at Club Quarters Gracechurch while in London for the big Led Zeppelin reunion. We arrived on a Saturday, and left on a Tuesday afternoon. It's true, the area is quite dead during the weekends, but came alive first thing Monday morning. The property itself was very clean, the staff nice, and the location nicely situated near the Tube. I certainly would not recommend the hotel for those who intend to spend alot of time in the room, or those who are very much into using everything a hotel has to offer. For us, though, and others who take the &quot;leave in the morning, return late in the evening&quot; approach to travel, CQ was an excellent, excellent choice.	
Jan 5 2008 	Microwave and Refrigerator APLUS+++	Arrived on Boxing Day 2007 around noon and checked in without any problems. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly. We were given a room on the 5th floor that had a microwave and refrigerator. The microwave came in handy to warmup food for late evening snacks. As in previous reviews, walk down a block to Mark and Spencers to buy food on the lower level. NOT ALL ROOMS HAVE THESE APPLIANCES. Our traveling companions saw our room and asked to switch to a room with microwave and refrigerator.Our room was large enough for 4 people to move around comfortably. All the equipment worked. Room and hotel's public areas were clean. We didn't use the fitness room or the business center.For a cheap meal, we went next door to a pub for a burger, fries, and beer. All the meals were reasonable. Pub opens at 9 am for breakfast.CQ Gracechurch is a good place to stay. Convenient to the tubes, busses, and shopping. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Hotel is clean and quiet. Coffee, tea, and hot water available 24/7 down in the lobby. Room rates very reasonable for London.I give this hotel an APLUS!	
Nov 11 2007 	Good value for money!	I booked 3 rooms in ClubQuarters for 6 people on a last minute website that did not name the hotel until I had paid, so although the blurb sounded good, it's still as risk not knowing where you are going. Turns out this place was a good find.ClubQuarters is in the business district and is probably full of business types during the week, but as our stay was Saturday night it was pretty quiet.When I booked the room the site only offered doubles, so I rang up the hotel and changed the booking to 3 twin rooms. This is something that the hotel got 33% correct, as only one of the rooms was a twin. As we are all girls and it was only one night we didn't mind sharing - in the case of my room the bed was enormous, and when we went to bed we realised that it was in fact two singles pushed together and made up as a double, which was great for my friend and I, but may not have been so great for a couple as I would be scared of falling down the middle.My hotel room was a reasonable size, nicely decorated and clean, there was tea and coffee (but no biscuits!), the coffee was not to my standards (Nescafe instant) but I accept that I am super fussy when it comes to caffeine. One of the rooms my friends were in had tea and coffee but no kettle! There was a free coffee machine in the lobby downstairs.I was impressed that the room had a little bookshelf with a small choice of books on it - Sherlock Holmes, a novel called London, a dictionary and a couple of others. Room for a laptop, small TV, fantastic shower, CD player/alarm clock, view of a brick wall out of the window...The hotel had only 2 check in desks which could be a bit of a bottle neck at peak times, but you could check out on a self service machine. There is a pub next to the hotel, but this closed at 7pm on the Saturday, assume that it's main source of business is week time after work. Monument tube station is 2 minute walk away. There was also an abundance of week day only shops around, including a House of Fraser. There is a cash point opposite the hotel, very handy. We were going to walk up to Spitalfields Market when we checked out - would have been 10/15 minute walk, but as we had luggage we jumped in a taxi - was only £4! Finally - hotel has a gym anda couple of restaurants that I did not see but could have used. Oh, and when you come out of the lift pn any floor there is a chilled filtered water machine with empty bottles for your use - I was very impressed with this as most hotels only offer a mini bar with the bottles of water therein costing about £3! I'd stay here again - when staying one night in London, all you need is a nice clean safe plae to lay your head - this was perfect.	
Oct 28 2007 	Really great hotel	Stayed here for a long weekend in October, all I can say is that it is a great place. We usually pay between £70 - £90 per night in London, and this is definitely one of the best we have stayed in within this price range.Location is great, 2 minute walk to both Bank and Monument stations, and although it is bang in the square mile there are plenty of bars and restaurants within a short walk. The room was clean, with complementary toiletries etc, kettle, TV, room service from their on site restaurant available (though not the cheapest!). The shower was AMAZING...so much so it took me a long time to get out every morning! There is complementary tea and coffee in the reception, and fresh cold water machines at the end of the hallways with empty bottles for you to fill and take as you like.You can check in at the machines, which was fine for us..for those who prefer to check in at a desk there is a desk which is manned 24/7. There is a £1 charge to leave bags (per bag), however I don't feel this is unreasonable. The staff were very pleasant.	
Sep 25 2007 	Lovely hotel in the city	My partner and i have just returned from a lovely weekend in London. My partner found this hotel on Lastminute as a secret hotel. After copying and pasting the description of the hotel through Google we discovered that it was the Club Quarters on Gracechurch street EC3. On leaving Bank tube station from exit 4 the hotel is only a 5 minute walk along Cornhill then turning right in to Gracechurch street and the hotel is located opposite Leadenhall market. On entering the hotel you instantly feel like your in a grand bank. The staff upon arrival were friendly and helpful. When we reached the 5th floor we could see that free water was available and that there is a cupboard for guests to help themselves to extra pillows, blankets, toiletries, iron, ironing board and refreshment refills. The decor of the rooms is smart and of a standard you would expect from a 4 star rated hotel, although a little on the small side. The room was clean and tidy and the hotel information guides handy and informative. The view from the window was disappointing as we looked out on to a building that was under renovation. Noise came from the site all weekend but not at night. See the picture provided.We arrived on the Friday and the area was busy with all the city workers with the shops open as usual. On the Saturday all the shops in the area were closed and the streets very quiet. On the Sunday the area was deserted with nothing open not even the pubs. We did not have breakfast included in the deal so used the Cross Keys pub next door on the Saturday morning which was another stunning former financial building now a whetherspoons pub. The cost of the buffet breakfast at the hotel was approximately 13 pounds at the Gaucho Restaurant which we avoided due to the price. On the Sunday the Cross Keys is closed so you would have to explore the area to find alternative breakfast dining if not willing to pay the high prices of the hotel restaurant. On walking back from nearby Brick Lane after a curry one night we tried the cocktail bar in the hotel. There was only 3-4 other people in the bar, which appeared brand new and with cowhide everywhere! The hotel is in a great location for the Tower of London, which is walking distance and exploring the City area of London. Overall we enjoyed our stay but would reinforce that at the weekend the area is very quiet with little open.	
Sep 19 2007 	OK stay at Gracechurch	I wanted to add to the reviews I read about this hotel because I think they were missing a key point. We booked based on Trip Advisor reviews and stayed a Saturday and Sunday night. What wasn't mentioned in the reviews I read was that nothing is open on Saturday or Sunday because the hotel is in the Financial District of London. We arrived late Saturday with a tired 9 month old and just wanted to relax and get a bite to eat but nearly nothing was open nearby. Sans the baby, the hotel is conveniently located near the Monument tube station and is a hotbed of activity during the week (we had a chance to walk around Monday before checking out and the area was very lively). We wish we would have stayed in the area during the week or chosen a more convenient location for the weekend.	
Sep 12 2007 	Awesome location for tourists. Amazinf price on the weekends. Loved it!	Location, location, location! 7 mins walk from Tower of London and Tower Bridge, 5 mins walk to Monument Underground station! The rooms are nothing spectacular, but are very decent. There is free wireless internet. Amazing value for the money! I would stay there again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Very Nice Hotel	Got a ridiculous deal through hotels.com and got to stay at this wonderful hotel for two nights. It was very nice, although I'm not sure I would pay regular price for the room. We just loved the fact that we got free bottled water - available just across the hall from the lifts. In a nice neighborhood, especially if you want to get away from the &quot;touristy&quot; areas. Still within easy walking distance to St. Paul's Cathedral, but it's in the financial district. We'd definitely stay again if we could get this deal!	
Aug 30 2007 	Very cheap for London; Excellent Location; Just Perfect	+:cheapexcellent location-:small roomscan only be booke on weekendsThis is definitely a hidden gem for every London tourist	
Aug 8 2007 	Good value	Got a really good deal on lasminute.com for a Friday and Saturday night - I guess because its very much aimed at businessmen they can offer cheap rates at weekends. Room was clean and comfortable - decor was very masculine and lived up to its name of club quarters. Actually a pretty good location for going out in Shoreditch. Hotel was impersonal but very comfortable and no complaints really. As long as you're not going for a romantic weekend or expecting friendly eccentricity I'd recommend.	
Aug 5 2007	A decent place to stay.	The rooms here were a pleasant surprise as they are large rooms by European standards. In fact, it was probably the largest European hotel room I’ve ever stayed in. Being primarily a business traveler oriented place, the hotel itself offers good amenities – a business center with free internet access, a small work out room, a restaurant and an adjoining pub. It is in the financial district however, so in the evenings and weekends it is very quiet and you will have to travel (tube and bus stops nearby) to get to the more livelier parts of London. Being primarily business traveler focused hotel, I noticed that the week night rates were significantly higher than the weekend rates. As such, this hotel represents a great value for weekend stays.	
Jul 30 2007 	Not all that.	This was a business trip.We arranged this last minute '( a week before our trip) and had booked a superior/suite - not in my book it wasn't. We had a view of a brick wall so very dark. We were only staying for one night so put up with it.The room was comfortable and clean enough but we had threadbare towels. We also only had one tea bag so had to get some from receiption - only a small things but small negatives all mount up.Some of the receiption staff were helpful, some surly.Continental breakfast (£9.95) was good though, a good selection of meats, cheeses, croissants, fruits and the restaurant where we had breakfast was dark (basement) but funky with animal print chairs.Overall - adequate but wouldn't stay there again - even for business.	
Jul 25 2007 	Fantastic Hotel for London	We stayed at ClubQuarters for a three day weekend and thought it was brilliant. We had a spacious room by London standards with a sofa bed for our 7yo. It had a microwave, sink and tea/coffee making facilities, the bed was comfy and it was great value when we booked with our Eurostar tickets. Fab location for doing touristy stuff, seeing a show and a bit of shopping. Only weird thing was the shower cause the water pressure couldn't be adjusted and was just full on and it was difficult to get the temperature of the water right.	
Jul 25 2007 	Highly commended	We have just returned from a 3 night stay in Club Quarters, London. Getting there from Brussels (via Eurostar) was very easy as the area is well serviced by many Tube stations, Monument probably the closest but Bank also very close. The place is located in the banking\financial district and is very quiet by London standards. The Tower of London and London Bridge are just down the road within easy walking distance and Liverpool Station, where the shops are prolific, is just up the road. Leicester square is a lengthy walk but easy to get to by Tube.We arrived way early but the room was ready so the efficient staff checked us in and gave us the room so we could dump our luggage on move on. The room was far bigger than we expected, well appointed and generally very clean. Our room had two TVs; comfortable bed, plenty of storage; excellent mini-kitchen compared to a lot of other European hotels we have stayed in; and a nice little collection of books about London.Fairly minor gripes: The carpet could have been vacuumed better. The shower tap system was ridiculous which meant that enormous water pressure is used in the shower where the ventilation is inadequate. The building is a lovely old solid place constructed of stone. The lifts are good. Free water dispensers (important in London where criminal prices are extracted for a small bottle of water) and bottles are available on each floor. The Lobby is also nice and welcoming, has a nice collection of books, and there is free internet access and free coffee\tea.I recommend this great place; reasonable price by the extortionate standards of London, nice building, great rooms, top location and good staff.	
Jul 23 2007 	Clean Spacious Rooms	Just got back from a long weekend in London and a stay in the Club Quarters Hotel. After reading reviews my boyfriend and I decided to book this hotel as the location sounded good and the prices were very reasonable. Last time we stayed in a hostel which I would definitely not recommend - you can get quality hotel rooms for not much more in cost and it makes a world of difference getting a good night's sleep.Our hotel room was very clean - and i'm quite fussy - and spacious, the bed was kinda close to the window but there was still room enough to walk around and plenty of room for our luggage and more. Wardrobe was handy with coathangers provided and the ensuite was a decent size with a large, quickly hot and high pressured shower. Only grumble about the bathroom is that there is no fan - so of course after a shower its very steamy and moist. We had the air-con going in our room though so it didn't hang around too long. There was absolutely no view - so don't expect any. Our window went out to an alleyway which was full of scaffolding but as there were net curtains you don't really see - only pain was not knowing what the weather was like outside unless you went close to the window and looked up for the bit of sky to let you know if it was still sunny or started raining. Not a huge deal though - esp since you don't really spend all day in your hotel room when you're in London.Location was superb - Monument is down one end of the street which is handy for the Circle/District Line. To get to Bank Station you turn left when you head out of the hotel, take the first left at the traffic lights and you'll get to the station at the end of the street. You can't miss it since there are some amazing buildings right by it. Bank has a lot of lines running - central will get you to Oxford Circus and Bond St - which is very good in the weekend as everywhere around the hotel is closed. The Waterloo line is fantastic if you need to catch a train from Waterloo station - its just the one stop from Bank to Waterloo. Important to check when the last train is running - recommended to head on a tube at 11pm so you don't miss the last one running. Also keep an eye and an ear out for closed lines - in the weekend they were terminating at Mansion House so we had to walk back to the hotel. Luckily tube stations are actually quite close together!Across the road from the hotel is New Moon (in the alley which looks like Diagon Alley) which is a great pub - full of suits as business people go there after work but its a good place to go for a drink. Closes at 11pm though. So does the bar in the hotel. Important to keep in mind. We never ate at the hotel restaurant but it was packed on Thursday night for dinner and everyone was dressed to the nines so it looked like a popular place to eat.What I particularly liked was the chilled purified water by the elevator on our floor where they supplied plastic bottles which you could fill up and take with you. It was brilliant as you never had to worry about not having bought bottled water. Each floor has a guest locker so we had access to an ironing board and iron when we needed it - as opposed to being supplied in the hotel room itself. Free internet access in the small business centre room downstairs was great. There is free wireless in the rooms as well but we didn't bring our laptops with us to use it. I found the staff friendly and helpful. Check-in was a breeze as you just swipe your card in one of the two automated check-in areas in the entrance. The staff did this for us and were happy to help. We also stored our luggage at the hotel after we checked out before catching our flight - costs 1 pound per item of luggage which is reasonable - especially since we only had our two packs and then you knew they would be safe and secure. We had a great stay in Club Quarters, would definitely recommend it and stay there again.	
Jul 17 2007 	Perfect for a theatre break	We booked this hotel for my husbands 30th Birthday. We wanted a good quality hotel within a reasonable distance of the West End but without the normal price tag. The hotel is for business customers Mon - Fri and yes most shops bars etc are shut over the weekend, however the weatherspoon pub that is attached is open till 1am on the friday night and opens on the Sat morning so you can get drink and food at a good price when you arrive and then set off for the tourist attractions. Because of the number of our group (8) it was cheaper to grab a taxi especially in the evening. aprrox £10 to the west end. There are two underground station and both are a five min walk although make sure you check the last train times. The rooms were Great, very clean, spacious and comfortable. Staff were very helpful. next london break I will definatley be booking again!	
Jul 16 2007 	Above average for London	Stayed here for one night on July 13 2007. Positives:Spacious room Large, incredibly comfortable bedEfficient air con Microwave and fridge in room Polite, friendly staff Free mineral water dispenser/bottles on each floor by the lifts Negatives:Poor shower temperature controlBleak hospitality trayToiletries not up to 4* standard11am checkout - come on guys, it's the weekend! Not bad value for £76, considering there are 2* hotels on lastminute.com that have the nerve to charge over £100 for one night. However, our stay was somewhat marred by the idiots next door who kept constantly going in and out of their room and BANGING!! their door closed from 7am onwards. The Wetherspoon downstairs does an excellent, cheap breakfast. With a few minor tweaks, this hotel could really be something.	
Jul 4 2007 	A differnt Location	The concept of an old bank is very different. The checking in was quick, and security was good. Our room was average, a bit dull, Dark Green, could have done with brightening up a bit, but as you spend so little time in your room, with so much to do, it was comfortable. Quite roomy for London. The room was clean, and we have tea/coffee making facilities. Internet access was free.For Breakfast, I think we would have done as well to get Sandwiches from Marks and Spencers down the road, as £13.00 for continental breakfast, goes a long way towards take outs.I was great to stay in a differnt part of London, being in the city, with some really superb buildings to look at and St. Pauls cathedral, and River Thames within easy walking distance. I intended to go the the West End, but just found this area so interesting, and all the shops you would require, that I stayed in the City area.	
Jun 20 2007 	Good value and location	All London hotels are ridiculously expensive. This one isn't, so we didn't have high expectations. The hotel corridors were like a maze, but the room was very nice and spacious. Unfortunately we did not have a bath tub, but the shower was fine. You can fill your own complimentary bottles of fresh purified water near the elevators. Please be aware of the fact that the hotel is situated in a business area, so if you want to go out for breakfast you have to walk quite a long distance or get to the underground first (short walk to the Bank station). It is better to book breakfast at the hotel. Beds were fine, cleanliness was neutral (have seen cleaner hotels). Overall this is a very friendly, comfortable hotel for a weekend's stay at London! Also very simple check-in and check-out machine.	
Jun 18 2007	Perfect Hotel!	After reading the reviews on here we decided to stay here. We booked with LondonTown.com and was pleased to say that the hotel matched its description and the photos were exactly the room we stayed in. We stayed in a room with a queen bed, walk in shower, kitchenette with microwave, fridge and coffee machine, a desk, tv and a huge window the length of the room. I will have to disagree with one of the over reviews as the hotel staff were helpful polite and friendly. You check in through a machine which you swipe your card. There is even a lift man which takes you up to the floor your hotel is on and cold water and bottles at the lift entrance.We took advantage of the room service which you had a choice of thai, tapas, chinese,greek,european,italian,and sushi delivered straight to your room and was really good. There iare also films to order if you wanted.The hotel also featured a weatherspoons, cocktail lounge, fitness room and more! I would definately stay here again and was one of the best hotels we have stayed in and you could spend an entire day without needing to go outside!As for location only a 5-10 minute walk from the tube, bank which is perfect for easy transport to central london with a night bus also running nearer to the hotel. Although everything appears to be closed for the weekend but this did not make a difference. All in all definately stay here it is worth the money!	
Jun 11 2007 	Excellent value for money	We stayed on a Friday night, and considering London is one of the most expensive cities in the world, it was very good value for a 4 star hotel. The hotel has self service check in and out but we were grateful for help by the friendly staff. The room was very pleasant &amp; clean. The hotel was just over five minutes from tube stations at Bank &amp; Monument. Bank is better as many lines cross there, but London Underground being what it is, some lines or even the complete station are shut down with little notice (meaning a walk to the next station). Being a business area there is very little open at the weekend (all nearby shops, M&amp;S etc. closed on Sat. morning), and the area is quite quiet even from tourists.We had a pleasant walk from the hotel over London Bridge, along the Thames and back over Tower Bridge to the Tower of London (took less than an hour).For a short weekend stay, this is an excellent hotel, though still in the City and a tube ride from Theatre District &amp; other attractions.	
Jun 8 2007	Great facilities superior customer service	I just have to tell all those clients who require internet or access to computers for creating Word documents or PowerPoint presentations, this is the place to stay. The minute we arrived, we plugged in our laptop power cable, the DC/AC converter blew (which was our fault for modifiying the cable in the first place). The concierge not only directed us to Club Quarters' vast supply of Microsoft office-enabled computers, but he also spent 10 minutes finding the directions and times of operations of several facilities that sold new power cables for our laptop. This was extremely helpful as it was a Saturday evening, and my presentation was scheduled for Monday morning (also a UK holiday). I just have to say that this hotel went the 'extra mile' to help us problem-solve. The room was great, too. Very spacious for a European hotel room, and very clean. I was tremendously impressed. Thank you to Club Quarters. I will always stay there when I visit London.	
May 21 2007 	Good value but not perfect	Stayed at this hotel for a few nights. The hotel is in an excellent location if you're working in the City and is very convenient for both Monument and Bank tube stops. Checking in was a bit of a drawn out process and the reception staff had to hunt round for a room for me while I waited which didn't give a great impression. The room itself was fine although very lacking in natural light. I actually ended up with a room containing cooking facilities which can be quite handy with this hotel as there are limited room service / catering services on site. I ate out elsewhere so can't comment on the order-in services available or on the Gaucho Grill restaurant attached to the hotel. In the week there are quite a lot of places round about which are open for food and drink. However, this being the City, it's pretty much shut at the weekend and you'd probably have to hop on the tube to access some nightlife.Staff were pleasant enough but didn't seem awfully competent. For example, ignored 'do not disturb' sign on room door and came in to clean anyway!Overall I thought that for the £75 a night I paid to stay here in central London the hotel wasn't bad at all. I would probably stay again as it's conveniently placed and feels safe when travelling alone. However, don't expect to feel pampered or wowed if you stay here as it's functional rather than inspiring.	
May 16 2007 	average hotel in good location	The hotel is located within the business area of London, and so on the weekends, most of the stores and pubs in the area are closed.During the week, the hotel is in a great location for business travelers.* we felt safe in the location* hotel room was average* hotel staff sold Big Ben tourist bus tickets but didn't know when the buses started and ended each day. This resulted in us losing time twice. One evening we went to get on a bus and service had already stopped, and one morning we went to get on a bus and service did not start until 9:40AM.* the hotel staff were below average * the only pay phone in the hotel didn't work, and the staff didn't know this, we had to tell them* to place toll free calls from your room, it cost 1 poundI am not sure if we would stay here again. If was an average value.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at Club Quarters for 3 nights in March 07. It is very conveniently located, steps away from the Monument Tube station. Very clean, great service. There is a nice lounge on the main floor where they have free tea and coffee as well as a TV and free Internet access. There is also a restaurant/lounge downstairs. Our room was very nice, clean and roomier than we had expected. Keep in mind that during the weekends this area of town is pretty much dead. Nothing is open, not even Starbucks, but it is so easy to jump on the tube and go somewhere that it doesn't really matter. On weekdays however, it is a fantastic location. There is a pub right across the street, Starbucks and Marks and Spencer (for snacks etc...) It is a beautiful street and building. Highly recommended.	
Apr 18 2007	Quiet efficient hotel in the heart of the City	I was staying in London for 4 nights over a weekend and after a careful survey of available budget hotel deals, decided on this one. I was not disappointed - in fact I was delighted overall. The hotel is a converted Bank which retains this ambience and once inside there is a large comfortable seating area with complimentary refreshments and newspapers etc., near the check-in desk. The staff were cheerful and welcoming and helpful too....but more in a moment. The hotel has obviously been renovated recently as nothing seems worn out. The carpets on the 8th floor where my room was situated were new and everything in my room was clean, tidy and efficient. There were windows on two walls, and plenty of space. When travelling alone I always prefer a double room as singles tend to be cramped. The bathroom was very clean and there was a walk-in shower which I prefer, not a bath. I was unaware of any sound from adjoining rooms.The only negative point was the rather noisy air-conditioning fan in the ceiling which I found rather disturbing whilst trying to sleep. I mentioned this at the desk the following morning and immediately the offer was made to transfer me to another room on the 4th floor. This room was darker, but certainly quieter. Breakfast is served in a very modern restaurant where I believe the catering is offered by an outside caterers. Full English breakfast is cooked to order and is very expensive at £13.50. A buffet style Continental breakfast is also available. There is also a Business Centre in the basement and I was able to take advantage of free computer use.Overall I was very comfortable and happy and found the staff to be cheerful and helpful. If you are nice to them, they will be helpful to you !! Some overseas guests can be very critical and demanding. Remember this is a budget hotel - and anyway, how much time are you actually going to spend in your room? I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 18 2007 	Good short-term hotel	Had a one-night visit to London for business, and wasn't interested in spending $500+ for just a bed. Given the price I was quoted (120 pounds) I expected only the worst. Nice surprise to find a good-sized room, clean and comfortable. Spent too much money at the down-stairs bar and restaurant, but it was well worth it for the quality.While the location is on a busy street, there are some nice shops and pubs nearby, and the tube is minutes away. My place of choice now for future business trips.	
Apr 9 2007	Watch the parking rates	The studio room was nice and roomy and the breakfast good though expensive ($20 each for continental). However, be aware that if you stay here during the week and have a car you will be directed to a parking garage that charges $40 a day.	
Mar 13 2007 	Good Nights Sleep	Me and my finacee stayed here for one saturday night as part of a London Theatre package trip. Plus PointsThe hotel was very clean and quiet. The breakfast in the morning was excellent. Everything in the room worked. Tube station close by.Negative PointsBeing in the business district meant nothing nearby was open. Awful fake cow-hide seats in the resturant!	
Feb 22 2007 	Mixed Feelings	I visited my husband at this hotel while he was away on business. I am from the US. I had mixed feelings about this hotel. Please read the whole review because i am going to start with the negative, but there were some pluses also:1-Contrary to the other reviewers, I did not find the reception desk helpful AT ALL. They never said hello or even looked up for that matter when I was passing through to the elevator. Also, we asked for a place to buy water and recommendations for places to eat - everything they suggested was closed! After walking around for ages, we ended up back at the hotel to buy the overpriced water at the restaurant downstairs. Admittedly, this area pretty much closes down at week-ends but knowing that shouldn't they not recommend those places????2-My husband had requested a king size bed knowing I would be joining him on his trip. He arrived to a room with a twin sized bed and was told there was no other rooms available. The night before I arrived, they told him they had switched him to room with a king sized bed, but we really had two twins! How's that for service?3-Our shower drainage was also backed up. I noticed this complaint from other reviewers. Shouldn't they therefore have fixed this issue.Positives 1- This is a big plus. This hotel was EXTREMELY CLEAN. It was basic but clean. I am fussy about this and usually do an &quot;inspection&quot; of the room upon arrival and could not find any issues.2- I found the room itself to be relatively basic (not a bad thing) and EXTREMELY QUIET! I was there for 5 nights and you did not realize there were any other guests except for the loungue on the ground floor. Also, I thought the beds themselves were very comfortable. 3-Close enough to both Bank and Monument tube and Liverpool street station. I didn't find the area being closed on the weekends such an issue b/c of proximity to the tube.4- The &quot;business center&quot; which is really a bank of computers and printer was great and something other hotels should offer. This had complimentary access to the internet which I found helpful b/c I could make travel plans, look up restaurants, etc.5- At the end of the hallway was a little &quot;guest closet&quot; which contained extra blankets, pillows, an iron and mouthwash. All extras which I found very handy.In summary, I think for the price the hotel is pretty good but did have some issues to resolve, most importantly the staff at the front desk and the information they give out.	
Feb 12 2007 	Good for a few nights - not for a long term stay	I stayed at this hotel on a long term business stay from September to December 2006.I would recommend this hotel for a short business stay or reasonably priced weekend overnight stay. I've seen quite a few of the rooms. They are generally clean and the beds are pretty spotless. The rooms range from doubles with fridge and microwave to larger rooms with sofa and kitchenettes. There are tea making/coffee making facilities.The main plus about this place is the staff. I really recommend them for their friendliness and willingness to help.However, I would not recommend this place if you're looking to stay for more than a week or so (or looking for a treat in the city). This hotel lacks the traditional comforts: the bathrooms are functional, basic and cold, the towels are small, the beds are a little on the small side, the decor is functional and office-like and room service options are limited.If however, you just need a reasonably priced place to kip overnight then Club Quarters ticks those boxes.	
Jan 24 2007 	No Complaints. Highly recommend	We flew down to London on a friday morning, took the &quot;Terravision&quot; coach service from Stansted , journey to liverpool street station took 45 minutes, Liverpool st station is just a 10 minute walk from Clubquarters. We arrived at the hotel at around 9.30am, we first went to the Wetherspoons pub which is next door, fantastic place, breakfasts are delicous, at around 11am we went in to the hotel to ask what time we could check in, they had a room for us right away, our room was massive considering how little we had paid (around the £70 mark), bathroom was nicely sized with a large shower, comfortable bed and excellent in room facilities. Very quiet area at weekends but hop on a bus or take a short stroll and your once again back in action.We would definately return to this hotel, Highly recommend!	
Dec 12 2006 	Great place	We stayed at the hotel for three nights in December. The staff was friendly and very helpful, and the room was very nice. As many have said before, The City is really deserted on the weekend, but Monument and Bank stations are only a couple of minutes away. The elevator-ding on the 7th floor made a funny noise, and that really got us laughing in the morning.All in all - great value for money, and we got to meet Jimmy Carr! (Not in the hotel or the area, I just had to mention it ;))	
Dec 11 2006 	Nice stay	Clean, quiet, nice hotel. Helpful and friendly staff. Complimentary computers with internet access in the business center, open 24/7, very useful! Conveniently close to public transportation. Room is a little small, but clean and contemporary. Would stay there again. [--]	
Nov 17 2006 	Business Hotel that Really Means It	Hotels love business travelers. They're less price-sensitive, don't bring noisy children or neurotic small dogs, and generally do not party loudly and trash the room. Yet, they gouge you on Internet use and do very little to make business easier.The rooms in this hotel (and the sister property I used in Philadelphia) are pretty basic- pleasant, but a shower and no tub, not much maneuvering space in the room- but they have a large work desk, reliable free Wi-Fi, and available services real business travelers need. They can have a takeout breakfast ready for you to pick up on your way out the door, or will send your clothes out to be cleaned and keep them till your next stay. Small exercise room with the basics and they'll also bring equipment to your room.You will not encounter chatty desk clerks, mints on your pillow at night, or any other cosseting and pampering- but I like Club Quarters for their reasonable prices and their emphasis on reliably providing what business travelers want/need.	
Oct 28 2006 	Decent hotel	This was a good location to stay, and the hotel was nice. Very clean, and the service was good. My only complaint was that the only way we could afford it was to stay on the weekend, and everything in that neighborhood is closed on the weekend. Literally everything. From the local pharmacy to the fast food places - it all just closes down. Still, very nice hotel, and close to the Tube (Monument stop is the closest). If you're looking for somewhere quiet to stay over the weekend, this might be the place for you.	
Oct 15 2006 	Value for money in London	London is very expensive to stay! So 80 pounds a night in a place that is not run down, or in a bad area is a good deal! The City is not the most lively place on the weekend but it is safe. Also the hotel is located close to monument and bank stations and walking distance of Liverpool Street stations. The Tower of London is a 5 minute stroll. And it is on various nightbus routes.As for the hotel, it caters to business people and it shows. Our room was ok, not massive but clean and with a nice view of a church. Telly could have had a few more channels but worked. Bathroom again not big but adequate! Also it has free and fast internet in their business centre. The staff on duty was helpful as well.The rooms are not the most soundproof though so if your neighbour puts the telly up loud you will hear that. Not word for word but as a noise in the back ground. But seeing it is not a party hotel most people tend to go to bed quite early. I knew it had no breakfast (probably because it is a business hotel and people tend to grab that as they go into the office) but that can be solved with picking up a breadroll the night before. Sadly the rooms while with coffee and tea, do not have a fridge. The hotel does offer roomservice and breakfast but both are at prices catered towards the business expenses bill, not for travelers.Paying the 1 pound per item for luggage may be a bit strange for a four star hotel (I am more used to hostels doing this) but at least it is safe. They at least do check whether your ticket matches the luggage piece. All in all, for a weekend break in London, this is a pretty good place to use!	
Oct 7 2006 	Not impressed	I stayed at CQ Gracechurch street in September and I wont be staying again.Sure it is cheap and well located, and just what I needed for a night. However I asked for a non-smoking room and was given a room that stank so badly of smoke it ruined staying there.The staff are OK, but there are much better hotels for a few quid more - especially if you are staying over the weekend.I wont stay again.	
Sep 18 2006 	Customer Service A+	My husband and I stayed at Club Quarters Gracechurch on September 8 and 9. Please read the whole review as I have some great things to say but am saving them for last. I won't say there weren't problems: They were renovating the basement lounge, so there was no ice machine. And, they were renovating the restaurant which was open for business. Ah I love the sound of screw guns in the morning, not. I would skip the restaurant anyway. It's like eating in someone’s basement family room. The comforter on the bed felt like it had lead in it. Also, they were some construction on the building next door on Saturday morning, a little noisy. The great things about the hotel really made up for the bad. The customer service was excellent. We wanted to eat in the neighborhood, and twice we were provided with excellent recommendations as well as maps and directions to the restaurants (Caravaggio a few blocks away and Roast at the Borough Market). Anytime we wanted to know how to get somewhere or get something someone whipped out a map and gave us clear directions and suggestions. The hotel is very near the Monument underground stop, very easy access to all the sites and sounds of the city. When we complained about the ice machine, the comforter, and a slow drain in the shower. They were promptly and politely remedied. I want to stress that every employee we had contact with was extremely attentive and seemed to enjoy working at the hotel. I would recommend Club Quarters Gracechurch to anyone wishing to stay in The City section of London.Don't miss the nearby Lloyd's Building and The Erotic Gherkin (Swiss Re Building). Go on Friday evening to Leadenhall Market for drunken stock brokers, and watch your step as they like to leave glasses in the middle of the streets and sidewalks for the tourists to trip over (they think it’s funny). If you don't mind walking about 15 minutes The Borough Market on Saturday is a fantastic place for gourmet types.	
Aug 7 2006 	Mediocre	Having read the good reviews about this hotel, went ahead and booked. As the reviews stated it would be quiet and we expected that. The hotel room was clean and quite big. No bath though. The check in was good and quick and we got our room at 10am. There is free coffee and tea downstairs in the lobby all the time which was a nice touch. The weatherspoon pub next door would have been ideal but they close at 7pm on the Saturday and not open at all on the Sunday. Not far from Monument underground at all and in fact, most buses on their way to Liverpool Street Station will come nearby or even up Gracechurch Street. We left our luggage at the hotel on the Sunday and had to pay £1 for each piece - this was quite a surprise as I have never paid for this service before. All in all a good comfortable hotel, but for £80 not exceptional and no breakfast included.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great Hotel	My husband and I booked this hotel for one night upon our arrival into London. We were so impressed with the hotel that we booked it again three weeks later when we returned to London for the weekend. Both of our stays were fabulous. The hotel is nice, the rooms and bathrooms are great (the beds are super comfortable), and the hotel staff friendly. For what you'll pay, the location is EXCELLENT. London is ridiculously expensive and we had friends that travelled with us on our second trip, but chose a different hotel. They ended up paying a lot more for a [---] hotel in a bad location. You can get such a great deal on the weekends since this is a business hotel. Also, the area around the hotel was extremely quiet at night. The location is about 1/2 a mile from Monument Station, so it's an easy hop on the metro. This hotel is truly in the heart of the city, and within easy walking distance of the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. For budget travellers looking for a quality deal, this place is tops! For Harry Potter fans, the hotel is located across the street from the location of Diagon Alley in the films.	
Jul 15 2006	Good hotel very quiet area in the weekend	I stayed in this hotel with a friend in April. We were quite impressed by it. Only paid 100 euros each for two nights, which is cheap in Londen for a quality hotel. The hotel is nicely decorated, modern with rich fabrics. Our room and bathroom had a good size and the beds were comfy. There was a safe and a hairdryer. I missed tea making facilities (I'm a tea addict). You can make tea with the coffee machine, but that's not very nice. Our room was clean and very quiet. The layout of the rooms is a bit confusing, but if you follow the signs, you'll be okay.I expected to have to check in with a machine, without any personal assistence (after reading the reviews here) but that was not the case. There is staff and they help you with it. It's very easy anyway.Although I'm very positive about the hotel, and the area has got nice old, characteristic buildings I don't know if I would stay here again, because the City is very dead in the weekend and everything is closed (also the Starbucks and other lunch cafes). With a friend it's okay, because you don't stay in the area anyway, but on my own I wouldn't. I don't like to walk 10 minutes from a tube station in a very quiet area alone at night, it just doesn't feel safe although the area looked very safe to me. During the week it's okay though, the City is very much alive then and you can buy sandwiches everywhere. The underground station was a bit too far away I thought, I prefer to have one just around the corner which is possible if you stay in hotels in Earl's court or Bayswater. What we did find handy was that Liverpool street station is in a walking distance. If you arrive from Stansted and don't have too much luggage that's perfect	
Jul 11 2006 	Reservation lost. Guest mistreated.	A young female member of our department had a terrible experience at Club Quarters Gracechurch when she arrived from New York on Monday of this week.Our travel agents had booked a suite for her at Club Quarters through Thursday, even taking the precaution of reserving an extra night (Sunday) to ensure that she would be permitted to check in early on Monday morning before going to the office. The agent confirmed these arrangements, including our willingness to pay for the extra night, with the hotel verbally. Unfortunately, CQ's reservation systems are not well-integrated with industry databases, so the confirmation could only be verbal.When my colleague attempted to register, reception staff informed her that the hotel had no record of her reservation and that no rooms were available. Further research revealed that the confirmation code provided to our agent referred to an entirely different booking for another guest. When my colleague protested that her reservation had been confirmed by the travel agent, hotel staff attempted to placate her with a tiny room - a large closet with a bed really, which the hotel apparently uses for such emergencies - in place of the suite to which she was entitled. The staff depicted this offer as a great kindness on the hotel's part.After seeing the room, which dismayed her, she asked for a moment to consider her options and stepped outside the hotel. At this point - about 10:40 am in London, 5:40 am here, she called New York and informed us of the situation. We promised to investigate alternatives and call her back shortly.While standing near the entrance and awaiting our call, she was approached by another member of the staff who inquired, pointedly, whether she was a hotel guest. When she answered &quot;not yet&quot; (an honest reply), the hotel employee told her that she would have to move along, as she was loitering on private property. The insinuation regarding her reason for lingering by the hotel entrance was obvious, and highly offensive.Fortunately, we were able to find her a room online at another hotel not too far from the City, which she accepted gratefully.Our company has given Club Quarters a great deal of business over the past decade, so this treatment was surprising. We are awaiting the hotel's report on the incident before deciding whether to continue sending our staff there.	
Jul 6 2006	Good Location to explore London	We stayed in Club Quarters Gracechurch over the 1st/2nd July weekend, and found the hotel to be really good value. As others have said before it is located in the City of London district, so it was pretty empty during the weekend, but this is good as you can escape the hustle and bussle of elsewhere else. The Wetherspoons next door was open during the day, and there's a Tescos not far away, so you won't be stuck for food. Not that you'd want to have dinner in the area when you have the whole of London to choose from. I thought the room was very comfortable, I liked the automatic check-in as it was extremely quick. Staff were friendly and professional, and most of all the hotel is very well located to explore the rest of the city. You are a stones throw from Bank and Monument Stations, an easy walking distance to the Tower of London, and the Thames is just down the road. Getting back to your hotel at night was really simple and stress-free as you can choose from so many underground lines. Recommended.	
Jun 15 2006 	Poor Ventilation	I have stayed at this hotel on two occasions and found it very convenient for business purposes. However, during both stays I developed a sinus infection that was very painful and a nagging cough that kept me up at night. I originally though that I had simply caught a cold during my travels, until I realized that my sinuses would clear up during the day while at the office. The problem got worse the longer I stayed, and I actually had serious asthma attacks on my final two nights. I have never suffered from allergies or asthma, so it was quite a fright to wake up in the middle of the night gasping for air and my throat swollen tight.The ventilation system is quite poor in this hotel, as is evidenced by the smell of cigarette smoke throughout the corridors. If you stay over a weekend, there is a large influx of weekend partiers who fill the hotel with cigarette smoke that easily passes from room to room. There are no smoke-free floors, and my smoke-free room had cigarette burns on the night table. If you are a non-smoker, I highly recommend NOT staying at this hotel. You should also be cautious if you stay for more than a few nights as you may (as I did on both occasions) leave with a nasty nasal infection.	
Apr 23 2006	Best deal on the weekend in Central London	This business traveller's hotel is available on the weekend and greatly reduced rates using any one of the online travel sites. We in fact paid $139.00 dollars per night for a queen bed, with sofabed and microwave, fridge, kitchen area in Zone 1 of London's underground.This hotel is designed to extended stay business travellers and is located in a converted bank building on Gracechurch Street in the &quot;City&quot; and financial section. One of the major reasons that the rating is so inexpensive on the weekend is that the restaurants around the hotel close down for the weekend, so you will need to either order in, go to the hotel restaurant, or take a tube a few stops to the West End.Club Quarters Gracechurch Street is a limited support hotel. Check in and Check out is automated and there is no bellman available for assistance. We did find the front desk very helpful in making dinner arrangements and arranging transportation back to Heathrow (60 pounds in a private Mercedes).Our room, 523, was located through a rabbit warren of hallways. Each room is different due to the conversion type of this hotel. Upscale furnishings and bedding is throughout, however the decor is distinctly masculine. The room as mentioned above was a &quot;family suite&quot; which was small by comparison to American hotels, but on par with central London. The windows opened on to a central courtyard, but if it had opened onto the street it would have been a similar view. The bed was comfortable and provided a good night's rest. The bathroom was functional with just a shower and no tub. The greatest convenience was the kitchenette available to store extra food from going out, or to have a snack when we got back from touring. The hotel is right on bus routes and two tube stations are within 5 minutes walk (Bank and Monument). We had no problems getting around by tube and found everyone very helpful and many stopped when we were looking at maps to see if they could assist.If you have children, there is a McDonald's about 7 minutes walk away to the south on Cannon Street. There are two restaurants onsite -- Gaucho Grill, an upscale south american steak house which serves as the main resaurant for the hotel, and Crosse Keys pub which wasn't open when we were there on Easter weekend. For breakfast, the best bet would be to bring your own or come on a weekday when other pubs are open around the hotel. The Gaucho grill does service a continential breakfast for 9.95 pounds and a full English for 13.95. However, if you can make it to a major train station you can get the same thing for 4.95. But it is there if you want the convenience of heading downstairs -- and as we thought of it, we were saving so much on the room, why not indulge and have breakfast in the hotel.Club Quarters Gracechurch Street has a great dining book, similar to New York hotels that allows you to order food from virtually any restaurant or cuisine style and have it delivered to your room and charged to your hotel bill. This is great if you have kids and you have spent the whole day out and about and let's say you want indian, but your children won't go near it. Head to Mickey D's for them, bring it home, then order yourself an indian feast. You have the utensils and plates, etc. to create your own restaurant environment without the hassle of heading out again.There is free internet access throughout, either through your wireless card, wired, or at their business center at computers they have hooked up to printers. There is also a printing service that is free for those with wireless.For the money, this hotel couldn't be beat, but if you seek the luxury of an upscale London hotel -- this isn't it. It is perfect for the travelling family on a budget that is in London on the weekend, a couple that wants a weekend in London without tremendous expense or a single looking for a somewhat upscale hotel for a tourist price.	
Mar 7 2006	Value for London only	Myself and my partner stayed here recently, for a bargain price. Had we paid full price for this &quot;4*&quot; hotel as Expedia put it, we would have been more than a little annoyed.It's calm and quiet, though not impersonal. The double bed was an actual double bed, not two singles pushed together as is often the case (even in other expensive hotels we've stayed at in London). Tea and coffee facilities were good and the room was clean with good heating/ aircon. Free wireless internet in the room was brilliant too. But, the room was small. It only had a shower, albeit a very good one. However, as soon as you step out of it, the freezing air whirling around the floor makes you get dry very quickly. You'd then expect, in a 4* hotel, to put your robe on to keep warm- except there aren't any here. Brilliant...Also, we seemed to be sleeping in a room built into the end of the corridor, designed to make money at the weekends- the hotel is a business hotel Monday to Thursday- when the bankers go home. It was a bizarre triangle shape with the required furniture shoved into it. In all honesty, for a professed 4* hotel, it had little more to sell it than a Travel Inn. The soundproofing is ineffective so we had the dubious delights of listening to the adjoining room's film. Whatsmore, the hotel itself is a maze of corridors, so don't come back drunk, you'll never find your room again! Location is good for central London, particularly at the price, being in the middle of Zone 1 for the tube. However, Bank is not the most picturesque part of London, and our 6th floor room had no view to speak of, other than the parking lots of the other high rises. The best tip we can give is have breakfast at the Crosse Keys pub next door- all amenities in the hotel are priced for business travellers putting things on expenses.We wouldn't go back. Why? Too many other, better hotels flogging rooms through Expedia or lastminute.com for silly prices. Unless there're no other same priced options, go elsewhere. Oh, and there was no trouser press...	
Mar 5 2006	Good Price but quiet area!	Stayed for 2 nights (fri+sat)in march. Good standard of accomadation, nice rooms with small bathroom but has a good powerfull shower to make up for it! Like other comments made by people its very quiet at weekends as in in financial district of the city but with &quot;BANK&quot; tube just around the corner its only a cheap short ride away from the west end!The only other downside is the self check-in and check-out by a machine. Feels slightly robotic! Staff are on a reception but seem there only for the formality of it all! Overall a nice, clean, comfey, cheap hotel that i would certainly go back to for a weekend stay.	
Feb 4 2006	Great Value	An inexpensive hotel in an expensive city. The hotel is really designed for business travellers on a budget but we stayed for one night as a treat to save us having to commute home after a night out. The hotel is basic but very clean.The room was on the small side ( but I have seen much smaller rooms in other London hotels )and the double bed was pushed up against the wall which was a bit inconvenient for my husband who had to climb over me to get to the bathroom! The bathroom was very basic but adequate for a one night stay and very clean. The location in the &quot;City of London&quot; (the financial district) is fine but ,as mentioned in earlier reviews ,is very quiet at weekends with most of the local shops and restaurants closed. It's a very safe part of London , interesting to walk around and the Tower of London, Tower Bridge and St Pauls Cathedral are all within walking distance.The nearest tube station (Bank) is a few minutes walk away and will get you to the West End in 10 minutes.If all you need from a hotel is a modern,comfortable and clean place to sleep then this is the perfect place at a really great price. We have booked again for two nights in April.	
Jan 15 2006	Disappointing Dormitory	This hotel was a disappointment. I found it advertised on lastminute(-) and as it was a reasonable price in the location I was seeking, I thought it would be ideal. Unfortunately not. The hotel is quite obviously a business hotel (even more so than a typical Ibis hotel) and I would not recommend it for a leisure traveller. There are no porters. The corridors are a rabbit warren. The rooms are basic but not unpleasant. Do not expect any sort of service whatsoever from the staff here. You will check yourself out in the morning at a machine. If you want to store your luggage during the day they will charge you 1 pound per bag.Prior to booking I called the hotel for information about car parking and was told that it was separate to the hotel but convenient. Not true. The directions to the car park were incorrect and the walk from the car park to the hotel (after dinner and a movie at 2am) was long, dark and deserted.I haven't stayed in London before so I can't comment on how reasonable the price was (but converted to Australian dollars you could easily get a lot better at home). There are many other London hotels in the same price range so I would suggest to other travellers that they might give a different hotel a try.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Time at Club Quarters	Recently, my husband, myself and our children traveled to London, England during the Christmas Holiday week. We arrived in London on Boxing Day and were just thrilled to find the Club Quarters Hotel at GraceChurch. The location was great, not far from two of the tube stops each within walking distance of less than 5 minutes travel time. The hotel is located directly across the street from a great little shopping alley which we later found out was used in filming of the early Harry Potter films for &quot;Diagon Alley&quot;. We had reserved two rooms at the hotel, one standard and one family. They were both very clean, well kept and perfect for our needs. The family room was quite large and included a small refrigerator, microwave, eating table and large bath. The hotel restaurant was closed for a few days in observance of the holidays. It opened on Wednesday of the week we stayed. We enjoyed a very nice breakfast buffet and an excellent dinner. The prices are somewhat high, so if you are on a tight budget I would not recommend eating at this restaurant. If, however, you enjoy excellent food, a fun atmosphere, and are willing to pay for it, it is worth the visit. We found a great pub just one door down from the hotel called Cross Keys. It has an excellent bar and lovely dining rooms in the back for non-smokers. The staff was courteous and friendly and very willing to help with any needs that arose during our stay. If given the opportunity, we would surely go back to the Club Quarters at GraceChurch.	
Jan 3 2006	Fantastic Hotel!	I stayed at Club Quarters Gracechurch over New Years Eve 30 Dec 05 - 2 Jan 06 and it was a great experience. The hotel staff was very accomodating and knowledgable. The lobby is impressive, the rooms were spotless and quite large. We had a kitchenette and sitting area with a sofa and chair. This may sound silly but the water pressure in the shower was incredible. My husband and another travel companion used the gym and were both impressed with the facility. The restaurant was fantastic and the restaurant staff, not affiliated with the hotel was also very accomodating. We didn't get into the Pub as it was closed for our entire visit but it looked amazing and huge. I knew from other postings that the area was quiet on the weekends but getting around was a breeze. Bus stops, tour bus stops and an underground station all very nearby. All around our stay was a great experience and I will stay there again if traveling to London.	
Dec 12 2005	Great Value	Just stayed in the hotel this weekend. This is a little gem and must be one of the best value hotels in London. Larger than average rooms and a quiet but friendly atmosphere with a nice lobby and a cheap Wetherspoons next door. my only complaint was that the fitness room was a bit lacking in equipment and too many mirrors	
Dec 7 2005	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for the first weekend in December and would highly recommend it. Our room was on the 5th floor, it was spacious, well layed out, spotless and quiet. I think the shower was the best ive ever had as it was powerful and hot!! The rooms are just as they are on the website and have a radio/CD player next to the bed and a coffee machine on the desk. Each floor has a guest cupbaord where you can get extra bedding, kettles and irons. Reception staff are so friendly and helpful, I would definately recommend this hotel. The other reviews are correct on how quiet the area is at the weekend but a short walk towards liverpool street has more bars as the bar attached to this hotel closed at 7pm.	
Nov 30 2005	Worth coming back to ...	Stayed here for one night as part of a great value theatre break weekend from Lastminute and was pleasantly surprised.Getting there was easy, 5 minutes walk from Bank tube station and the bar next door was easy to spot. Got my Mint card stuck in the check-in machine... don't book with an odd shaped credit card, otherwise you'll have to wait for the lobby staff to help fish it out with a pair of pliers.Studio room was nice and the shower was refreshing and powerful. Didn't use the microwave, but there was no kettle and the coffee machine took hours to heat up water. Cosy lounge area and two TV's to avoid squabbling over what channels to watch! There are no shops open nearby at the weekends, so if you need supplies for the evening, then pick it up from elsewhere before you get on the tube. The vending machines in the basement sold reasonably priced cans and snacks though and offers free internet in the business centre.Our room was very close to the lift lobby, so people coming back after a night on the town at 3am and 4am were quite noisy and could be heard, but overall it was a pleasant stay and very reasonable for a proper hotel in Central London.	
Nov 29 2005	Good Value Hotel	Stayed in this hotel on a Saturday night. Very handy for Bank and Monument Tube Stops. Rooms are small but well appointed and clean. Lounge area is nice and cosy. Only negative comment would be that they charged us £1 per bag to hold the bags the next day until we were ready to go to the airport. Also the local area is a bit dead during the weekend.	
Oct 18 2005	Good price nice room	Spent sometime researching the hotels in London, for a weekend away. The price was really good &amp; cheaper than some travel inns/lodges; the room was really nicely decorated. I didn't get much sleep though due to the bed being extremely soft &amp; the pillow sitting a foot off the bed, made for a very uncomfortable night. The hotel was very quiet so if you did get off to sleep you wouldn’t be disturbed.The hotel is in the financial area so it is very quiet at the weekend but still safe. The hotel is used very much for business people in the week; so don’t expect a hotel service for tourists.Overall good value for money &amp; using the self service to check out was really quick, Monument is the nearest tube station	
Oct 17 2005	Great weekend	We've just stayed for 2 nights in Club Quarters, Gracechurch via a Last Minute booking for £65 per night for a large double. This was really excellent value for such a central location. Good sized room, a huge bed and the facilities were fine. Previous reviewers comment on a lack of service, maybe we were fortunate, we were greeted by pleasant and helpful staff. Ok, you do check in automatically, but that means check out is quick and hassle free. All the other services are clearly stated on flyers in the rooms, on the reception desk and in the lift. There are guest request lockers on the floors - so you can get new supplies of coffee, soap, towels, irons etc. without bothering reception - something I think other hotels could learn from. The small gym, ice and a vending machine are in the basement. Gracechurch is deserted at weekends - be prepared for a lack of pubs, bars, restaurants on your doorstep. But, Smithfield is an easy walk and Monument and Bank tubes are both very close and on main lines to livelier spots. (There's also the benefit that even with the windows open, it was pretty quiet on Saturday night.) Club Quarters isn't basic in the &quot;travel inn&quot; sense - the rooms are of a good quality and any service you need can be arranged for you - but it isn't luxurious. For a weekend sightseeing etc. and if you are happy doing your own thing it's just the job.	
Oct 11 2005	Okay but could do a lot better	Just back form a weekend break in London with my girlfriend. I found Club Quarters Gracechurch getting fairly good reviews on this site, and a friend also told me it was a good bet. So I booked it.Can I first say that it is an okay hotel in a great location. Its clean and safe and can be value for money. On the other hand, as a hotel Club Quarters is quite impersonal and very functional. Its not surprising that it's a business travellers hotel during the week.For instance, during our stay the desk didn't give any information about the facilities in the hotel (e.g. ice machine, gym, etc) - we only found these at the end of our stay - perhaps we should have asked, perhaps that information should have been volunteered. Our room smelled a little strange. The corridors were pretty bizaar and confusing. When my girlfriend arrived before me and tried to check in, she was asked for a 40 pound deposit, even though she had a copy of the booking and I had rang ahead to let the hotel know to expect her. She felt a bit put out. When checking out my receipt got stuck in the card machine, and I had to call the guy on reception to help - he could have waited while my receipt was printing. My girl friend summed it up well - there was a general lack of courtesy in the hotel. The staff could have been better trained on how to make guests feel welcome and valued.Its a great great location, safe, clean, near a tube station and very central. But be prepared for a very impersonal service. In fact, looking back, expect almost no service at all except self service.	
Oct 5 2005	Superb!	Stayed for night on the 1st Oct, the room was booked via Lastminute (although the hotel isn't listed by name on the site), it cost approx £66. Check-in is painless (you just swipe your credit card and your receipt and room card pop out of a machine), but someone is on hand to provide assistance if need be. The reception staff were always very helpful and friendly. I stayed on the 8th floor and the room itself was decorated to a high standard, also with wireless internet. Rooms also have a mini fridge and microwave.The hotel location is fantastic. It is literally opposite Leadenhall Market and a short walk to Bank tube station. However, you really don't need to use the tube if you wish to explore London, so many things are on your doorstep, e.g. Monument, Borough Market, London Bridge, Millenium Bridge, St. Pauls Cathedral, the list is endless!It is worth noting that if you want to leave your bags at the hotel either prior to or after check-in, it is only £1 per bag. I didn't have any problems checking in at midday though, it is officially 1500.I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 20 2005	Good sized room if a little dark	We stayed at this hotel after scouring reviews on this site for a reasonable quality, sensibly priced hotel in London and we were happy with our choice. The rooms were of a good size for London and comfortable, our only complaint being that the room was very dark, with the view from the window being of the building next door. There was no breakfast included in the price, but that wasn't too much of an issue. The hotel was a short walk from the nearest tube station making the rest of London easily accessible. I'd recommend this hotel for a short stay.	
Aug 30 2005	I would stay here again	I stayed for 2 nights this past August and I find this hotel to be very clean, efficient in its checkin/check out procedures and the staff are courteous. It is a discrete hotel; no frills and nothing fancy but it serves a purpose and comes at a great price for London. The city of London is basically dead on the weekends and takes on an eerie feel, however, with the many closeby tube stops within 5-10 minutes walk away, there is no problem at all. Closer by attractions include the Tower of London, and from there, another short distance takes you to two good markets (Spitalfields and Petticoat Lane). The room is not huge and the &quot;closet shower&quot; is very small, however, if you're looking for a cheaper, clean place to crash after a full day's worth of sightseeing, this is the place to be. I would definitely check in here again.	
Aug 16 2005	Wow! Great hotel at bargain price!	Wow! When can I stay at this hotel again?! Stayed for three nights at Club Quarters, Gracechurch at the bargain price of £78 per room per night and would definitely return. Desk staff were courteous and very friendly. Breakfast was not inlcuded in the price, but the hotel is joined to the Crosse Keys Weatherspoon pub which does a full cooked english breakfast until mid-day for £2.79! Our room was on the eighth floor with great view of the gherkin building and Lloyds of London. Room was great size, good modern decor with walk-in power shower. Took advantage of the restaurant delivery service and was very impressed. Prices are listed in the restaurant guide with a £4.95 delivery charge so you know exactly what you are paying beforehand. Delivery took approx. an hour and a friendly member of staff delivered our meal to the room with plates and cutlery. This hotel is so cheap as business companies use it during the week, but a bargain is to be had if you are staying in London on the weekend. The City of London is very historical with the Bank of England, fire of London monument a 5 min walk from hotel, pubs and shops seem to close on the weekend in this area, but a short 10 min walk to Liverpool Street is an option for local shops and pubs. On Sundays, Petticoat Lane market and Spittalfield indoor market is approx. 10 mins walk. Monument and Bank tube stations are a 5 min walk away, with regular buses to Oxford Street and Victoria near the Bank of England. The Thames path is a 5min walk away, 20 mins walk to St Pauls and Tate Modern and 15 mins to Tower Bridge. You simply can't go wrong with this hotel for location, comfort and price and I can't wait to go back!	
Jul 14 2005	Good Weekend Buy for Tourists	This hotel is in the City or business district but only a few short tube stops away from the more touristy areas. Good weekend rates to be had. The rooms are small (even the suite we were upgraded to was about the size of a regular US hotel room), but it is modern, clean, and comfortable. Staff were very helpful. You can easily pay more for a much less desirable room elsewhere. Especially liked the free wireless internet access. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 6 2005	What a bargain! Very nice!	I cannot believe what a bargain Clubquarters Gracechurch was! I agree with the other reviewers. We got £65 including tax on lastminute.com (approx. $130) which for London is unbelievable unless you're staying in a rat trap. The reason this place is so cheap I think is because it caters to Fortune 500 companies but only during the week and these companies have accounts which they pay heavily for. There were lots of business type people around. The room we got was just a standard double but VERY spacious for London and nicely decorated. Very clean and in great condition. The bed was really comfortable with a plush duvet. The bathroom only had a shower which was a disappointment but for what we paid we didn't mind one bit, especially as the shower had unlimited hot water and perfect pressure. They give you really expensive looking shower gel and shampoo which was a plus. Another perk of this hotel is that they have a contract with this special room service thing where you can get delivery from many great restaurants around London at very reasonable prices and they deliver it to your room. We didn't use the service but were impressed by it nonetheless. As far as the other reviewer who thought the lady behind the reception desk was rude, I thought the staff were really lovely all around. No problems at all. Speaking of reception, they have a great reception area with tables and nice leather chairs plus a small library of books and lots of newspapers and magazines and free coffee/tea/water throughout the day. The only possible bad thing about this place is that it's in the business/financial section of the city so it might not be good for people who've never visited London before and don't know their way around. But it is very close to Monument tube station and a short walk from Bank station connecting to all the tube lines. We loved the Clubquarters Gracechurch and couldn't believe what a bargain it was and will happily stay there again any time! Highly recommended!	
May 9 2005	A Great Value Smart Hotel		
May 3 2005	Different experience		
Apr 3 2005	Great value clean and comfortable		
Mar 17 2005	brilliant value for a clean comfortable hotel		
Mar 5 2005	Excellent weekend value		
Mar 1 2005	Good value for money		
Feb 3 2005	Shame about check in		
Jan 31 2005	Excellent Quality for the Price		
Jan 6 2005	Amazing value and quality		
Mar 15 2004	Great bargain!		
Oct 18 2009 	Sicuramente da consigliare.		
Aug 9 2009 	Un disastro		
Jul 19 2009 	???????????????????		
Jun 30 2009 	Für London "gut"		
Apr 28 2009 	molto carino...		
Aug 19 2008 	Trés bon hôtel !!		
Mar 31 2008 	Très bonne adresse à Londres		
Jan 27 2008 	Business Class für kleines Geld		
