Nov 18 2009 	Good value	I staid for a week and was satisfied. The price is very good but remember that room service is extra (..for a studio apt is cost 15 pounds extra/day).	
Nov 18 2009	Amazingly good value	Stayed here for the night after a day of shopping / sightseeing/ drinking and watching Priscilla Queen of the dessert for the 4th time just love it, rather than rushing to get the train home. We were pleasantly surpirsed at how good it was for the price we paid. Now if you think about Super 8 in USA and Best Western you are not far from these, (apart form complimentary brreakfasts in USA) Situated on Northumberland Avenue, 2 minutes from Le Cage Aux Folle, River Thames, Embankment bridge/station, and close to the Sherlock Holmes pub. At the end of the road you hav eTrafalgar Square and a Tesco xpress good for grabbing a snack on the way back.Lobby area really plush but rest of areas are serviceable . The room a twin on the Mezzanine floor had 2 single beds, small flat screen TV, kitchen with dishwasher, microwave, fridge, hob and enough items to keep you going for the overnight stay, as did the bathroom. there is also a safe which was welcome!We did not sample anything here just used it to sleep but seemed to be ok for a base if you are not spending hours in your room, but why would you want to do that anyway when you are on holiday with lots of things to see. Yes we would go back it was great for what we needed.	
Nov 9 2009 	Location location	For visiting London, I have not found a better place to stay because it is 3 minutes to Trafalgar Square, 3 minutes to the Embankment underground station, 12 minutes to waterloo, 7 minutes to the theatre district, 10 to Covent Garden and surrounded by pubs and restaurants. The apartments have kitchens for breakfasts or late night snacks.BUT with the exception of the lobby, the building (corridors and units) are very basic and quite graceless.YET when we next go to London, we will try to stay there. At under $300 a night for a one bedroom unit, it is cheaper and yet more flexible than hotels in the same part of this great city.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Location Old guest house fittings	Great location with well signed entrance and good looking lobby with one laptop giving free internet .Breakfast available.Rooms have dated furniture, old carpet to the floor with dirty curtains and dingy lighting.The value is in the opportunity to have mutli room price tarif which offers a kitchenette.We had a three room penthouse Hahah. Please do not book one of these if you have ltd mobility. There is a very dangerous spiral staircase and the shower room is tiny &amp; unable to open the door fully, and there is just one toilet which is downstairs(both bedrooms upstairs). The beds are made with crisp fresh bedding and we were provided with lots of clean towels.The beds were comfortable.The carpet really is not nice and I would recomend bringing house shoes or slippers.They do provide welcome bathroom pack and tea making pack and there is plenty of hot water .Plus a tesco express at the end of the street.I think this is why the reviews vary so much. The essentials are covered very well, but only if you can ignore some tatty environment and safety issues with those stairs.We would use it again , we've got 4 children and London is really expensive for us when we stay over but I wouldn't recomend friends to stay, as I think most would be very peturbed by the tired furnsihings, almost unhygeinic flooring and tiny bathroom.A good location for families or for extended stays using the kitchenette but do not expect any element of luxury.	
Oct 18 2009 	Location brilliant rooms a little jaded	A group of 3 of us stayed here in a 2 bed apartment for a long weekend at the beginning of October. The hotel has 2 major advantages namely LOCATION and (less so) value. It makes a trip to London so easy when you can walk.......to the river, Tate Modern, National Gallery , St Martin in the Fields, Covent Garden, the Eye, Westminster. It's especially nice to be so near the river. The front of house staff are fine, the beds and shower were fine, the luggage service was very easy when we left our luggage for a few hours after check out - what would make me hesitate to recommend the hotel is the jaded feel, eg the carpets in the corridors upstairs, the sofa was a bit tired, the toilet was a little on the odorous side. Also, the ceilings in the narrow corridors were low. The windows were in peculiar places in the bedrooms because of the way the interior of the building has been refitted. This might not apply to all rooms as ours was a duplex, with an internal stairs from the living area to the bedroom area. On balance, if the accommodation aspect of a break isn't the major criterion, then the location of this hotel outweighs any other factor.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good value for Central London	My husband and I only stayed here overnight for a theatre trip, but it would be very useful as a base for a longer stay, being in the middle of things. The room was functional and fairly no-frills (although there was a new LCD TV with Freeview channels, which we didn't use!), but the beds were comfortable (we had expected a double but got two singles) and the little kitchen would be very handy if you were staying longer. The room was a good size too, although the bathroom layout wasn't the best use of the space. The room was clean and modern enough. Staff at reception were ok but not especially friendly; we had no contact with other staff. Our overall impression was very good for the price in Central London, but don't expect too much.	
Oct 5 2009 	Better than expected... value for money in everyway! Loved Citadines!	On the weekend October 2nd to October 4th we (3 adults) decided to spend a weekend in London… We booked in Citadines Hotel at a rate of 271 Euros (2 nights, 4 adults max)… After reading the reviews, we were not really sure what to expect… the final result, as you will see, was surprisingly positive! First of all, the location! The location can’t be beaten! Right in the middle of everything, still in a very quiet street… its like 2 minute walk from Charing Cross or Embarkment Metro Station… the London eye is like 5 minutes away and so on the rest of the tourist attractions… The commuting from Gatwick Express was like a breeze, going ton Gatwick to Victoria and then to Embarkment in like 45 minutes …. Within 2 blocks there are plenty of supermarkets, small shops, bars, pubs, clubs, restaurants, etc… Then, our room was ready upon early arrival (1030 am!)… the room (820) was on the eight floor… the size was perfect by all means!!! Bathroom and separate shower… then a separate double room… and then a quite big living room with one sofa (that converted into 2 separate twin beds), a big desk and a flat tv… besides, a small kitchen… the décor was modern and practical, nothing fancy but not cold either… the shower had plenty of hot water and nice pressure… our room at night was not noisy at all!The place was not small at all and everything worked perfectly… it was even bigger than many English flats!The convertible sofa was great because it turned into 2 separate beds, so you can place then in a 90 degrees angle… the beds, sheets and pillows were comfortable… everything was clean and in perfect shape… The service in the front desk was practical and efficient in everyway… there is free wifi in the lobby and a computer with internet free to use… Upon checkout, we stored our stuff in the luggage room, as did mostly the rest of the guest, and indeed they make you sign a form that they are not responsible for your goods… as it happens in every other hotel, its just that they explicitly admit it… no problem at the end when claiming our bags…In general, we were extremely happy with our choice… I really believe that Citadines offers true value for your money, since in such an expensive city like London is difficult to find roomy and fairly priced accommodations. I would definitely recommend this to all my fellow travelers.	
Sep 27 2009 	Excellent Location and Value for Central London	Will try and make this as short/brief as I can as there is much to say about our recent stay at The Citadines Apart 'hotel in London Trafalgar Square.Our family (myself; my wife; and 2 teenage kids ages 16 and 18) planned our trip to London at the VERY LAST MINUTE - literally 4-5 days b4 leaving - obviously not what you normally would want to do. Especially not at the &quot;high season&quot; for tourism in London. Thus, our choices for hotels were very limited at that time. After hours and hours of searching, I stumbled upon a room/suite at The Citadines Apart 'hotel near Trafalgar Square. Had never heard of the place and wasn't overly familiar with the entire Trafalgar Square area. Having said that, the daily room price - $250 (US) was reasonable given the ridiculous prices I was being quote elsewhere and other reviews on Trip Advisor were positive overall so we took a chance and booked a room for the week we were staying (Aug 8-16th). In a nutshell, WE WERE VERY GLAD WE MADE THIS CHOICE. Let me address the 2 primary issues to be considered here - the Location and the hotel itself:1. as others have said, it's all about LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION. I can't imagine there being a place to stay in central London that would be more convenient than The Citadines. You are literally within 10 minutes or less walking distance to many of the major attractions:-Trafalgar Square and National Gallery (3 minutes away) - major people watching!-Big Ben (8-10 minutes)-Westminster Abbey (8-10 minutes)-Theatre District (10 minutes)-The &quot;London Eye&quot; (5 minutes)-Thames River (5 minutes)-10 Downing St (6-8 minutes)-Covent Garden (10+ minutes)-Piccadilly Circus (maybe 15 minutes; over rated btw)-Regent Street (10 minutes)In fact, Buckingham Palace was only a 20 minute walk if we had chosen to go that route. The British Museum and Library about the same distance. And walking in London can be fun. Tons to see; surprises around every corner if you watch closely; and lots of people watching. Other conveniences close by would include:-a tube and major rail station immediately around the corner (Charing Cross)-several mini-markets within 2-3 minutes walking (which we used A LOT)-a number of American fast food places (Subway; McDonalds; Burger King; Pizza Hut) for those with fussy teenage eaters also within 5 minutes or so. You get the picture. Everthing was very convenient for our traveling needs. And the area itself - particularly Trafalgar Square - feels very much like what you would expect London to feel like. You can just feel the history oozing out of this area. 2. The hotel and room itself - while not a 5 star world class accomodation - was more than acceptable for our families needs. Specifically:-Our suite (#418) consisted of a main living room with a couch bed and pull out bed and a side bedroom with a queen bed (note: and a fair amount of closet space). The rooms were not huge by any means but certainly not as tiny as some on the 'Net would have you believe and certainly &quot;livable&quot; in that regard. To be precise (yes I measured), the main room was approximately 10' x 15'; the side room was approximate 10' x 10'. Add to that a separate bathroom; separate toilet; kitchen area and a main hallway and it feels like you are living in a small apartment. Which is exactly what this place is advertised as.-The rooms were clean and functional. The Beds were comfortable and that's saying something as both my son and I are over 6 feet tall. And just as importantly, our room faced the back of the hotel (vs the main street which was faily busy) and we heard absolutely no noise at night whatsoever. Very quiet.-The Bathroom - while not huge - was more than sufficient. Very nice shower stall and tons of hot water and pressure which I know is an issue in many European hotels. Towels were sufficient and comfortable. Hair dryer worked fine. (Important to note here: they only change the towels and sheets once a week here if you're staying that long; you can pay to have it done daily (about 15 pounds) but we chose to tough it out).-the modest kitchen with microwave, toaster; 'frig; utencils; etc. was extremely useful for our family - allowed us to save big $ on meals which can be very pricey in London. The only thing not provided (which you can get nearby) was paper towels. Do not underestimate the importance of having an in-room kitchen - especially if you have kids and/or teenagers. Was a major benefit to our stay at this hotel. -almost as important as the room itself, was our ability to connect to the Internet (hey - we have teenagers and the thought of being away from Facebook for more than a day was almost more than they could handle). In that regard, our room was a 10+ as the WiFi connection worked every single time with no problems at all. I was actually stunned that we were able to access the Web so easily as I had read the horror stories from others. No such problem with our room. And the speed was very acceptable.-the flat screen TV in our room - while not huge by any means (about 19 inches or so) was (again) acceptable for our needs. The reality is that your choices in London are fairly limited for TV viewing - especially if you are an American who is used to 300-400 channels on Direct TV or the Dish. And we weren't in London to watch TV so the amount of time we spent in front of the tube (no pun intended) was fairly limited.-the A/C in the room worked fantastic - almost too good - as it could actually get a bit chilly at night if we left it on. Again, I've read stories of other hotels where rooms were stuffy and hot - no such problem with our room. Very comfortable at night.-lastly, there was a trash &quot;shute&quot; (common in European hotels) immediately outside our door. Very convenient. A couple of other things to mention:There is a computer and Internet availability in the main lobby - I used this a lot (at 4-5 am) when the family was sleeping and I was answering email and writing folks at home. Connection was actually slower than the WiFi in my room. But it's available if you choose not to bring a laptop with you. The front staff - while nice and professional enough - were not overly attentive and/or seemingly concerned to the few issues I had to bring to their attention but everything got resolved in due time - albeit with a bit of pressure applied on my end. I would rate them about a 6 or 7 on a scale of 10. I would give the in house maintenance guy a 10 for the one time I had to call for his help as he was there within seconds. We (unfortunately) cannot speak to the breakfast accomodations at the hotel as we did not eat a single meal there. The room is directly off the main lobby and was nice enough. However we rarely saw more than a few people in it. The price of the breakfast - 10 pounds - may or may not have had something to do with it. We choose to stay in our room and prepare our own means given we had a kitchen. Saved lots of $.-There is a very nice looking pub - &quot;The Sherlock Holmes&quot; directly adjacent to the hotel. It's literally within 90 secons of the front door. So there's another food option. -There is also a very nice Italian restaurant also wthin 1-2 minutes of the hotel. We ate there our last night in London. Food wasn't anything to write home about - good but not great - but it's an extremely nice place if you want to go out for a dinner that won't break the bank. Kind of like an upscale CA Pizza Kitchen. OK. . . . .hopefully I've provided you with a good snapshot of this hotel. Bottom line is that we would have no qualms at all about staying there again - and our teenage kids enjoyed it as well for what that's worth. On a scale of 1-10:Location is a 10+Hotel is a solid 8-9 (assuming you have reasonable expectations)Hope that this input is useful for any of you out there looking to visit the central London area. We had a great family trip and this hotel was a critical and positive piece of that experience!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location	We choose to stay at citadines trafalgar square having previously sayed at citadines accommodation in Paris. We were not let down. The rooms are basic but clean and the little kitchen is very handy. We didn't get the warmest welcome on arrival from the receptionist but the service we received was much better from other members of staff. The location was fantastic - Embankment tube station only a couple of mins away and there were plenty of ameneties close by.	
Sep 19 2009 	Keep away from this hotel - you things are not safety and may be stolen !	We were very disappointed by this hotel. Our laptop computer was stolen from the luggage room of the hotel. The hotel stuff and management made them not relevant for this accident and behaved as if it is some negligible youth-hostel, and not the member of the world-wide hotels network. We never met such relation to the customers before!So don't be misled by the visible things - the very central location, reasonable price versus value etc. - in the end you are not safety in this hotel. You things may be stolen and nobody will take responsibility on your troubles.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location but Accomodation could be improved	A group of five of us stayed at the Citadenes Hotel Trafalgar square for 4 nights in August 2009. The location is fantastic, a few minutes from Trafalgar Square, the Covent Garden, the London Eye and all main London attractions etc.Two of our group shared a studio apartment for two adults and three of us had a one bedroom apartment for three (two adults and one teenager).The studio apartment for two adults had a bathroom (small and very high sided three quarter length bath/shower to get into), a well appointed separate kitchen, and a main living room lounge with pull out sofa bed for two. The one bedroom apartment however, had a bathroom (same small bath/shower with high side to climb over and into), a separate bedroom with double bed, and a living area with sofa /pull-out bed. There was no kitchen in this apartment, when opening what looked like wardrobe doors in the main living area, there was found a kitchen area. The master electricity switch for this kitchen area was behind the pull out doors and was initially overlooked being hard to find. The kitchen units were clean but shabby with chipped edges. The cleanliness in the bathroom was much to be desired, human hair on the tiles and mirror as though an old rag had been used to wipe over, (possibly a previous occupants bath towel). Also, this room overlooked the back of the hotel and was quite noisy at nightime. The studio apartment, very clean kitchen and bathroom, had a front of hotel room view overlooking Northumberland Avenue, this was a much nicer apartment. We did not however have time to keep putting the sofa bed up and down, so left it up, so may as well have been staying in a normal double hotel bedroom with a real bed as opposed to a pull down sofa bed. The first night, my alarm clock fell under the bed, and I found a load of broken glass underneath the sofa bed itself while trying to retrieve it.When I booked these two apartments several months in advance, I knew I was booking rooms with sofa beds and kitchen facilities so that savings could be made on eating breakfasts etc., however, it was not immediately clear that rooms are not cleaned unless requested and paid for as an extra. Beds are not made, bedding not changed, towels not changed and rubbish is not removed. This is acceptable for a one or two night stay. But, after four days, we would have appreciated at least our rubbish bins emptied.Another thing to mention. On early arrival at this hotel, our room was not ready, ok we knew it would not be ready, we were early. The reception staff greeted us warmly and told us we could leave our luggage securely with them in a locked and secure area behind reception, and we were pleased and grateful for this. However – on vacating our rooms on the day of departure, we needed to leave our luggage for a few hours that morning before our transfers arrived to collect us. We were told that there we would have to sign a responsibility waiver form as our belongings could only be left in two ‘left luggage’ rooms where the keys are given freely to anyone seemingly using this facility. This was actually quite alarming. There are two small damp cupboard rooms where luggage can be left, but the keys to both rooms are given to anyone requesting them. Both rooms had broken locks with handles which came off when opening and closing the doors. It was a case of “you are no longer residents here; it’s up entirely up to you if you risk leaving your belongings here because we don’t care now you are going”! Very disappointing after having spent a large amount of money staying at this hotel.The price we paid, being the height of season was not cheap. It is about the same as a hotel room which includes room service (rooms cleaned, beds made etc). The advantage is that you have kitchen and fridge facilities. I would stay here again - as I now know what to expect, and as mentioned, the location is fantastic for London and sightseeing.	
Sep 15 2009 	disappointing	Very small, cold and noisy room. Honestly with there are many cheaper and better places in London.	
Sep 14 2009 	perfect	It had a great location. staff were friendley and rooms were clean. had a great time in London a lot of attractions were in walking distance.The bus tour was good got to see a lot more than we would of by tube.Was worried about getting to hotel from Heathrow but found a great taxi company{london Executive Chauffeurs} were there on time and good price. Took us door to door. Worth trying this hotel if you want somewhere central.	
Sep 6 2009 	Fabulous location good price adequate accomodations	Location, location, location! Right down the block from Trafalgar Square, walked to the London Eye, Buckingham Palace, National Gallery, St James Park. We also walked to Westminister Abbey, Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, but it was tiring. Right around the corner from Charing Cross station. We were a group of 6 - 2 adults, 2 kids (age 9 and 3) in a 1 bedroom and 1 adult one 7 year old in a studion. The 1 bedroom was small by American standards and if my kids were older it would have felt smaller. The bedroom fit the bed and you could maneuver around it, but barely - weird closet - clothes hung from fron to back instead of side to side so it was only about 6 inches deep. No dressers, one big closet with deep shelves that fit all of our clothing (it was summer, so no bulky items). Separate room for toilet and shower, a plus as one person could shower and other could use the toilet. Kids slept on trundle bed in living room - two twin mattresses. Little kitchette with one burner and microwave, small fridge, sink, dishwasher and dishes included. We didn't cook but did cereal and packed sandwiches - saved a bunch of $$. My mother and daughter were in a studio - they shared a pull out couch. Not ideal, but better than paying more or staying further away. Also, as a caveat, we are a pretty petite family, but we thought that if we were taller or heavier the rooms would have been much more uncomfortible - a tight sqeeze in the toilet room and shower and definately bumping into each other in the living area. Room was clean but worn, some bleach stains on the carpet (fine with me, meant they tried to clean something!) Front desk staff indifferent but not rude. Biggest complaint - the laundry facilities were a RIPOFF!!!! 7 pounds (about $14!!! ) for ONE token! I just washed stuff out in the sink - there was a drying rack in the shower. Bottom line, I would stay there again for the convenient location and the cost savings from eating in the room for 2 meals a day.	
Sep 3 2009	WOW	I loved this hotel. It's close to everything. There's 2 subway stations at a 2 minute walk. Buses at the door. Train station close by. Great museum at a walking distance. The Thames down the street. I had a blast. The staff was very nice and helpfull. The room were small by our standard and a bit old in décor but everything was clean. Since you mostly use the room to sleep its was perfect.	
Aug 25 2009 	Room is TINY	The room was TINY. The fridge was broken and we could only store a few things. It is far away from a decent supermarket. The dishwasher was literally smaller than a hand-luggage. One receptionist was very cold and rude. The view was HORRIBLE since the windows were never cleaned and were covered in soot. We only had 2 forks, 2 knives, 2 plates etc, which made the stay very uncomfortable.	
Aug 9 2009 	The Heart of London	A fantasticly comfortable no frills hotel in the very Heart of London. Quiet and superbly situated and FANTASTIC value for money . If you just need somewher to sleep , shower and rest a bit this is the place to stay.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great location; Good rate for London	Stayed 1 night here. Easy to find. Fantastic location: 1 min walk to Embankment &amp; Charing Cross Tube stations; 1 min walk to Trafalgar Square; 3 min walk to Covent Garden.Not a great start checking in as we requested twin beds and got a double. Easily fixed moved rooms but then swipe card didn't work! Further trek downstairs but then fixed.Rooms were average: good size, small flat screen TV, kitchen (incl fridge and oven) and bathroom clean and good size.Plenty of eateries around and convenience shops (Tesco Express 1 min walk) to stock up on water, breakfast, dinner etc.The location sells this hotel. Will definitely stay here again. Not sure why they dont charge more!	
Jul 21 2009 	Location!	I have to repeat what many have said before; the location of this hotel cannot be beaten if you are visiting London for sightseeing. Trafalgar Square is a 2 minute walk from the hotel, Big Ben 5 minutes. Most London attractions are within walking distance (we are walkers).The rooms are what we expected from a 3 star hotel. They are fairly spacious (for London) and clean but pretty worn. Internet (wired) is free in the rooms which was a nice surprise. The room gets cleaned once a week so if you are there for less than a week your room will not get cleaned and your garbage will not get removed. You should collect your garbage in a bag and get rid of it yourself since it does add up and there isn't enough space to leave it in the room.Overall, the hotel is an excellent value for the location it has and I would stay there again when visiting London.	
Jul 19 2009 	avoid this hotel	We did not like this hotel at all. Came for one overnight. Had pullout bed which we did not expect. Little furniture with no dresser only a closet for clothes. Carpet was dirty and I didn't want to walk on it with barefeet. Ugly decorating, view of the heating vents outside, high price. Changed rooms, hotel wanted upgrade fee for 2 single beds. Only one computer in lobby, with people waiting at your side for their turn. Paid 17 L ($30 Can) for 3 short local phone calls!!! Breakfast was 10L. Staff seemed inexperienced.Only the location was good, just down the street from Trafalgar Sq., close to Charing Cross stn.	
Jul 19 2009 	Location is the key	Yes, the location is the best thing about this hotel, it's within walking distance to the London Eye, Trafalgar Square and Westminster Abbey. also it's right down the block from the local tube station. The rooms were clean though small. The kitchen was well stocked with just about anything you might need to make your own meals. I would stay there again and will recommend it to friends and family. We did not choose to have breakfast in their dining room but did make our own in the room. Also internet was available in the room.	
Jul 7 2009 	Highly recommended	Stayed there for 2 nights June/July 2009 on business. Excellent location in central London, brilliant access to Tube. Room was very clean, including the bathroom and kitchenette. Sofabed was reasonably comfortable. Staff a bit surly it has to be said. M&amp;S Simply Food 2 mins walk away at Charing Cross if you need to stock up. Would definitely use for business/holiday again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location and great kitchen	A few minutes walk to Trafalgar Square and the undergroud. Near the Thames och London Eye. Rather small room but great kitchen with microowen, stove and fridge. Twinbed and tv. Free internet in lobby. Skip the breakfast at the hotel.	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel was everything we were expecting. It was within walking distance from a majority of London sights (Trafalgar square, the London eye etc), of 2 tube station and a train station. We arrived early and our room was not ready, but the reception staff provide a space were we could leave our luggage so that we could start visiting London.I have to admit that the decor was a bit dated but clean, the washroom was adequate and we never ran out of hot watter. The kitchennette was all that was required, but you have the bare minimum (would be usefull to have more than 2 water glasses).We were situated accross the elevators and I thought it would be noisy, but our room was very quiet. Eventhough the hotel is situated on a very busy street we did not hear a thing.We stayed at that hotel for 7 nights and I would stay there again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Enjoyed our stay !	I had read the reviews and felt slight panic ! The check in was very smooth and the staff very friendly, we on went to our bedroom still expecting problems and to be honest for the £100 we paid for a double room we were very impressed. Very clean throughout, one room was the kitchette which had everything you would need. The bathroom was great , plenty of hot water and nice deep bath with shower above ( needed after shopping all day ). I honestly can not fault the Citadine the location is totally fab and they have a luggage room so you can leave your luggage on your last day free to carry on shopping. We had room 304 and maybe some of the rooms need updating but we were more than happy with our room and to be honest we have paid alot more and had worse hotels in London . It was very warm that day so we did need to leave the hotel window open that night and yes we could hear street noise but then what do you expected when you stay in central London? I suggest ear plugs work great for me !Def stay again .	
Jun 15 2009 	A little tired but the LOCATION makes up for it!!	Having visited London on many occasions for leisure, I must say that the location of the Citadines, Trafalgar is second to none.Taxi cost £8.00 from Euston Station. The embankment pier for the thames clipper is a couple of hundred yards to the left, trafalgar square a couple of hudred yards to the right. Travelling with two teenage children, the citadine apartment layout ideal i.e decent sized double bedroom, ample kitchen with dishwaher, bathroom, wc, living room with television(freeview chanels) cd player, table and chairs and a large settee which doubles as two good sized single beds. One negative point is that the carpets and decor are a little tired and need updating but this is outweighed again by the space in the 'apartment' (in central London!!). It was also very clean.Just on the corner of Trafalgar is a little 24hr tesco shop so we stocked up the fridge fairly cheaply with fresh baguettes, ham etc. London can be very expensive with two burly teenagers constantly starving!! Also for a hearty low cost breakfast there's a Garfuncles opposite and best of all....next door to the citadines is the 'Sherlock Holmes Pub' with very reasonably priced traditional meals and great beer (have a look on the net!).On this occasion we visited London to attend a late night concert at the O2. I pre-booked tickets on the Thames Clipper Express from Waterloo to the QE2 (O2)and of course back again. The Waterloo stop is just over the *jubilee*bridge?? which also has pedestrian crossing again only a few hundred yards(&amp; lots of others going the same way) Honestly, could not have been simpler.If it is a romantic break you are after, then this is NOT for you but if your sightseeing with family or with friends visiting shows or O2, I dont think you'll be disappointed here.	
Jun 6 2009 	Tired and In Need of an Update	I arrived after a long trip from Hong Kong. The room was tired, with a stained carpet and faded decor. At the back of the hotel, the room was noisy and the single glazing let through all the noise of the sirens, tourists going home from the pubs and the late night/early morning drunks.The bed (a pull out double from the room settee) was comfortable, but poorly positioned light switches and protruding metal from the bed ensured a few muffled swear words on the way to a bathroom stop in the dark.This properties rooms are very tired. It needs a refurb. The best efforts of the cleaning satff will never make it look clean in current circumstances.On the positive side, the location is OK, though i was surprised at the poor level of street lighting in Northumberland Avenue where the hotel is located.	
Jun 1 2009	Would not stay here again!	The location of the hotel is fantastic with most things you want to see in London in walking distance. However, the standard of the hotel falls far below expectations.The studio we stayed in was clean overall, but everything was worn and had seen better days. But, when we went to make a cup of tea the kettle had stagnated water with mould growing in it.After calling reception, it took half an hour for somone to come and look at it and replace the kettle. We also spoke to a girl on reception desk about this after coming back from seeing a play. She was less than helpful and had a 'what do you want me to do about it' attitude.We were quite frankly disgusted and would not recommend this place to anyone.	
May 22 2009 	Location LocationLocation.	Stayed 5 nights on the advice of friends (and recent reviews here).Rented a one bedroom apartment. Room clean,great little kitchenette,near to shopping for food. Walk to many attractions, or subway stop just around the corner (with connections to major routes.)Front desk staff are multilingual, very helpful with directions, limo to airport, etc.On arrival our microwave was not working well, it was replaced immediately.Nothing frilly here but a super location for us...we went all day and half the night, great comfortable king bed at the end of the day.! Breakfast buffet in lobby each a.m. good selection of food, coffee,fruit.Internet available in Lobby.We would definitely return.	
May 14 2009 	pretty awful place great location	The Citadines was a GREAT disappointment as it was a worn out, old place with no graces!!! great location however so I may end staying there again bec ause the location is unbeatable.Expensive for what it was!	
May 5 2009 	I'd happily stay again in fact i've already booked!	Ok, this isn't the best hotel in London but you could do A LOT worse. I'm guessing the poor reviews are by guests that have paid the rack rate or are not used to London prices because i think this hotel is excellent value for money. We paid £75 a night and at that price i'm more than happy with the Citadines.The location is excellent, just off Trafalgar Square, theatre district, Covent Garden, etc all within easy walking distance. We were visiting Heaven nightclub that evening and the hotel is not even 5 minutes walk away.The room facilities were actually very good - a fairly recently refitted bathroom with basic toiletries, an ok sized wardrobe with iron, ironing board and safe, a kitchen with all you'd need if you were self catering (even a dishwasher), lounge with sofa, dining table, flat screen tv, music centre and good lighting. There was also a/c but we didn't need this so can't comment on how effective it is. Yes the rooms are dated and the blankets on the sofabeds have seen better days but i'd say our room was clean and functional and at the rate we paid i was't expecting the Ritz.	
Feb 14 2009 	The Studios really provide a fold out bed!	Staff were very friendly at the hotel, and allowed me to check in really early (about 9am), without any problem or challenge. I had booked a studio room, which was clean and simple, but the bed was a folding sofa. Not ideal but not the worst sofa I have slept on. Bathroom was ok, and a little kitchen was included. No cable was available, but a range of &quot;Freeview&quot; Channels were.	
Jan 30 2009 	Rooms need renovating	My husband and I together with two teenage children stayed at the Citadines between Christmas and New Years. Reception staff were helpful and friendly and the location is superb.Reception area looks modern and clean but unfortunately the rooms do not reflect this. Ours was quite shabby, old and dark. Fortunately we did not spend too much time inside! Beds were not too comfortable either and cupboard space was lacking.Perfect location for New Year's Eve celebrations. Will stay again only if renovated. Also stayed at Citadines St Germain des Pres in Paris which was in contrast clean, modern and inviting.	
Jan 4 2009 	good location	booked the hotel with river cruise company as a package for new years eve, group of 8 of us so 4 double rooms,check in was spot on all rooms ready,1 room had a dirty toilet, i mean dirty not just not flushed, asked at reception and was allsorted on our return 2 hours later,another room mine i may add, had no facility to pop up the plug in wash basin, and the shower did not work at all, so not only no shower no bath either.. i mentioned this at reception but was never sorted, good job we had showered prior to arriving and was leaving first thing in morning. no apologies thou.other 2 rooms were fine.apart from the 2 rooms, the hotel is in great location. and yes i would use again for a short stay only thou.	
Jan 3 2009 	Amazing Stay	We stayed at this hotel on New Years Eve with our two sons aged 9 and 7. We were very wary of the reviews that we had read on here however the hotel totally exceeded our expectations. We booked a Duplex 2 bedroom apartment and we were most surprised by the amount of room we had. The living room was lovely, the kitchen was great, the bedrooms were huge and we had the best time.The staff at the Citadines were very helpful and attentive, they allowed us to leave the luggage at the hotel whilst we spent New Years Day at the Parade in London.This hotel is a really lovely place to stay and is so close to the London Eye and stations for New Year. We have already rebooked for next year !!!!!!	
Jan 3 2009 	better than i expected ...	my travel agent hooked me up with this place. i admit that i was a skeptic--the whole sofabed thing put me off but i also knew that accommodation in london was very hit-or-miss unless you paid a fortune.i'm glad to report that my skepticism was unfounded--the sofabed was actually comfortable (they usually have a lump in the middle but these seem to have that problem licked) . my apartment had the main room (which featured the sofabed, tables along both sides of the sofa, a coffee table, an upholstered chair, a desk (from which i used the free wired internet, which always worked well), a tv stand with a tv with tons of channels (important since i was there for the u.s. election day and wanted to watch the election coverage). There was also a full bathroom and a kitchenette (emphasis on the &quot;ette&quot; part--the floor space occupied by the kitchenette was about 2 sq m). kitchenette was more than adequate for my needs (microwaved foods from the tesco down the street or the m&amp;s around the corner, and refrigerator to store cold foods and insulin). bathroom had a shower inside the bathtub and it all worked well.hotel staff were very helpful ... apartments rented weekly don't get daily housekeeping or linen/towel changes, but you can swap out towels for five pounds which i did after a few days. the big win here, of course, is location. it's footsteps from trafalgar square, about as many footsteps in the other direction to the millennium bridge ... so much is within walking distance!i'm going back to london in the spring and i definitely plan to see if this place has room for me then.	
Dec 20 2008 	Excellent location reasonable room	Helpful and welcoming on the front desk.Room 216 was quiet, reasonably clean and had a small functional kitchen.Under 10 minutes to Covent Garden, the Eye or the Houses of Parliament.Under 5 minutes to the National GalleryTesco at the Trafalgar Square end of the road.	
Dec 4 2008 	Great location - but rooms like a hostel	I booked a twin studio at this hotel for my elderly parents to spend some quality time in London. While the location is excellent the rooms are awful: drab, tired, charmless, scuffed, stained, old net curtains, orange/green decor, fusty-smelling bathroom. Think Travelodge and then take it down two levels. I was so embarrassed. To be fair, after I angrily rejected the first two rooms that mum and dad were allocated, the duty manager upgraded them to a better room - but even if I'd seen that one before I made the reservation I would not have gone ahead with the booking.The photo of a bedroom shown on the Citadines website looks excellent. This might be their best room but I can assure you it bears no resemblance to anything we were shown. More honesty please. If you're looking for something utterly basic to sleep in for just a night or two, then maybe ok. But a treat it is not.Reservation warning No1: If you select Studio Double on the Citadines online booking system, it will tell you clearly that you're getting a sofa-bed. However, the Studio Twin says &quot;twin beds&quot; which is why I went for this option. I didn't want parents - both nearer 80 than 70 - having to begin their mini-break by wrestling with furniture. In fact the Studio Twin is also a sofa-bed arrangement, which the second bed sliding out from under the first. It would have been far too low for either of my parents to get in and out of comfortably.Reservation warning No2: The price shown in bold does not include VAT (sales tax) - I missed the asterisks that advised me 17.5% (now 15%) would be added. It meant the price for a boxy studio with a view of the grumbling air-conditioning unit, was £135, excluding breakfast.By chance, a friend was also in London that week, staying across town at the gorgeous Knightsbridge Hotel, part of the Firmdale group. She was paying £185 a night, and for the extra £50 she was getting 10 times the quality.	
Nov 20 2008 	Great Location Worth Staying Here	This was the 4th occasion I stayed at this hotel as I was attending a conference at the nearby Horseguards Parade Thistle Hotel. The staff have actually gotten better. They're pretty helpful and polite and really try hard to accomodate your needs.The location is great! The hotel is close to the West End and London shopping. The furnishings are old and dusty however and could do with some refurbishing. I did notice however that they were re-carpeting this year.Too bad I wont be in London next January though. I'll miss the hotel!	
Nov 14 2008 	Convenience Location but lacking in local favour	We stayed at hotel for 8 nights. We had one room cleaning and linen cleaning during our stay. The clean day was decide by us.It ws a very conveience location with two subway stop and a rail station within 5 minute walk. It is about 5 mintue walk to the Thames River and a walking bridge to the south side. It is a very commerical area. I feel the area lack local favour. My favorite area is still around Victoria station. There was a 24 small grocery store under the bridge. There was also a convenience Tesco Express on the Strand. Two subway stop away was Sainbury on Wilton around Victoria Station. The Sainbury had excellent of cheese, wine, fresh bread pastries and a vast cheaper of groceries. I can recommend the Yum Yum pastries,We walk to Charing Cross railway to get a cab to Victoria rail Station. cost approx 7.5 pounds.Hotel was in a newer building. Check in time is at 3:00 pm.We had room 415 which was very quiet. It had a view of an air shaft.There was no separate toilet as indicated on the website. The tub was very deep and always had plenty of hot water. There was a laundry drying rack in the bathtub. Two large towels and two small towels were provided. There was also a set-own-combination safe. Plus a small closets for clothes , an ironing board and iron were provided.Note: there is a light switch near the front door that closes the majority of light in the rrom.Laundry was 7 pounds for the washer (detergent is included) and the dryer. The washer took 1.5 hours to wash our clothes. The dryer was on for 35 minutes and dry didn't everything. So we hung the clothes in the bathroom and turned up the heater.The kitchen was a closet in the main room. Ifn fact the bathroom was three times the size of the kitchen. You got four of everythingdishes and cutlery. Plus there was nice extra like pasta bowls,flower vase etc. There was also a set of pots and pans. The stove was very very slow in heating up. The main room was small with two 30 inch twin beds set up. The TV had satellite channels.The reception staff was very friendly but we had to ask twice for an extra blanket and extra pillow. The free computer in the lobby best time was in the early morning or late at night.I suggest you bring some J clothes to use for the sink and to use for disposal face clothes. Also bring a small amount of liquor dish detergemt for doing dishes and washing clothes.	
Nov 6 2008 	Never Ever Again	Colleagues and I were booked into this place for 1 night as our travel department couldn't get us a decent hotel. Can't believe we paid £126 EACH to sleep on sofa beds! The showers were a mere trickle of water that changed temperature from freezing to tepid or scalding on a whim.The receptionists on arrival were unhelpful and dspite there being 2 of them only one could be bothered to check us in. Not only that £9 for a continental breakfast is a massive rip off. The only point in it's favour is location and it was fairly clean. I'd never use this place again and will also be advising our trvel section NOT to use them again. Horrible,horrendous and overpriced.	
Oct 19 2008 	Very disappointed	We are a family of 4 - children aged 13 and 10 and we stayed here in a 1 bedroom apartment for 2 nights. The location is superb but first contact with the staff on arrival flavoured our whole experience. We arrived at about 9am from New York extremely tired. As we wanted to be able to get straight into our room we had booked and prepaid for the night before. First of all the staff could not find our booking and then the second staff member after finding it said our room would not be ready until 3pm. It took considerable argument from us to get them to admit that they had given away our room the night before and even further discussion with the duty manager to finally be given a room. This was unprofessional and extremely disappointing. The following day the manager gave us a note apologising and a bowl of fruit!! But we saw this as a bit of a cop out. Like many of the other reviews we would also agree that the room was very tired and staff appeared not well trained. We stayed at the Citadines Paris - St Germain - and had a wonderful experience. Therefore our criticism is of this hotel only and should not be taken as comment on the chain as a whole.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great location very poor value	Stayed here 2 years ago also. Brilliant location is the only reason to consider this property. Run down rooms and inefficient staff with limited english. Took almost an hour to check in...staff couldn't operate computer, photocopier etc. We were intially given a disused room in the buiding. One very hard working male staff member was trying to fix all the mistakes. Stayed at Citadines Paris Louvre also on this trip and facillities and staff were very good. Management really need to spend some money on this tired property and attract more experienced staff.	
Sep 9 2008 	Great Hotel in the heart of the city	We stayed in this hotel with our 2 children (ages 3 &amp; 5). The kids slept in the bedroom while my husband &amp; I were on the couch in the living room. I have to admit that the couch is very comfortable. There is a kitchenette which is very convenient (especially while on a trip with the kids). We were always able to give them a snack since there is a fridge, stove, toaster &amp; dishwasher. The hotel is very clean and the service is great. If we required something it was just a quick call away. We were well taken care of by the staff. Also, breakfast is available at the hotel, which is pretty nice as well. Nice selection of food.The hotel is right by Trafalgar Square (about a 2 min walk). There are a million shops, restaurants and site seeing tours all around. Having said that, it does get noisy at night. There are a few pubs around and the people get pretty loud after a few too many. It bothered us first couple of nights, but we got use to it. I guess that's the price you pay for staying in the heart of the city. I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2008 	Much better than expected	We stayed in a studio facing the road. As some of the Tripadvisor reviews had been quite poor, my expectations were low. I was then pleasantly surprised - the (double pull out) bed was roomy and comfortable, the staff were polite (even when I had moan, more later), the room size was ok, everything worked (almost, the hairdryer wasn't great). The location was fantastic! The only thing I didn't like was when I discovered that I hadn't been advised that for stays of less than 6 days, room cleaning is extra. We'd had a takeaway curry the night before and the leftovers were a bit smelly, and we'd used most of the loo roll (not connected!) so this wasn't particularly welcome news. When I grumbled a bit about not being advised and huffily stated that I wasn't paying an extra £15 just for a toilet roll, the lady on duty handled me very well indeed - the curry boxes were removed and toilet rolls were placed forthwith :-)I was really pleased that we'd found an apartment so we could save a bit of money on evening meals, and being right in the centre of London was a bonus. The decor was a bit faded but that won't put me off staying there again.	
Sep 5 2008 	location great	Great location. Walking distance to tons of attractions. We booked 2 bedroom on 8th floor. Very tight. Bathroom not especially clean- hair on walls, etc... Odd layout. Toilet on 1st floor- shower &amp; vanity on 2nd floor. Broken shower head- never fixed during our stay. We referred to the circular stairs to the 2nd floor as the suicide stairs. Not great for the 3 &amp; 5 year olds. Actually, 12 year old slipped a few times, too. Hubby &amp; I slept on fold out in living room- not so bad. Willing to overlook all of its short comings for the price and location. Will bring bleach next time : )	
Sep 1 2008	Great location	We had a 2 bed apartment on the 8th floor which was quite comfortable. Rather than use the fold out lounge we paid extra for a rollaway which we took upstairs(only the mattress though as the spiral staircase was too small) so the 5 of us were accomodated quite well. The kitchen in the cupboard worked well and the internet was good. The decor is a bit dated but what you are paying for here is location. It is in a relatively quiet part of London as the road is not busy. It feels safe in the neighbourhood and all the attractions of the river, trafalgar square and the palace are easily walked too. When you want to venture further afield the underground is 2 minutes away. I would happily stay in the same place again	
Aug 25 2008 	Give it a miss	If you like sleeping on a sofa bed (quite uncomfortable for 2 adults), old bally blankets, tired looking rooms and rude service when you check in... then look no further! We booked in for 1 night and were truly disappointed in our choice. The location is great and lobby quite plush but thats where it ends. It was definately the only disappointing accommodation of our trip. That will teach me not to check on trip advisor first!	
Aug 15 2008 	greast location good hotel	This hotel was exactly as advertised! Close to everything! We were able to walk to all the major areas of tourist interest! Restaurants for breakfasts (don't do the continental in hotel it is 9 euros per person) lunch are very close and convertry area is full of options just minuteas away on foot.Highly recommend the hop on hop off bus as it is close and gets you everywhere!The rooms are small yet more than adequate, note to self ,if you want a double bed be specific in your request other wise you will get pull out twins! But even they are just fine!Hotel had good clean rooms and bathrooms but since it is an apartment style venue towls are not done daily unless you request it.Would recommend this place for proximity to everything!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Dont be fooled by the fab lobby!!!!	We stayed in this hotel for two nights while in London to see some shows. The room, which was booked for four of us had a pretty clean kitchenette, however, although told that the room was capable of holding 4 (and we were charged specifically at a rate for 4) The TINY living rrom area had just had a bed thrown into the middle of it. The bathroom and toilet wer absolutely tiny just off the tiny hallway and although I would neve complain about old decor this was old shabby and not particulary clean. All prices which we were quoted excluded VAT but this was not pointed out very well which turned out to be a policy, as, when requesting late checkout onthe final day we were quoted a price but when going to pay, of course VAT was added. The ONLY upside of the hotel was the proximity to the tube and the Central but it would be easy to get something alot nicer for the same money and I certainly wouldnt go back	
Aug 2 2008 	Okay/functional/livable NEEDS UPDATES !!!	Great Location,fairly clean,great hotel staff,adequate kitchnette &amp; bathroom ....BUT, I wrote the company &amp; told them IF they wanted to be a Four Star Hotel (as they claim), they need to UPDATE.Hotel Matresses,in SAD SHAPE,Bed Blankets OLD ie.(pilled up everywhere,like somthing from the 60's),Pillows Flat &amp; Carpets need replacing (old,faded,stained in the rooms only...Lobby okay) Furniture, is like in the 60'-70's but in fair/good shape &amp; may be new retro look, but in ok condition. BUT, this hotel, owned by a major corporation around the world (making millions) needs to spend some cash on firm pillowtop matresses,soft new blankets &amp; plush pillows ...what are the most important things in a hotel room? .cleanliness &amp; the comfort of the BED. It would be a great little 3-4 Star Hotel, if they would just make these changes !!! ps. If you are going for 3 or more days I would get the 1 berroom room (for 4 people) &amp; not the studio w/ pull out couch ...we did this &amp; it was enough room not to go stir crazy...the studio, is too small for 2 people for more than a few days. Debbie, Panama City, Florida USA Date of stay July 13-20th,2008	
Jul 27 2008 	Has seen better days	I stayed at this hotel about 4 years ago and went there again recently - in July 2008.There are 2 good things about this hotel. Firstly, as mentioned by other reviewers, its location is very central. Second, there is no charge for high speed internet access.Other than that, there is a lot to be desired. In 2004, when I was there, it seemed like the facility was in pretty good shape. My recent visit showed that it has not been maintained that well.For example, the hallway carpet is worn out, had several stains and patches. Inside the room that I stayed in, the carpet was also worn out. One woujld be afraid of walking bare foot in the room.So overall, while it is in a very central location - allowing you to walk to the theatres and the shopping area - the place is now run down, It has seen much better days.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Great Hotel. Excellent location. Within walking distance to many London attractions and an underground station is only a 2 minute walk. Rooms were clean and modern. We travelled with our three teenagers and they had their own one bedroom apartment, which was very large. My husband and I had an efficiency apartment which was also large enough. We had a sleeper sofa instead of a bed, but it was very comfortable, not a problem at all. Also, having a kitchen was very convenient.Because it is an apartment hotel the maids do not clean everyday, but I actually prefer that. It was not a problem for us to use the same towels for three days. The only thing I would suggest is to bring your own washcloths because our rooms did not have any and when I asked the boy at the front desk for some he had no idea what I was talking about. Fortunately I had read some of the reviews here before going and had brought some of our own from home.Aside from that, the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. They called us a cab when we needed one to the train station and it was there on time and reasonable.Again, this hotel is in an excellent location. It is in a nice area, we always felt safe. It is also close to so many London tourist spots, including the London Eye, Aquarium, Trafalgar Square, Buckingham Palace. I will highly recommend this hotel to families and couples. The price was reasonable and I felt we certainly got a lot for our money.	
Jul 18 2008 	Great location	Basic, smallish room, 6th floor. Nice view, great location. Perfect for West End (musicals), restaurants, sight-seeing. Free internet computer. Good kitchen facility.	
Jul 3 2008 	LocationLocationLocation	Hotel is an aparthotel starting with one room studios with sofabed We have previously stayed in one of these and found that our old bones were not too comfortable. We tried for one of the one bedroom apartments, but these are for minimum of two nights during summer season. The helpful staff suggested we arrived early and they would see what they could do. In the end we were given a twin bedded studio and this was quiet and comfortable.The great advantage of Citadines is its proximity to all the London theatres and one minute from Trafalgar square, but away from traffic as down Northumberland Avenue. We were in town to see 'Joseph' and the Adelphi theatre was barely 10 mins stroll away.Also nearby are The Savoy and Fortnum&amp;Mason. London Eye is at the bottom of the street across the river. A bit expensive but as you are provided with fully equipped kitchen, including dishwasher, meals are easily prepared or can be delivered from several restaurants. 24hr shopping is 50 yds away. One or two meals eaten in your room will more than cover the small extra charge and you will save a fortune on taxis.Book early as we are not the only ones to appreciate this unique hotel.Johnep	
Jun 30 2008 	Mixed feelings = great location adequate room poor service	Four of my adult relatives and I booked an apartment for three days. The location is fabulous with the tube, London Eye, theatre district and even attractions like Big Ben and Westminster Abbey close by. The apartment was clean and well-equipped though the interior overall is a little tired. We encountered a huge problem with the toilet downstairs and the shower upstairs because my mom could not negotiate the stairs and I would be concerned for families with small children because the stairs are a little steep. Able adults would be fine. However, my greatest frustration was with the front desk staff. The various people attending us took care of the essentials but wouldn't assist us with anything that required extra assistance from something as small as asking for an extra basin (we were told there were none to be had in the whole building) to helping me contact a taxi that would accommodate a wheelchair (clearly, the hotel has an agreement with private drivers). To end on a positive note, a computer with free internet access is available in the lobby.	
Jun 4 2008 	Highly Recommend	I'm actually writing this while sitting at the desk in my studio suite. My window is open and I'm listening to the sounds of London in the background.My stay has been wonderful. I was a bit put off by the fact I have a sofa bed instead of a &quot;real&quot; bed. I must say it is every bit as comfortable as a bed would have been. The room is clean. Quiet (if and when I close the window). And comfortable. The bathroom is a nice size and has a full tub with a stand up shower. The kitchenette is small but efficient. There is an apartment size fridge with a freezer. There is a two-burner cook top and a dishwasher. Also a kettle and a toaster as well as pots and pans, cutlery and dishes. There are two closets and an in-room safe.I can't comment on the breakfast, as I haven't been to the breakfast room.The only negative comment I have is the cigarette smoke. It is a non-smoking building, but my room is right above the front door, where all the smokers stand. I can smell it even with the window closed.	
May 7 2008 	Decent room with afforadable price	Cost: $140 pounds per nightSpent three nights, paying $493.50 pounds (with VAT)Come with - shower room (with bathtub)- living room(TV set, writting desk, SOFA bed)- bedroom (king size bed for two person)- kitchen (kettle)- toilet roomBedroom is large, bed is fine, also, come with a sofa bed.Which can comfortably fit 3 person into the room.The hotel also provide free WiFi access.Laundrette charge $4 for washer, $3 for dryer.Generally, the room + service is good.Except :1. the room's carpet seems a bit worn out2. checking procedure taking ages (however, the receptionist is considerable polite)3. no free drinks (have to boil water yourself)4. separation between shower room and toilet room	
Apr 21 2008 	Excellent Location	This is a fantastic location.Staff are a little indifferent but who cares when you are right in the right place.Highly recomend and will be returning to this hotel in the future for sure. We usually stay in South Kensington.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Stay as always	I have stayed at this hotel three times in the past several years. My primary reason for traveling to London these days is to go to the theatre and see friends. The most recent trip was from April 3rd- April 10th. The weather and temperatures fluxuated wildly whilst I was there, and the room temperatures were always comfortable.This hotel is incredibly convenient. It usually has a great rate that I can get, and as I am usually by myself on these trips - it is perfect for the single traveller. I like the fact that I can literally walk everywhere I need to and I don't have to rely on the tube or buses for getting around. Unless I have to travel a little farther afield, and in those situations the Embankment tube station is literally around the corner.It is a five minute walk up to the TKTS booth in Leicester Square- which means less time standing in the queue! As to the hotel itself:I have always found this hotel to be clean, and I like the fact that I won't be disturbed by maid service- if I have a bad case of jetlag- which envariably I do!I always get a studio- and whilst the bed is a sofabed type I have no complaints about it. The refrigerator and microwave are the lifesavers here, as eating out in restaurants can be a lengthy process, and when one is by oneself, not exactly enjoyable. I can get take away from a variety of places, go to the M &amp;S food only shop in Charing Cross Station- 2 minutes from the hotel- or Tesco Metro at the top of Northumberland Ave- another 2 minute walk.I have been there during the summer and winter months and have found the room temperatures comfortable and easy to manage.The hairdryer in the bathroom is my only complaint! I know this style is common throughout Europe and I've always hated it. It is not feasable nor advisable to bring my hair dryer from home- as even with converters- then tend to fry and die! So using this quasi - vaccum cleaner hose as a dryer is a bit of a pain!The kitchen area in my studio unit was separated into a tiny little room. The bathroom was fine. My only other complaint- and it's not really a complaint, just an observation on the aging process- is that it's a bit of a steep and somewhat slippery climb out of the bathtub- it's very high by American standards. But- it's not too big of an issue. If one has difficulties with coordination and lifting up and going down a steep tub- this could be a problem.The hotel staff were very courteous and helpful.A word of caution-I usually get the Heathrow Express to the Airport. Going to and From Paddington Station- Depending on the time of day one checks out- it is much cheaper to get a black cab around the corner outside the Embankment station than it is to use the hotel's mini-cab service. This last time I had to leave very early in the morning and no black cabs were in sight- so I used their mini-cab service. It is expensive. Considering two nights before I used a different mini-cab service to get me from Roehampton where I was visiting friends to my hotel it cost 26pounds- The fare to Paddington Station at 6am in the morning- was 20.00- I needed to get there so I paid it. I also knew the hotel's minicab rate was way overpriced. But, I was stuck and paid the fare. Overall-This is a hotel for people who like the convenience factor without the frills or the outrageous sums of money that most central london hotels charge- Especially now as the dollar is tanking in the Global currency market. For fellow Americans who see this hotel as expensive and think it is $200 plus a night (depending on roomtype) and think it doesn't hold up to a comparable US priceline- Get over it. This is England- For Central London- this is a reasonable and for the most part, depending on the floor you're on (I've been on the 1st floor, 3rd floor, and this past time the 6th floor) and the rooms are fairly quiet. You don't get a tremendous amount of road noise. I stayed in a Hotel in Mayfair that was not soundproofed and hardly slept at all, as the little road the hotel was on- was a major route for the black cabs. Also, the room size you will be getting will most likely be larger than any comparably priced hotel in London.  The Citadines offers great flexibility to eating options that most hotels do not offer. This hotel has kitchen facilities. Believe me- this is far better than some lousy, expensive breakfasts I've had over the years in other hotels. I have read that they offer breakfast. Why would you spend that money on one meal when you can get better elsewhere and cheaper to boot? Take the time to get provisions- so you can have an enjoyable morning. Most touristy places and shops don't open until 10am, so a little planning can give you a great breakfast and a lie in!For great breakfast pastries walk up to Paul in Covent Garden. Also Pret A Manger has great croissants, sandwiches and coffee!I would rather spend the money I'm saving to better use, such as a theatre ticket or two, than for a hotel with a lot of extras- that really don't mean much to me-	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Location 	I stayed here in March whilst waiting to move into a new flat, the location was fantastic; central and within easy reach of nightlife, public transport and shopping. I had a studio which was adequate and of comparable size to other city hotel rooms. The staff were very friendly, yes, you only get amenities such as bathroom supplies, dishwasher tablets and toilet paper on arrival, but they are all available at the front desk free of charge if you need more, you just have to ask. I would recommend this apart'hotel to anyone if they want the freedom and convenience.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good location bad everything else... including the rudest staff I've ever seen!	Location is fab, no denying that. Very close to the tube station and can even walk to Soho/ Leicester sq. But just about everything else is so appalling... where do I begin...OK I think the definition of &quot;Studio with Sofa bed&quot; has got taken a bit too far and too literal here. My room when I went in, was literally one small room with a kitchenette, a tiny tv and a sofa. THERE WAS NO BED! It was just one small living room. And that old sofa...yes...that's right...that's your bed. How silly of me to assume that a studio with sofa bed means there's a bed an there's also a sofa. I thought that proper beds were pretty much a given in any hotel or serviced apartment room -- especially when you're paying this much. The sofa cushions are your pillows and the sheet and thin blanket are already folded into the sofa. If you have slept on a sofa bed, you know that it is not comfortable at all, and this one even feels dirty. Imagine things that fall into sofas, well I definitely felt very itchy sleeping on this sheet that has been stuffed into this old sofa. When I pulled the bed out of the sofa there was a lot of long curly hair that came out with it and onto my bed. It was really gross. The kitchenette was well equipped, but get this -- THEY DON'T CLEAN YOUR ROOM FOR THE ENTIRE TIME YOU'RE STAYING THERE. They only come and clean rooms when guests check out. No cleaning equipment is given either so you have to go and buy your own if you are staying there for more than 2 nights. I happened to be staying there for 5 nights, so for 6 days my toilet and bathroom were never cleaned, my bed was never made and my rubbish bin was over stuffed. Another gross point. The staff are in general not very efficient. But one in particular shocked me because she was so rude, even for London standard. She was walking in the lobby area and I wanted to ask her where the laundry room was. I said hello to her first and before I could even ask my question, she put her hand up, shook her face to indicate 'no' and kept walking, she didn't even look at me. I was so shocked. This is the kind of thing you might get in London for asking direction on the street to someone who's in a hurry. But when you are a paying guest and a staff does this to you? Seriously, I don't know how anyone could possibly think that that is acceptable. Unbelievably rude, what is she even doing working in this industry?And talk about the laundry room-- don't use it. You can't use your own detergent and the one that automatically gets dispensed into the machine smells really bad. You're better off going to a place outside the Citadines. It'll cost you less and it won't ruin your clothes or make you stink of cheap chemicals. All in all, this is what I'll say about staying here -- NEVER AGAIN.	
Mar 27 2008 	Fantastic and Amazing for the price	Booked this hotel via Easyjet holidays. Checked reviews on trip advisor and chose the hotel for its cleanliness rating and location. The location however, was even more outstanding than expected being only minutes away from Trafalgar Square and the Theatre District in one direction and a stone's throw from Whitehall and the embankment in the other. The lobby was very impressive however, our group expected that to be for show and the rooms would be poky and basic. We couldn't have been more wrong. At an average cost per person of £50 a night the apartments were fully self contained including dishwashers, LCD tvs with satellite channels and remote control music centres. All rooms overlloked the surrounding streets and although there was some noise at night with bottles and bins being taken out, the beds were extremely comfortable, little touches like tea, coffee and milk were appreciated and complimentary papers in the morning at reception were welcome. There was also a small internet area for keeping in touch. Having visited london on countless occasions and stayed in many types of hotel (from 1 to 5 star), this small aparthotel greatly impressed and I know my group of accompanying students and staff will all be using it again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great location great space some noise bring your own towels	We stayed in the triple/quad - One bedroom apartment with double bed and full size pull out couch in the living room. One bedroom / living room/ kitchen. The apartment was large by European standards. Bedroom was big enough to fit the bed and a couple of side tables. We had giant windows and plenty of light. Although the apartment was basically clean - there was a mysterious &quot;stain&quot; on the carpet in the livingroom, it looked as if it was an old stain that had been cleaned and left a discolored spot. There were a few issues: a crack above the closet - it didn't really bother us though, the toilet was in a room by itself with no sink and loud bar patrons on the street below our apartment. Finally, if you stay less than 7 days - you don't get fresh towels unless you pay for them.	
Mar 22 2008 	Great Location	Stayed for 8 nights beginning of March. The location is fantastic - just off Trafalgar Square (National Gallery, Nelson's Column, Portrait Gallery) and with in walking distance to Big Ben, Parliment, Westminster Abbey, Thames. Close to Charing Cross and Embankment tube stations, clipper tours of river. Had Studio room with 2 twin beds, small fridge, microwave, stove-top, dishwasher, electric kettle. Allows you to cook (somewhat) or buy prepared meals to reheat. This was such a plus as everything in London is basically double the price it is in the US. We only ate out a handful of times in our eight days (the Sherlock Homes Pub &amp; Restaraunt is right around the corner from the hotel, and there are many fast food places with in a few blocks). There are at least three grocery stores with in 3 blocks of the Citadines so we stocked the fridge with drinks and snacks - there is no Room Service. They do offer a continental breakfast in a breakfast room off the lobby until 10 am, but it came to be almost $18 per person. Room is clean, stocked with dishes, towels, complimentary instant coffee, tea, toiletries, hi-fi and tv. Full bath w/ shower and handicapped accessible. Blow-dryer in bath. The staff was extremely helpful in giving directions and summoning a doctor to the room for medical problem. Room cleaning is offered once if you stay 7 days. The room was actually fairly well soundproofed (we could just make out the wooshing of the elevator that was right outside our door). There is a garbage shute at the end of the hall. The size of the room is what you'd expect in Europe, relatively small with some closet space, an in-room safe and iron w/ board. Big enough for two, with a good sized bath. I will definitely stay here again when travelling to London - it really was like having your own apartment in the city. I would stay here if travelling alone, after 10 pm you need your keycard to open the door to the hotel and it seems like a fairly safe place.	
Feb 15 2008 	location means we will stay again - but don't expect perfection	We booked to stay at the Citadines for 2 nights. I had spent a lot of time looking where to stay and based on reviews on Tripadvisor had gone for this property.As stated in other reviews, the location was fab. Turn left and you were a minute away from the river, a couple of minutes away from Embankment tube station. Short walk away from the London Eye, Houses of Parliament, Trafalgar Square, Covent Garden and many theatres. There was also various shops to buy bits for your room - Tesco Extra at the end of the road and Marks &amp; Spencers Simply food by Charing Cross Station.In the evenings, it was lovely to walk around we always felt very safe. One evening we strolled up to Covent Garden, to the Thai Pot - delicious and not too busy. The next evening we went to Pizza Express and had a lovely meal.The accommodation itself - the lobby is a little dated. Didn't have breakfast so can't comment on the food served. Our apartment was for 6 people. It was basic but served the purpose we wanted it for. The kitchen is well equipped, but some dishes were a little dirty. They supply 1 dishwasher tablet, no washing up liquid, so I guess you are expected to provide your own!The first morning we woke, we found none of the lights worked. Having rang reception, and waiting 35 minutes, someone came up and said that there was a switch that always needed to be left on for the lights to work. You would think there would be a sign to say that, it just looked like a normal light switch! There were so many, we were flicking them off all the time! Also, the hairdryer didn't work nor one of the heaters in the bedrooms.I would stay at the Citadines Trafalgar Square again for its location and reasonable price. But don't expect too much. The beds are fine and facilities, but there is something lacking.	
Jan 8 2008	the location can not be better great location!!!	we stayed here in February and March 2007. Location can not be better, minutes walk to the Embankment with the London Eye, House of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, mins walk to the National Art Gallery, Leicester Sq, and a majority of the West End theatres.Next time we will upgrade to a bigger room though. We will be back after comparing another apartment hotel to the Citadines.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great location great price!	I was looking for an inexpensive hotel for a weekend while I was in London for a weekend with a friend. The location here could not have been better! We were in walking distance of lots of shopping, restaurants, and theaters. The hotel room served its purpose- we had a studio, which consisted of just a bed, a small kitchenette, and a good sized bathroom. Since we weren't staying that long, we didn't need anything lavish and this served the purpose! It also was one of the cheapest places we were able to find. I would totally stay here again!	
Dec 21 2007 	Loved the location	We stayed here in September in a one bedroom apartment as a family of 2 adults and two teenage children.We were very impressed with the convenient location and easy access to tourist sites. The beds were comfortable, especially after a long flight and facilities were quite good. The kitchen was small but convenient for cooking small meals and the washing machine was very good.The service from the staff was OK although reception staff were quite slow. I would recommend this for a family and for the easy access to the London sights.	
Nov 12 2007	Not bad-great location	The best thing about this place? Location. Near the square, a few tube stations, the millinium bridge, bus stops in the square. The Sherlock Holmes pub is just down the street and we did listen to noisey pub goers coming down the street until after midnight, but that was the only downfall - thin walls. It was nice to have a small kitchen, although our stove didn't work, but we mainly kept food in the small fridge for breakfasts and snacks. There is a small grociery store around the corner and again, a perfect location. It was clean and the staff was helpful. Some reviews say it is small, but I would ask, are you planning to hang out in your room for long periods of time? Wouldn't you only use it for sleep? European rooms are typically smaller - Americans don't always realize this (I'm an American, too). I didn't think the size was a bid deal anyway. I would stay again because the location is great for just about anything you want to do. It is not fancy and not the Savoy, but I would stay again. One word - the in- room hairdryer is like a vacuum hose that was cracking from the heat. Bring a converter and your own dryer.	
Oct 22 2007 	Great Location Poor Staff	This appartment hotel has a great location in downtown London, just a stone's throw from Trafalgar Sq, Big Ben, London Eye &amp; Buckingham Palace. The rooms are clean and mostly well maintained. The staff are, however, a huge let down for the hotel. They are poorly trained and most are very unhelpful. They could not even tell me how to get to the hotel's own carpark or where I could find a Chinese restaurant, when China Town was less than a 5 minute walk away. They were unwilling to listen and they were so bound up by rules and regulations that everything was a hastle for them. They did not listen to simple requests and they claimed not to understand us even though English is our first language (something that could not be said for several of the staff). In short, I would expect much more from a hotel in a group of this size and at such a price.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Location- Room ok	Stayed at Citadines in a 1 bedroom apartment, 2A and 1Child, was a fair size for the location (was not big by anyones imagination) but what do you want you are out most of the time) everything was close Tesco around the corner so we could buy grocery items (staying 7 nights we needed to) washing very expense to do there!!! no extras at all included. And we found the staff as helpful as there knowledge let them be they never had a problem in trying to help us with directions. If any faults i would want the rooms alot bigger but you get what you pay for.	
Sep 30 2007 	Great location	Nice Hotel in a great location. Very close to the underground stop and just 10 minutes from Piccadilly. Friendly staff and clean room, small kitchen and a studio couch instead of a normal bed.A few problems with the door lock. It's actually a residence, so we haven't had our room made for the whole stay (3 nights).	
Sep 25 2007	Basic Hotel in a Great Location	The good thing about this hotel is the location, just a few steps away from Trafalgar Square, West End, London Eye, etc. The room is very basic though. We stayed at the stuido room and it was a bit smallish and the worst part is the sofa beds. Not so comfortable really.Next time I'm in London, I'll pay a bit extra and stay in real hotel.	
Sep 20 2007 	Good value despite drawbacks	Excellent location and reasonable price. £500 cheaper than other hotels in central London at least. Nothing included though - clean towels or more toilet paper costs extra! Towels small too. Bed just a very old fashioned and unwieldy sofa bed. Staff fine but we didn't need anything. Room clean enough and good to be able to make tea/coffee etc. Very quiet too. We were loking out onto Northumberland street and could not hear the traffic. We are used to silence in the country so the double glazing was excellent.	
Aug 23 2007 	Your room is cancelled...at 03.30 am	The location is excellent, but that you can see from the map. We made our booking trough [--] and I also informed that we will arrive very late. The plane landed at midnight and after some delays at the airport, we were at the Gitadines reception at 03.30 am. The &quot;receptionist&quot; kindly informed us that our booking was CANCELLED, because we arrived too late!!! Sorry - I cannot understand, because the room was booked, confirmed and also paid. I checked it on the same day from [--]. The man was clearly not capable with his job and started to make phone calls: &quot;what I must do now...etc&quot;. There were empty rooms available, but he could not give us one, because our booking was cancelled (by them). After 40 minutes waiting (04.40 am) he at last got instructions from someone slighty more professional: &quot;now you give them a room and we will sort out this next&quot;. Wonderful. Thank you very much...We stayed at room 812 and it was very small also to European standards. There we no proper beds, only one sofa-bed and one blanket for two persons. Next day I asked if they could give us an extra blanked. &quot;No problem - nice that you reminded&quot; was the answer, but no blanket. The next day I made my second try with same results and gave up the hope.Yes - the location is good, but there are also other hotels in London.	
Aug 10 2007	What a snip!	We stayed for one night on a Saturday while attending a wedding in Pall Mall. Location was superb, as it would be for all London sightseeing.We paid GBP84 for a studio which was ridiculously cheap (through Advertising on line). Their excellent underground secure car park was GBP20 for 24 hours - again, very cheap for location.The studio gave us everything we needed for an overnight stay - once we discovered how to turn the sofa into a bed!Bathroom was excellent, towels, toiletries, hot water all well up to good hotel standards. Bath was more like a US tub - only downside.Studio fitted with good kitchen (including dishwasher &amp; d/w tablet), TV, hi- fi, wi-fi (all free) and there was a free computer in lobby if you forgot to bring your own!Staff were polite and efficient. Lift worked well.What more could you expect for price? Nothing. Whole experience highly satisfactory and will be repeated.	
Aug 10 2007	Basic but met our needs	Stayed here on Saturday 28th July 2007 with 2 friends. I had rung to check that they had a left luggage facility, but we were able to check in to our room when we arrived at 11.30am which was really useful. Please note that the reception staff, whilst not rude, have certainly not been to charm school! (Water off a duck's back to us though).We had a one bed suite with a (slightly tatty and slightly squeaky) sofa bed in the lounge. There was a tv and mini hifi. The kitchen is tiny - fridge, microwave, hot plates, dishwasher. No washing up liquid or tea towels, but we there was one dishwasher tablet. There is no tea / coffee / sugar etc. The shower in the bathroom was very weak and there was a bath which had slightly wobbly taps. There were 2 towels each and the usual bathroom miniatures.Overall, the apartment was clean, and although basic, it met all of our needs for an overnight stay (we went out for dinner). In the kitchen we didn't use the hot plates but everything else worked fine. We all slept well despite a minor distrubance from the bin men on the streets below (we were on the first floor).Finally - the Tesco Express on the corner of N'land Ave &amp; Trafalgar Square is very small - and doesn't stock newspapers. There is a bigger one at the far end of the Strand, but the best is the Covent Garden Metro on Bedford Street.There is also a small M&amp;S food store at Charing Cross.We would happily stay here again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Rudest staff terrible kitchen facilities great location.	I stayed here with my husband and 2 children and just felt I had to write about it to warn others! The kitchen facilities are dreadful -2 hot plates to cook a meal on! The smoke alarm was directly over the hot plates and went off when I cooked a few sausages for my kids. The staff were then extremely rude and told us to stop cooking immediately and then proceeded to ring us 4 times in short sucession and were nothing short of abusive. We then had to order out - too afraid to use the &quot;cooking&quot; facilities again! The bedrooms were small and pokey. On the plus side its in a great location but thats all it has in its favour. I dont think I've ever encountered such rude staff and I'm a well seasoned traveller. Dont come here if you want to self cater and don't bother asking the staff anything!	
Aug 1 2007 	Great cheaper hotel in best location in London!	After reading a couple reviews that weren't favorable, I had to post. I first stayed at the Citadines Trafalgar Square last summer when I was sent to London for work last minute. While every other hotel in the city was around 300 pounds a night, my room was 155 pounds; I stayed a week. My husband came along and worked remotely in the room every day; no internet problems, and a nice work area, and a radio to listen to Capital FM all day! Since my first visit to the Citadines, I've been back to London 5 times, and have stayed here every single time. The prices is ALWAYS cheaper than anything else comparable. I'm a travel agent so I can often get good deals a 4 or 5 star hotels, but I still prefer the convenience of the kitchen and location of the Citadines; this is why you stay here.The kitchen isn't huge, but it's sufficient for having breakfast and lunch supplies; which will save you much more money than you can imagine with the current rate of the dollar to the pound. For a cheap meal, there are 3 &quot;Pret's&quot; within a 2-3 minute walk to buy cheap and delicious sandwiches! Really, with the prices becoming so high with the poor exchange rate, buying groceries is a great way to save money. But don't eat all of your meals in, there are fantastic restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk.Which brings me to the greatest feature of the hotel. The location. Northumberland is a quiet, peaceful, tree lined street. The rooms facing the street do have sound proofing and you don't hear a thing. If you walk 10 minutes to the north you are in Leicster Square and Picadilly. A 5 minute walk to the south and your on the river, where the trendiest restaurants have 2 hour waits! But 5 minutes from there is Big Ben and Parliament. When I go to London my work is to the east of Covent Garden; and even this is a 15-20 minute, pleasant walk. You absolutely can not beat the location of this hotel. The location on a quiet, pleasant street is like a refreshing, enjoyable stroll after a day in the loud city. Yes, it's a little worn, but I've always found it clean, and the staff friendly; and they will give you more toilet paper if you go to the front desk and get it.	
Jul 25 2007 	Care Not Citadines	I had stayed at Citadines Louvre Paris. It was swell. Ergo, I booked Citadines Trafalgar London. Grave error. The hotel has a Private Club next door who has a venue in the basement under a wing of the hotel. There is no sleep but you do bounce to the rhythm of the very loud music. The music ran until 1:30 AM. The desk gave not one hoot. Also DO NOT have the hotel call you a taxi. They provide a &quot;cab&quot; that is not a cab and charges 1/3 more than a regular taxi. They do not give you a final bill, they convert your dollars to pounds them selves rather than have your credit card do it. BIG BUCKS! The nicest person there was the maid.I have stayed many places 1* to 5*- This place is definitely to be missed. A letter to the corporate office went unanswered.	
Jul 19 2007 	Perfect !	Perfect apartment hotel. I stayed July 4th till the 14th. I got the 2 bedroom + family room + kitchen + 1 bathroom + 1 shower. Theres 4 of us. There's only 1 TV in the unit. Of course, why would you watch TV anyway - that would be dumb.The location is the best, walking distance to Covent, Leicester, Picadilly, Pall Mall, the Mall, and the Embankment Underground Station, strand Avenue, Tesco Grocery, etc.etc etc. Bus stop nearby as well. The curb lining up the front of the hotel is lined with trees which creates a coolness with the breeze. We looked at the other hotels that we considered in other London locations and we were so happy we picked the right hotel at the right location.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great hotel in a fantastic location	My husband and I stayed at the Citadines Trafalgar Square from June 28-July 5, 2007. My husband had lived in London about 10yrs ago and was very impressed with this location. He repeatedly stated that I couldn't have picked a better central location for sightseeing. Thereare also 2 tube stations in the vicinity; Charing Cross and the Embankment; the latter of the two we used more often. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. Having a kitchenette in the room was excellent. We were able to pick up some groceries and keep in our room which in turn saved us money. There was a Tesco (grocery store) just up at the end of the street and a couple more in very short walking distance. We were staying for 7 nights so were entitled to one free room cleaning but ended getting 2 cleanings at no extra charge as well as towel changes. I think they may change the towels every 3 days, we got some extra from the room attendants. bring washcloths if you are used to these. Laundry is expensive 4 pounds towash and 3 pounds to dry; soap is included. The room was very spacious (for european standards) and had air conditioning. We had a studio with a sofa bed which was suprisingly comfortable. There is a computer for use in the lobby but is rarely vacant for use; sometimesa line-up. So if you have a laptop bring it. There is free access in the rooms too. My only complaint would have been a front desk individual (which I will remain nameless) who was VERY unprofessional. To make a long story short; make sure you give your callers the direct line to your room so they can bypass the front desk. The front desk staff don't seem to like being bothered with connecting to rooms; at least this particular individual didn't. Despite this mishap, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Citadines Trafalgar Square and would definately return to stay there upon a return trip to London. We had a fantastic rate ~$200 CAD a night; it can't be beat in an absolutely fantastic location like this one and believe me I spent many hours and days researching hotels in London before our trip. You won't be disappointed!!	
Jul 10 2007 	A good aparthotel with a 5* location	We booked an apartment for 6 . I can see that the stairs might be a problem for some, but they are no worse than any average flight of stairs.Slight problems in terms of no basin in the toilet. These apartments could easily fit another bathroom in!Other than that, the accommodation was fantastic value for the money. You can stand in Northumberland Avenue and see Big Ben , the eye and Trafalgar square at the same time. We stayed a weekend and did not use the underground once.Plenty of reasonably priced places to eat nearby, and a Tesco Express on the corner.The two bedrooms were large, as was the sofa bed, and all were comfortable. Having a kitchen is great!!We had plenty of towels, and we also found the reception staff really polite and helpful, orgainising keys for us as we all arrived separatley. The wifi worked no problem, and the computer in reception was always working.All I can say is that some people are never satisfied!! This is a great venue at a reasonable price.	
Jun 20 2007 	just fine for a family	My husband, myself and two kids ages 14 and 12 stayed at this property from May 28th to June 3rd. We had a 1 bedroom apartment. It had a living room with a pullout sofa bed, and an efficiency kitchen which was against the wall and can be closed off with closet doors. The bedroom had a queen size bed and 2 very tiny night tables. Our particular room had the shower and sink in one room and the toilet in another. This was very convenient when getting ready in the morning. This is not a luxury hotel by any means. It is fairly clean, with very spartan furnishings. What it does give you is pretty good space for london at a pretty reasonable price. It was great having 2 rooms and the bathroom split up. We also went and bought our own toilet paper as theirs did not look too good. We stayed six nights, so we did not get any services. We could have however paid for some services, but they were really expensive, like 20 gbp to clean the room. The location can't be beat. 1 block to trafalgar square and very close to two underground stations.All in all if you are looking for an adequate hotel that is fairly clean, fairly spacious, fairly priced and in a good location, this is the hotel for you.	
Jun 7 2007 	Perfect Location Above Average Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Citadines Aparthotel at Trafalgar Square (Room #707) in London May 23-May 30, 2007. We requested and received a non-smoking room. We arrived hours before the check-in time at 3 p.m., and we were greeted by Angela at the reception desk who graciously answered all of our questions and provided us with our room keys. Our room was a studio, which meant we slept on a pull-out sofa, which was a bit tricky to convert from sofa to bed, and I’m not certain I could have mastered the technique myself. There was a loose-leaf binder with directions for the appliances, but the page for the sofa-bed was missing. The room was sparkling clean with no sign of contamination by smoke, and it was possible to open the window to allow in fresh air.  Housekeeping is done on a weekly basis, but that did not present a huge problem for us as we spent little time in the room and really preferred not having people in and out. The supplies include 2 very small rolls of toilet paper and 2 towels, one bath towel and one hand towel, per person. We were supposed to have received clean towels after 3 days, but that did not happen, and it might be because we slept late that day. There is a device over the tub which pulls out to expose several racks on which to dry hand-laundered items. We used it for the towels, and we had also brought with us 2 old towels (having been alerted by other users of Trip Advisor) and just discarded them before returning home. The room was ample for two. Along one wall, behind folding doors that worked easily, was a counter top, sink, drawers, refrigerator with very small freezer, and 2 electric burners. Above the counter were cupboards with dishes and a microwave oven. You wouldn’t be able to prepare an elaborate, gourmet meal, but any economy one can make by not taking all meals out in London is a great convenience and provides tremendous savings, especially for families.  In close proximity to the hotel are at least two small stores from which to purchase items such as paper goods, cereal, milk, sandwiches, juice, bread, cheese, snacks, etc. We made one of those stores our first stop, and spent roughly $30 which guaranteed we could have breakfast in the room each morning and would not have to keep asking for the TP to be replaced. Dining out in London is outrageously expensive. We were told that pub meals may be more reasonably priced, but the pubs were too thick with smoke for us to enjoy. Some pubs have no non-smoking areas, and many of those that do are situated in the same room as the smoking areas. England goes smoke-free in July of 2007. We ate in the non-smoking upstairs dining room at the Sherlock Holmes pub next door to the hotel. We also tried the Red Lion near Westminster Abbey and Pizza Express. There are pretty good hot dog carts outside of the British Museum, and most of the museums have cafes, but in London, plan on spending a good deal of your travel budget on sustenance. The museums, thank God, are wonderful and totally free, although donations are discretely requested. In terms of location, for us Trafalgar Square was perfect. We had purchased two 7-day travelcards, good for Zones 1 and 2, with unlimited rides on tubes and buses. We barely used them. We walked to Westminster Abbey, the British Museum, Westminster Pier (to catch the boat on the Thames to Greenwich), the Garrick Theatre, the National Gallery, the Portrait Gallery, across the Millennium Bridge to Tate Modern. The only time we used public transportation was to get to and from St. Paul’s Cathedral on a rainy day. The travelcards also gave us a 33% discount for the boat to Greenwich.  I had originally booked the Citadines studio through Londontown.net because I had not yet made plane reservations, and I needed to be able to cancel or reschedule. It turned out that I was able to book a trip through Northwest using the same hotel, which is what I ended up doing. The cost of the trip was $3,022, which included airfare for two from upstate New York to Gatwick Airport, 7 nights at Citadines/Trafalgar, HotelLink from Gatwick to the hotel and returning to the airport from the hotel on the day of departure, and trip insurance. I thank all the members of Trip Advisor for being so forthcoming in their reviews. Because of that, we knew exactly what to expect, and Citadines more than exceeded our expectations. In fact, when we travel to Paris in the near future, we will try to book with them. The air quality in the room and on the seventh floor was excellent, and the room provided a beautiful view of the trees lining Northumberland Avenue. The hotel was quiet and well-managed, and for a price one can get more extensive housekeeping and more services.	
Apr 24 2007 	Excellent Location and Good Price for London	I had a good studio apartment for the price for 8 nights at 99 pounds plus VAT so can't really complain.For a UK hotel the rooms were quite big with a small kitchen and clean bathroom. The water pressure in the shower is really bad but at least it was hot.You can open the windows and if you have a room at the front (double glazed) there is a nice London view over Scotland Yard.As a serviced apartment it is only cleaned once a week although if you want you can get the bed made up and fresh towels every day for 5 pounds a day extra. The fold out bed was actually quite comfortable!There is free broadband internet accessin the rooms which is a big plus..Location is terrific and you can walk all around the West End.So - you get what you pay for but for value and location I don't think you can beat it! A four star hotel would cost upwards of 160 pounds per night.	
Apr 23 2007 	London Marathon Weekend	Was a little concerned about some of the reviews on this hotel. I can see why people have complained about not being sparkling clean and not having everything one would expect form a hotel For us (5 adults and 1 child) down to support two marathon runners in our party in was almost perfect. It was clean enough and we were prepared for the other not quite hotel things, thanks to previous reviews.Location, you are in the centre of things, walk to London Eye or Trafalgar square in 5 minutes. Big pasta meal on the Saturday night was possible in the small kitchen. (The Hoover did a good job of holding the door open). The runners just wanted to relax or recover so the extra space was great.On arrival we were offered either a non-smoking 2 bed appartment or a choice of two smoking 2 bed appartments. It was suggeted that the smoking rooms were better and we could check them out for smoke before checking in. We did and they were fine (we hate smoke rooms so we would not have accepted if any hint of smoke). 2 bed appartments are on two floors with a twisting staircase in between, creaky but fine. Two bed rooms bathroom and seperate toilet upstairs Ideal for marathon runners and families for a short break. But will not suit everyone so read\reviews carefully.	
Apr 17 2007 	A Perfect Location and Reasonably Priced	I stayed in the hotel in Jan, with two friends from college. I've been to London many times and the location was superb. You have a choice of two tube stations- Charing Cross and Embankment which are literally two mins away. Its 1 min walk into Trafalger Square, 10 minutes from the London eye etc and close to everything really. We were attending lots of theatre, and it was great to be able to walk everywhere, or be extremely close to the tube. And we were able to walk to the main shopping area.The accomodation was quite good- a very comfortable fold out sofa and a double bedroom. The toilet is in a separate room to the shower, which can be handy, but the extractor fan wasn't working - still could have been worse. Kitchen area very small, but adequate with a little dishwasher.On the whole the staff were lovely- with the exception of one chap working on reception. He overcharged us on the credit card, and got very irate and rude when we were fixing this error. However, there was a more efficient and courteous memeber of staff who was glad to step in and deal with us in a lovely accomodating manner.We never had breakfast in the hotel, we bought our own in Tesco Express on the corner and ate out or cooked. Hotel is a rip off for food and washing clothes, but these are minor things compared to the location.The hotel was quite aged looking, and could have done with a paint job inside. Everything looked worn out, and the TV stations were crappy. But no one comes to London for the TV, and despite the worn appearance everything was really clean.I'm returning to London in July, and will definitely be staying here again. Enjoy your trip. G	
Apr 16 2007	Great Location;Run-down rooms	It is hard to recommend this apartment/hotel because it was just so disappointing. The Citadines Trafalgar Square is in a terrific location. You can walk to the London Eye, Big Ben, Covent Garden, andThe National Gallery. This fact was the only positive. The rooms are in desperate need of a good cleaning and updating. We stayed in a onebedroom apartment. The bed comforter was disgusting. It had hairs wrapped in it and holes. My husband is afraid of bed bugs, so he lifted the sheet to check out the mattress and found another sheet under that one that was full of hairs. It seems that the cleaning staff doesn't remove the bed sheets, they just pile more sheets on top of the dirty ones. It was really gross. The tub was too high off the floor. Someone could really get hurt stepping out if they aren't careful. The apartment also smelled bad. The prices in London are so high, the price for this apartment was cheap compared to others in London, but for what you do pay it should be better. Plus, the Citadines wants to charge for any &quot;extra&quot;. They didn't give us enough towels (Just three towels for four people). I went downstairs and told the front desk and he said there would be an extra charge. I would never stay here again no matter what the price. London was great!	
Apr 4 2007 	Disapointing!!	I've stayed with my wife and kids in a double room apartment. Good part:Good location. Bad parts: It has no cleaning unless you stay more than a week or you have to pay for extra cleaning (aparthotel???). The rooms are needing a urgent upgrade because they are very deteriorated (carpets burned and dust in every corner of the rooms)The bath has not hot water for a family of 5 (really if 2 take a shower its has to be quick or the 3 gets cold water) and is to small. I complained about the water and they didn't do a thing neither explaind me the reason because there was not enough hor water (probably a electric heater that is not enough for a double apartment)For the same price you can get 2 rooms in a hotel having much more confort or if you want a apartment find another much more cheaper.	
Mar 26 2007 	Great location for theatreland - good for short stay	I stayed here for one night this weekend. We were going to see a show &amp; needed somewhere to stay for one night. The apartments are 5 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square &amp; Charing Cross station. There is a traditional English pub called &quot;The Sherlock Holmes&quot; just next door &amp; its worth popping in there for a bite to eat. There is a 24 hour Tesco just up the road too. The staff on the front desk were friendly &amp; polite. We were 3 hrs ealy for check in &amp; they let us check in without any problems. Our room was on the 5th floor, this floor really smelled of cigarette smoke, being non-smokers we noticed it straight away. The apartment itself had a distinct smell of vinegar but that went after leaving the windows open. Out aprtmnt slept 4, one double bed (comfy) &amp; a sofa bed &amp; pull out bed (both comfy). The kitchen is the type that is revealed by opening a cupboard door but has everything you need, microwave, dishwasher, cutlery etc. The bathroom was small but adequate &amp; clean &amp; toilet was seperate. There was also an iron &amp; ironing board. We were woken in the night by a fight going on outside but apart from that no problems. You could also see Benjamin Franklins old house from our window!! Overall - very good location, confortable, clean, ideal for a short stay &amp; only £180 between 4 people. Perfect if you are visiting a show!!	
Mar 10 2007 	Great with Kids	We stayed here with 2 teenagers and it was perfect. We had a 2 bdrm. small apt. with mini-kitchen. A Tesco is just up the block, so we bought dinner there for the kids to warm up in evenings while the adults went out. This hotel is a great location close to almost everything. We easily walked over to the London Eye and up to Leiscester Sq. Close to 2 tube stops as well.	
Feb 24 2007	Don't bother...really	Good location, just moments away from Trafalgar Square and the Embankment Tube station, but other than that it's really not worth staying. You get a place to sleep (the beds aren't great), but have to pay for everything else (and I do mean everything): toilet paper, more towels....everything.	
Jan 18 2007 	Adequate but...	The location is good if you don't mind constant crowds. The hotel lobby is very pleasant and quite impressive for a Citadines.The staff were friendly and helpful---well, some of them were.I had to change rooms until I found one that wasn't tiny (booked a studio), and that had an air conditioner that actually worked.I didn't mind the room. It was cosy with a good sized bathroom. The London Citadines in general are somewhat shabbier than the French ones, so I was expecting that, and this room was basic, but adequate. Unexpectedly, I found I was obliged to extend my stay in London by a few weeks, so I bought a comfortable pillow and a pleasant looking bed cover at Marks and Spencer, and this improved the comfort level of the room.However...staying for an extended period at this hotel, I began to experience some unsettling occurances. About 3 or 4 times a week I received phone calls from the front desk telling me there was an alarm going off indicating there was a fire in my room, when there was absolutely nothing. I don't smoke, and I was not cooking.Also, at about the same frequency, I had maintenance men knocking on my door, sometimes early in the morning, telling me my front door lock was broken, and then telling me they were mistaken. I was constantly receiving these phone calls and notes under my door.These things happened again and again during my stay. Incidentally, I was a woman staying alone (young looking, etc), and did not appreciate the rather leering, disrespectful attitude from one of the men at reception and one of the maintenance men. I was surprised because I am used to the British being polite on the whole. However, this is the first time I have stayed in this neighborhood, as I always stay in the Kensignton/Knightsbridge area where I have not experienced this kind of behavior, at least not in hotels. Also, when I took a shower or bath, more often than not, the hot water would go off. So the plumbing is unpredictable.In general, the feeling I had there was bizarre, and I didn't feel absolutely safe and secure there.	
Jan 12 2007	Unplugged	I stayed at the hotel the second week in January 2007. The hotel is adequate for the money. However, they advertise free high-speed broadband in the room. There is a broadband modem in the room with lights blinking and everything, but it's not connected to anything. The free wifi in the lobby is too slow to be of any use. They ask for full payment for your stay when you check in. No posibilty to move once you figure out it's not what is advertised. The staff stays pretty busy making excuses and appologies.	
Nov 1 2006 	Great location OK rooms	This was my second time staying at the Citadines. Those looking for an excellent location (the heart of Trafalger Sq), will not be disappointed. It's easy to get to and is in walking distance of major attractions.The rooms are very clean. However, since it is an apartment style, they are slightly spartan. Don't be expecting any frills and attentive service here! While the staff is very friendly, they don't go quite to the same lengths as other hotels might for the price they charge.The good part is, each room has a kitchenette, which makes it very easy to keep breakfast items, snacks and drinks on hand. The rooms don't have any views to speak of though, and can feel a bit claustraphobic!	
Oct 25 2006	Perfect Location!	A friend and I decided to spend a long weekend in London as we had both turned 40 this year, and as I had already stayed at a couple of Citadines hotels in France, we thought we'd give this one a try. It was the location that really swung it for me - out of all of the London branches, this has to be the best for reaching the majority of sights, shops, theatres and the river - all on foot. Having said that, there are two underground stations, lots of bus stops and a main railway station within two minutes walk if you want to go further afield.The hotel itself looked impressive from the outside and also in the lobby area, and the staff on reception were all very friendly and helpful. We were not sure when we turned up (about three hours before normal check-in time) if we would be able to have our room straight away, but it was no problem, so we were able to leave our luggage and get exploring. The room that we had (a one-bedroomed apartment that could sleep up to 4 people) was just the right size for the two of us, (a studio, for 2 people, would probably have been too cramped), and it was clean, even if it wasn't in tip-top decorative order. The kitchen was well-equipped, and there was a supermarket nearby for us to buy supplies, so this really helped save a bit of money (being able to make our own breakfast and a snack in the evening). This is the main advantage to staying here - you have the freedom to eat what you want, when you want, and I would really recommend it to families with small children, who often want to eat at times outside of the regular restaurant opening hours, and at a reasonable price. London isn't the cheapest city in the world!Overall, I think that anyone would have a good stay here. I would definitely go back again.	
Oct 10 2006 	Location locationlocation	On a recent visit to London our family chose to stay at the Citadines Trafalgar Square. We had previously stayed at Citadines in Brussels and Paris and were most impressed by their locations, the apartment concept and the flexibility this afforded a family. We were not let down by the Trafalgar Square Citadines. The location is excellent, so close to everything yet reasonably quiet especially when one considers you are so close to Charing Cross, Northumberland Street etc. The check in was so smooth as we arrived from Australia and had booked the extra night so that when we arrived at 6am our room was available...such a good idea for long haul travellers. The staff were excellent, the room was well appointed with small kitchen, bathroom and toilet and a bedroom with an extra bed in the family area. This was perfect for our family of three. I still have trouble with the strange location of light switches (this we found in the other Citadines we stayed at) and also the doors to bathrooms and toilet opening out into the hallway of the apartment..but they are just minor variations to the norm and nothing to worry about. There are 2 small supermarkets in Charing Cross Station itself which gave you good range of foods to select from and there was a Tescos about 600-750 metres away...which was also excellent. It took all of 2 minutes to walk to Trafalgar Square one way and 2 minutes walk the other way to be at the embankment...just excellent for sightseeing and definitely helped the foot sore tourist as you could return to your base for a rest and a drink before setting out to do more sightseeing in this amazing city. The beds were really comfortable even the pull out bed. Added bonus is the free internet which resided in the entrance area of the hotel, however it was out of commission one of the days we were there, minor inconvenience. The stay at the Citadines was excellent and as we chose to go to theatre on one of the nights we stayed, it was a very short and pleasant walk to the theatre. Most enjoyable stay and I will stay there again when next I visit London. Our family has stayed at other hotels in London and we found that this was definitely better than the previous, the star rating of this and other hotels never seems to be precise when compared with accommodation in Australia but Citadines was clean, tidy , great beds and had a good kitchen .	
Oct 5 2006 	Fab location!!!!	Had a lovely stay at this hotel last weekend. We decided to drive to the hotel, and must admit the entrance to the car park was a bit hair-raising, as I was driving a 4x4!! But what a great location. Minutes walk to all the major attractions, which meant there was really no point in getting a travel card, unless you intend on going further out.Didn't utilise the kitchen facilities, but would be so much easier for a longer stay. Would recommend this place, especially to young families. No point having breakfast in the lobby - v expensive at £9 pp. Just buy out and eat in the room!	
Aug 16 2006 	Loved It!!	I had arranged this ages beforehand because I knew my planned date is at peak time and was going to be very expensive. The price...I can't complain about! It was definately affordable (18 with no cash!). I got this via other website so venture around first!The location is amazing I must say, the hotel is situated less than 5 minutes away from trafalgar square and is the prime place situated near all convenient shops and restuarants.The studio room was very nice and modern. The bed is a pull out bed (this is in all studio rooms!) but I expected this after reading the reviews. To our suprise it was extremely comfortable for us, it was easy to pull out and back in. We did spend a lot of time in the room, though the room was not big it was enough for us with a very modern hifi and a colour TV. The air con was easily adjustable. Our room was situated on the third floor with the view at the front. The traffic was busy outside but this didn't bother our stay or our sleep.The kitchette was fully equipped to my suprise. It had everything that I needed, packed with all cutlery and plate/bowls ranges, toaster, stove, fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher, pots and pans etc. However one minor complaint about the kitchen was that there was a door stop but it was stuck to the tiles which meant that it was suffocating with the door closed. Although the kitchenette was small, we were able to make breakfast, lunch and dinner (with 3 course meals!) as everything was accessible and easy to use. The bathroom was very clean with marble tiling as well as the kitchenette. They supplied a range of towels and complimentary toileteries.I would recommend this to anyone because the price was affordable and with full use of the kitchenette and the food brought beforehand, it was definately worth the stay!	
Aug 3 2006 	for the location and more	The good parts:The location can't be better. You can walk almost everywhere. It is quiet, at least we never been disturb by noise in our room at first floor but in the back of the hotel. The staff is nice and helpful. The apartment with one room was very well equiped and clean. It is not a large room but it is fine for 4 persons. (we were only there to sleep) The bad part is the price for the room without service. No change of towel, no clean up of the room everyday. (we've been there 6 nights) We already knew that but we still think it is expensive for what we got. The breakfast is also expensive but with the kitchenet, we eat in our room before starting the day.And if I can suggest something, it would be nice to have another computer for the customer. One is not enough for the size of the hotel.	
Jun 29 2006	Great location 	After having read the reviews I was skeptical that the service would be anything but spartan, quite the contrary - we had helpful people at the front desk that showed us how to get places. Also free Wifi access while you are staying is great.Breakfast - avoid the 9 pound per person breakfast and venture right towards Traflagar Square, when you get to the square look right and you will see a Cafe - my wife and I were able to get a full English breakfast there from a nice guy for 5 pounds each.Pharmacy - is located towards Trafalgar Square and then right - you will see it on the right, it's called &quot;Boots&quot;You simply cannot beat this location, it has everything right at our doorstep, for the price the room is simply unbeatable and will even do for upscale travellers.	
Jun 7 2006 	Just the job	I can only agree with what others have said about the excellent location of this hotel. I was travelling alone, and never felt uneasy or unsafe on my extremely pleasant summer evening walks around London and to and from this hotel. I was able to walk to pretty well everywhere I wanted to go within about 10-15 minutes, and there is an excellent selection of bars, restaurants and coffee shops very nearby.For breakfast, there is a Costa next to Embankment station (2 minutes away) and there is a pretty well stocked Tesco Express about a minute's walk away in the other direction.The studio was a fair size, and I think it would be perfect for 2 for a couple of nights, though you might get a bit stir crazy after any longer. The sofa bed was fairly heavy to pull out, but the chap from reception was up very quickly after I called and got everything sorted for me in no time at all. Bathroom fine, and everything was very clean. The kitchen was very good (though I only used the fridge), and the dishwasher was really dinky. It would have been nice if they had left the basics to make a cup of tea or coffee in the room, but no other complaints at all.I didn't try the breakfast as I could get similar for half the price a few minutes away. Recommended, would definitely stay here again.	
May 4 2006	Fantastic location	Nothing bad to say about this hotel, just nothing great either. The location is FANTASTIC. I lived in London for five years and was very impressed by Citadines' proximity to Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square and Covent Garden -- all places I wanted to go. The staff was not the most helpful, but they weren't rude either. And I liked the free internet in the lobby (although it was ALWAYS in use). The room was really small -- but I think most London hotel rooms are small -- and the shower had absolutely no pressure, which is also typical in London. But the bathroom seemed new, and if you're staying for a few days, the kitchenette is great -- they had everything from a microwave and stovetop to an electric kettle.	
Apr 28 2006	Great Location	Location is wonderful 2 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square. We only stayed for one night for a theatre trip but as a base in London if you were staying a few days it would be perfect with fully equipped kitchenette and sofabed that gives you space to relax in the room when you get back to your room with sore feet. On the downside it is compact (most americans will hate it), the sofa bed is better than most sofa beds but obviously not as good as a proper bed. We will definately stay in a Citadines again.	
Apr 25 2006	only so-so	This was our second time staying at this particular Citadines and we wondered what it was that made us want to stay here again. Last time we had a one bedroom, which was serviceable for a family of 4. This time, we were a family of 5 (with a 70-year-old grandmother) and had booked a 2 bedroom. You should know that ALL of the 2 bedrooms are located on 2 floors, with a winding staircase linking both floors. The toilet is located downstairs and the shower and sink is located upstairs. If you need to use the toilet at night, it means going down a very steep, winding staircase in the dark - something none of us were comfortable with. The staff were very kind in changing our room, but the only other accommodations were much smaller. The location of this hotel is fabulous, but it truly is &quot;bare-bones.&quot; Although they offer a towel and linen change (for a charge which we were happy to pay), they were unable to handle our request for a linen change and very reluctantly gave us clean towels. The continental breakfast is 9 pounds per person. This hotel is worth it if you can get it for a bargain price, but otherwise it does not offer a good value. I personally can't imagine any family who would want the 2 bedroom as it is an extremely inconvenient set-up.	
Mar 27 2006	Wonderful Surprise!!	What a wonderful surprise!!! The location is AMAZING!!! You are literally a 2 minutes walk from Trafalgar Square – hard to beat that. The price was pretty amazing as well - very reasonable. My bedroom was great – with a nice view and it was very clean. I was a little bit concern about the sofa-bed, but do not be - it was great, comfortable and big – although I found a little tricky and heavy to open by myself, but if you have too much trouble the hotel staff will be glad to help you. Check-in and check-out was fast which I really appreciated. I had a great time at the Citadines and definitely will stay there again on my next trip to London.	
Mar 21 2006	Great location a few things left to be desired	I'm happy to report big improvements in staff and in room quality over last year. Staff was polite, cheerful, and helpful, and the room was brighter, cleaner, and more pleasant. All of the good things from last year -- the relative quietness of the rooms on noisy Northumberland Ave., the big bathroom, and well-equipped kitchen, were all still in evidence. With this in mind, I'd love to give this place another star, but I can't. Why, you may ask. I'll tell you: I had the bed from hell. In fact, I'd be willing to bet that the beds they have in hell are probably more comfy than the one I had. My standards are not particularly high, mind you. I know that the studios have sofabeds, and in the past I've found them acceptable, although certainly not the most comfortable. This bed, though, was not only uncomfortable but in bad repair (the mattress support panel would regularly fall through leaving in peril of falling through to the floor), and it bespeaks a certain lack of regard for the guests that the hotel would pass off this kind of Inquisitorial torture device as something acceptable to sleep on. Even with this unpleasant bed business, I find myself in awe of the location and the general value the hotel offers for the money. I just wish they didn't coast on the &quot;location&quot; angle so much, and tried a little bit harder.	
Feb 10 2006	Location Location Location	Stayed at the Citadines Trafalgar in October 2005, and enjoyed the stay. The hotel is located just steps away from Trafalgar Square, and just a little further from Piccaddily Circus. This eliminated the need to use public transport or taxi's. The apartments at Citadines were a bit average. We had opted for the more expensive option of a 2-floored apartment. This was money, we could have saved. I would recommend the Citadines to most people.	
Feb 2 2006	Ugh!	I stayed at the Citadines with my family in mid January, and after a 24 hour flight, was delighted to find that we were given our apartment immediately, at 8am. The hotel foyer is very pleasant, with a welcome computer with internet access, much to the delight of younger guests.However, the 2 bedroom unit was most uncomfortable. The toilet was downstairs, with no handbasin, and the kitchen-living area the most depressing space I could imagine. The carpet was badly stained and the pull out sofa so uncomfortable that we did not sit there to watch the tiny tv. Our upstairs bedrooms were better, but the beds were were rock hard and the bathroom minute, with a very high step into the bath. Oh yes, access to the bedrooms is via a very narrow spiral staircase. This is a place for the fit...As for the washing machines, they are ancient and take for ever. They are so small that we needed 2. However, the desk staff only charged for 1. In fact, we found the staff in general to be helpful, contrary to what others had written. And, very friendly people seem to stay at this hotel. The hotel is so central that I don't think we could have found a better location, but when relatives wanted to contact us, nobody answered the phone at the front desk. Callers were put on hold indefinitely. So, if you stay there, give out your direct number as soon as you arrive.There are excellent shops for groceries nearby, including a large Tesco and a M &amp; S foodhall. You will need them, as nothing is included: not even shampoo or a teabag. There are plenty of good cafes and restaurants nearby, and many main attractions are within walking distance. We felt safe and secure in the local area.Would we stay there again? I would search for something much better for the price. But from our experience of London, that may be a tall order.	
Dec 26 2005	Incredible location!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel in late June and were pleasantly surprised. Arriving from Heathrow Airport, we jumped off the Underground and made the two minute walk to the hotel. We were greeted by an extremely pleasant and helpful staff member who immediatley handed us a map of London. The staff member answered any and all questions we had before handing us our room keys.My wife and I headed up to our room via the very small elevators. With the two of us and our luggage, it was a tight fit! Because it was just the two of us, we decided to get the one bedroom studio. This room was just big enough for two people, so if there are more people in your party, you will need to get another type of room. Also important to note is the fact that the room has a fold-out sofa bed. Here's where the &quot;pleasantly surprised&quot; part of the review comes in. The bed was actually quite comfortable. The kitchen part of the room was, like the rest of the room, small. But we found it quite adequate during our stay. Don't expect to be cooking large meals there, but again, there should only be two in this room! The kitchen, and the room in general, was spotlessly clean upon arrival.Now I come to the only bad part of this review. The bathroom. It was spotlessly clean as well, but the bathtub was a bit dangerous. It required a large step up to get into, and conversely, a awkward step down to get out of. I could see this as being extremely dangerous for anyone with mobility issues. I'm an extremely active 32 year old and I almost fell a few times.One other thing about the room, they don't change the linens for you. You can get this service, but it is at an additional cost. We were there four nights, so again, not an issue.Other than that, we were extremely satisfied with the room. We knew it was going to be small before we arrived, so this was not a surprise. Honestly, I didn't go to London to relax in my room, so this wasn't an issue. But I could see this being a problem for larger groups.Some other things to note; I would skip the breakfast at the hotel. It is overpriced and you can find better food within a two minute walk. And that is if you are walking very slowly. Also, the internet is free in the lobby, but expect a wait. There is only one computer available for your use. However, if you bring your own, they have another high speed connection available.By far the very best attribute of this hotel, other than the price, is the location. It really is in the middle of everything. As mentioned earlier, the Underground (Embankment Station) is two minutes away. Starbucks, if you are a coffee nut like me, is on the corner. Many pubs, including the Sherlock Holmes Pub, are within 100 feet of the hotel. Trafalgar Square is about five minutes away, as is shopping of all kinds. The theater district is about ten minutes away on foot. Buckingham Palace will take you about twenty minutes, but the walk is beautiful. The changing of the Horse Guard is about five minutes away. We left London by way of the Chunnel and again, with our baggage in tow, this was a fifteen minute beautiful walk across the Thames to the train station.In summary, this hotel gave us more than we expected. I expected budget accomodations that would be short on service, and I received excellent service and a comfortable, clean room. My wife and I would definately stay in this hotel again, and probably will someday!	
Dec 14 2005 	Location was great but hotel was disappointing	On the positive side, the hotel was in a great location and the room was very clean with a nice bathroom. On the negative side, however, the bed was an uncomfortable pull-out couch, the hotel staff begrudgingly helped you, the card key for the room got deactivated every day causing us extra trips to the lobby where they would insist that the key worked when it did not, 3 lights blew out in the room and on one day the electricity in the whole room blew out, when we checked out they had NO record of our payment and we had to dig through our packed suitcases to find the receipt. My biggest complaint is the lack of services and the unfriendly staff. You're basically on your own here. I would not stay here again.	
Dec 7 2005	Absolutely Great location and not a bad price	We spent 9 days in late November at the Citadines, Trafalgar location, in London. The main attraction was the location, and you just can't find another hotel in this area in anywhere near this price range. You are 3 minutes walk from the Thames, Trafalgar, Parliament, and 10 minutes from Picadilli, Leicester, Covent Gardens, the theatre district. In addition, there are lots of pubs, cafes, restaurants, and even grocery stores close by. There are three kinds of rooms: studios (living room with couch that folds out to bed), one-bedroom, and two-bedroom. All rooms have tiny kitchenette and livingroom with fold-out sofa. The rooms are very small, but comfortable. They would be crowded if you had a lot of luggage, but worked OK for us. We rented the one-bedroom, and we stayed in the bedroom and had another adult in the living room. This arrangement worked ok, although the bathroom and door arrangements made privacy an issue. I think the arrangement would work better if there were children in the living room; I wouldn't do it again with adults! The toilet and bath/lavatory were in separate rooms, which was good. The rooms were very plain and the furniture was ''early married'', but the beds were comfortable, and the kitchen had whatever you needed for breakfast, snacks, etc. (which is useful considering how expensive London is). The staff was very courteous, and all our needs were tended to. The lobby is nice. Breakfast was too expensive for what was available, but there are loads of more interesting and cheaper options very close by.	
Nov 8 2005	Super spot	My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend in October, 2005, and will definitely return. This is the third time we have stayed in a 'Citadines', twice in Paris and now London. We like the whole concept of self-catering and the facilities for so doing are excellent here, there is everything you would possibly need. The location could not be better as most of the major attractions are within a few minutes walk of the hotel. We did not need to consult the staff very often but always found them very helpful and courteous. There is a small Tesco convenience store very close to the hotel but you really need to go a little further for a broader range of goods. There is a much bigger Tesco near Picadilly Circus and a good Sainsbury's along Picadilly. I would gladly recommend this Citadines to anyone.	
Aug 26 2005	Excellent value great location	Looked for a good central place in London and found it! You just can't beat the location, and while the apartment isn't huge, only the kitchen is cramped. Very quiet location if you get a room that gives onto the back street like we did. Friendly staff at the reception desk. In conclusion, excellent and we will be returning soon.	
Aug 4 2005	Poor Value for Money	Stayed for 2 nights in a 1 bed apartment, with wife &amp; 2 children.Room was clean, but a wierd layout. Toilet was in a different room to the sink &amp; bath. Kitchen was in a converted cupboard - you could not close the door or turn around when inside!! - They should take the door off and make it &quot;open plan&quot;.Main bedroom had a door with a self-closer so strong that the door &quot;slammed&quot; - not ideal when the kids are sleeping in the living room sofa bed. No provision of TV in the bedroom.Housekeeping service is only twice a week - completely useless if you are only staying 2 nights as you quickly run out of towels. They do not leave spare toilet rolls and the soap is so small, it disappears down the darin after one use.Shower was completely useless - although strong water pressure from the main tap, switch it to the shower and it is only &quot;dribbling&quot; out.A continental breakfast is served just off the main lobby - and was quite enjoyable in a relaxed calm atmosphere. Good choice and excellent quaility of fruit - only GBP9.00 per person inc VAT (no discount for kids though - even 4 year old ones!!).Staff were pleasant, although there were more excuses why they could not do/fix things than action.Next time I will be prepared to pay GBP10 per night more and stay elsewhere for better housekeeping service.	
Jul 31 2005	Perfect Spot to stay!!!	This is a great location - only minutes away from shopping, transportation (bus and taxis), restaurants/pubs etc. We stayed here for 1 week and found the apartment to be all we would ever need. We prepared the majority of our meals here and although the kitchen was tiny, it was well stocked. We brought dish detergent and extra dishwaher tabs with us which was a good idea as the hotel provided only one tab and no liquid detergent. They did provide dish towels and sponge and a small dishwaher is present as well.There is a small grocery store that is open 24 hours just off of Trafalgar Square (just a few minutes walk away) or a larger grocery store on Bedford St ( about 15 minutes away) - well within walking distance and all food stuff that is needed can be purchased there.All staff members were very helpful. We arrived at the hotel for check-in several hours before check-in time and the desk staff very graciously gave us our room without any wait at all. There is a breakfast available but the cost is 9 pounds - which is a bit pricy for a continental breakfast. There is a pub next door and another only a few minutes away - both serve breakfast. There are many cafes and eateries around the Trafalgar square area as well.The hotel provide only 1 set of towels (hand towel and bath towel) per person but they will issue more if you ask. There is free internet usage for hotel guests but only one computer so often had to wait but this was not really a problem once we learned to avoid the peak times.All in all, I would recommend this hotel highly. It is clean and well presented. Staff are excellent. I would not hesitate to stay there again.All in all, this is a great place to stay in London.	
Jul 9 2005	Good Location and Value But Not Quite Four Star	I just returned from a UK visit that included three nights in London at the Citadines Trafalgar Square. The location is fantastic. It is in very close proximity to many of the major tourist attractions and transport links making it easy to get almost anywhere in London in short order. In spite of that, Northumberland Avenue is really fairly quite given the location. The walk back from Tesco (the grocery) is a bit of hike if you buy too much but the store should hold all you need to stock your kitchen.The services was decent if not overly friendly and they held my rental mobile for pickup without question. Check in was quick and painless. The hotel itself is basically a brand new facility within a 1930s building. My studio was quite spacious. The kitchen was fully equiped with the exception of an oven and it was amazing what they could put into such a small space. It really came in handy and I ate a good portion of my meals there. The bath was nice as well and I had no problems with temperature or water pressure. The air conditioning and heating was individually controlled and worked quite well. The sleeper sofa was comfortable and easy to operate. Not all of the TV stations came in and the stereo couldn't pick up any radio due to the concrete structure of the building. The decor is much like a US budget/mid-range hotel. Think Hampton Inn and you will get the idea. A few minor irritations - no clock radio and I had problems with voice mail.I paid about $150 a night here and at that price, it was a great deal. Some sites show this hotel as a four star property. I would rate it high in the three star catagory. As long as you are not expecting luxury and can get a reasonable rate, I would recommend this property.	
Jul 4 2005	The jury is still out on this one......	During our recent visit to Britain we ended our holiday at this aparthotel.When we entered the lobby I was quite impressed and was hoping that it would meet our expectations. I have to say I was somewhat disapointed. We stayed in a one bedroom suite. The bedroom and 2 bathrooms had a heavy safety doors (other than the living room).which made me feel quite boxed in. The windows in both the livingroom and bedroom were quite small and I missed a sense of lightness from larger windows. When I requested to change rooms for one with a larger window and some &quot;light&quot; I was told that ours was a non-smoking floor and that the ones with larger windows on the lower floors were smoking rooms. We did not get the amount of channels shown and it was a disappointment for our son who would have enjoyed the cartoon channel.The hotel is very centrally located which is a great plus for the tube or walking to many sights. The staff was adequate but for the price of $438 Canadian per night, I felt the services were lacking the rating of a 4 star hotel.As I have not stayed in any other hotels in London, I cannot compare the size of the room but felt that everything was compact and spacesaving much like an r.v. or a boat. There was little extra space in which to layout a suitcase etc. other than lay it on the bed. I have never seen such tiny soaps given in a hotel and our kitchenette was missing water glasses but did have wine glasses. I have to admit, it did not reach the calibre of hotels we stayed in in Glasgow and Edinburgh.I would check out other places before committing to returning to this hotel.A positive comment is that is was nice to have the kitchenette and the living room space separate from the bedroom and that the location was quite good.	
Jun 21 2005	Good value for money	About the Hotel (in fact &quot;ApartHotel&quot;...)Plus :- Location is perfect (Embankment and Charing Cross stations 1 and 3 minutes walk), also lot of doubledeck buses near Charing Cross. Trafalgar Square is a nice area very close to Covent Garden &amp; Tottenham Court. Perfect if you don't want to lose time in transportation. Excellent pub &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; at the left of the Citadines in case of;- Nice entry hall with one plasma tv, newspapers &amp; free internet access (but only one...);- 2 elevators (8 or 9 floors);- checked-in at 11 am and no problem about that early hour, the room was cleaned and ready;- got to check out before 11am but can benefit of a luggage room for lately flights/trains.Minus :- the staff is OK but not very smiling...- no restaurant (but this is not a &quot;hotel&quot;)About the roomPlus :- Large compared to London average standards : well furnished (modern furnitures), closets, microwave, toaster, fridge... very convenient if you want to save some £ or simply have a drink or something to eat. TV (20 channels incl foreigner networks). hi-fi stereo;- Quiet area / we were on the 1st floor but on the backside of the building (very quiet street). But you can still hear what happens in your corridor and in the street...But it's OK by the way, not a major issue giving the fact that I don't like noisy hotels.- Quiet cheap rate (75£=115€ VAT incl. per night -- Internet rate) for UK- Sofa rather comfortable to sleep in- not huge but nice and clean bathroom with toiletsMinus :- no room service (&lt;7 days)- our view was not very exciting because of our 1st floor positionConclusion:Good value for money, no bad surprises, I have not been disappointed.If you're on a budget (so were we), put 15-20£ more to book the Citadines instead of overpay a tiny-no bathroom room in a 1 star hotel in Paddington...Photos will be added ASAP	
Jun 20 2005	Bring a roll of TP and a bar of soap	and if you have a lot of room in your suitcase I'd even consider bringing your own bath towel. The towels they supply are similar to the ones you used in high school gym class. For all the limitations of this place (and there are many which are well outlined here on tripadviser), if I take the kids to London again, I would stay here. If you need to sleep 4-6 people you just can not beat the price for this location. Our room was clean. The only shabby, worn out things were the blankets and the fold out sofa. The kitchen was in good working order. There is even a free computer downstairs but you will need to get up at 4 am to use it because someone is always camped out there. So my summary is, this place is good for families and groups. Do not stay here if you are a couple or if this is a romantic getaway. This is not a quiet, full-service, kind of place.	
Jun 19 2005	Great location but.....	This location is wonderful, just arounf the corner form Trafalger Square and an easy walk to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, Buckingham, the West End and the Embankment subway stop. Beware, however. This is not a hotel but rather an apartment of sorts. The staff tries to be helpful but there is no Taxi stand, no Concierge, no restaurant, no fresh linens or room cleaning (unless you pay a fee), etc. It was clean, convenient and adequate for our needs.	
Jun 1 2005 	Great Location Pretty Good Hotel	Ok, so there are lots of good reviews of this place. So, my middle-of-the-road review score may be off-putting, but please read on. First the really good. It's about the best location for a semi-affordable hotel there is to be had in London. It's steps from Trafalgar Square, about 10 minutes walk from The Eye, about 15-20 minutes walk from Buckingham Palace, 10 minutes from Leicester Square and Piccadilly, and on and on. The room was clean and had a well-equipped kitchen. The pull out sofa in the livingroom was adequate for my son and the space was well above average in size. The closest Tube station is the Embankment which is literally 2 minutes walk. There are hundreds of restaurants and shops within 20 minutes walk - location, location, location.The not so good - The price is high regardless of where it is. We booked through Hotels and the price with tax was about $270 per night in May. I travel a lot (Platinum Medallion Delta member) and see many, many hotels in a year. This one is just not a 4-star hotel. It's a 5-star location and a 3-star property. I have stayed in nicer Holiday Inns. Doesn't hold a candle to the Westins, Hiltons, and Hyatts I've stayed in. Sorry, but I don't care where it is. I have stayed many times in London and would readily recommend the Westbury Mayfair on Bond St over this any day if quality accomodations are your top priority.The bad - the toilet flushed with hot water. That's right, hot water (had been mis-plumbed). That same hot water comes from a heater shared by 2 rooms, so if you flush a few times and someone in the other room takes a bath or a shower, you have no hot water for a few hours at least. This was evidently a problem in one whole section of the hotel. I reported it and got a &quot;we know&quot; response. That's not 4-star customer care. Since this is an Apart-hotel (kitchen), there is quite a bit of cooking going on at night. You smell every aroma from the guy next door. If it happens to be fried food (as the guy next door was cooking), it tends to make your clothes lying out smell that way. Only happened one night with us, but one is too many.Minor nits - cable TV in our room only had 3 good channels out of 15 advertised. Washing your clothes in the laundry area (token operated) costs 7 pounds (14 dollars U.S.) per load. Way too high. Breakfast is 6 pounds ($12) for continental fare - again way too expensive.So, in short summary it's got a great location, is clean and fairly quiet, but lacks sophistication and extras cost too much. However, even with the negatives, I would stay there again for the location.	
May 31 2005	Hated the Staff	You can't beat the location of this hotel and the room was perfectly clean. However, I found the staff to be difficult. They did not seem to know the answers to any of my questions and couldn't have been bothered to try and find out. I also did not realize when I booked the hotel, that I would have to pay extra for clean towels. I stayed for 6 nights so I did not qualify for fresh towels. I also seemed to get an attitude from the staff whenever I asked for toilet paper.	
Mar 30 2005 	Unbeatable Location	I stayed at the Citadines in March and really enjoyed my stay there. The room is very clean and well appointed. First, I was concerned about the amenities, given that the hotel offers &quot;services apartments&quot;, but they provided towels, soap, shower gel, linens...etc. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The bed is a sofabed so if you go there, be aware of it. The only drawback was that they forgot to give me pillows for which I ended up searching the whole studio (but I was given some immediately). Last time I stayed at The Royal Horseguards, certainly in another sphere of hotels, but I liked the Citadines as well and it is cheaper. The location is unbeatable, you can practically see Trafalgar Square. The breakfast is overpriced, so if you care for English breakfast, exit the hotel, cross the road, turn into Great Scotland Yard, and right at the corner of Whithall is a pub offering breakfast.	
Mar 22 2005	Location is amazing	A group of six of us stayed in this hotel for three nights in March. The room was great, it had 2 separate double bedrooms and one double sofa bed in the living room perfect for 6 of us! The Kitchen area was small but had a good size fridge. The staff were mostly friendly and when we had a problem with one of the doors, the maintenance staff were efficient and the problem was sorted out very quickly. The staff on reception were mostly friendly except for one person who was quite rude at check in.The major attraction of this hotel is the location, 2 minutes from Trafalgar Square, 10 minutes walk to Westminster and 2 minutes to the nearest tube station Charing Cross. The location is worth the price but as there is no maid service every day you have to keep the place tidy yourself and if you require more towels these must be requested from Reception. Despite a few hiccups at the start of our stay I would stay here again and would definitely recommend to others.	
Mar 15 2005	Great hotel!	This hotel is great. If you stay anywhere in the area you are going to be close to enough things so the location was perfect -- definitely within walking distance of everything you would want to see and also right next to the Charing Cross tube stop.The hotel itself is quite nice. The only problem I had is that our room didn't have a bed -- just a fold-out sofa. It wasn't uncomfortable (like most sleeper sofas) it was just a hassle pulling out at night. That's the only problem I could find with the place.The &quot;kitchen&quot; was well stocked and would be perfect for a stay anywhere - or even an extended stay. The bathroom was also good -- and very clean -- like the entire hotel.Staff was friendly -- internet usage is free for guests (though there is only one computer for a fairly large hotel). Though the hotel did not blow me away, I can't imagine needing anything nicer than what we got here (unless you want to blow tons of money for a really ritzy hotel) ...	
Jan 25 2005	Excellent place!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights in late January and absolutely loved the room and the location. This was my first-ever trip to London and I was very happy with the Citadines Trafalgar Square. Some good points include that it is a short walk to two tube stations, the Thames river, Big Ben and Parliament, and Covent Gardens. I loved that the room had a fully stocked small kitchen. Another great thing is that each room is climate controlled so you can make it as warm or cool as you want. It was also nice that they had free internet access in the lobby. The only two small drawbacks I can think of were that a) they give you one tiny little soap, but I guess you can ask for more, and b) you have to clean up after yourself as there is no maid service in the rooms. We would absolutely stay here again though!	
Jan 12 2005	Great Location	I stayed here with my husband, three children and mother in January 2005. Rooms were not too tiny - it helped having a 2 bedroom for 2 adults and 2 of the children - you can fit another 2 people on the fold out sofa bed, but there would be no place to eat take aways or just sit around. Pretty good breakfast is available - the usual continental plus boiled eggs and toast. It was a very relaxing start to the day.One minute walk to Trafalgar Square meant that we could quickly walk or bus to most places.Most of the staff were very helpful.There is free internet access (in the foyer); a common-use laundry and a luggage storage room if your flight leaves after check out.This is where I will stay next time!	
Dec 2 2004	Can't be the location	This hotel is 30 sec walk away from Trafalgar Square and 5 minutes from Leicester Square. We stayed in a studio from Sep 30 - Oct 2 which was small but adequate. The bathrooms are actually much larger than I expected for London and quite nice. The reception are decent but not the most pleasant I've come across by any means but at £70 a night smack in the middle of it all (you can walk across the bridge to the London Eye), you really can't complain. The location is worth the price.	
Nov 3 2004	Excellent all around esp. for families/groups.	My girlfriend and I travelled this October with my brother, and wanted to find a hotel that would afford us the benefit of separate bedrooms without the added expense of booking both a single room for him and a double for us.We booked a suite at Citadines based on Internet research and previous pleasant experience with this style of hotel (aparthotels, etc.), and our stay was fantastic.We paid 135 GBP for 2 weekend nights and 205 GBP for one night (weekday), finding the best rates (a special discount) by booking through the Citadines Web site, which had discounted deals not available on the travel sites. With the exchange rate at the time, our 3 night stay was $900, or about $100 per person per night.The hotel's location is unsurpassed. Half a block from Trafalgar Square, the National Gallery (Renaissance - 19th century art), and National Portrait Gallery (highly recommended, and free!). 1 tube stop or a 15 minute walk along the Thames Embankment from Westminster, including the Abbey, Parliament, etc. Just across the bridge from the Millenium Pier (Saatchi modern art gallery, BA London Eye, and water-taxi stop for Tate National and Tate Modern), etc. Embankment and Charing Cross tube stations were both less than half a block away.The building is extremely posh, with an elegantly decorated modern lobby, excellent elevators, carpeting, paint, etc. All very clean. I believe the hotel was a historic building of some sort, but I couldn't remember exactly what the plaque outside said.Our room was on the 5th floor, and had an unspectacular view of a side street, but was very quiet. The hotel was able to accomodate an early check in (8 a.m.), which I am guessing was partly due to the season and it being a weekend. There was free high speed internet access in the lobby, both free WiFi for laptop users and a terminal provided by the hotel for those without computers. I was also able to get signals for 4 different commercial WiFi providers which I could have used for a fee (flat rate/daily/hourly, depending on provider.) We didn't partake of the (expensive) breakfast served in the lobby. Our room had a kitchenette with a combination microwave/grill, stove-top range, sink, mini-fridge, toaster, and dishwasher. They provided cutlery, plates, glasses, and TWO different sizes of demi-tasse cofee/teacups, cutting boards, pot-holders, dish towels, etc. I can't remember if there were pots and pans. However you could easily cook breakfast, do sandwiches, or cook a limited dinner as needed. We did breakfasts each morning. A TessCo (mini-grocery store) across the street provided the essentials. We were very pleased with the kitchen, even though it was small. The main room had a small TV, a writing desk/dining room table, a few sitting chairs and a trundle-style sofa bed. My brother is a big guy and had no complaints about the bed, although I don't think it would be comfortable for a couple. The bed could be split into two single beds if necessary.An iron and full size ironing board, extra pillows and two folding chairs were provided in a small closet. The toilet had it's own separate room (like a closet, I guess we would call it a 1/4 bath in the US) so it was literally a Water Closet. The bathroom had a smallish tub and sink/vanity, and lots of extra towels. This is a nice touch because linen is not changed during your stay, unless you are there longer than a week or pay extra for mid-week housekeeping visits. The water was pleasantly hot. Although a lot of water (flow) came out of both bath and shower, the shower wasn't as highly pressurized as we are used to in the US. It was far better than other European showers I've used. One nice touch: adjustable height shower-head that went up to about 7 feet. I've often had European showers that come up to my collarbone, so this was appreciated. There's also a fold-out clothes-drying rack for doing in-room laundry.The main bedroom had one double bed and another small closet. Not a whole lot of space in that room besides the bed, but it was comfortable with clean linens and good pillows and mattress.This stop was near the middle of a 10 day total itinerary, and so we had lots of dirty clothes. We made use of the in-hotel coin-op laundry, which was one of only two minor disappointments. The cost for the laundry ended up being about $25 for one load. There were two washers and two dryers, and one of the dryers was broken. My brother had to run everything through the dryers twice, (accounting for some of the cost.) and was up until 2:00 a.m. waiting for the laundry to finish (machines had very long/slow cycles.)The only other complaint was the all of the doors had automatic hydraulic door-closers, and no door-stops were provided. We ended up using a folded up wad of napkins to prop open the bedroom when we wanted to easily go in and out (e.g. for packing) and prop open the kitchen with a stuck-open drawer. This seems like something that would be easy for them to fix with a $1.50 rubber doorstop...If all the other Citadines are as well run as this one, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them to any travellers. Those planning an extended stay, or who have children or mixed parties who need that extra bit of privacy will especially appreciate the suites. The cost savings of in-room cooking vs. restaurant/hotel prices are wiped out a little by the higher cost of the hotel compared to a lower-end tourist facility, but the amenities make up for this.Overall, a good deal at a great location.	
Oct 30 2004	disappointed	The appartments were a good size for 2. The one we stayed in was a one bedroom appartment and was meant to sleep 4. I would say it is a real crush getting 4 adults in the one bed appartments. The water was a real problem, the bath would only fill a quarter of the way and then go cold. If the kettle was switched on in the kitchen with any other appliance, the whole place was plunged into darkness!! Service was disappointing and the staff very offish and cold. All in all, only stay there if you must!!	
Sep 13 2004	Fabulous Location	The location was terrific, on leafy Northumberland Avenue between Trafalgar Square and the river in a substantial Edwardian building which at one time housed the League of Nations.The apartment was basic but clean and comfortable and the cute kitchen meant big savings on eating expenses. There are two grocery shops within walking distance. I arrived at 6am after a 24 hour flight and was given a room immediately.	
Aug 6 2004	Tiny 1-bedroom	Yes, the location is this hotel's best merit. The one-bedroom suite we stayed in (there were 3 of us), was really tiny. The kitchenette was literally a closet. The living room had the pull out couch for one person. The bathroom is also tiny and water pressure was a problem. The bedroom was small. Windows had to be opened at night because there is no air-conditioning, so you can hear the street noise of Northumberland and Trafalgar Square. Front desk was not that friendly. It was good for the price and we only stayed for one night anyway, coming back from France to fly out of Heathrow the next morning. Maybe the 2 bedroom apartment would have been better, but for one night, it was ok.	
Jul 5 2004	Good trade-off for the price	Just got back to the States from six days at this fairly nice and incredibly well situated hotel. One has to get use to the minimal housekeeping (one visit during my stay) and I had to chase after them for another face/bath soap (bring your own!) and for replacement dishtowels. The voice message system failed several times and I never received several messages I know were left for me. One of the two small elevators was out of order for two of my visit days causing long waits. But, kitchenette well equipped and one can save on London's horrendous prices by eating in. Free high speed internet in the lobby a plus, as was the ample room lighting, and the double-paned and large windows made my room airy yet fairly sound proof though nine stories over a busy arterial. Get ready to pay $14 for one load of wash &amp; dry in the launderette. Lots of shelves in the three closets in my studio, plus some drawers for storage conducive to longer stays.	
Jun 3 2004	Great Location	Great central location, close to all transport but in walking distance to everything anyway. Very expensive though. Houskeeping a bit slack. We were there for 10 days and only had 1 visit from cleaning and then they never left us any new towels. Also the room had a dishwasher but only enough detergant for 1 wash. Laundry service a rip. Also the computer with internet access they had for guests use was not there and had not been for over a month which was very inconvenient. Apart from that the room was great, quiet and dark enough to sleep, the sofa bed a bit ordinary. We had a great time though.	
Apr 11 2004	It's a toss up...	We stayed in here for a few days in April. It was my first trip to London and I was not sure what to expect from the hotels. Most of the ones we looked at online seemed really small. We had a studio apt, and it was decent. It was great to have a kitchen, (which was very clean). Over all the room was ok. The fold-out sofa bed was horrible though, it was noisy and uncomfortable. The bathroom, although clean, never had enough hot water for one shower and the Internet service was down the whole time. However, the location could not be beat! So, it's a toss up...would you rather have a good bed and hot water or be in a good location?	
Apr 5 2004	Location is the best part of this hotel	Partly on the strength of the writeups here and elsewhere, I picked the Citadines-Traf. Sq location from among the TONS of hotels in London for my visit to the city a week ago (March-April '04).Traveling by myself, I chose the studio apt. The real virtue to the place is the location; besides being close to attractions that a first-time visitor would esp like (natl museum, Traf Sq, etc), it had the relatively unmentioned bonus of being right over the river from the South Bank Center. This was my 4th trip to London, so I didn't necessarily need to see the &quot;usual&quot; sights. Instead, I was going for a combination of cheap airfare, touring exhibits and performances. So, the proximity to the So. Bank Center was a real plus -- a 10-minute walk across the pedestrian bridge, and you're there -- for plays, dance, music and even some FREE shows (not to mention saving money by not having to take the tube to and from) ...but back to the apt itself: it was clean and tidy, with some nice amenities, like the CD player that others have mentioned. The microwave and little fridge were also nice.Less favorable points: the somewhat hard sofabed; the unfathomable elec. burners; the lack of an alarm clock; the poorly functioning shower; the high level of street noise at night (even on the 8th floor); and a somewhat lackadaisacal front desk staff.Having said that, for the sake of the wonderful location, the convenience and savings of a mini-kitchen, and the occasional ability to use the free Internet access, I'd still recommend this place. The location really can't be beat. You're a half-block from the Embankment tube station and within easy walking distance of major museums, Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Charing Cross, Chinatown, numerous theaters (and the half-price ticket stand), two major jazz clubs, and the practical conveniences of the Strand.p.s. Be sure to ask upfront about the cost of from-room phone charges. I wound up spending much more than anctipated on phone calls, when calling for event info and tickets, etc. But it's certainly more convenient than scrounging up coins and using a pay phone somewhere.p.p.s. Avoid the Italian restaurant around the corner from this hotel. Mediocre food, high prices. And the crepes place nearby is disappointing, too. But the Indian food from the combo cold sandwich-hot Indian food place on that same street (just up from the Embankment tube station) is great! and very inexpensive and enough for two meals.	
Mar 31 2004	Great value	A really great location, a stone's throw from Trafalgar Square; perfect for sight-seeing or central meetings. And an interesting change from most London hotels ? Citadines' rooms include a kitchen and sofa beds, and there's no service to the rooms (linen and towels are changed every few days, when they also empty your garbage, and you have to make your own beds).All of that means it's very good value for money, although after a couple of days one can end up yearning for a normal hotel that employs staff to look after its guests!I was in a basic room, though, and the furnishings were all on the cheap and tired side. Would be great for families; my young son loved it.	
Mar 13 2004	Great Trip	We stayed at Citadines Trafalgar Square from February 19-27, 2004. The hotel was in a great location for the tube and all attractions. It really is just a stones throw away from Trafalgar Square and you are able to walk to Covent Garden, Picadilly Circus, Soho and of course Buckingham Palace.We stayed in a studio apartment. It was small with a firm pullout couch but for all the time we spent in the room, it was all we needed. It also came with a kitchenette which was useful.I would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel and we plan on staying there again when go back next year.	
Feb 16 2004	Fantastic value location accommodation	Stayed in a studio here over valentine's weekend. Lovely touch of a box of chocolates on arrival. Spacious room, floor to ceiling windows, sofa bed was huge. Lovely, well appointed, clean bathroom with tons of storage. Well equipped kitchen with kettle, toaster, hob, combi-microwave oven, dishwasher, fridge and all the cutlery you will need including steak knives, cork screw and a fantastic balloon whisk should you feel the need to show off your skills at sauce making!An initial problem with the electrics in the apartment was sorted in minutes. The staff was courteous and knowledgeable.The location is amazing. Trafalgar Square and Whitehall was 30 seconds in one direction, the Thames and the London Eye 30 seconds in the other direction. We were able to walk to a show at the Old Vic nr Waterloo. I imagine that arrivals at Waterloo Station would have a lovely arrival in London walking over the Jubilee Bridges (which are right at the bottom of Northumberland Avenue) to the apartment.Will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 9 2004	Ideal for a family visiting London		
Jan 17 2004	great rate/location		
Dec 30 2003	Amazing location with great value and comfort!		
Dec 22 2003 	Best location in London!		
Dec 11 2003	One of the best		
Nov 3 2003	Orion's an Excellent Choice		
Oct 6 2003	Citadines exceptionally clean and quiet !		
May 15 2003	Great Bargain!		
Apr 4 2003	Great location nice hotel lovely price		
Nov 22 2002	convenient clean close to tube		
Oct 30 2009 	???????		
Aug 22 2009 	Bien situé confortable pratique avec des enfants		
Jun 28 2009 	Nous y retournerons		
Apr 20 2009 	tres satisfait		
Mar 26 2009 	Emplacement parfait pour une visite de courte durée		
Jul 19 2008 	bien mais		
Mar 5 2008 	Bien situé mais defraichi...		
Feb 4 2008 	ottima sistemazione e ottima posizione		
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent et merveilleux		
Nov 12 2007 	Excelente ubicación y muy buen trato		
Oct 20 2007 	Veramente ottimo		
Aug 2 2007 	Situation idéale		
Jul 30 2007	Emplacement idéal pour un week end londonien.		
Jun 6 2007 	spledido soggiorno		
Aug 2 2006 	tres classe		
